Within the One Thought Sealed Tower, Ai Anxin wanted to observe where Luo Zheng was.
But facing the boundless storm of laws, she naturally didn't know where Luo Zheng was, and didn't know if Luo Zheng was eliminated!
"Luo Zheng is 18,000 miles?"
Ai Anxin smiled. Although she had taken the initiative to leave the One Thought Sealed Pagoda, she knew what this result meant. It was impossible for Luo Zheng to reach this distance. In the end, he had been left far behind by her!
In reality, 28,200 miles was Ai Anxin's limit.
By the time Ai Anxin had reached 28,000 miles, she could already feel the immense pressure.
The storm of laws there couldn't be described as terrifying. All sorts of lightning and fire powers intersected within. The wind blades that were compressed to the extreme, the frost that sealed everything ….
If Ai Anxin unleashed all of her potential, she might be able to advance another 1000 miles.
But to her, it wasn't worth it. And this result was indeed enough!
It was enough for her to stand at a height that normal fighters, or even genius fighters, couldn't reach. She could look down on them, look down on Luo Zheng!
From the gazes of the fighters in the 13 palaces, it was enough to prove it.
She was very satisfied with their gazes filled with respect ….
"Ai Anxin, please come up." At this time, Yun Luo's voice rang out.
Ai Anxin nodded. Her golden embroidered shoes lightly stepped on the ground. Her light voice floated over as she stood in front of the palace masters.
Before this, the palace masters had also sized Ai Anxin up.
However, these palace lords were either close to the sector lord level or half step sector lord level. Ai Anxin was in front of them.
Actually, she could barely be counted as a junior. She could be said to be a junior's junior ….
But it was this junior's performance that made the expressions of these palace masters become very polite.
Facing these big figures, Ai Anxin wasn't afraid. Instead, she looked towards the cloth clothed old man, "There's a reward for breaking through 10,000 miles. I broke through 20,000 miles, shouldn't there be a reward too?"
These words made the old man's face stiffen.
How could he have thought that there would be a fighter breaking through 20,000 miles?
Naturally, the plain-clothed old man did not prepare any rewards.
At this time, a Palace Lord said with a smile, "Indeed, there should be a reward. Twenty-eight thousand miles, hehe, it's not right to not give a reward!"
"That's right. Just based on the birth of a new record, this reward should be given!" A palace master chimed in.
The old man hesitated for a moment. How should he give out the reward? For a moment, he had no idea what to do …
However, at this moment, a faint voice sounded, "Let me give you the reward!"
When the voice appeared, the many palace masters were slightly stunned. Someone had penetrated the seal set up by the linen-clothed old man and slowly descended.
"Sunset Realmlord!"
"The Sunset Realm Lord has personally arrived …"
When the Palace Masters saw who it was, they stood up one after another. The linen-clothed old man was also very respectful.
The Palace Lords of the Thirteen Palaces were definitely important figures in the great worlds at the edge of the Alliance. For example, Yun Luo wasn't a Realm Lord, but she went to Tong Tong.
When the Spirit World took Luo Zheng away, the Spirit Summoning World's World Lord was also very respectful to her.
However, the status of the Realm Lords was also different.
The Sunset Realm Lord had an extremely high status in the Alliance. Among the many Realm Lords, he was also a core figure. He alone controlled the Thirteen Great Worlds of the Thirteen Heavenly Palaces. Together with a few other powerful Realm Lords, his status was second only to the Heavenly Venerables.
Although the other figures were respectful to the Sunset Realm Lord, Ai Anxin didn't change. She only stared at the reward.
Hearing this person say that the reward would be given by him, Ai Anxin asked, "You'll give me the reward?"
The Sunset Realm Lord nodded and looked at Ai Anxin with a kind gaze, "Yes, little girl."
"I'm not a little girl. I'm Ai Anxin!" Ai Anxin corrected him.
"Good, good." The Sunset Realm Lord didn't know whether to laugh or cry. He then said, "I came in a hurry and didn't prepare any rewards. However, I have three treasures here. They're quite extraordinary. You can choose from them."
After speaking, the Sunset Realm Lord gently waved his hand and three rays of light flashed in front of him.
The three rays of light wrapped around three treasures …
Two of the treasures were First Grade Divine Artifacts. They were a snow-white sword and a pale yellow saber.
The last item was a feather robe. Although the feather robe was only a Secondary Grade One Sacred Artifact, defensive treasures were extremely rare. The value of this Secondary Grade One Sacred Artifact wasn't any lower than the value of the other two Secondary Grade One Sacred Artifacts.
"The first two Divine Artifacts are famous on the Universal Spirit Stele. Although they're ranked very low, they're still much stronger than ordinary First Grade Divine Artifacts. As for this Rainbow Feather Robe, I obtained it by accident. It's also a very special defensive treasure."
Ai Anxin didn't hesitate and chose the Rainbow Feather Robe.
"Are you sure you want to choose this Rainbow Feather Robe?" The Sunset Realm Lord asked.
"Of course!" Ai Anxin smiled and said, "This looks better!"
When these words came out, many of the Palace Lords revealed speechless expressions. Treasures that could be on the Universal Myriad Spirit Stele were indeed very precious existences, but this little girl only chose based on appearance. Wasn't she taking it too lightly?
The rainbow-colored feather robe was naturally very beautiful. Although the feather robe looked extremely thin, the rainbow-colored patterns on the surface of the feather robe gave off a dreamy feeling. However, when a cultivator chose a treasure, they would consider it from a practical point of view. How could they judge it based on its appearance?
The Sunset Realm Lord nodded. With a flick of her hand, the ray of light drifted towards Ai Anxin. Ai Anxin reached out and grabbed the rainbow-colored feather dress from the ball of light. With a flip of her hand, the feather dress draped over her body.
She even tiptoed and spun in a circle. A slightly proud expression appeared on her face. She never knew how to hide her pride.
The Sunset Realm Lord continued, "To be able to reach such a distance, it won't be long before Spring Fragrance Pavilion comes to ask for her. I wonder what Xiao Daolai's intentions are?"
Yun Luo looked at the lively little girl and said, "Since Xiao Daolai is willing to send her here to take the test of the Torch Flame Inheritance, he naturally has plans. I think he won't reject Spring Fragrance Pavilion."
"That's good." The Sunset Realm Master nodded. Her gaze turned towards the One Thought Boundary Tower, and a curious expression appeared on her face. "There seems to be another person in this One Thought Boundary Tower?"
Yun Luo nodded, "Yes, that's a cultivator from my Cloud Mist Heavenly Palace."
"Oh?" When the Sunset Realm Lord looked over, he was slightly surprised. "He's actually at 18,000 miles. This result is not bad."
18,000 miles. How could it be just not bad? This was already the same as Huan Hai Celestial's record. Luo Zheng's 18,000 miles was equivalent to surpassing Huan Hai Celestial's record.
If it was in the past, how could they use the word "not bad" to describe it?
Unfortunately, Ai Anxin had just broken the 28,000 miles record and was 10,000 miles ahead of Luo Zheng. Therefore, Luo Zheng's terrifying record could only be described as "not bad".
Yun Luo curled her lips and said, "Luo Zheng, he seems to be still in the process of comprehending. Maybe he will try to break through …"
Yun Luo was not confident now. Previously, she felt that Luo Zheng could break Huan Hai Celestial's record. This premonition was correct!
However, Yun Luo could not say how far Luo Zheng could go. She could only say that he would try again.
Ai Anxin also looked at the One Thought Seal Tower and said with a smile, "Yes! Luo Zheng's result is already very good! He should be able to break through 20,000 miles! "
Yun Luo glanced at Ai Anxin indifferently. She didn't like this woman being so proud. From her words, it was impossible for Luo Zheng to break her record?
She hoped that Luo Zheng could work harder. However, breaking Ai Anxin's record was still too difficult. For some reason, Yun Luo was slightly depressed.
The Sunset Realm Lord said, "Then let's see if this kid can work hard. If he can break through 20,000 miles, my reward will naturally be great. However, I don't know how long this kid will be comprehending? It's difficult to comprehend in the storm of laws. "
Everyone looked at the last person in the One Thought Seal Tower. From the beginning until now, Luo Zheng had not moved at all. Who knew how long he would be comprehending?