Actually, there wasn't much suspense about the results of the One Thought Sealed Pagoda this time.
If the 18,000-kilometer record left behind by Heavenly Venerate Yun Hai was an insurmountable mountain, then it was now an insurmountable mountain.
Now, Ai Anxin had successfully flipped over it and even stepped on it firmly.
The record that Ai Anxin had created was like a layer of heaven. A layer of heaven that couldn't be surpassed!
Unless you had the ability to overturn the heavens, it was impossible to overturn this layer of heaven …
Luo Zheng had indeed climbed over the mountain set by Heavenly Venerate Yun Hai, but no one believed that Luo Zheng could surpass Ai Anxin's terrifying record!
18,000-kilometer was already an insurmountable record, let alone 28,000-kilometer?
However, Luo Zheng was the last person in the One Thought Sealed Pagoda, so everyone's attention was naturally focused on him.
Time continued to pass …
Luo Zheng remained motionless in the One Thought Sealed Pagoda like an old monk meditating, as if he was comprehending something.
Ai Anxin pursed her lips as her eyes sparkled.
18,000-kilometer was also a threshold in the One Thought Sealed Pagoda. After 18,000-kilometer, the nomological laws would be compressed to the extreme!
All the nomological law fragments would be condensed together, forming a black nomological law storm.
Back then, Heavenly Venerate Yun Hai had stopped here probably because of this black nomological law storm …
However, Ai Anxin didn't stop here at all. After she opened the jade door, she didn't think much and just focused on charging forward.
Although the black nomological law storm was fierce, it couldn't do much to her.
However, she didn't know what Luo Zheng was trying to do by comprehending it like this.
Time passed by, one breath after another …
In the time it takes for an incense stick to burn …
Half an hour had passed …
Two hours of time …
Four hours of time ….
The Palace Masters and the Sunset Realmlord were still fine.
They were all martialists who had experienced countless years. This bit of time was really like a white steed flashing across a crevice. It was just an instant.
However, the martialists in the square seemed a little anxious.
It wasn't that they didn't have the patience.
To be able to cultivate to this realm, all of the martial artists had gone through numerous crises and boring cultivation.
Sometimes, a single seclusion could last for years. What did a few hours count for?
However, the Xin Huo inheritance didn't only contain the One Thought Sealed Tower. They were all looking forward to the next trial. Under such anticipation, time passed slowly.
"What is this Luo Zheng doing? Aren't you wasting everyone's time by dilly-dallying? "
"There's no other way. If Luo Zheng isn't dealt with in One Thought Sealed Tower, the Torch Flame inheritance won't be opened …"
"Hey, hurry up if you want to continue! In any case, he has already broken Empyrean Illusory Sea's record. That should be enough. Could it be that he still wants to break Ai Anxin's record?! "
With thousands of people complaining, it was a hubbub of voices …
Yun Luo's slightly white eyes were filled with curiosity.
What was Luo Zheng thinking?
"Huff huff huff …"
The violent storm of laws continued to sweep in front of Luo Zheng.
These Law Storms were divided into different levels.
At a thousand miles, the fragments of laws were more scattered and difficult to condense together. Even if they did condense, they would only form some small fragments of laws, such as short wind blades, small fireballs, and so on.
However, after three thousand miles, the fragments in the storm of laws condensed together on a large scale.
The further one went, the higher the degree of condensation. After ten thousand miles, the laws formed on a large scale and the attacks produced were even more terrifying and powerful.
From ten thousand miles to eighteen thousand miles, the power of the storm of laws only continued to increase, but there was no fundamental change.
However, the storm of laws in front of Luo Zheng had already condensed to the extreme. The colorful laws gathered together and looked like a gray fog.
At first glance, the speed of the storm of laws was much slower and didn't seem as fierce as before. However, due to the compression of the various laws, it was more difficult to advance in it.
However, Luo Zheng stopped here not because he couldn't pass through the storm of laws, but because he found that the highly condensed storm of laws was very similar to the chaotic aura in his body …
"When all the source Laws are condensed to the extreme, it seems to become the elementary form of chaotic aura. It's very similar, it's very similar …"
Staring at the space storm in front of him, Luo Zheng was lost in thought.
The source Laws of this space storm were the result of several Empyreans fighting. They had transformed heaven and earth origin energy into the power of Laws, intertwining and compressing it, ultimately turning it into this.
All things were originally evolved from chaos, and the source Laws were the foundation of all things in the universe …
Thinking of this, Luo Zheng's eyes flashed.
Heaven and earth origin energy could be seized by martial artists who cultivated the true essence system …
According to this logic, the highly condensed power of Laws already had the nature of chaotic aura. And now, he was the first person to cultivate the Primal Chaos Secret Arts!
Could he control this storm of laws?
Thinking of this, Luo Zheng no longer hesitated. He began to recite the formula of the Primal Chaos Secret Arts and tried to stir up the concentrated storm of Laws.
The chaotic aura within Luo Zheng's dantian was something that his master had planted and then slowly refined.
But now, Luo Zheng wasn't stimulating the chaotic aura within his dantian, but was using the Primal Chaos Secret Arts to operate in reverse. Like a true essence system martial artist, he was using the storm of Laws as heaven and earth origin energy to control it!
This situation was something that even Luo Zheng's master hadn't expected. After all, in the universe, there was almost no chaotic aura.
But Luo Zheng wasn't someone who stuck to formalities. One of the greatest pleasures of stepping onto the road of martial artists was exploration. Moreover, his master didn't cultivate the Primal Chaos Secret Arts. Since he had chosen this road, he could only comprehend it himself, ponder it himself, create it himself …
After a breath of time, an invisible fluctuation spread out from his body.
Although Luo Zheng closed his eyes, the corners of his mouth curled up slightly. The storm of laws in front of him seemed to be affected by an invisible force, rolling to both sides.
This gray storm of laws was originally rolling constantly, but its rolling speed was relatively slow. Although it was affected by Luo Zheng's Primal Chaos Secret Arts, the Sunset Realm Master, Yun Luo, and many other Palace Masters outside the One Thought Sealed Tower didn't notice anything wrong.
Soon, someone shouted, "This guy finally stood up!"
"Is he planning to leave the One Thought Sealed Tower? Or … continue to move forward? "
"He's starting to move forward …"
"He's actually walking with his legs …"
"He's finally flying …"
"His speed is still very slow …"
"He's speeding up, he's so fast!"
"This … he still hasn't used his protective true essence! He doesn't seem to be using any secret techniques, so why is he moving forward so fast? "
"Oh my god …"
The warriors on the side of the square, who had been complaining before, were now in an uproar again. Of course, this time, they weren't complaining about Luo Zheng's delay, but marveling at Luo Zheng's speed.
His current speed was even faster than Ai Anxin's!
The Palace Masters' expressions were also very interesting, especially the Sunset Realm Master, who looked at Luo Zheng with a thoughtful expression.
He could find a reasonable explanation for Ai Anxin's speed to reach 28,000 miles, and that was because of the Jade Gate Immortal Battle.
But now, Luo Zheng was forcefully charging forward. Even though the Sunset Realm Master was very knowledgeable, he couldn't guess the reason …
"Luo Zheng's momentum seems to be even fiercer than Ai Anxin's!" A Palace Master opened his mouth wide in astonishment.
"Fierce indeed, but he hasn't entered the 20,000 mile range, so he shouldn't be able to surpass Ai Anxin." Another Palace Master's expression was very calm.
As for Yun Luo, her expression was still indifferent, but a faint smile appeared at the corner of her mouth.
Ai Anxin, who was standing on the top of the building, had a look of surprise in her eyes, but after gently pursing her lips, she said indifferently in her heart, I know you won't stop at 18,000 miles, or you wouldn't be qualified to be my competitor. But it's impossible to surpass 28,000 miles!
＝＝＝＝＝