Luo Zheng didn't really absorb these nomological storms into his body.
Perhaps because it was highly condensed, these nomological storms already had the embryonic form of chaotic aura. It seemed to have undergone some kind of "restoration" in this One Thought Seal Tower.
After all, these things weren't chaotic aura. Absorbing them into Luo Zheng's dantian would only do him harm.
But to be able to trigger these gray nomological storms was already enough for Luo Zheng …
After all, under his control, these nomological storms couldn't pose any obstruction to Luo Zheng! It was as if he was flying in the outside world. It was extremely easy!
As Luo Zheng continued to increase his speed, his forward speed also became faster and faster!
And the surprise on the faces of the Palace Masters also became more and more intense …
In an instant, Luo Zheng had already broken through 19,000 miles!
Next was 20,000 miles …
22,000 miles …
22,000 miles …
Just like Ai Anxin, Luo Zheng didn't stop at all, nor was there any obstruction. He flew forward and drove straight in!
"This speed … it's the same as flying in the outside world!"
"What kind of secret technique is this guy using? He must be cheating! "
Xue Muyang was still healing in a corner of the square. After seeing Ai Anxin and Luo Zheng's performance, a bitter smile appeared on his face.
Prove himself?
Want to get first place in the Torch Flame Inheritance?
With the existence of these two monsters, Ai Anxin and Luo Zheng, he was simply dreaming! The gap between him and these two was too big.
And at this time, Ai Anxin finally couldn't remain calm.
Her heart was pounding, and her hands were clenched into fists. Because she used too much strength, the blood flow at her fingertips was obstructed, and they turned white!
"Twenty-three thousand miles … Will it continue?" Ai Anxin said nervously. She really wanted to shout for Luo Zheng to stop. Don't go forward. Don't go forward anymore!
But Luo Zheng's speed was still the same …
23,000 miles …
24,000 miles …
25,000 miles …
"He has already broken through 25,000 miles." The Sunset Realm Lord clapped his hands and laughed. "Wonderful, truly wonderful. I missed it before, but I didn't expect the last little guy in the tower to be able to reach such a level. It's commendable!"
Yun Luo smiled faintly. "It seems like the Sunset Sector Lord is going to bleed again?"
The Sunset Realm Lord nodded and said, "I have always been generous to the younger generation. How could I go back on my words?"
At this time, Yun Luo suddenly thought of something, and a sly look appeared on her face. She asked, "There's a reward for reaching 20,000 miles. I wonder if there's a reward for reaching 30,000 miles?"
Hearing this, the Sunset Realm Lord was slightly taken aback, and the other Palace Lords revealed strange expressions.
"Thirty thousand miles? That's impossible …" One of the Palace Masters shook his head.
The Sunset Realm Lord laughed out loud. "Yun Luo, you should know why Ai Anxin gave up at 28,000 miles away."
Yun Luo nodded. "28,000 miles is the inner circle of the nomological storm. The nomological power within has not been completely shattered. For a warrior at Luo Zheng's level, it is a forbidden area."
"In that case, you still have the confidence to think that Luo Zheng can break through 30,000 miles?" One of the Palace Lords mocked.
Luo Zheng was still advancing, and his performance could be described as stunning. But to think that Luo Zheng could break through 30,000 miles, wasn't that a little too foolish?
"Where does your confidence come from?" Another Palace Lord asked.
Yun Luo smiled faintly, ignoring the doubts of these Palace Lords …
Of course, Yun Luo didn't have the confidence to break through 30,000 miles. But according to her memory, Luo Zheng had always been able to exceed expectations. This was the only source of her confidence!
Thus, Yun Luo directly said to the Sunset Realm Lord, "I indeed don't have the confidence, but what if?"
"There's no 'what if'. It's impossible," another Palace Lord said firmly.
Yun Luo resentfully glared at that Palace Lord. "You don't have to say so much!"
Seeing Yun Luo's playful expression, the Sunset Realm Lord laughed and said, "Since Yun Luo has spoken, if this kid can really break through 30,000 miles, this old man will naturally reward him. And it will be a great reward!"
After hearing the Sunset Realm Lord's promise, Yun Luo smiled.
On the side, Ai Anxin naturally heard their conversation. Although there was no expression on her face, she was very unwilling in her heart.
30,000 miles?
Now, Luo Zheng hadn't even broken the 28,000 miles record she had set, but he was aiming for 30,000 miles? He spoke as if Luo Zheng would definitely surpass her!
Although this was what she thought, the worry in her heart grew stronger and stronger!
Luo Zheng's momentum was definitely not inferior to hers. It was even fiercer and faster than hers …
"How can this be …"
"I even opened the Jade Gate Immortal Battle …"
"This Luo Zheng didn't even use his vital essence to protect his body. He just relied on his physical body to go more than 20,000 miles. How can this be?"
Ai Anxin's heart was very unbalanced.
She was originally a proud daughter of the heavens. Since she entered the Misty Cloud Palace, who had she ever thought highly of?
No one in the Thirteen Palaces could compare to her!
On the first day she entered the Misty Cloud Palace, she faintly felt that Luo Zheng was a threat to her. Although she tried her best to ignore this feeling, it grew stronger and stronger.
Now it seemed that this feeling was very accurate. As for the noise from the side of the square, she was already somewhat numb to it.
"He broke through 26,000 miles!"
"This Luo Zheng will definitely surpass Ai Anxin!"
"It shouldn't be much of a problem to surpass Ai Anxin …"
"27,000 …"
"28,000! He's only 200 miles away from surpassing Ai Anxin! "
At this time, Ai Anxin's originally pink and tender face was now pale. Her neatly trimmed fingernails had sunk into her flesh.
200 miles …
With Luo Zheng's speed, it would only take a few breaths of time.
There was no doubt that he would surpass her …
If she had known, if she had known, she would have tried harder. Even if she had to suffer some injuries, she would have been able to extend the distance.
A trace of regret appeared in Ai Anxin's heart.
Because she was very confident that Luo Zheng wouldn't be able to catch up to this distance, she safely left the One Thought Sealed Tower. Now Ai Anxin realized that she was still too naive.
Just as she was regretting in her heart, Luo Zheng had already crossed 28,200 miles and broken her own record.
Originally, many martial artists believed that Ai Anxin's record would be an unprecedented record that would never be broken in this era. Her record might not be able to be broken in this era.
But the result made many people's jaws drop.
The record that Ai Anxin had created was so terrifying that it made people feel suffocated. It was like a heavenly record, but Luo Zheng had easily broken it.
This record only lasted for a few hours before it was broken …
"Will Luo Zheng continue to advance?"
"Will he be able to break through 29,000 miles?"
"28,000 miles is already considered the inner circle of the nomological storm. The difficulty is incomparable to the outer circle. So after Ai Anxin broke through, she only advanced 200 miles before giving up … Luo Zheng should also give up after surpassing Ai Anxin!"
In their view, Luo Zheng was already the last person in the One Thought Sealed Tower. There was no one else who could compete with him. Since he had obtained first place, he could take the initiative to leave the One Thought Sealed Tower. There was not much meaning in continuing to advance.
However, they were wrong.
Because from the beginning, Luo Zheng had never thought of surpassing someone. He was only advancing at his own pace.
The one he wanted to challenge was not others, but himself!
So he still didn't stop and continued to advance …
"In the inner circle, we can no longer use our eyes to observe his movements." A Palace Master stared at the dark grey nomological storm.
"However, I can still sense his distance. He has already reached a distance of twenty-nine thousand miles …" The Sunset Realm Lord smiled helplessly. This fellow had really rushed to a distance of thirty thousand miles!