After entering the inner circle of the nomological storm, no one could see Luo Zheng's situation. However, they could still sense Luo Zheng's location and estimate his distance.
These Palace Masters were also very familiar with the One Thought Sealed Tower.
When the Palace Master mentioned the Fire Pool, everyone understood what he meant.
This fire pool was located 29,800 miles away. It was the Inextinguishable Mystic Flame left behind by Heavenly Venerate Xuanhuo!
During the chaotic battle between several Heavenly Venerates, the nomological power used almost tore the entire Orange Ocean Realm apart. The remnant power reverberated throughout the entire realm, turning the Orange Ocean Realm into a dead realm.
In the end, the alliance took a fancy to the Orange Ocean Realm and used the remnant power to create a training ground. It was renamed the Torch Flame Inheritance and made the best use of it.
The remnant power slowly evolved and disintegrated into all sorts of nomological fragments. Finally, they intertwined together and formed a huge nomological storm!
However, not all the remnant power left behind by Heavenly Venerates was disintegrated.
Some Heavenly Venerates had methods that could transcend time and space.
For example, the Inextinguishable Mystic Flame …
Even after countless years and being swept by the storm of laws, the Undying Mysterious Flame still maintained its exuberant state and burned fiercely in the One Thought Seal Tower!
It wasn't that the Inextinguishable Mystic Flame didn't disintegrate. The Inextinguishable Mystic Flame also disintegrated a considerable amount of fire nomological fragments. These fire nomological fragments were also integrated into the nomological storm.
However, even after so many years, when some Palace Masters entered to investigate, they discovered that the fire pool still had a certain amount of remnant power.
The remnant power of the fire pool might not be worth mentioning to those Palace Masters, but it was a fire seed left behind by a Heavenly Venerate. For Life and Death Realm and Divine Sea Realm warriors, it was a hellish existence.
Those Palace Masters, Yun Luo, and the Sunset Realm Lord were all aware of this.
Therefore, some Palace Masters had resolutely told Yun Luo that there was no such thing as a 'what if' when Luo Zheng crossed 30,000 miles.
This was equivalent to asking a newborn child to walk in a circle in a blazing brazier. Yet, some people were saying that there was a 'what if' when the child could cross? This was a very laughable assumption!
Twenty-nine thousand and six hundred miles …
Twenty-nine thousand and seven hundred kilometers …
Twenty-nine thousand and eight hundred kilometers …
The crowd couldn't see Luo Zheng's figure, but they could feel that he had stopped at a distance of 29,800 li!
"Like I said, Luo Zheng can't get through. Even if this Immortal Flame is less than one-hundred-thousandth of its original power, Luo Zheng still can't get through!"
"I'm guessing that this brat is worrying beside the fire pool!"
"Actually, it's enough. 29,800 miles. I can guarantee that no one in the Xin Huo inheritance will be able to reach this height, not a single one!"
These Palace Masters were not targeting Luo Zheng. They just relied on their own common sense to make a correct estimation and evaluation of Luo Zheng.
Yun Luo did not speak. It was meaningless to argue. The key was that she was not confident and was even a little worried.
Yun Luo had been to the fire pool formed by the Immortal Flame before. Naturally, it was nothing to her. However, Luo Zheng's cultivation was still there. No matter how hard he tried, it would be difficult for him to cross.
She was afraid that this guy was too stubborn and insisted on entering the fire pool despite knowing that he was not strong enough. It would be bad if he was seriously injured or even died in the fire pool!
Luo Zheng was a fateless person, but it didn't mean that this person's fate was very powerful or that he would not die. It was just that no one could predict his fate …
As for the warriors on the side of the square, although they could not see Luo Zheng's movements, the discussion became even more intense now!
"Luo Zheng must break through 30,000!"
"He's already at 29,800 miles. If he can't break through, it'll be a pity!"
"What do you know? There's a fire pool here. Have you heard of it? Someone investigated the residual power left behind by Celestial Venerable Xuanhuo a few years ago. It's said that even if a Divine Realm warrior touched it, he would be burned to ashes. What do you think Luo Zheng was made of? Do you intend to let him swim through this fire pool? "
Their debate was so intense that it was as if the warrior in the One Thought Sealed Tower was not Luo Zheng, but themselves!
After all, at this stage, it was difficult for them to even look up to Luo Zheng. They would not compare themselves with Luo Zheng. Therefore, during the discussion, some points of view were more objective …
Ai Anxin sat in a corner and pouted like a little girl who had been wronged. No one knew what she was thinking.
At this time, Luo Zheng was indeed standing in front of a huge fire pool.
Although it was called a "pool," the fire pool was actually 200 miles in diameter. It was already comparable to some of the large lakes in the Vast Thousand Domains.
In this fire pool, purple flames soared into the sky, directly cutting through the surrounding nomological storms and entering the dome of the One Thought Sealed Tower, blocking Luo Zheng's path forward.
"I can't understand the nomological power in this flame at all. It's at least a fire nomological law of the fifth level or higher," Luo Zheng murmured.
Luo Zheng understood that this fire nomological law of the fifth level or higher. After all, these nomological storms were the residual power left behind by a Celestial Venerable. The level of nomological laws that a Celestial Venerable could comprehend was not something that Luo Zheng could imagine.
"Moreover, this flame contains the power of the Law of Endless Vitality, and it seems to have fused with the Law of Life …" The Law of Fire represented destruction, and it was contrary to the Law of Life. It was easy to imagine how difficult it was to fuse these two Laws together to create such a flame.
Luo Zheng could control the nomological storms that had been compressed to the extreme to a certain extent, but he could not control the flames in this fire pool!
However, he already had a plan in his heart. The warriors outside the One Thought Sealed Tower were right. Luo Zheng planned to swim over!
In the Vast Thousand Domains, after Luo Zheng's body had been forged into a sacred artifact body, he had not found a suitable flame to calcine it. For Luo Zheng, this fire pool in front of him was not a crisis. Instead, it was an opportunity!
Perhaps he could use this fire pool to improve his physical body again and achieve a divine artifact body!
If his physical body became stronger, the power of the dragon scales that he could bear would increase by another level. This would also be of obvious benefit to the growth of his strength.
However, as he stopped in front of this fire pool, Luo Zheng was a little hesitant.
After all, this fire pool was something left behind by a Celestial Venerable. Perhaps its residual power had weakened countless times over the years, but this purple flame still made Luo Zheng feel afraid.
Could his sacred artifact body withstand the calcination of this purple flame?
Previously, Luo Zheng also understood that his sacred artifact body did not seem to be afraid of any flames. However, this time, the flames he encountered were completely different.
If he did not succeed and was directly burned down, that would be a tragedy …
As he thought of this, Luo Zheng slowly walked to the edge of the fire pool. The closer he got, the more he could feel the blazing heat assaulting his face!
When he was about 30 meters away, Luo Zheng's clothes had already turned into flames. They turned into a pile of white ash and drifted away from his body.
"This flame is the most powerful flame I've ever come into contact with …"
In addition to vigilance, Luo Zheng's eyes also had a trace of expectation. He knew that he was taking a risk, but some dangers had to be taken.