Luo Zheng only stretched out one hand, just to be on the safe side.
If this flame could really burn his body to ashes, he could retreat in time. Losing an arm was better than having his entire body burned to ashes.
However, Luo Zheng's idea was somewhat naive.
The moment he touched the purple flame, the flame spread along Luo Zheng's arm to his entire body. The speed at which it spread was far beyond his imagination. There was simply no room for him to react.
The scorching aura of the flame poured directly into Luo Zheng's body, spreading to every part of Luo Zheng's bones and organs.
"Oh, no …" Luo Zheng's face darkened. He didn't expect the purple flame to be so strange.
At this time, Luo Zheng could only clench his teeth and bear the scorching heat of the purple flame. As for whether he could succeed or not, he could only resign himself to fate.
Compared to the previous time when he was burned by the flame, Luo Zheng's body's reaction this time was many times more intense, and the speed was also many times faster!
Under the scorching heat of the flame, Luo Zheng's body turned red again, like a sculpture that had just been poured out of molten steel!
At the same time, golden whirlpools began to rapidly appear on the surface of his body, and they began to rotate rapidly.
Only when those golden whirlpools began to absorb the purple flame did Luo Zheng's heart finally relax.
His previous worry wasn't because Luo Zheng wasn't confident. It was just that the flame left behind by this Heavenly Venerable was too powerful. Even if his body was as strong as a Sacred Tool, Luo Zheng was afraid that if he casually took out a Sacred Tool and threw it into this pool of flame, it would be instantly melted into molten iron …
Luo Zheng himself didn't expect that the flame would be so fierce, but the reaction speed of his body was also extremely fast!
Since he had already drawn the purple flame to his body, Luo Zheng didn't rush to cross the pool of flame. He wanted to wait for his body to absorb the purple flame first.
At this time, the densely packed golden vortexes were also madly absorbing the purple flames. But soon, Luo Zheng discovered a problem.
The speed at which the golden vortexes absorbed the flames was quite fast. It was not an exaggeration to describe it as' swallowing '. Every time the golden vortexes were activated, they would be able to completely absorb the flames within a short period of time. They were like ferocious beasts that had been starving for a thousand years, and were quite greedy for the flames.
But this time, his physical body had been absorbing for a long time, and not only did the purple flames on his body not disappear, they burned even more fiercely.
From a distance, Luo Zheng looked like a burning pillar of fire. The long tongue of fire rose from Luo Zheng's head and rushed to the top of the One Thought Sealed Tower!
"These purple flames seem to be endless. I can't even absorb them!"
Luo Zheng put his hands in front of his chest and looked at the purple flames that were constantly circling around him. His expression was very serious.
Unexpectedly, Xun's voice rang out faintly. "How could Celestial Venerate Xuanhuo's Indestructible Mysterious Flame be extinguished so easily?"
"Indestructible Mysterious Flame?" Luo Zheng asked in reply.
"Yes, this Indestructible Mysterious Flame is also an item of great origin. Moreover, it was not created by Celestial Venerate Xuanhuo himself. It was taken from the Divine Fire World!" Xun continued.
"Divine Fire World?" Luo Zheng was slightly stunned. He had never heard of this big world. However, he had not ascended for long, so he did not know much about it. It was normal that he did not know much about it.
The Divine Fire World was also an independent big world in the universe.
However, the special thing about this big world was that the whole big world was burning with raging flames. Moreover, there were all kinds of flames in this big world!
This kind of environment was not suitable for living creatures to live in. Only very few creatures that could withstand fire or creatures with special forms could survive here. It could also be said that flames were the original inhabitants of the Divine Fire World!
In fact, whether it was flames or thunderbolts, they would gradually condense into spirits and slowly give birth to intelligence.
Just like the golden wind blades in the storm that Luo Zheng encountered in the Chaotic Astral Ocean, they also had their own intelligence.
The Indestructible Mysterious Flame was very rare in the huge Divine Fire World.
In order to obtain this flame, Celestial Venerate Xuanhuo had personally entered the Divine Fire World and spent almost ten years to capture a wisp of this flame. After that, he had carefully cultivated it to its current scale!
The biggest characteristic of the Indestructible Mysterious Flame was that it could not be extinguished.
Of course, this was relatively speaking. For example, most of the remnant power left behind by the Celestial Venerates in the nomological storm gradually disintegrated into nomological fragments. However, the Indestructible Mysterious Flame was still burning fiercely. Although its power was many times weaker than before, it still could not be extinguished.
Hearing that the Mysterious Flame could not be extinguished, Luo Zheng immediately became anxious.
"This … the Indestructible Mysterious Flame cannot be extinguished. Doesn't that mean it will always burn on my body? How long can it burn for? "Luo Zheng asked.
"This Indestructible Mysterious Flame can burn on your body for at least tens of thousands of years. Hee hee, running around with this flame for tens of thousands of years is also very cool!" Xun laughed.
Looking at the current situation, Luo Zheng's Sacred Artifact body could withstand the burning of the Indestructible Mysterious Flame. After absorbing this Indestructible Mysterious Flame, Luo Zheng's physical body was very likely to take another step forward and complete a new round of transformation.
The problem was that if the flame could not be extinguished, Luo Zheng could not walk around with the flame all over his body, right? He could not even wear clothes.
Moreover, Luo Zheng's Spirit Beast Pouch, Sumeru Ring, and other belongings were still placed not far away …
If he could not extinguish the Indestructible Mysterious Flame, he could not take those things away. The Sumeru Ring that Ning Yudie gave him was not of a high grade. If it was burned by the Indestructible Mysterious Flame, it would probably melt in an instant.
Now, Luo Zheng was completely at a loss.
However, he suddenly felt that something was wrong. He found that Xun's tone was very relaxed …
Xun now supported Luo Zheng almost unconditionally. Since she already knew the characteristics of the Indestructible Mysterious Flame, she should have stopped him when he tried to use the Indestructible Mysterious Flame to refine his body.
However, not only did Xun not stop him, but her tone was also very relaxed. It seemed that Xun had a way to break it?
"Well … Don't tease Luo Zheng anymore. Luo Zheng, you forgot about the Ancestral Dragon. Although it is now in its infancy and has no fighting power, it still has some abilities that can be used." Qinglong's voice sounded faintly.
Ancestral Dragon? Luo Zheng was slightly stunned.
The Ancestral Dragon that had just been born was still in Luo Zheng's Spirit Beast Pouch. However, since he ascended, this guy had been sleeping for a long time. When he was in the Cloud Mist Palace, Luo Zheng let the Ancestral Dragon out for a few rounds occasionally. However, this little guy did not seem to like him very much. Every time he let it out, it seemed to be looking for Xi Youqin's figure.
In fact, the Ancestral Dragon had no interest in eating Xi Youqin's dishes. It only liked the delicious food made by Xi Youqin.
When Qinglong mentioned the Ancestral Dragon, he quickly reacted. This Ancestral Dragon seemed to be able to ignore all the Power of Law!
When Luo Zheng was in the Tian Chen Secret Territory, he was unable to take out the Ancestral Dragon's egg. He had relied on this ability of the Ancestral Dragon to easily break through the restrictions of the spatial refraction. However, Luo Zheng and many Divine Realm experts of the Demi-Immortal Clan were unable to enter the spatial refraction.
"The Ancestral Dragon …"
Looking at the Spirit Beast Pouch, Luo Zheng's eyes flashed with light.
However, he did not reach out to take the Spirit Beast Pouch. Instead, he gently flicked the Spirit Beast Pouch from a distance. With a "Gu Gu" sound, a figure dashed towards Luo Zheng and directly jumped into Luo Zheng's arms.
This little guy had been kept in the Spirit Beast Pouch by Luo Zheng most of the time. Although the space inside the Spirit Beast Pouch was not small, it would still feel suffocated. Therefore, it ran out to get some fresh air.
This time, it jumped up, just like how it ignored the spatial refraction. It did not put Luo Zheng's Indestructible Flame in its eyes. Moreover, this Indestructible Flame did not cause any harm to the Ancestral Dragon!
This guy was immune to all the Power of Law …
At this time, Luo Zheng stretched out his hand in front of the Ancestral Dragon. The raging purple flames on his hands were still burning, showing no signs of weakening.
When the Ancestral Dragon saw this, it understood tacitly. It directly opened its small dragon mouth and swallowed the flames on Luo Zheng's hands …
Not long after, Luo Zheng began to fly across the fire pool. When he flew across the fire pool, he would still be contaminated by the Indestructible Flame. He did not let the Ancestral Dragon clean up the Indestructible Flame on his body. If he wanted to clean up the Indestructible Flame, he would have to cross the two hundred miles first.
At this time, the warriors outside the One Thought Sealed Tower found that Luo Zheng was moving forward again!
(Thank you Jia Shao for the 5K reward. Thank you Xu Guo for the 1K reward. Thank you Tao Lexing for the reward ^ _ ^ Thank you everyone for your monthly votes! It's a bit late, sorry!)
＝＝＝＝＝