"This kid … actually dares to force his way into the fire pool!"
"Even if he touches the Undying Mysterious Flame, it will never be extinguished. Even if his body is burned to ashes, it won't be extinguished! Isn't this kid afraid of dying? "
Luo Zheng had stopped in front of the fire pool for quite some time. Many palace lords didn't think that he would dare to step into the fire pool. In the end, he would still give up!
Facing the Undying Mysterious Flame, giving up was a wise choice. Choosing to continue forward was blind confidence …
These palace lords were all near the sector lord level. How broad was their vision? It was reasonable for him to make such a judgment.
One palace lord said, "Sunset sector lord, shouldn't we forcefully bring that kid back?"
The Sunset sector lord's face revealed a pondering expression. If such a monstrous kid died in the One Thought Sealed Tower, that would be a real pity …
Ai An Xin would definitely be taken into the Spring Fragrance Pavilion.
And this Luo Zheng would very likely be taken in by the Lingyan Pavilion!
Thinking about this, the Sunset sector lord felt that he couldn't sit here and watch the show. He suddenly stood up and prepared to step into the One Thought Sealed Tower.
To a sector lord level existence, one step could cross tens of thousands of miles. It was just a blink of an eye.
But at this time, Yun Luo's voice floated over, "Sunset sector lord, please wait …"
"How is it?" The Sunset sector lord's face revealed a strange expression.
"For now, there's no need to bring Luo Zheng out. He … won't die." Yun Luo's expression was calm as she said.
Just now, Yun Luo was indeed a bit worried about Luo Zheng. The judgement of these palace lords was reasonable. Yun Luo himself could also predict the situation when Luo Zheng stepped into the fire pool.
But after thinking about it, Yun Luo's confidence gradually rose. Luo Zheng wasn't a blind person. Since he chose to continue forward, he naturally had his own reasons and confidence.
The judgement of these palace lords was reasonable, but Luo Zheng wasn't a reasonable person to begin with!
After Yun Luo spoke, the Sunset sector lord stopped his steps. He actually also wanted to see if Luo Zheng could cross the fire pool …
However, the Palace Masters were no longer worried.
This was because they discovered that Luo Zheng was still maintaining a fast speed in the pool of fire.
The entire Fire Pool only covered an area of two hundred miles.
Luo Zheng's speed wasn't slow, so it wouldn't take him too much time to pass through it.
After about half an hour, one of the Palace Masters said in a daze, "He went over …"
"He's already broken the great limit of thirty thousand miles. This kid's speed is increasing again!"
"30,500 li!"
Then, the Palace Masters fell silent. The other genius warriors on the other side of the square also fell silent.
Ai Anxin was speechless …
Master said that she would be the main character of this great era, the darling of this era.
But now, compared to Luo Zheng, she already paled in comparison …
She lowered her head and took off a blue butterfly hair ornament from her head. She kept rubbing it in her palm.
The butterfly hair ornament was lifelike. It was a second-grade auxiliary divine tool. This blue butterfly was also an item with a great origin. Ai Anxin always hung it on her hair above her right ear.
When she was nervous, Ai Anxin liked to clench her fists. When she was depressed or frustrated, she liked to rub some of the small ornaments on her body.
This second-grade divine tool, under Ai Anxin's pair of jade-like hands, cracks began to appear on it.
As she continued to rub it, she heard a small cracking sound. The miniature divine patterns on the butterfly's wings began to shatter one by one. The entire butterfly hair ornament started to break into two pieces from the middle. Then, under her fingers, it turned into countless pieces.
The price of a second-grade divine tool wasn't cheap. It wasn't easy to destroy it. She obviously used her true energy to destroy this butterfly hair ornament.
When the pieces in Ai Anxin's hand turned into powder, she suddenly raised her head. Her beautiful eyes were filled with a strong aura!
"I, Ai Anxin, have indeed lost for a while. But in the next segment, I won't lose to you, Luo Zheng!" She whispered.
The Torch Flame Inheritance wasn't only the segment of One Thought Sealed Tower. This time, Ai Anxin had lost to Luo Zheng. But after adjusting her state of mind, Ai Anxin wasn't discouraged in the slightest!
It was just that the price she paid to adjust her state of mind was a bit high. She had destroyed a second-grade divine tool and crushed the butterfly hair ornament into dust. But thinking about those geniuses who were unable to recover from the setback, Ai Anxin's heart of martial arts was already extremely valiant!
While everyone was silent, Luo Zheng continued to break through.
31,000 li ….
32,000 li ….
33,000 li ….
….
Now, everyone no longer set an upper limit to the distance Luo Zheng could reach. No one could predict when he would stop.
Only when Luo Zheng sprinted to 36,000 li did Luo Zheng stop!
Because here, Luo Zheng saw a waterfall formed by thunder and lightning!
This thunder and lightning was wrapped in the power of the Law of Water. This thunder and lightning was like a huge waterfall flowing down from above.
As it flowed down, the violent power of thunder and lightning intertwined and collided with each other, blossoming with dazzling light. The power it emitted was even more intense than the fire pool from before. This should be the "masterpiece" of an Empyrean.
After reaching this point, Luo Zheng finally stopped.
Maybe Luo Zheng still had a chance to pass through this waterfall of thunder and lightning, but Luo Zheng didn't need to take this risk.
Challenging one's limits might be important, but if one didn't know what was right or wrong and rushed forward without any assurance, such a martial artist was doomed to not live for long.
Previously, he dared to pass through the fire pool because he had absolute confidence in the characteristics of his body. He could easily resist the attack of the Law of Fire. With this assurance, Luo Zheng only needed to grit his teeth and rush forward.
But Luo Zheng didn't have much resistance to the power of thunder and lightning.
Therefore, Luo Zheng summoned the Ancestral Dragon and began to let it completely devour the Law of Fire on his body!
After passing through the fire pool, Luo Zheng didn't put the Ancestral Dragon into the Spirit Beast Pouch. Instead, he let it accompany him as he flew.
In any case, this little guy seemed to completely ignore the Law of Fire and could freely soar in this storm.
This time, he borrowed the Inextinguishable Profound Flame to burn his body. Luo Zheng wasn't in a hurry to extinguish the Inextinguishable Profound Flame. Since those golden whirlpools were constantly absorbing the Inextinguishable Profound Flame, then he would absorb it to his heart's content.
At present, those golden whirlpools gradually began to close. Luo Zheng would naturally get rid of the Inextinguishable Profound Flame. Otherwise, as Xun said, if he really walked out with the Inextinguishable Profound Flame, it would indeed look very cool, but it would be too shocking.
After the Ancestral Dragon completely devoured the Inextinguishable Profound Flame, this guy seemed to be full. He rolled in the air, even burped, and protruded a ball of flame …
Then, Luo Zheng stretched out his hand toward the Ancestral Dragon.
Accompanied by a "gu gu" sound, Luo Zheng stuffed it back into the Spirit Beast Pouch. The Ancestral Dragon seemed to be very dissatisfied. It even bumped around in the Spirit Beast Pouch for a while before it calmed down.
As the Inextinguishable Profound Flame gradually extinguished, Luo Zheng's originally red body, which looked like it was made of molten steel, began to gradually cool down.
After this round of calcining, Luo Zheng's entire body increased by another level. Luo Zheng looked at his chest. It seemed that no divine patterns had appeared. He couldn't determine what level his body was at, or what grade of divine tool it was. He could only slowly verify it in the future.
However, the strength of Luo Zheng's body had indeed increased by a large margin!
Thinking of this, Luo Zheng suddenly began to condense the power of the dragon scales!
The surging power of the dragon scales rapidly poured into his body.
One thousand …
Three thousand …
Five thousand …
Ten thousand …
Fifteen thousand …
Luo Zheng lit up all the power of the dragon scales. However, Luo Zheng didn't feel anything strange in his body. The only feeling he had was that his body was filled with surging power!
He clenched his fist. Under the slight vibration of the enormous power, the surrounding space was distorted!