Collecting the Sky Evolution Essence was not a particularly difficult task for Luo Zheng now.
Previously, he had been restricted by his body as a Divine Artifact. Now, he no longer had this concern.
His body had already become a Divine Artifact. Although he did not know what grade of Divine Artifact it was, it could definitely hold more than 10,000 dragon scales.
Thinking of this, Luo Zheng suddenly patted his head.
If his body continued to strengthen, would it step into the ranks of Divine Artifacts?
It was said that the Universal Myriad Spirit Stele was very special. Although the Karma Law it contained was not helpful in battle, it could sniff out all the divine weapons in the universe.
If his fleshly body was strengthened to that extent, would his name appear on the Universal Myriad Spirit Stele?
For Luo Zheng, this was not a small problem. He did not want to expose his special constitution in front of others.
Thus, Luo Zhengcai voiced out his worries …
As a result, Xun and Qinglong made the same judgment at the same time. This was very likely!
Although Luo Zheng's body looked like a body of flesh and blood, its essence had been changed by the Divine Fire Cauldron. To put it bluntly, in many aspects, it was a body of a Magic Treasure.
It could be said that he was half human and half Magic Treasure.
However, this situation had never happened in the universe. Xun and Qinglong only thought it was possible, but they could not be sure whether his name would appear on the Chaotic Myriad Spirit Stele.
…
Luo Zheng stopped in front of the Lightning Waterfall. The Palace Masters, including the Sunset Realm Lord and Yun Luo, almost thought that he was going to walk through the Lightning Waterfall.
At this time, even Yun Luo began to feel nervous. If Luo Zheng was really going to do this, she might go in personally to bring Luo Zheng out.
However, after pausing for a while at the 36,000-mile mark, Luo Zheng voluntarily gave up. After choosing to give up, he appeared at the entrance of the One Thought Sealed Tower.
At this time, Luo Zheng had experienced the burning of the Mysterious Fire, and his whole body had improved to another level. Because his clothes were burned, he took out a spare set of clothes. It was a set of white clothes, and he looked very energetic.
Many martial artists returned from One Thought Sealed Pagoda. If they were not injured, they were covered in dirt. This Luo Zheng had entered 36,000 miles, which was twice as deep as Empyrean Mirage Sea and 8000 miles further than Ai Anxin. The dangers within were not hard to imagine for the martial artists of the Thirteen Palaces.
But this guy looked perfectly fine, as if he had just returned from a vacation.
Many martial artists were speechless, and even more martial artists were indignant. The disparity between martial artists was too great. Could this Luo Zheng have used some method to cheat in the One Thought Sealed Tower?
But with so many Palace Masters and even Sector Lords watching, the possibility of cheating was too small. They could only think about it and at least comfort their hearts.
"Luo Zheng, come up." Yun Luo's clear voice sounded again.
Luo Zheng nodded. With a kick of his legs, he flew up to the top of the building. His eyes met with Ai Anxin's first.
If Luo Zheng had come out a little earlier, Ai Anxin would not have adjusted her state of mind and would have fiercely glared at Luo Zheng. But after adjusting herself, she smiled naturally and said, "Congratulations!"
Luo Zheng nodded slightly and turned his face to Yun Luo. Ai Anxin still stared at Luo Zheng and said in her heart, "Congratulations are congratulations, but it's not like there's no chance to win back …"
On the other side, Yun Luo smiled faintly at Luo Zheng and said, "I believe that no one will be able to achieve this result in the future. You did not disappoint me. Congratulations!"
"Thank you." Luo Zheng smiled and said.
At this time, Yun Luo looked at the Sunset Sector Lord and introduced him to Luo Zheng, "This is the Sunset Sector Lord. He promised that there would be different rewards for reaching 20,000 miles and 30,000 miles!"
"There's a reward?" Luo Zheng's heart suddenly jumped.
Previously, he only heard that there were rewards for reaching 1,000 miles, 3,000 miles, and 10,000 miles. Naturally, he did not know about the latter. Moreover, Luo Zheng did his best to reach 36,000 miles, not for any reward.
But if there was a reward, and it was the Great Sector Lord's reward, Luo Zheng would certainly not refuse …
Since the Sunset Sector Lord had made this promise, he naturally would not go back on his words. The Great Sector Lord looked up and down at Luo Zheng and smiled slightly. "Young man, I did promise these two rewards, but the 30,000 miles reward was forced out by Yun Luo. But I have already thought about it. First, let's talk about the 20,000 miles reward. What do you want?"
"What do I want?"
Hearing this, Luo Zheng's eyes flashed slightly. He already had an answer in his heart.
"A spear. I want a spear!" Luo Zheng said.
"A spear?" Ai Anxin could not help but ask, "What do you want a spear for? Don't you use a sword? Do you still know how to use a spear? "
Luo Zheng wanted a spear naturally because of Xun. Now that her Sword Spirit Body had strengthened, Xun's soul had recovered by more than half, but she did not have a suitable weapon right now.
Originally, Luo Zheng wanted to enter the Divine Weapon Hall to help Xun choose a spear, but he was restricted by the fact that he did not have enough Zhen Yuanyu …
Yun Luo naturally understood. The Yao Ye Clan's King of Massacre's weapon was a spear. Luo Zheng's weapon was to help Xun. He had found the right person this time!
"Haha." The Sunset Great Realm Lord laughed out loud.
Luo Zheng looked at the Sunset Sector Lord with a strange expression.
The Sunset Sector Lord said, "What a coincidence. I also use a spear as a weapon!"
After saying this, several rays of light shot out from behind the Sunset Sector Lord like dragons emerging from the sea. They floated in front of Luo Zheng.
"You can choose from these four spears." The Sunset Sector Lord said indifferently with a proud expression.
Since he was a cultivator who used a spear, he naturally had many good spears. These four spears were of different colors and lengths, but each spear emitted a different aura. They were definitely not ordinary.
When Yun Luo saw the four spears, she smiled and said, "I'm afraid the Sunset Sector Lord has more than these few good spears."
"Hehe." The Sunset Sector Lord smiled faintly, "Indeed, these four spears can all be listed in the Universe Thousand Spirit Stele. However, I still have two grade one divine weapons. They can also be ranked in the top 4000 on the Universe Thousand Spirit Stele, second only to the supreme divine weapons. But if Luo Zheng chooses that spear, I'm afraid I won't be able to give you the thirty thousand mile reward …"
A grade one divine weapon that could be listed in the top 4000 was a high divine weapon. The top 3000 on the Universe Thousand Spirit Stele were all supreme divine weapons.
Yun Luo asked Luo Zheng, "If you choose that spear, the Sunset Sector Lord will have to use two rewards to exchange for it!"
Luo Zheng had to make the decision himself.
However, at this time, Xun said indifferently, "Luo Zheng, you don't need to use two rewards to exchange for it."
Luo Zheng was still a little hesitant. Xun was now a powerful fighting force to Luo Zheng. If he could give her a better spear, Luo Zheng wouldn't hesitate. As for one or two rewards, he didn't care.
However, Xun said, "No need, I just want the black spear on the far right."
Since Xun didn't want to use it, Luo Zheng couldn't force her. He nodded and said to the Sunset Sector Lord, "No need, I just want this spear!"
After speaking, Luo Zheng pointed at the white spear on the far right.
"Oh?" The Sunset Sector Lord's face flashed with a trace of surprise, "You seem to have studied spears? Or did someone else teach you? "After speaking, he looked at Yun Luo.
These four spears were all ranked in the top 9000 on the Universe Thousand Spirit Stele. However, there was a slight difference between the top and bottom. The Cold Plum Ancient Blood Spear was ranked the highest. It was now ranked 9036.
However, the Universal Myriad Spirit Stele would be refreshed every month. The words on the stele would change, and the ranking would also constantly change. The lower the ranking of the treasures, the greater the fluctuations in the ranking. However, the Cold Plum Ancient Blood Spear was much more outstanding than the other three spears.
Luo Zheng saw this spear and thought that Yun Luo was teaching Luo Zheng.