This was the truth. Although others couldn't hear Zhen Yuan transmissions, they could feel it.
How sensitive was the Sunset Realm Lord to Zhen Yuan?
Just now, Yun Luo didn't sense any Zhen Yuan fluctuations.
The Sunset Realm Lord nodded, revealing a look of admiration. Many times, a martial artist's insight was very important.
He reached out his hand and lightly flicked the Cold Plum Ancient Blood Spear. The white spear spun and shot toward Luo Zheng.
Luo Zheng grabbed the Cold Plum Ancient Blood Spear and sized it up. He discovered that there were faint plum blossom patterns on the spear shaft.
A strand of primal chaos Qi burst out from his palm and quietly entered the Cold Plum Ancient Blood Spear!
In the next moment, the plum blossoms on the spear shaft gradually revealed themselves, turning into blood-colored plum blossoms. Under the blossoming of the blood-colored light, the spear was bright and glistening. At the same time, it revealed a boundless and ancient aura. This Cold Plum Ancient Blood Spear had the words' Ancient Blood 'on it.
"Eh? Your Zhen Yuan … why is it so condensed? The color of the activated plum blossoms is so gorgeous! "The Sunset Realm Lord's face flickered with a strange expression.
As a Realm Lord, the Zhen Yuan he condensed was many times more condensed than the Zhen Yuan of a Life and Death Realm kid. However, he still couldn't activate the Ancient Blood to this extent. How did Luo Zheng do it?
Unless Luo Zheng had a strand of Ancient Blood in his body and could interact with the Ancient Blood in the spear, it would be impossible.
However, the Sunset Realm Lord couldn't sense any Ancient Blood from Luo Zheng's body. This made the Sunset Realm Lord very puzzled …
However, every genius more or less had their own secrets. For example, Luo Zheng was able to fly thirty-six thousand miles with his physical body. It was already difficult to guess what kind of ability he used to travel such a long distance, so he wouldn't ask about it.
The other Palace Lords looked at the spear in Luo Zheng's hand with a faint trace of envy.
The main weapons in the hands of these Palace Masters were about the same grade as Luo Zheng's spear. However, Luo Zheng was able to obtain such a powerful weapon at his cultivation level. How could they not be envious?
"Sunset Sector Lord, what's the reward for traversing thirty thousand miles?" Yun Luo seized the opportunity to interject.
The Sunset Realm Lord chuckled and said, "After the Torch Flame Inheritance is over, I will naturally tell Luo Zheng!"
Unlike the Exquisite Pagoda of the Demi-Immortal Tribe, the Torch Flame Inheritance was a pure trial. This trial was divided into two parts. The first part was naturally the One Thought Seal Tower, and the second part was the Dream Challenge.
After Luo Zheng and Ai Anxin descended from the roof, they joined the group of warriors.
Luo Zheng found a corner and sat down. Ai Anxin also sat beside Luo Zheng.
Many warriors of the Thirteen Palaces suddenly remembered why Ai Anxin only allowed Luo Zheng to sit beside her when they were comprehending the Law Stone Inscriptions.
After understanding this, they sighed in their hearts. Indeed, there were not many people in the younger generation who were qualified to sit beside Ai Anxin. Luo Zheng must be one of them …
At this time, the linen-clothed old man floated in the air, and an old voice leisurely sounded.
"Warriors of the Thirteen Palaces will enter the Dream Space next! Soon, the Dream Battlefield will open. This trial in the Dream Space will be a preview of the Dream Battlefield. Everyone, work hard! "
After saying this, the linen-clothed old man walked in front to lead the way, and the warriors of the Thirteen Palaces got up and followed behind him.
Ai Anxin's face was as calm as water, but there was an uncontrollable excitement in her heart!
She had already lost the One Thought Seal Tower.
However, she must win the next trial in the Dream Space!
It was an extremely difficult thing for Ai Xin to compromise and admit defeat wholeheartedly. After confirming her fate, the effort she put in was ten times that of other martial artists!
In this great battle, she was not willing to only be a supporting role. Perhaps, Luo Zheng was an obstacle arranged by God for her. Otherwise, how could there be such a coincidence that Luo Zheng appeared, and he was even more monstrous than her!
I will definitely surpass you!
Looking at Luo Zheng's back, Ai Anxin's eyes flashed. Her strong determination made her unconsciously exude a decisive aura, causing the other warriors to look at her.
Only Luo Zheng did not look back. He walked in front of Ai Anxin with his head held high, but the corners of his mouth were slightly curved.
The Dream Space on Changsu Island was built in an ancient palace, and it was not far from the One Thought Seal Tower. Everyone quickly arrived at their destination.
"Two hundred people will form a group! Enter the Dream Space to accept the trial. "After the plain-clothed old man finished speaking, he took out a list of names. With a light stroke of his finger, the names of two hundred warriors appeared on the list.
Then, one by one, golden names appeared above everyone's head.
The warriors who saw their names stepped out one after another. With a flash of their bodies, they entered the ancient palace.
Then, they sat down cross-legged …
Luo Zheng had only entered the Dream Space once, so he knew that after they sat down, they placed a complete mirror image of themselves into the Dream Space.
At this time, Luo Zheng looked at Ai Anxin beside him.
Ai Anxin took the initiative to ask, "What do you want to ask? Have you never entered the Dream Space before? "
She already knew that Luo Zheng was an Ascender, and he had only ascended for a short time. The possibility of him not entering the Dream Space was relatively high.
Luo Zheng shook his head and said, "I've been there once. What I want to ask is, what is the Dream Realization Battlefield?"
Ai Anxin smiled gently, "The Dream Realization Battlefield will open in a few years!"
"Then what will happen after it opens?" Luo Zheng asked.
"It's very simple. The Dream Realization Battlefield will be filled with all the geniuses in the universe. The successors of various Realm Lords, Heavenly Venerables, and some hidden peerless geniuses will all participate." Ai Anxin smiled and said, "Actually, I haven't seen it either. Or rather, not a single living being in this Evolution Era has seen it!"
"Not even a single living being in this Evolution Era has seen it?" Luo Zheng was slightly shocked.
An Evolution Era was 3.6 billion years. It was said that the end of an Evolution Era was often accompanied by a great extinction.
Countless living beings in the universe would be annihilated and reshuffled. After the next Evolution Era, they would slowly blossom with vitality …
This universe was an Evolution Era, and the cycle of an Evolution Era was endless. No one knew how many Evolution Eras it had gone through.
When an Evolution Era ended, even the Heavenly Dao would collapse. For example, Luo Zheng's Heavenly Dao fragment was a fragment of the Heavenly Dao from the previous Evolution Era.
Only an extremely small number of peerless powerhouses could survive from the previous Evolution Era to the next Evolution Era, breaking through the great extinction limit.
"What's so strange about it? It is said that the Dream Realization Battlefield was originally opened with the Battle of the Great Eras. Or perhaps, the Dream Realization Battlefield is the prelude to the Battle of the Great Eras!" Ai Anxin felt that all of this was common knowledge, but he still needed to explain it to Luo Zheng.
"I understand." Luo Zheng nodded.
Now, everyone's attention was on the trial in the ancient palace.
Under the arrangement of the linen-clothed old man, there were people who hung up rows of letter tablets, allowing others to investigate the situation in the ancient palace.
200 people entered the Dream Realization Space at the same time. It was definitely not for everyone to compete.
When the letter tablets were hung up, Luo Zheng could clearly see that after these martial artists entered the Dream Realization Space, they were constantly accepting challenge after challenge!
Soon, some martial artists were eliminated. Their projections died in the Dream Realization Space, and their true bodies opened their eyes, dejectedly walking out of the ancient palace.
As time went on, the difficulty of the challenge would increase, and more and more people would leave.
The last person persisted for 11 rounds of challenges before his projection died in the Dream Realization Space. When he opened his eyes, he discovered that he was the only one left in the ancient palace, and his face naturally revealed a proud expression.
After all 200 people left the ancient palace, the linen-clothed old man shook his head. "The best result in this round was only 11 rounds of challenges. Too bad, too bad …"
Obviously, the linen-clothed old man's evaluation of these 200 people was not high. He did not even mention the name of the first place.
＝＝＝＝＝