"The second batch!"
The old man stretched out his hand and drew on the list again, circling two hundred names.
As the names floated out, the martial artists who saw their own names entered the ancient palace one after another.
The vast majority of martial artists could survive the first six rounds of the challenge in the illusory space.
After the sixth round, the difficulty would increase, and martial artists would constantly die and be eliminated from the illusory space.
Seventh round, eighth round, ninth round, tenth round …
As the difficulty increased, more and more martial artists were eliminated.
However, among the second batch of martial artists, there were a few who were more eye-catching.
For example, the martial artist surnamed Li persisted until the nineteenth round before being eliminated!
This time, the old man was somewhat satisfied and said, "Among this batch of martial artists, Li You Ran persisted until the nineteenth round. Not bad!"
A faint smile appeared on Li You Ran's face, but his gaze indifferently swept over Luo Zheng and Ai Anxin. Geniuses who could enter the thirteen palaces were all very conceited after all.
Before participating in the Torch Flame Inheritance, Li You Ran had been very confident in his own strength. However, in the One Thought Seal Tower, this Li cultivator had been defeated by Luo Zheng and Ai Anxin!
Even though he knew that it would be very difficult for him to obtain the first place, he never imagined that the gap between him and the two would be so large …
The trial in the dreamland wasn't a competition of endurance. Instead, it was a competition of strength. He wondered how strong Luo Zheng and Ai Anxin were.
Luo Zheng was only at the fifth level of Life and Death realm, while Ai Anxin was a woman … His mind was filled with distracting thoughts, and he naturally did not want them to surpass him.
"The third batch!"
Luo Zheng looked at the names in the air one after another, but still could not find his name.
Ai Anxin also did not see her name. She took off her heart-shaped earring and gently kneaded it in her palm. This time, she did not use too much strength and crushed the earring.
However, in the third batch of martial artists, there was Xue Muyang from the thirteen palaces.
Xue Muyang had suffered a lot of injuries in the One Thought Seal Tower, but after the treatment just now, he had recovered a lot.
Two hundred people entered the ancient palace, and the martial artists quickly took their positions and projected themselves into the illusory space …
Endless slaughter, endless elimination …
Among this group of martial artists, the one with the best performance was still Xue Muyang. If they were ranked according to the results of the One Thought Sealed Tower, Xue Muyang would be ranked in the top three.
Although his radiance was completely overshadowed by Luo Zheng and Ai Anxin, there were still many martial artists who thought highly of him.
But the result was shocking. In the end, he only lasted until the seventeenth round.
As the number one warrior of the Misty Cloud Palace, he had only lasted until the seventeenth round. This result was a little bad.
When he left the ancient palace, Xue Muyang appeared somewhat dejected. Luo Zheng could not help but shake his head when he saw Xue Muyang's appearance. Although Xue Muyang was stubborn, he had placed his stubbornness on others and relied on others to strengthen his own beliefs. In the end, it was not reliable, and his foundation could be easily shaken.
As for Yun Luo, her expression was indifferent and she had no reaction to this.
The fourth batch …
The fifth batch …
The sixth batch …
Just like this, one batch after another, Luo Zheng and Ai Anxin's names were still not circled.
Luo Zheng was a little confused. It seemed that the linen-clothed old man had done this deliberately. He most likely wanted to arrange for him to be in the last batch, and Ai Anxin should be in the same batch as him.
There were more than four thousand martial artists. Although two hundred people entered the ancient palace in one go, it would probably be more than twenty batches later when it was their turn.
Ai Anxin could roughly see it, so she no longer raised her head to look for her name.
As more and more martial artists entered the Illusory Space, there were also some very amazing results.
Previously, some martial artists might have only walked seven to eight thousand miles in the One Thought Sealed Tower, or even four to five thousand miles, but in the end, they obtained good results.
After all, the One Thought Sealed Tower tested a martial artist's patience and comprehension of the laws.
Combat strength was linked to these things, but some martial artists' strength could not be displayed in the storm of laws.
Because of this, there was a relatively big change in the rankings. Several martial artists of the Heavenly Palaces obtained excellent results, such as the Guanghan Heavenly Palace, Flourishing Golden Heavenly Palace, and other Heavenly Palaces, who obtained good results in twenty rounds.
The Palace Masters of these Heavenly Palaces naturally felt proud and elated.
It was only when they inadvertently glanced at Luo Zheng and Ai Anxin that they felt a little unhappy. These two monstrous little guys had not appeared yet, so the final result was really hard to say.
After several hours, it was finally the last batch's turn!
The last batch of martial artists could not be gathered. There were two hundred and sixty-three people in total.
The remaining martial artists knew that it was their turn even without the linen-clothed old man calling their names.
However, when the linen-clothed old man drew those names, Luo Zheng and Ai Anxin still did not find their names.
What was going on? Luo Zheng's face was full of astonishment.
Ai Anxin also tilted her head, her face full of confusion.
The linen-clothed old man in midair seemed to have noticed their expressions, so he said, "You two are at the end!"
"Is this necessary …" Luo Zheng's face revealed an expression of not knowing whether to laugh or cry. As for the linen-clothed old man, he had a very willful expression and insisted that Luo Zheng and Ai Anxin be at the end.
The other 161 people entered the ancient palace one after another to undergo the trial.
At this time, on the other side of Changsu Island, in front of that huge rock …
After Luo Zheng left, a crack appeared on those large characters on the boulder.
The cracking speed was very, very slow.
Four hours after Luo Zheng left, two cracks also appeared on the other two big characters …
The cracking speed was constantly increasing. In these two days, countless cracks had already appeared on those big characters carved by Heavenly Venerable Yi Jian in the past!
The two Extreme God Realm martial artists, in these two days and two nights, also stared at what was happening in front of them without blinking.
They had endured tens of thousands of years, so what was two days and two nights?
However, these two days and two nights were as long as a thousand or ten thousand years to Old Chen and Old Xu.
They didn't know what Luo Zheng had done, but at least he had triggered the big characters left behind by Heavenly Venerable Yi Jian. This meant that the mystery left behind by Heavenly Venerable Yi Jian was very likely to be unraveled.
It was very likely that this mystery didn't exist. This result would be a fatal blow to the two of them, and they might even die on the spot!
However, if this mystery was unraveled, they would only need to comprehend 10% or 20% of it to benefit immensely!
The two of them weren't very talented. Even if they worked hard, they would only be able to get the position of Deputy City Lord in a tenth-rank Holy Land of a Great Realm.
Martial artists who were willing to comprehend here were generally divided into two types. One type was extremely talented and believed that they could comprehend the mystery left behind by Heavenly Venerable Yi Jian. The other type was like Old Chen and Old Xu, who had ordinary talent but weren't willing to be mediocre for the rest of their lives.
Therefore, these two days were the most important days of their lives for them.
More and more cracks appeared, and the characters began to slowly peel off. They slid down the stone wall and fell to the ground, smashing into pieces.
Every time a fragment fell, Old Chen would be the first to rush up and collect the stone fragments like they were precious treasures. As he collected them like this, the fragments piled up into a small mountain.
He had also investigated these fragments. They were just ordinary stones without anything special about them. However, they had stared at these things for tens of thousands of years. Even stones were considered treasures …
When the last fragment fell off, all the words on the huge stone wall were peeled off, leaving only a few rows of irregular words on the edge.
There was no reaction, nor was there any mystery …
Old Xu's face revealed a bitter smile. "From now on, we can be free."