After spending so much time and effort, all they got in the end was nothing. How big of a blow was this?
The two of them had a crazed look on their faces. They were almost unable to control themselves …
But at this moment, a bit of white mist suddenly appeared on the stone wall. A thin layer of mist spread out along the stone wall.
In the beginning, this layer of white mist was very light. If one didn't look carefully, they wouldn't be able to see it clearly. The two of them sat on the ground, venting their uncontrollable emotions, but they didn't see it.
As the white mist became thicker and thicker, it gradually became more conspicuous.
Old Chen lay on the ground, looking at the sky and laughing miserably. Old Xu, on the other hand, was looking at the stone wall. His crazed smile froze on his face, and his eyes were filled with astonishment.
Old Chen felt that something was wrong with Old Xu and asked, "What's wrong …"
Old Xu stared blankly at the stone wall. He pointed at the white mist and said, "What, what is that?"
Old Chen quivered when he heard this. He suddenly flipped over and stared intently at the stone wall. Soon after, his eyes suddenly revealed a bright glow. A wild joy immediately surfaced on his face.
"This, this is … the sword cloud left behind by Heavenly Venerable Bright Sword! This, this … this is … "Old Chen was so excited that he couldn't even speak clearly.
Old Xu's face was also filled with excitement. His mouth was slightly open, and his whole body was frozen in place …
The white mist in front of them seemed to be slowly drifting out from the boulder. The mist contained moisture, which caused the boulder to become wet.
However, the speed at which the mist condensed was very slow. It took a while for a thin layer to appear. Although Old Chen deduced that this was a sword cloud, he couldn't see its shape for the time being. He could only wait for the mist to condense a little more …
At this moment, Luo Zheng naturally didn't know what was going on outside the Torch Flame Inheritance.
Now, all the cultivators had finished the test — except for Luo Zheng and Ai Anxin.
Since the linen-clothed old man had arranged it this way, Luo Zheng and Ai Anxin didn't have any objections. After the old man circled the last two names, the two of them stepped into the ancient palace.
After a short moment, Luo Zheng entered the Illusory Space …
This Illusory Space seemed to be filled with mist. It was like a paradise on earth, giving people an illusory feeling.
Amidst the mist, there were several circular stone platforms. There were a total of two hundred stone platforms, so each time, they could accommodate two hundred people to undergo the trial at the same time.
Luo Zheng stood in the center of one of the stone platforms. He glanced around and looked at a stone platform not far from his right. Although there was a thick layer of clouds, he could still see a blurry silhouette on the stone platform.
......................
...............................
When the clouds dissipated, Ai Anxin smiled and faced Luo Zheng with a pale green sword in his hand.
......................
. Ai Anxin liked to collect all kinds of hair ornaments. Therefore, she often wore all kinds of beautiful hair ornaments on her head.
But now, she had taken off all of her hair accessories, and her perfectly straight black hair fluttered in the wind, reaching a length of ten feet …
She slowly raised the azure sword. Facing Luo Zheng, she suddenly said loudly, "This time, I will be more serious!"
It wasn't that Ai Anxin wasn't serious in the One Thought Sealed Tower. She didn't use all of her strength. She thought that twenty-eight thousand li was enough. Except for her, no one else could reach this distance.
But the result proved that her idea was laughable. Luo Zheng not only broke through twenty-eight thousand li, but he also left Ai Anxin behind!
This time, she wouldn't give Luo Zheng another chance.
The linen-clothed old man deliberately arranged this. Maybe he saw that Ai Anxin didn't use all of her strength, or maybe it was the Sunset Realm Lord's suggestion, so he made this arrangement.
There were only the two of them in the Illusory Space. They were very close to each other. She could observe Luo Zheng's progress at any time. This time, she wouldn't give Luo Zheng another chance!
"You can begin!" The linen-clothed old man's voice came from outside the Illusory Space. "Step on the round plate under your feet. You can start the trial."
At this time, the Sunset Realm Lord, all the Palace Masters, Vice Palace Masters, and the warriors who finished the trial were staring at the two people on the letter tablets.
Luo Zheng looked at his feet and saw that there were many round plates in the center of the stone platform. Each of the round plates had different numbers written on them. The first round plate under Luo Zheng's feet had the number "One" written on it. Clearly, stepping on this round plate would start the first round of the trial.
Without hesitation, Luo Zheng took a step forward and stepped on the plate.
When Ai Anxin saw this scene, the corners of her mouth curled up slightly. She turned her head and her astonishingly long black hair fluttered in the air. It was as if someone had used a brush to draw a line in the air. She also used the tip of her foot to lightly touch the first plate.
The first round of the Illusory Space had begun.
Around the stone platform, a circle of heavily armored soldiers with heavy helmets appeared.
Seeing these soldiers, Luo Zheng's eyes were filled with indifference. He took the Thunder Wind Divine Sword in his hand. He didn't use the sword's ability. Facing these soldiers who surrounded him, Luo Zheng's longsword slashed horizontally. Under the sword's light, the soldiers were cut into pieces in an instant.
After cutting up a batch, another circle of soldiers appeared. However, just as Luo Zheng appeared, his figure flashed slightly and those soldiers were cut into pieces again.
After three consecutive waves, the first round of the Illusory Space trial was passed.
This speed wasn't slow. From the beginning of the first round to the end, it only took ten breaths of time. However, when Luo Zheng passed the first round, he looked to the right and saw Ai Anxin's long hair dragging on the ground. She tilted her head and looked at him. It seemed that her speed was faster.
Luo Zheng smiled slightly and stepped on the "two" word to start the second round.
The first few rounds of the Illusory Space trial were relatively simple. The weakest warriors of the Thirteen Palaces could pass the sixth round. Very few people would be eliminated in the seventh round.
Now, Luo Zheng didn't hesitate. After the second round began, his speed increased. The longsword in his hand quickly cut up the white-robed warriors who surrounded him.
"Whoosh whoosh whoosh …"
Compared to the first round of soldiers, these white-robed warriors were slightly stronger. However, they still couldn't cause any trouble for Luo Zheng.
After ten breaths of time, Luo Zheng passed the second round.
However, when Luo Zheng passed the second round, he found that Ai Anxin was still standing in the same place. Her long hair was spread on the ground, and she was staring at him with a faint smile.
Luo Zheng's face revealed a look of surprise. He originally thought that passing the second round in ten breaths of time was already very fast. He didn't expect Ai Anxin to be faster than him.
Ai Anxin said from a distance, "You're so slow."
Luo Zheng shrugged his shoulders and turned around to step on the third round plate.
This time, a circle of Brass Armored Warriors appeared around the platform.
However, this time, he didn't rush to deal with these Brass Armored Warriors. Instead, he continued to lock his eyes on Ai Anxin. He wanted to see how Ai Anxin was able to achieve this speed.
Ai Anxin also started the third round of the Illusory Space trial. The moment the Brass Armored Warriors appeared, Ai Anxin gently lifted her sword. After noticing Luo Zheng's gaze, she smiled sweetly. The pale cyan longsword vibrated, and all the Brass Armored Warriors trembled violently. Then, the Brass Armored Warriors directly exploded, and all the Brass Armored Warriors disappeared from the Illusory Space in an instant.
"This attack method …" Luo Zheng was slightly stunned. He didn't know how Ai Anxin did it. However, with this method, it was no wonder that she could pass the trial so quickly.