For Luo Zheng and Ai Anxin, the first few rounds of the trial weren't difficult at all.
However, the spectators outside were gauging their strength based on the speed at which they killed …
"Luo Zheng is still slightly weaker. Although his speed is naturally extremely fast compared to other warriors, he can't catch up to Ai Anxin at all."
"Does the speed of this matter have any meaning? I believe that Luo Zheng can do it too, but there's no need for that … "
"It's still somewhat meaningful. Speed and strength are directly proportional. Some martial artists will slow down after passing the fifth round, and it will be difficult for them to endure the sixth round. Those who barely pass the seventh round will eventually stop at the ninth round …"
As for those Palace Masters, there was no evaluation for the time being.
"Whoosh whoosh whoosh …"
Under the swift and fierce sword light, Luo Zheng quickly cut those Brass Armored Warriors into pieces.
In fact, Ai Anxin passed the third round of the trial. She could have stepped on the fourth disc herself, but she insisted on waiting for Luo Zheng. She waited until Luo Zheng passed the third round before stepping on the fourth disc together with Luo Zheng.
This was also a kind of provocation. Every time she started the trial with Luo Zheng, she would always be able to pass before Luo Zheng.
The fourth disc was opened …
This time, a kind of strange-looking white ferocious beast appeared in the surroundings.
Perhaps because he felt Ai Anxin's provocation, Luo Zheng intentionally increased his speed!
He injected a trace of Primal Chaos Qi into the Thunder and Wind Ghost Sword, and then the longsword in his hand rapidly stabbed out. In the blink of an eye, the dozen or so swords stabbed out in an instant!
"Crackle …"
In an instant, more than a dozen sword lights wrapped in wind and thunder shot out!
The white ferocious beasts around the stone platform were all killed by Luo Zheng in an instant. The fourth round, passed …
These white ferocious beasts were thicker than the warriors from before. Although Ai Anxin gently shook her sword, the first shake only caused the white ferocious beasts to spit out blood, and the second shake caused the white ferocious beasts to fall to the ground dead!
In the fourth round, Luo Zheng's speed was faster than Ai Anxin's. After Ai Anxin finished dealing with these white ferocious beasts, she planned to wait for Luo Zheng to finish the fourth round before she started the fifth round. She didn't expect that this time, Luo Zheng would be standing in the middle of the platform with a faint smile on his face.
"This guy …"
Ai Anxin's mouth twitched, and she directly started the fifth round.
Since the two wanted to compete in speed, the later rounds were much faster!
According to the previous practice, the further one progressed, the slower one's speed would be. This was because the difficulty of each trial would increase.
Previously, there were some powerful warriors who pursued the first rounds, but in the end, they still slowed down …
However, Luo Zheng and Ai Anxin's speed not only didn't decrease, but increased instead!
In the fifth round, Ai Anxin only spent four breaths of time, while Luo Zheng spent four and a half breaths of time. Luo Zheng was slightly slower.
In the sixth round, Luo Zheng spent three breaths of time, while Ai Anxin spent three and a half breaths of time. This time, Luo Zheng was faster.
In the seventh round, both of them spent three breaths of time, and their speeds were about the same.
In the eighth round … two breaths of time.
In the ninth round …
The Palace Masters were still okay. Although Luo Zheng and Ai Anxin's speed was getting faster and faster, it was also because their strength was getting stronger and stronger.
As for the more than four thousand warriors, each and every one of them was dumbfounded.
Ai Anxin and Luo Zheng's previous results made them stand out among the crowd. However, many warriors were not convinced.
The first way to measure a warrior's strength was always the strength of their combat strength.
Luo Zheng and Ai Anxin might have grasped some method that allowed them to walk further in the storm of laws, but this didn't prove their strength.
However, in the Illusory Space, one couldn't take advantage of any shortcuts. Only by relying on one's fist, palm, saber, and sword strength could one walk further …
As for Ai Anxin and Luo Zheng, one was at the fifth layer of Life and Death realm and the other was at the ninth layer of Life and Death realm. They might not be able to walk further!
However, after these nine rounds of trials, the strength displayed by the two was somewhat difficult for these geniuses to accept.
The first six rounds didn't pose too much pressure to the warriors. However, after the sixth round, they had to treat it seriously. However, Luo Zheng and Ai Anxin were like cutting melons and vegetables. They didn't put them in their eyes at all. Their speed was also frighteningly fast!
When they passed the tenth round, the two actually spent less than two breaths of time …
"Too monstrous. I'm afraid I'm not Ai Anxin's opponent." A warrior shook his head and said.
"Nonsense! I've asked around. This Ai Anxin just entered Misty Cloud Palace and beat all the geniuses in Heavenly Palace by herself. Don't look at her Life and Death realm. Her strength is immeasurable! "
"That Luo Zheng is even more monstrous. His cultivation is only at the fifth layer of Life and Death realm. The gap between their cultivations is even greater!"
The time taken for the first ten rounds added together was less than an incense stick's worth of time. As for the previous batches of warriors, if they wanted to pass the first ten rounds, the fastest would need six or seven incense sticks' worth of time, while the slowest would need half an hour to pass!
However, after the eleventh round, the two's speed slowed down!
Originally, Luo Zheng planned to continue speeding up after the eleventh round. Since Ai Anxin wanted to compete with him in speed, he wouldn't lose to her.
However, the opponents that appeared in the eleventh round were very different from the previous ones!
The opponents in the first ten rounds were basically opponents created by the Illusory Array. They couldn't be considered as real life.
As for the group of martial artists that appeared in the eleventh round, each of them had a different expression. Some of them had a cold smile on their faces, while others had calm gazes.
Luo Zheng was slightly stunned. He had observed them through Xin Gui before, but he didn't see them so carefully. He asked, "You … are also warriors who entered the Illusory Space?"
"Yes." One of the warriors smiled and replied, "We are on the other side of Changsu Island. For us, this is a different kind of trial!"
Not every warrior had the opportunity to enter the Thirteen Palaces. In fact, how many warriors in the Alliance wanted to enter the Heavenly Palace? Every martial artist who could enter the Heavenly Palace was a genius among geniuses, the luckiest of the luckiest.
Some warriors couldn't seize the opportunity to enter the Heavenly Palace, so they could only settle for the next best thing.
They couldn't participate in the trial of the Torch Flame Inheritance, but they were qualified to be "training partners." They were arranged on the other side of Changsu Island. When the warriors of the Torch Flame Inheritance opened the Illusory Space and passed the first ten rounds, they would enter and act as the opponents of the warriors of the Thirteen Palaces!
Warriors who performed well in the Thirteen Palaces could go through about fifteen or sixteen rounds. In each round, more than ten warriors would be arranged to enter the Illusory Space, and every time, two hundred warriors would accept the trial.
Therefore, on the other side of Changsu Island, there were more than thirty thousand warriors on standby. Every time a warrior opened the eleventh round, they would enter the Illusory Space and attack the warriors in it!
Not all warriors had the opportunity to enter the Illusory Space. Even if they were training partners, they had to rely on their own strength to fight for it. Therefore, every warrior training partner worked extra hard. In addition, if they died in the Illusory Space, they would only die in projection. Therefore, they were basically fighting with their lives on the line!
What's more, these warriors were also some of the geniuses of the Holy Lands. It was just that their talent wasn't enough to enter the Thirteen Palaces. In their hearts, they yearned for the Thirteen Palaces, but at the same time, they were full of jealousy towards the warriors of the Thirteen Palaces!
Since they had the opportunity to fight against the warriors of the Thirteen Palaces, even if they weren't their opponents, even if they were killed, they would bite off a piece of meat from their opponents' hands …
Because of this, they were especially fierce!
Hearing this answer, Luo Zheng nodded slightly. If it was this kind of arrangement, it might be a little troublesome, but for Luo Zheng, it wasn't too big of a problem!
"Fifth level Life and Death Realm kid, brothers, this is a chance. If we finish him in the eleventh round, we can get a good reward!"
The dozen warriors were like a pack of hungry wolves who found a lamb strolling on the grassland. They swarmed up and attacked Luo Zheng.
＝＝＝＝＝