On the other side of Changsu Island, several tens of thousands of martial artists were gathered in a huge plaza.
Entering the Orange Ocean Realm as a sparring partner not only gave them the opportunity to exchange pointers with the geniuses of the thirteen palaces, but also different rewards for 'killing' or 'wounding' them.
For these martial artists, those rewards were already very good rewards.
However, this round of the Torch Inheritance had already reached its end. If they wanted to participate in the sparring, they could only wait for the next Torch Inheritance.
"There were 161 opponents in the last round … Shouldn't it have ended?"
"Yeah, it shouldn't be a whole number. It should be a mantissa. But now, there are two martial artists!"
"If my guess is correct, these two should be extremely special, or extremely outstanding! That's why they are participating in the trial alone … "
"Outstanding? Just two Life and Death realm martial artists. That fifth level Life and Death realm brat might not even be able to pass the first round of sparring! "The martial artists in this huge plaza could also observe Luo Zheng and Ai Anxin through their letter tablets.
The first round of sparring he spoke of was the eleventh round of sparring Luo Zheng's trial. Because these martial artists only entered the Illusory Space after the eleventh round, the martial artists who were eliminated in the first ten rounds simply didn't have the opportunity to meet these martial artists.
"No matter what, let's see the performance of our brothers in this round first …"
The strength of these several tens of thousands of martial artists was also strictly divided. Therefore, in each of the following rounds, Luo Zheng would send out even more powerful martial artists.
In the Illusory Space, these martial artists had already charged towards Luo Zheng and Ai Anxin.
Naturally, it was impossible for him to kill all these cultivators with a wave of his hand like before. After all, they were all living opponents. Everyone had different judgments. They could either run away, feign an attack, forcefully attack, or risk their lives …
However, these martial artists' cultivations were still limited in the end. Their cultivations were basically between the seventh and eighth level of Life and Death realm.
Although their cultivations were two or three levels higher than Luo Zheng's, following Luo Zheng's advancement, these martial artists could no longer pose any real threat to Luo Zheng!
Whoosh whoosh whoosh whoosh whoosh …
Several sword lights shot out from the Thunder Wind Dark Divine Sword!
"Ah …"
Those sword lights instantly killed four people, but the other thirteen used their movement skills to dodge Luo Zheng's sharp sword lights.
Although the projections in the Illusory Space wouldn't die, everything about the martial artists was preserved in the Illusory Space. Even their pain was preserved …
"Kill him!"
"Moon Break Slash!"
"Green Destiny Sword Art!"
All kinds of weapons greeted Luo Zheng.
However, Luo Zheng's figure suddenly moved like a ghost and stood behind the thirteen people. Then, he raised the Thundergale Ghost God Sword above his head and slightly swung it!
"Spirit … Shadow!"
Whoosh whoosh whoosh whoosh … "
Luo Zheng of Luo Zheng of Luo Zheng of of Luo Zheng's of Life of of Luo Zheng 'Luo of Luo Zheng of Luo
Luo Zheng of Luo Luo Luo Luo Luo of Luo o to Luo!
Luo Zheng of Luo Zheng of Luo Zheng of Luo Zheng Luo Zheng!!!!!!!!
In an instant, the thirteen Spirit Shadows tore these martial artists into pieces and kicked them out of the Illusory Space …
The four thousand martial artists of the Thirteen Palaces were still fine. Quite a few of them had gone through the eleventh trial. Although these martial artists were a bit troublesome to deal with, the difficulty wasn't too high. However, Luo Zheng of Luo Luo Luo Luo's Spirit Shadows killed these martial artists with extreme speed, which made them inwardly apprehensive.
As for the several tens of thousands of martial artists on the other side of Changsu Island, they were all dumbstruck.
Luo Zheng and Ai Anxin had participated in the Illusory Space's trial alone. They all understood that these two were definitely special.
However, Luo Zheng was only at the fifth level of Life and Death realm. How special could he be?
A single sword strike killed thirteen martial artists who were two or three levels higher than him … The several tens of thousands of martial artists in the huge plaza were extremely quiet at this moment. They were all silent.
"I finally understand the strength of the top geniuses of the Alliance …"
"Moreover, the Thirteen Palaces are only the reserves of the younger generation. They still need to grow before they can become true super geniuses. However, I don't know that the super geniuses of Spring Fragrance Pavilion and Lingyan Pavilion are even more terrifying …"
"Humph! We'll definitely take down this kid!"
Everyone had their own pride. Moreover, these martial artists were only inferior to the geniuses of the Thirteen Palaces. They were also the core existences of their respective Holy Lands. How could they tolerate being killed so easily by Luo Zheng?
This kid had passed the eleventh trial. There was still the twelfth trial. This time, they were going to select the strongest martial artist of the second group to take down Luo Zheng!
These martial artists saw Luo Zheng's battle strength. However, the Palace Lords, including the Sunset Realm Lord, didn't see the same thing. They saw the Spirit Shadows …
"How did this Luo Zheng do it?" A Palace Lord asked with a puzzled expression.
In the past, Xiao Daolai's Thunder and Wind Spirit Sword was quite famous. The Sunset Realm Lord also said with a puzzled expression, "Isn't this Spirit Shadow only able to form three at a time?"
"This guy can form thirteen Spirit Shadows at once. Is there a problem with the sword or with the person?" Another Palace Lord was also puzzled.
Yun Luo giggled. "Of course there's a problem with the person. The Spirit Heart Sutra was personally taught to Luo Zheng by Xiao Daolai. In the past, Xiao Daolai could only form three Spirit Shadows at once. Who knows how this kid managed to form so many Spirit Shadows …"
The Palace Lords' expressions were messy. For a moment, they didn't know how to evaluate Luo Zheng.
As for Ai Anxin …
When the martial artists on the other side of Changsu Island entered the Illusory Space and saw that their opponent was actually a woman, a woman as beautiful as a flower, they were all a little stunned.
However, most of the martial artists' performance was normal. However, there were some who began to talk dirty.
The genius woman of the Thirteen Palaces was a lofty existence to them. In any case, if they died in the Illusory Space, they would just be kicked out. It wasn't a bad idea to take advantage of them with their words.
However, they didn't know that although they wouldn't die in the Illusory Space, Ai Anxin could make them wish they were dead!
Ai Anxin raised the azure longsword slightly and began to vibrate at a different frequency … …
Just as Ai Anxin raised the sword and started to vibrate, an invisible ripple spread out along the longsword! Ai Anxin had always used this method to deal with the first ten rounds. However, this time, the longsword vibrated at a higher frequency and the method was more special.
Under this vibration, the dozen or so martial artists also rushed toward Ai Anxin. Some of them had evil intentions and didn't even plan to fight properly. Instead, they wanted to take advantage of Ai Anxin …
However, they weren't able to get close to Ai Anxin. The fastest martial artist was still two feet away from Ai Anxin.
Next, they felt their hearts beating at a strange frequency. Then, their breathing became disordered and they couldn't control their bodies.
Then, an intense pain was transmitted from their dantian!
Generally speaking, when the pain exceeded the limits of the body, they would faint. The body had a self-protection mechanism. However, under the vibration of Ai Anxin's longsword, they were able to maintain their consciousness!
It was the same as continuously torturing a prisoner and continuously pouring cold water on them to wake them up!
At this time, they really wanted to "die" quickly. If they died, they could leave the Illusory Space. If they died, they wouldn't have to suffer anymore …
Ai Anxin seemed to be a heartless person. However, martial artists who offended her didn't have a good ending.
Now, she didn't compete in speed with Luo Zheng. Instead, she used a very subtle state to control the pain of these martial artists. She let them clearly taste this kind of punishment that was worse than death.
Ten breaths, twenty breaths, thirty breaths …
Although it was merely thirty breaths, to these dozen or so martial artists, it was like hundreds of years had passed.
At this time, the voice of the linen-clothed old man leisurely came from outside the ancient palace, "Ai Anxin, stop …"
The linen-clothed old man had no choice but to dissuade her. After all, these guys were invited by the Thirteen Palaces to be sparring partners. It wasn't good to torture them like this.
"Hmph!"
The tip of Ai Anxin's sword lightly drew a circle. Her long black hair flowed down her chest, waist, and legs. The ends of her long hair spread out in a spiral shape. Then, she forcefully inserted the sword into the platform. Her other finger lightly flicked the blade of the sword. The blade of the sword hummed softly.
"Pop …"