Luo Zheng had already completed the eleventh round and was watching Ai Anxin's battle from his own platform.
Seeing this scene, he couldn't help but shake his head.
This Ai Anxin should be using some kind of extremely profound "Sword Cry Art". However, torturing these living martial artists was indeed a bit cruel. No wonder the linen-clothed old man had stepped forward to stop her.
After the clouds of blood mist exploded, these martial artists had a quick death and were kicked out of the Illusory Space one after another.
However, even if they left the Illusory Space, those painful memories wouldn't disappear. This kind of pain would have a strong negative effect on their mental state.
Therefore, the faces of the martial artists who left the Illusory Space were deathly pale. Some of them even fainted the moment they left the Illusory Space!
When the martial artists on the other side of Changsu Island saw this scene, their lungs immediately exploded with anger.
Even if you're an outstanding genius of the Thirteen Palaces, you shouldn't bully people like this. Everyone came here to be sparring partners, but you actually tortured people like this in the Illusory Space!
"Motherf * cker, that little girl is too much!"
"We must stop her in the second round …"
"For the second round, we can only send the second group's martial artists. With that girl's strength, I'm afraid the second group's martial artists won't be able to stop her."
"Even if we can't stop her, we have to disgust her to death!"
The entire plaza was a boiling cauldron of voices. It was extremely chaotic.
The several tens of thousands of people in the plaza were divided into more than a dozen groups. Each group was divided according to their strength and cultivation base.
The second group's martial artists were to face the twelfth round of the Illusory Space's trial. The second group's martial artists were only slightly stronger than the first group's martial artists.
Right at this moment, a white-clothed youngster walked out from the crowd and said in a clear voice, "Everyone, quiet down!"
Hearing this youngster's words, everyone quieted down.
This white-clothed youngster's strength wasn't strong. He was only at the seventh level of Life and Death realm. He was assigned to the first group because Luo Zheng and Ai Anxin were the last two contestants. There were many people in the first group, and his strength wasn't outstanding. Naturally, he didn't have the opportunity to fight.
Therefore, relatively speaking, the trial that Luo Zheng and Ai Anxin encountered was slightly more difficult than that of the previous warriors.
This white-clothed youth's surname was Rao and his name was An. Although his strength wasn't great, he was resourceful and resourceful. Previously, when they were splitting into groups, he had given a lot of advice. Moreover, with the cooperation of those cultivators, they had played a miraculous role and successfully attacked several of Thirteen Palaces' cultivators!
"Rao An, what do you want to say?" A cultivator asked.
Rao An then said, "It's impossible to take down these two martial artists in the twelfth round. However, I hope that everyone can follow my arrangements and allocate the candidates!"
"Hmph, both of them are extremely strong. Isn't it the same whether they listen to you or not?" A cultivator said disdainfully.
Hearing this, Rao An smiled faintly, shook his head, and said, "No!"
"Since these two are the most outstanding existences in Thirteen Palaces, they definitely won't stop at the twelfth round, or even the thirteenth or fourteenth round … We still won't be able to stop them. The background of such a cultivator is far from what you and I can imagine. The Cultivation Methods they practice and the trump cards they have are also not something that we can match! Therefore, with their current cultivation, they can face cultivators several levels higher than them without being defeated, and even easily kill them! "
"So what?" A cultivator said coldly.
"I can try my best to force them to use their trump cards," Rao An smiled faintly, "In this way, our brothers in the next few rounds can counter their Cultivation Methods!"
Hearing Rao An's suggestion, everyone was silent for a moment. Then, someone said, "Force them to use their trump cards? We can't even tell what Cultivation Method that woman is using. How can we force them to use their trump cards? "
"That woman is only using the Sword Chime Technique. Maybe the inheritance she got is better. Together with her special talent, she can perform the Sword Chime Technique to the extreme." Rao An showed a scheming expression on his face, "I have a way to break the Sword Chime Technique!"
Although some cultivators were talented, their cultivation and strength were unable to increase. However, when it came to the world's Cultivation Methods, legends, treasures, and structures, they were able to analyze them with great precision. This kind of cultivator was a think-tank type of cultivator, and Rao An was one of them.
Rao An's words managed to convince everyone.
There was no better choice at the moment, but this group of cultivators was still unconvinced. If the conditions allowed, who would be willing to compromise with their talent? They were all geniuses of the younger generation. Who would be willing to be stepped on?
After getting everyone's approval, Rao An said, "I heard that the Sword Chime Technique only uses the frequency of vibration to produce special sound waves …"
There were some powerful cultivators in this huge square. They were all at the Divine Sea Realm, and some were even at the advanced stage of the Divine Sea Realm …
These people belonged to the tenth, eleventh, and twelfth group.
Some of the powerful cultivators in the Thirteen Palaces were defeated by them in the twentieth round.
These powerful cultivators didn't say anything.
Frankly speaking, Rao An's suggestion was very useful to them. If they could force out the hidden cards of these two cultivators through cooperation, it would be much easier for them to make a move in the nineteenth or twentieth round.
Before this, Rao An had observed the characteristics of Luo Zheng and Ai Anxin for a long time. He had analyzed them several times in his mind.
"That cultivator called Luo Zheng relied on the sharpness of the long sword in his hand. However, he only revealed his weapon. His strength is still unknown." Rao An said, "In the second group, those who are confident in their Body Movements can sign up …"
Rao An didn't know the figure released from Luo Zheng's sword, but he could see the sharpness of the Serene Spirit Shadow clearly.
In the absence of a better method, Rao An had to use his Body Movements to create obstacles for Luo Zheng. This was the next step of Rao An's strategy …
After assigning the strategy to deal with the two, he sat in a corner with a short wooden stick in his mouth. He squinted his eyes and stared at the image on the jade tablet. In the image, Luo Zheng and Ai Anxin both stepped on another round plate.
On this round plate were the numbers "Twelve".
The twelfth round …
Luo Zheng didn't know how many rounds of trials there were in this illusory space. However, at this stage, Luo Zheng planned to use the Serene Spirit Shadow to crush his opponents.
It had to be said that the Serene Spirit Shadow was very effective in dealing with many people. Every Serene Spirit Shadow was under the control of Luo Zheng. They could perform different moves. Controlling so many Serene Spirit Shadows at the same time consumed a lot of soul power. However, Luo Zheng's soul had already entered the Blue Soul Realm, so it wasn't a big problem for him.
However, after the twelfth round began, Luo Zheng discovered some abnormalities.
In the eleventh round, the martial artists he encountered all had different characteristics. However, the martial artists in the twelfth round all seemed to be proficient in Body Movements!
In the instant that Luo Zheng released the Serene Spirit Shadow, these martial artists relied on the power of various Laws to constantly dodge the Serene Spirit Shadow's attacks …
Using the Law of Space to use the "Dreamlike Illusion", using the Law of Earth to display the Earth Escape Secret Technique, using the Law of Wind to display the Wind Escape Technique …
Unexpectedly, not a single martial artist was willing to fight with him!
Was this an obstacle deliberately set up by the linen-clothed old man? Or was someone plotting against him?
Luo Zheng slightly guessed in his heart. However, his face quickly revealed a faint smile. No matter what the goal was, he only needed to follow his own plan!
Since these people's Body Movements were so powerful, Luo Zheng couldn't stay in place …
However, just as Luo Zheng's figure flashed, he suddenly discovered that a brown vine had appeared under his feet, firmly binding him to the ground.
You want to bind me with a vine?
Luo Zheng didn't even look at it. He took a step forward, and along with the eruption of his power, he wanted to tear the vine apart. However, to Luo Zheng's surprise, the vine was extremely tenacious. Not only did it not break, but it also extended as he moved.
Whoosh!
With a backhand slash, the vine broke. However, immediately after, two more vines appeared from the ground, once again binding Luo Zheng. At the same time, the martial artists who had been dodging his attacks earlier surrounded him from all directions.
This scene made the martial artists of the Thirteen Palaces puzzled. When they passed the twelfth round, they didn't think that these guys could cooperate so well!