Under the suppression of absolute strength, petty tricks were of little use. At most, they could only create some obstacles for the opponent. Most people had this view.
Luo Zheng had easily passed the eleventh round of the trial. The twelfth round shouldn't be too much of a problem for Luo Zheng.
Even though he was surrounded by more than ten cultivators and Luo Zheng's movements were restricted by a vine, Luo Zheng's face didn't show any signs of panic!
Seeing that the cultivators had already surrounded him, a crackling sound suddenly came from the Thundergale Dark God Sword!
The difference between these cultivators and the Thirteen Palaces wasn't just the difference in talent and strength, but also the difference in the weapons in their hands. For example, in the Divine Weapon Hall, as long as a cultivator had some talent, it wouldn't be difficult to obtain a third-grade or second-grade divine weapon.
And Luo Zheng's Thundergale Dark God Sword was the best of the first-grade divine weapons.
Coupled with the power of law that erupted from the Primal Chaos Energy, it wasn't something these people could resist. Moreover, there was also the indefensible Dark God Shadow.
The power of lightning suddenly surrounded Luo Zheng and spread out. The bright blue lightning was only as thick as a pinky finger, but it formed a circular lightning net and spread out with Luo Zheng as the center! This was equivalent to using a layer of lightning net to sift through the entire platform. There was no space to dodge at all ….
Those cultivators looked as if they were struck by lightning. Their bodies were pitch-black from head to toe. They hovered in the air for a breath's time before crashing onto the platform.
Then, a burnt smell entered Luo Zheng's nose.
"Swoosh swoosh …."
After the lightning net spread out, another figure appeared in the air!
This cultivator's main cultivation technique was the Law of Space. Only he could escape this calamity by shrinking into a crack in space.
However …. just as this cultivator escaped this calamity and planned to assassinate Luo Zheng, seven figures appeared in front of him. Those were the seven Dark God Shadows that Luo Zheng displayed. In the blink of an eye, these Dark God Shadows tore him to pieces.
Twelfth round, passed ….
Compared to the eleventh round, the twelfth round was slightly more strenuous for Luo Zheng, but it was also relatively more challenging.
What he didn't know was that on the other side of Changsu Island, tens of thousands of cultivators were dejected. They had meticulously planned to force out Luo Zheng's trump card. However, in the twelfth round, he still relied on the Thundergale Dark God Sword's ability!
Could it be that this guy only relied on this sword?
As for the cultivator named Rao An, he held the wooden stick in his mouth, his eyes still indifferent. Luo Zheng's temperament was more stable than he had imagined. Because he couldn't guess what Luo Zheng was good at, he arranged for the cultivators with swift and fierce movement skills to besiege Luo Zheng. In fact, it was a blatant provocation.
How could such a genius only rely on his own weapon to reach this point? However, Luo Zheng directly ignored this kind of provocation. After spending a lot of effort, he still used this sword to pass the twelfth round of the trial.
.....................................
Thinking of this, Rao An's gaze fell on the highest point of this huge square …
The tens of thousands of cultivators in the square were arranged in a fan-shaped formation. The number of low-level cultivators at the front was the most, and the number of high-level cultivators at the back was very few. Everywhere, there were more low-level cultivators and fewer high-level cultivators. This place was no exception.
Most of the geniuses of the Thirteen Palaces would be around the eleventh or twelfth round. Only a few people were qualified to challenge stronger cultivators. There were very few cultivators who could enter the eighteenth, nineteenth, or twentieth round. Therefore, there was no need to arrange more strong cultivators in the Torch Inheritance.
However, the design of this illusory space took into account the existence of some monstrous geniuses.
At the highest point of the square, there were a few cages. Within the cages, there were a few burly warriors in ragged clothes.
They were prisoners, prisoners on death row who were banished to the "Wicked Realm". They were also the ultimate challenge of this illusory space.
But so far, no one needed these prisoners to fight ….
The reason why Rao An jumped out at this time was precisely because of these prisoners!
Ai Anxin's battle was not over yet.
Just as Luo Zheng thought, before the twentieth round, Ai Anxin intended to use the "Sword Chime Technique" to crush her opponents.
If Rao An did not appear, Ai Anxin's move should be enough to deal with the first nineteen rounds. It was not easy to break her "Sword Chime Technique". At the very least, it was impossible with the strength of a cultivator from the eleventh to the nineteenth round.
But Ai Anxin soon discovered that her "Sword Chime Technique" was ineffective at the twelfth round ….
The cultivators Luo Zheng encountered in the twelfth round were all proficient in various escape techniques. They did not fight him head-on at all.
But the cultivators that Ai Anxin encountered were all cultivators of the Water Law!
When the challenge began, these cultivators spread out water curtains on the platform. There were even cultivators who visualized monstrous waves that washed over the platform.
All liquids were viscous. Although her "Sword Chime Technique" was very powerful, it could not "chime" in the water. In other words, its effect would be greatly reduced. It could not cause any substantial harm to the cultivators.
At the beginning, she was caught off guard and forgot to use her True Essence to protect her body. Her entire body was wet from head to toe! Her clothes were wet and stuck to her body ….
How could Ai Anxin not know? Someone must have deliberately designed a countermeasure to her "Sword Chime Technique".
Those cultivators didn't answer Ai Anxin's question. They didn't approach Ai Anxin, nor did they try to hide. Instead, each of them performed their own roles. Some of them continued to unleash huge waves, crashing down on Ai Anxin. Some of them condensed water spears, shooting them at Ai Anxin …
Ai Anxin did not care about this level of attack. She gently waved the cyan longsword in her hand and easily resolved the oncoming attacks.
Soon, the corners of her mouth revealed a trace of a smile. "You all think that I only know the" Sword Chime Technique "…."
After speaking, the cyan longsword was raised above her head again. Her body trembled slightly, and the cyan longsword dragged out sword shadows. She was still unwilling to kill them one by one. It seemed that she used some kind of powerful sword technique, wanting to kill all the cultivators on the platform in one move.
Hearing this, Rao An on the other side of Changsu Island said indifferently, "Of course I don't think so. I just want to see how many trump cards you have …."
Ai Anxin's actions were exactly what he wanted.
The sword shadows that Ai Anxin pulled out spun faster and faster. The dense sword shadows directly covered Ai Anxin's entire body.
At this moment, the power of the Law of Space emerged from Ai Anxin's body!
She gently waved her other hand in the air, and the space around the sword shadow collapsed. She had actually erased the space around it!
"Hehe, Xiao Daolai's Empty Hand …. This Ai Anxin has mastered his True Essence." The Sunset Realm Lord seemed to be very familiar with this move and commented.
Yun Luo said indifferently, "Empty Hand is not used like this. She is wasting it."
Empty Hand ….
This was one of Xiao Daolai's famous consummate skills. It required a deep understanding of the Law of Space to use. With a stretch of hand, one could directly touch a space.
The space that Xiao Daolai wiped out was naturally quite large, but Ai Anxin only wiped out a circle of space around her sword shadows. It was a circular space that was about a hundred feet wide ….
Those cultivators were all distributed on the edge of the platform, but the moment this space was wiped out, their bodies involuntarily moved!
This was also a characteristic of space. Ordinary cultivators of the Law of Space might not be able to use the Empty Hand, but they understood the principle behind it.
If the center of a section of space was missing, the two sections of space would instantly fit together!
Those cultivators were in the outer space of the platform, and Ai Anxin wiped out the circle of space in the middle. So at this moment, all the cultivators were involuntarily "pulled" to the center of the space!
In the center of the platform, sword shadows were still spinning rapidly. Almost in the blink of an eye, the cultivators who were pulled in were cut into pieces.
＝＝＝＝＝