Under Ai Anxin's sword shadows, these cultivators had almost no room to fight back.
They were quickly cut into pieces and then kicked out of the Illusory Space.
With the gentle rotation of her true essence, white mist evaporated from her body. The water in her wet clothes dissipated in an instant. She put her hands behind her head and gently brushed her astonishingly long hair. A mist escaped from the roots of her hair and extended all the way to the ends of her hair.
Even so, Ai Anxin's expression was not very good. She had just noticed that Luo Zheng had already passed the twelfth round of the trial. He was standing opposite her with his long sword in his hand!
She turned her head to look at Luo Zheng, but only glared at him fiercely. Then she said, "In the next round, I will be faster than you!"
Luo Zheng smiled faintly. His face revealed a noncommittal expression. Then, he started the thirteenth round of the trial.
Rao An had already arranged three groups of people, which corresponded to the thirteenth round of the trial.
At this time, he crossed the crowd in the huge square and walked towards the big cages at the top of the square.
There were a total of seven big cages on the high platform. If someone challenged the last level, these cages would be opened and the condemned prisoners would be released. This was the ultimate trial of the Torch Inheritance.
The six cultivators in these big cages were all standing, but in the cage in the middle, there was a burly man sitting in the same place.
From beginning to end, this burly man had never opened his eyes.
These condemned prisoners were extremely strong. From their bodies, an extremely violent aura was emitted. Almost all the cultivators participating in the trial were unwilling to approach this high platform.
After Rao An got on the high platform, he walked towards the big cage in the middle.
"Who are you?" The burly man still had his eyes closed. When he sensed someone approaching, he opened his mouth and asked.
"My name is Rao An," Rao An smiled.
"What's the matter?" the burly man asked.
Rao An put his head next to the pillar of the cage and whispered, "I'm here for the secret treasure of the Gathering Yin World …"
When Rao An said these words, the burly man's eyes suddenly opened!
The moment he opened his eyes, an extremely sharp Soul Pressure suddenly shot out. Rao An's body shook, and his face became incomparably pale. He spat out a mouthful of blood.
"You are just a nobody. Why would you know about the secret treasures of the Gathering Yin World?" The burly man said coldly.
Although Rao An vomited blood, a faint smile still hung on his pale face. After he used his sleeve to wipe off the blood at the corner of his mouth, he opened his mouth and said, "I, Rao An, am indeed a small fry. However, you don't seem to be a big shot either …"
Hearing this evaluation, the burly man snorted coldly, "Indeed, I am only a warrior of the Divine Sea Realm. Among the creatures in the universe, I am just a drop in the ocean. I am nothing, but you are not qualified to judge me."
"Of course," Rao An smiled slightly, "The pride of the past, the most outstanding genius of the Star Han World, someone who is qualified to enter the Lingyan Pavilion. I, Rao An, of course cannot be compared to you … However, you are now only a death row prisoner. A death row prisoner who can only live for eight hundred years …"
Execution in eight hundred years … For mortals, eight hundred years was more than a dozen lifetimes. However, for a warrior of the Divine Sea Realm, eight hundred years was still too short.
"What do you want to do? Just say it," the burly man said coldly.
Rao An still did not answer the burly man's question directly. Instead, he continued, "You are all death row prisoners carefully selected from the Wicked World. If you successfully ambush the geniuses of the Thirteen Palaces, you can pardon your crimes."
"Nonsense," the burly man said coldly.
For ordinary warriors, the rewards might be various. However, if these death row prisoners successfully ambushed the geniuses of the Thirteen Palaces, they would also be rewarded. The reward was freedom.
It was also because this reward could stimulate the most powerful combat strength of these death row prisoners, so the Torch Inheritance made such an arrangement.
However, these death row prisoners rarely had the chance to go on stage. Moreover, once they went on stage, they would face very strong geniuses. Therefore, these death row prisoners did not have many opportunities to obtain freedom.
"I can help you go on stage," Rao An continued.
"And then?" the burly man asked.
"I will teach you how to defeat that opponent and obtain freedom," Rao An said again.
At this point, the burly man suddenly laughed. His laughter was filled with contempt for Rao An. "Who do you think you are? I need you to teach me … "
Whether it was cultivation, strength, or talent, this burly man was much, much stronger than Rao An. If he was Rao An's opponent, even if there were a hundred Rao Ans, they would all be annihilated in an instant by him!
Being despised like this, Rao An was not annoyed. He smiled calmly and said, "You may not know, but there are only two people left in the Torch Inheritance. These two people are the most powerful people in this Torch Inheritance. And I can decide who will go on stage."
Rao An said these words to the burly man with a True Essence sound transmission. The death row prisoners beside him naturally could not hear it.
Hearing this, the burly man finally frowned, "So … this is why you dare to look for me."
"Yes." Rao An's smile brightened. He even calmly took out a pill and stuffed it into his mouth. Just now, the burly man's soul pressure had caused some damage to his soul.
"What do you want?" the burly man asked again.
Rao An stretched out three fingers, "30%. After you find the Sifting Yin World's secret treasure, give me 30%!"
"30%?" The burly man grinned, "Do you know what the Sifting Yin World's secret treasure means?"
"I know, so I only want 30%," Rao An said again.
Rao An was a person who understood people's hearts and knew how to act appropriately. Therefore, he did not ask for 50% or even 70% or 30% …
The burly man closed his eyes and let out a deep sigh. A tiger that had fallen to the plains would be bullied by a dog. In the past, he had been a glorious figure, but now that he had been exiled to the Evil Men World, his fate was actually being controlled by such a nobody.
Rao An guessed the burly man's thoughts and lightly said, "Everyone is useful. In the world of martial artists, strength is respected, but this is also very important. Don't look down on me. With me here, it will be much easier to obtain the Sifting Yin World's secret treasure."
When he said these words, his face revealed an incomparable confidence. Perhaps many people thought that he, Rao An, was a person who only knew how to play petty tricks. However, he wanted to tell the world that petty tricks could often bring about fatal threats and could even reverse many situations.
The burly man opened his eyes once more and stared at Rao An with a complex expression. Then, he faintly said, "Good, I agree …"
Rao An returned to the giant square with satisfaction. In the square, many martial artists were watching the scene unfold in the dreamland space. There was a constant clamor as some people greeted him.
"Rao An, we can't hold on any longer. How do we break that woman's move!?"
"The people in the third group can't hold on for long. Rao An, think of a way!"
A faint smile appeared on Rao An's face as he seriously analyzed, "It's okay. The next group should be …"
In fact, he had no interest in sniping Ai Anxin and Luo Zheng. However, in order to deal with this group of hot-blooded fellows, he naturally had to pay a price. After a series of logical and logical analysis, it attracted a wave of cheers. The cultivators in the fourth group were selected by Rao An to enter the Illusory Space.
Fourteenth round …
Fifteenth round …
Sixteenth round …
On the side of Gu Palace, the martial artists of the Thirteen Palaces could clearly see that the strength of these martial artists was far beyond their imagination when they worked together.
They knew that those martial artists who had passed the eighteenth or nineteenth round would not even be able to pass the sixteenth round if they were here!
However, Luo Zheng and Ai Anxin were not ordinary martial artists. Although they found it tricky, under the suppression of absolute strength, they still passed through the trials in an orderly manner.
However, there was still a slight gap between the two …
Luo Zheng was still relying on the Thunder and Wind Divine Sword.
On the other hand, Ai Anxin had already used several trump cards. Every time she used a trump card, her opponent would always be able to think of a way to restrain it. In the next round, he would be able to tie her hands and feet, making her unable to use her full strength.