Of course, Ai Anxin could deal with these damn guys. However, being targeted by these bastards, she couldn't help but feel irritable.
Under such a fierce battle, she and Luo Zheng entered the twentieth round not long after.
The twentieth round was the best result achieved by some martial artists.
No one had been able to cross the threshold of the twentieth round because the opponents in the twentieth round were all at the middle stage of the Spirit Sea realm, who had experienced at least four major heavenly tribulations.
For these geniuses of the Thirteen Palaces, challenging those with higher realms wasn't difficult. However, facing several Spirit Sea realm martial artists at the same time was still quite difficult.
After this round, Luo Zheng and Ai Anxin finally felt the pressure.
The Spirit Sea realm was a qualitative leap from the Life and Death realm. The most troublesome part was their Domains. Under the suppression of each person's Domains, Luo Zheng and Ai Anxin were greatly troubled.
"Finally, there's some trouble. However, these two shouldn't stop at the twentieth round, right?" A Palace Lord said.
Sunset Realm Lord nodded indifferently, "It's hard to say. After all, this is a one-versus-many trial. It's completely different from One Thought Sealed Tower. The opponents they will face are also different."
"This Luo Zheng is only at the fifth stage of Life and Death realm, but he can already face the siege of several Spirit Sea realm martial artists. I wonder what will happen after he breaks through to the Spirit Sea realm." Because of the results achieved in One Thought Sealed Tower, they were more concerned about Luo Zheng.
Another Palace Lord wasn't thinking about this issue. He looked at Yun Luo and said, "I seem to have overlooked a problem. I want to know, how many leaves has Luo Zheng opened?"
Hearing the Palace Master's question, everyone looked at Yun Luo curiously.
Before coming to the Torch Flame Inheritance, they would all screen the martial artists in the Heavenly Palace. The Scarlet Afterglow Ring could sense this and make a rough estimate.
Yun Luo shook her head, "I don't know."
"You don't know? Could it be that this Luo Zheng didn't pass the test? "A Palace Lord asked.
"No," Yun Luo continued, "When Luo Zheng passed through the Scarlet Afterglow Ring, the Scarlet Afterglow Ring's sensing power seemed to shut down due to saturation. Therefore, we can't measure how many leaves has Luo Zheng opened."
Hearing Yun Luo's words, many of the Palace Masters were stunned.
Sunset Realm Lord's eyes also flashed, "So, this Luo Zheng is likely to open a Mahayana Lotus?"
In the universe, there was a threshold between Lesser Lotus Flower and Mahayana Lotus Flower. Martial artists who had opened the Nine-leaf Lotus Flower were already top existences. However, there were too few martial artists who had opened the Mahayana Lotus Flower. Even among the trillions of living beings, it was difficult to find many martial artists who had opened the Mahayana Lotus Flower.
..................... ".............................................................................
"This … isn't a good idea?" Yun Luo looked hesitant.
. "What's wrong with that? After the Torch Flame Inheritance, isn't it a tradition to attract tribulations? "Another Palace Lord said.
Many martial artists couldn't wait to swallow the Ten Direction Tribulation Pill in order to improve their cultivation as soon as possible. After experiencing such a high-intensity trial in the Torch Flame Inheritance, they often gained a lot of insights.
Therefore, every time after the Torch Flame Inheritance, about a hundred people would choose to undergo tribulations!
Hearing this suggestion, Yun Luo finally nodded, "Let's see what Luo Zheng wants to do."
At this time, the thousands of martial artists outside the ancient palace stared at the battle in the letter tablet and burst into exclamations again.
Although everyone knew that no one would die in the illusory space, the battle inside was no different from the outside world. Seeing the thrilling scenes, they were naturally amazed.
After the 20th round of trials, Luo Zheng felt that it was more troublesome to deal with...
. Although the number of his opponents had been reduced to six, these six Divine Sea Realm martial artists were in a pincer formation. It was very difficult to break through such a temporary formation.
As for these six people, they were all Divine Sea Realm martial artists. In front of them, Luo Zheng's cultivation could only be regarded as a junior.
To be honest, the fact that Luo Zheng was able to remain undefeated under the pincer attack of six people was already a very humiliating thing for them. Six Divine Sea Realm warriors besieging a Life and Death Realm warrior. If this news spread out, it would be a very unpleasant thing to hear!
However, as Luo Zheng and the six people attacked each other back and forth, they had already forgotten this concern in their hearts.
Because the six of them found that as time passed, Luo Zheng seemed to be getting more and more powerful … They were faintly being suppressed by Luo Zheng, a Life and Death Realm little guy!
Thinking of this, the six people became more and more anxious.
However, before the battle, Rao An told them that the most important thing to do when facing Luo Zheng was to maintain their mentality. No matter what, they had to force Luo Zheng to use all of his strength to win the battle.
In the end, they did it … They witnessed Luo Zheng's strength.
As martial artists from the upper realm, these Divine Sea Realm martial artists had seen a lot of things. However, when Luo Zheng's strength was revealed, they were still frightened.
In order to resist Luo Zheng's terrifying strength, one of the Divine Sea Realm martial artists launched a "Xu Earth Realm"!
This was the Xu Earth Realm comprehended from the Law of Earth. It was the most solid realm. That Divine Sea Realm martial artist directly blocked in front of the other five people.
However, such a realm was still easily shattered by Luo Zheng. Moreover, Luo Zheng, a Life and Death Realm martial artist, rushed into a group of Divine Sea Realm martial artists like a tiger in a flock of sheep. This scene was quite shocking …
Most of the geniuses from the Thirteen Palaces could easily win against these Divine Sea Realm martial artists. However, not many people could do what Luo Zheng did. Apart from Luo Zheng, perhaps only Ai Anxin could do it.
After Luo Zheng's battle ended, Ai Anxin's battle also ended at the same time. Ai Anxin seemed to have used some kind of powerful trump card. The cyan stone between her eyebrows had already appeared. She had used the Jade Gate Immortal Combat Technique.
Twenty rounds passed …
The two obtained the best results in the Illusory Space Trial at the same time. However, it was not over yet.
Twenty-one rounds quickly continued …
Twenty-two rounds …
Twenty-three rounds …
Twenty-four rounds …
Because of the previous example, no one was willing to guess where their limits were.
Just like in the One Thought Seal Tower, at first, everyone guessed Ai Anxin's limit. In the end, she rushed to twenty-eight thousand li. Later, they predicted that Luo Zheng would not be able to pass thirty thousand li, but he rushed to thirty-six thousand li.
Now, everyone had learned to be smart. Otherwise, after Luo Zheng or Ai Anxin broke through their estimated range, they would be slapped in the face with actual actions …
However, the Illusory Space was different from the One Thought Seal Tower. These rounds of tests were arranged by people.
Since they were arranged by people, there must be an upper limit.
On the other side of Changsu Island, there were only fifteen groups of martial artists, from the lowest to the highest, corresponding to the eleventh to twenty-fifth rounds of the Illusory Space.
The martial artists in the fifteenth group were the three cages on the high platform!
Therefore, the twenty-fifth round was the ultimate trial …
From the beginning to the end, Rao An had been giving out orders. Although he did not succeed in sniping Luo Zheng and Ai Anxin.
However, everyone also saw the effect of Rao An's suggestion. Naturally, they were willing to let Rao An give out orders. Now, Rao An once again walked onto the high platform of the huge square.
"It seems that to fight against that woman, we can only use the death row prisoners …"
"I heard that these death row prisoners were brought here from the World of Villains by some extraordinary people!"
"If they can defeat those two people in the ultimate trial and obtain their freedom, they will surely fight with their lives on the line, right?"
Under everyone's gazes, Rao An walked towards the tall and sturdy man and asked, "Two people have entered the ultimate trial, a man and a woman. Who will you choose?"
The tall and sturdy man's face revealed an arrogant expression, "How can I choose a woman?"
"I suggest you choose a woman. That man's strength is very strong, unfathomable. At least, I can't see his limit," Rao An said in a low voice. After passing through round after round of tests, Rao An actually did not reach his goal. Especially Luo Zheng, he simply could not see where Luo Zheng's limit was.
"What's his cultivation base?" The tall and sturdy man asked.
"Fifth level of Life and Death realm," Rao An reported truthfully.
The tall and sturdy man coldly glanced at Rao An, "You're insulting my strength!"
In the tall and sturdy man's opinion, fifth level Life and Death realm could be considered a top grade genius of the Thirteen Palaces. However, no matter how talented he was, he was still only at the fifth level of Life and Death realm!