This tall and sturdy man didn't expect that his opponent was only at the fifth level of Life and Death realm.
He naturally knew that the martial artists of the thirteen Heavenly Palaces had innate talent and strength that couldn't be measured with ordinary eyes.
And to be able to challenge the twenty-fifth round, the martial artist worthy of him taking action must be one of the top existences in the thirteen Heavenly Palaces.
However, he didn't expect that this guy was only at the fifth level of Life and Death realm.
Rao An shook his head, "Don't look down on that guy. I've carefully observed the first twenty-five rounds. According to my estimation, he's only used thirty percent of his strength."
"Thirty percent of his strength is enough to resist the encirclement of several Divine Sea realm martial artists?" Hearing these words, a trace of surprise appeared on the tall and sturdy man's face.
"I suggest you pick that woman." Rao An's suggestion was very pertinent.
In fact, after twenty-four rounds of battles, Luo Zheng and Ai Anxin were both unimpeded. Perhaps because of Rao An's strategy, the two were troubled to varying degrees, but it still couldn't stop them from advancing.
Similarly, Luo Zheng was constantly advancing. From beginning to end, Luo Zheng only used the longsword in his hand to face the enemy, while Ai Anxin used all kinds of martial skills and cultivation methods. The variety of martial skills and cultivation methods left people dumbfounded.
However, because of this, Luo Zheng's performance was even more unfathomable. Therefore, Rao An didn't have much confidence in Luo Zheng. As for Ai Anxin, although he was powerful, he still had a way to deal with him. Therefore, Rao An had a higher chance of defeating him.
His point of view was very similar to the views of the Palace Masters outside the ancient palace. The Palace Masters of the thirteen Heavenly Palaces, Sunset Realm Lord, and the others also thought the same.
However, the strength of these Palace Masters and Realm Lords was much higher than Rao An's. Moreover, Rao An only relied on his keen sense of smell to make such a judgment. This was already very commendable!
However, the tall and sturdy man didn't take Rao An's advice.
"I choose that man, hehe … a Life and Death realm junior. With such strength, I'm interested." The tall and sturdy man sneered.
Hearing the burly man's judgment, Rao An instinctively frowned. His goal was the secret treasures of the Sifting Yin World. He had no interest in fighting with these geniuses. He would defeat Ai Anxin and free the burly man. Then, he would excavate the secret treasures of the Sifting Yin World and complete his goal step by step.
The most important part was that the burly man had to defeat his opponent. Rao An didn't want to create more problems and provoke the unfathomable Luo Zheng.
Rao An originally wanted to persuade him, but the burly man's expression sunk. "I will naturally honor my promise to you. As for my opponent, I will naturally choose! Back then, even my Lingyan Pavilion almost entered. Could it be that even a junior from the Thirteen Palaces has to cower in fear? Wouldn't that be a joke? "
Hearing this, Rao An sighed in his heart. This fellow was still too arrogant. If he hadn't been too cocky back then, he wouldn't have been imprisoned in the Wicked World and become a prisoner on death row …
But after all, the other party was a key figure in his plan. Rao An couldn't influence this guy's thinking. In the end, he could only follow his wishes and let this tall and sturdy man challenge Luo Zheng.
As for Ai Anxin's opponent …
Rao An looked at the several cages next to him, and a faint smile appeared on his face again.
For these prisoners on death row, this was an opportunity to leave the Wicked World. However, the power to distribute this opportunity was in Rao An's hands. He naturally wouldn't waste this power. If they wanted to challenge Ai Anxin, these prisoners on death row would have to show some sincerity. This "sincerity" might not be as attractive as the Gathering Yin World's secret treasures, but Rao An understood the principle of many little drops make a mickle.
"The ultimate trial … how many opponents will appear?"
Luo Zheng, who was standing on the platform, had a calm light in his eyes. The trial in the dreamland had reached its final stage.
Not far away, Ai Anxin was also quietly waiting for the final round of opponents.
The trial in the Fantasy Space made Ai Anxin a little unhappy. Although she had left the martialists of the Thirteen Palaces in the dust, Luo Zheng was still stubbornly following behind her and entering the final round of the trial with her.
Moreover, after the twentieth round, Luo Zheng's speed of passing the trial became faster and faster. Sometimes, he was even twice as fast as her, and it became more and more difficult for her to deal with him. Naturally, she was unhappy.
What's more, now that everyone had entered the final round at the same time, even if they both passed, it would only be a draw …
She hoped that the opponent in the final round would be stronger. Ai Anxin had this kind of expectation in her heart.
After a short while …
As a faint light condensed on the platform, a person appeared opposite Ai Anxin.
This person's clothes were ragged, and there was a shocking scar on his forehead. Layers of gloomy and cold aura were emitted from his body. When this person stared at him, it was as if he was being stared at by an evil spirit.
"A guy who cultivates the Ghost Dao?" Even if Ai Anxin was extremely confident, when she noticed the aura emitted by this person, her beautiful face changed slightly. This kind of cultivator who cultivates the Ghost Dao was strange, and their attacks were very insidious.
"Jie Jie, good luck, my opponent is a little girl," the cultivator grinded his teeth and grinned.
This time, a total of seven death row prisoners were escorted from the Evil World, but there were only two chances. The burly man chose Luo Zheng, so the cultivator could only choose Ai Anxin. In order to get this opportunity, he had paid a great price. If he obtained his freedom, he would repay Rao An heavily.
Ai Anxin's expression quickly returned to normal. This was the final round of the trial. Her opponent was strong, so Luo Zheng's opponent would certainly not be weak. This was what she wanted.
This Ghost Cultivator was indeed powerful, but it was not impossible for her to defeat him.
What about Luo Zheng's side? Thinking of this, she slightly tilted her head …
At this moment, she saw a burly man come out of the light. The moment she saw the burly man, her eyes suddenly opened wide!
"Brother!" Ai Anxin suddenly cried out in alarm.
The burly man stepped onto the platform. He was originally sizing up his opponent. Rao An was right, it was indeed a little guy at the fifth stage of the Life and Death realm.
The burly man did not underestimate him. To be able to pass the trial round after round and fight until the twenty-fifth round, the strength of their opponents could not be measured by cultivation base. However, the burly man was once a top genius in the Alliance. At that time, he was almost able to ascend to the Lingyan Pavilion. In the past, he had always been the one to challenge people across realms. It was very rare for him to encounter an opponent weaker than him who challenged him!
Even if he was in the Evil World, a great world that was lacking in resources, and his cultivation base had stagnated, he would never fear a Life and Death realm cultivator!
He was sizing up Luo Zheng, and Luo Zheng was naturally sizing him up …
The first impression that the burly man gave Luo Zheng was that his foundation was very stable. Moreover, there was a faint arrogance that stood proudly in the world. Generally, people who were full of arrogance had the strength to be proud! 'This guy is very strong,' Luo Zheng faintly gave this evaluation in his heart.
Unexpectedly, at this time, Ai Anxin, who was on the platform next door, suddenly screamed, "Brother!"
Luo Zheng was stunned, and so was the burly man. As for everyone outside the ancient palace, their expressions were different …
The burly man looked at Ai Anxin, and a trace of doubt flashed in his eyes. He indeed had a little sister, but when he was imprisoned in the Evil World more than ten years ago, his little sister was only seven or eight years old. For a moment, he was unable to recognize his little sister.
"Brother, I am Anxin!" Ai Anxin anxiously called out.
The doubt on the burly man's face gradually disappeared. His originally calm eyes gradually blossomed with a light that had not been seen for a long time.
He did not expect that the woman that Rao An had mentioned before was actually his little sister …
He also did not expect that his little sister would grow into a peak existence in the Thirteen Palaces. For a moment, he found it hard to accept.
Outside the ancient palace, the Sunset Realm Lord's face also revealed a trace of doubt. He did not expect such a coincidental thing to happen in this ultimate trial.
＝＝＝＝＝