"This person, who is he?" The Sunset Realm Lord asked.
Hearing the Sunset Realm Lord's question, Yun Luo blinked but didn't speak.
At this time, a Palace Lord said, "I remember. This is the little guy who had a conflict with Empyrean Feng Nu's son during the Dao Fruit Conference!"
That matter hadn't happened for long, only a dozen years. Once this Palace Lord mentioned it, the other Palace Lords also remembered.
"This guy's name should be 'Ai Hu', that peerless genius of the Great Cultivation World. Back then, the Lingyan Pavilion made an exception to accept him, but because of his conflict with Empyrean Feng Nu, he was sent to the Wicked World!" Another Palace Lord also remembered this matter.
"Ai Anxin, Ai Hu … are they really brother and sister?"
Compared to these Palace Lords, the reaction of the Thirteen Palaces martial artists outside the ancient palace seemed to be more intense.
To these palace lords and world overlords, Ai Hu might only be a genius of the younger generation. They didn't have a strong impression of him. It was only a small matter in the past. For characters like the Sunset World Overlord, it was normal that they didn't recognize Ai Hu.
However, this Ai Hu was quite famous among the younger generation. Therefore, the moment this burly man appeared, some martial artists had already recognized him!
"It's Ai Hu! He was actually released from the Wicked World! "
"It's actually Ai Hu who is Luo Zheng's opponent! If he wasn't suppressed by Empyrean Feng Nu back then, Ai Hu might have already reached the Divine Realm! "
"A mere Divine Realm martial artist actually has the nerve to talk about him? At that time, he was only at the Life and Death Realm. Even if he was accepted by the Lingyan Pavilion, his future would be limitless … what a pity! "
In the eyes of many martial artists, Ai Hu was bullied by Empyrean Feng Nu. Therefore, it was easy for him to gain the recognition of lower level martial artists. All kinds of legends about Ai Hu were widely spread. There were rumors that in order to save one of his brothers, he had entered hell and fought with all kinds of evil spirits …
All kinds of legends might be unfamiliar to the core figures of the alliance, but to the lower level martial artists, they were all amazing stories!
"I also didn't expect Ai Anxin to be Ai Hu's sister!"
"These two siblings are indeed monsters. Back then, Ai Hu was so fierce. During the Dao Fruit Conference, he sparred with the arrogant Empyrean's son and humiliated him to the point that he wished he could find a hole to hide in. His sister's talent is no weaker than her brother's …"
"…"
In the dreamland …
Ai Anxin had never thought that she would be able to see her brother here!
She knew that her brother had offended a powerful person and was banished to the Evil World. Moreover, he only had 800 years of life left …
However, eight hundred years was enough for her. She would grow up in this period of time and rescue her brother from the Evil World.
This was a secret in her heart that she had never shared with anyone since she stepped onto the path of martial arts.
Looking at her brother's ragged clothes, Ai Anxin recalled the tall and mighty image of him in her mind when she was young. Tears welled up in her eyes …
"Anxin, you really are Anxin!" . "The smile on Ai Hu's face grew wider and wider. He could already vaguely recognize Ai Anxin's appearance when she was young. To be able to see his sister here, Ai Hu was naturally happy!
Back then, when he was banished to the Evil World, he suffered all kinds of pain and humiliation. There were no rules in the Evil World, and the resources were extremely poor. Surviving there was not an easy task. This time, because of Rao An, he had a chance to obtain freedom. Now, he had met his sister, and Ai Anxin had already grown to such an extent …
Ai Anxin's eyes filled with tears as she nodded. For a moment, she was so excited that she didn't know what to say …
Ai Hu smiled and said, "Good, very good. I didn't expect that the day we siblings reunite would be the day I, Ai Hu, obtain my freedom. Once I defeat this boy, I'll be able to obtain my freedom …"
Hearing her brother's words, Ai Anxin's expression suddenly changed. "You can obtain freedom by defeating Luo Zheng?" She didn't know that there would be such a reward.
Ai Hu nodded and said, "All the death row prisoners participating in the Torch Flame Inheritance have this reward."
Ai Anxin's eyes lit up. She turned to Luo Zheng and said, "Luo Zheng, can you admit defeat?"
… …
This sudden scene also made Luo Zheng somewhat confused. How could an opponent appear out of nowhere and be Ai Anxin's brother? And this woman, who wanted to challenge him in the Cloud Mist Heavenly Palace, wanted him to directly admit defeat. This …
"Don't worry, I'll also admit defeat!" Ai Anxin said seriously, "I can give up the ultimate test. This way, our results will still be the same!"
Hearing this, Luo Zheng was somewhat speechless. All along, he had never regarded Ai Anxin as his opponent. Participating in the Torch Flame Inheritance was just a test for him.
However, Luo Zheng also had a sister. Ai Anxin could reunite with her brother here, but so far, there was still no news about her sister …
It wasn't that Luo Zheng didn't want to fulfill her wish.
"I beg you." Ai Anxin was so proud before, but now she urgently hoped that Luo Zheng would give her a positive response. "I'll try my best to satisfy any request you have! Any request is fine! I beg you, Luo Zheng! "
However, just as Luo Zheng was about to agree, Ai Hu laughed boldly and said, "Anxin, how can you beg me?"
"But …" Ai Anxin was about to say something.
However, Ai Hu interrupted her again and said proudly, "I, Ai Hu, have always relied on myself. How can I let my little sister ask for my freedom?! What's more, Anxin, don't you have confidence in your brother? Do you think I'm not a match for this guy? "
Ai Hu and Ai Anxin weren't from any aristocratic families. The Ai Clan they belonged to was only a fourth-grade aristocratic family in a large border world. Compared to the seventh-grade, eighth-grade, ninth-grade, and tenth-grade aristocratic families in the universe, it was really too ordinary.
It was under such a foundation that Ai Hu was able to swiftly become famous and even be chosen by the Lingyan Pavilion. He had always relied on himself. As for the charity of others, he had always been disdainful of it. How could he tolerate his own sister pleading for him?
Luo Zheng really intended to directly admit defeat …
However, since Ai Hu had said so, he couldn't say anything. The brother and sister seemed to have the same temperament and were as proud as anything. He couldn't help but shake his head. Encountering such a dramatic scene, he also felt somewhat helpless.
After Ai Hu finished speaking, he turned to Luo Zheng and smiled faintly. "You're Luo Zheng, right?"
Luo Zheng nodded.
"With the cultivation of fifth level Life and Death realm, you were able to reach this round and become my opponent. You're indeed not bad. So, don't listen to my sister's words. Bring out your full strength!" Ai Hu said sternly. "If I can't defeat an opponent whose cultivation is far below mine, then I'll give up my freedom!"
Luo Zheng couldn't help but roll his eyes in his heart. He couldn't help but mutter to himself about the brother and sister's characters.
Opposite him, Ai Anxin felt very conflicted. She also knew her brother's character. The possibility of persuading her brother in this kind of situation was too small. Therefore, this battle was very worrying for her.
"Make your move." Ai Hu's expression also became more and more serious. Although Luo Zheng was only at fifth level Life and Death realm, he still couldn't defeat Ai Hu.
Since his opponent had said so, Luo Zheng lightly held his Thunder Wind Divine Sword horizontally and made a "please" gesture.
Soon after, a sword light burst out from the tip of the sword. The lightning and wind blades wrapped around a figure and rushed towards Ai Hu.
Outside the ancient palace, the discussions of many cultivators about Ai Hu didn't stop. Instead, it became even more intense …
"Why didn't Luo Zheng admit defeat?!"
"I saw that Luo Zheng had the intention to admit defeat, but Ai Hu didn't want to!"
"Hmph! What kind of person is Ai Hu? Does he need Luo Zheng to admit defeat? What a joke! "