The discussions in the outside world couldn't reach the Illusory Space.
Ai Anxin originally planned to watch the battle between her brother and Luo Zheng. However, her opponent didn't give her the time to do so …
"Little girl, don't watch anymore. Hehe …" While the cultivator was laughing maliciously, streams of gloomy ghost energy suddenly surged out from his body. The ghost energy transformed into fist-sized skulls and shot toward Ai Anxin.
This battle concerned her brother's freedom. How could Ai Anxin be in the mood to fight with her opponent?
However, she didn't take the attack head-on. Her body fluttered and her long hair swirled in the air. Her beautiful eyes were still fixed on Luo Zheng …
Facing Luo Zheng's sword move, Ai Hu laughed boldly. His body flickered with golden light as he grabbed the wind blade with his bare hands!
"Cough …"
The sharp wind blade was instantly torn apart by Ai Hu. As for the lightning that struck Ai Hu, it didn't affect him in the slightest. Then, facing Luo Zheng's Serene Spirit Shadow, Ai Hu smashed it with a punch.
After receiving Luo Zheng's first move, Ai Hu took a step forward and dashed toward Luo Zheng!
Luo Zheng's expression was calm. No matter what happened before, once Luo Zheng entered battle mode, he would focus on the battle in front of him. He wouldn't think too much about other things.
"Whoosh whoosh whoosh …"
In the blink of an eye, more than ten Serene Spirit Shadows shot out from Luo Zheng's hands!
Seeing the surging Serene Spirit Shadows, Ai Hu roared. The golden light on his body became even brighter. His entire person was like a golden man. The light was dazzling!
Luo Zheng's Serene Spirit Shadows were fierce, but as soon as they got close to Ai Hu, they were instantly shattered. They couldn't hurt him at all …
"Ai Hu's mastery of the Law of Metal has already reached a decent level. I'm afraid it will be very troublesome for Luo Zheng …" a Palace Master commented.
But another Palace Lord shook his head and said, "Not necessarily. Since this Luo Zheng was able to cross the fire pool, he must have some unknown secrets. In the first 24 rounds of the trial, he only relied on the Thunderstorm Divine Sword. Ai Hu might be able to force him to use his trump card, but the result is hard to say."
The evaluations of these Palace Masters were naturally much more pertinent compared to the warriors of the Thirteen Palaces.
As for the warriors from the Thirteen Palaces, they kept flattering Ai Hu …
After tearing apart Luo Zheng's Nether God Shadows one by one, Ai Hu strode forward, rapidly closing in on Luo Zheng. At the same time, the Law of Time suddenly erupted from Ai Hu's body. In the blink of an eye, time on the entire platform slowed down!
However, Luo Zheng only needed a thought to undo the bindings of Ai Hu's Law of Time.
The Law of Time was the opposite of the Law of Time. It was only that they were not affected by each other. Ai Hu's move was just a test, but it was almost inevitable that a warrior who could stand in this position would cultivate the Law of Time.
"Nether God Shadows …"
After undoing the Law of Time, Luo Zheng's figure retreated once again. The Nether God Shadows continued to entangle him. Each of the Nether God Shadows used a different fist technique and surrounded him from different directions.
"It's useless," Ai Hu said with a faint smile. This time, he did not even put up any defense. His body was like a raging bull, directly crashing into the Nether God Shadows. The Nether God Shadows that came close to him were directly smashed by him …
With the force of his impact, even a mountain range would be easily destroyed by him. "I know your strength is definitely more than this. If you want to defeat me, then let's see what your trump card is like!"
Facing Ai Hu, who was getting closer and closer, Luo Zheng's legs were like the wind, constantly moving horizontally along the platform, releasing the Nether God Shadows again!
Seeing that Luo Zheng was still the same as before, Ai Hu shook his head. "I already told you that this move is useless. Since you insist on using the sword in your hand to defeat me, then I'll … remove your weapon!"
After saying that, Ai Hu's hands suddenly crossed together, and a round golden ring suddenly appeared in front of him!
The moment the golden ring appeared, Luo Zheng suddenly felt a strong suction force coming from his Thunder and Wind Nether God Sword, almost making it fly out of his hand!
How strong was Luo Zheng's strength? That golden ring almost made him unable to wield his sword. This suction force also made Luo Zheng's heart jump.
Ai Hu's face showed a trace of surprise when he found that his golden ring did not pull Luo Zheng's sword over. However, he shouted again, and the golden ring suddenly expanded three times in size, and the suction force became several times stronger!
This time, Luo Zheng's face was expressionless. The suction force was indeed strong, but was it purely a competition of strength? Who could be his opponent?
With the influx of the power of the dragon scale, the longsword in his hand became even more stable. Not to mention the sword hilt in Luo Zheng's hand, even the sword itself did not sway in the slightest!
"Huh?"
Ai Hu's face showed a stunned expression …
He mainly cultivated the Metal Elemental Law, and using the Metal Elemental Law to display the "Everlasting Golden Ring" could almost disarm some magical weapons. Under such a suction force, Luo Zheng's sword was not pulled away, which made him very surprised! This guy's strength seemed to be extraordinary?
Was strength his trump card?
Thinking of this, Ai Hu crossed his hands again, and the golden ring expanded again. When the Metal Elemental Law was cultivated to an extremely high level, it was also an extremely domineering existence!
In fact, every Origin Law, as long as it was used properly, had the power to destroy heaven and earth. Therefore, there was a saying in the Upper Realm: there was no strongest Law, only the strongest martial artist.
Who was strong and who was weak depended on the person who used these Laws and these Cultivation Methods!
Feeling the inexplicable suction force, Luo Zheng smiled slightly, and the power of the dragon scale quickly flowed out. How could he allow his sword to be taken away by his opponent?
The two of them confronted each other like this for a while, and they were almost evenly matched. While Ai Hu was puzzled, he grabbed the golden ring in his hand, and with a light turn, rays of golden light shot toward Luo Zheng. This battle was also in a stalemate …
As for Ai Anxin's side, she had already activated her movement technique to the extreme. While dodging her opponent's attacks, she was also paying attention to her brother's battle.
"Little girl, be more serious. Otherwise, you might lose if you're not careful," the ghost cultivator laughed cruelly.
Ai Anxin's expression was cold. She was no longer in the mood to continue fighting. So what if she won against her opponent? Now, she only wanted her brother to win!
However, this ghost cultivator attached great importance to this battle. After all, this was related to his freedom. Taking advantage of Ai Anxin's distraction, he pressed her step by step.
Luo Zheng was constantly dodging the golden light. At the same time, he also had to maintain a certain amount of strength to prevent his Thundergale Ghost Sword from being sucked away by Ai Hu. For a moment, he was somewhat passive.
The Ghost Shadow was probably ineffective against Ai Hu. Although Ai Hu's Metal Attribute Cultivation Method was overbearing, it didn't mean that Luo Zheng couldn't do anything to Ai Hu. He could use the Ghost Shadow to send Xun, who was hidden in the Ghost Shadow. With Xun's current strength, she could display the power of the Sword Spirit Body. Combined with the Cold Plum Ancient Blood Spear, she only needed one spear to kill Ai Hu.
However, Xun's identity was sensitive. In this place, other than Yun Luo, he didn't trust anyone else. Moreover, he really didn't need Xun's help in this kind of battle.
Thinking of this, Luo Zheng put away the Thundergale Ghost Sword. His figure flashed, and he actually charged toward Ai Hu!
This Ai Hu was forcing Luo Zheng to fight him in close combat. Seeing this scene, a faint smile appeared on his face. What he was most proud of was his body!
Nourished by the Metal Attribute Law, he cultivated the Metal Spirit Body, which was comparable to a Divine Artifact. Coupled with the explosive power of his Body Refining Technique, who could be his opponent in close combat?
"Finally not wasting any more time?" Ai Hu smiled faintly.
Luo Zheng's expression was calm. He didn't speak, but the strength in his body had been accumulating for a long time. He faced Ai Hu, who was shining with golden light!
"Boom!"
Ai Hu, who was originally extremely confident in his physical body, didn't retreat at all. He also returned a punch. There was no technique or fanciness. At this moment, the two of them were competing with the strength of their physical bodies. They were both using the strength they were proud of!