If an ordinary Divine Sea Realm expert was so close to Ai Hu, they would definitely be smashed to pieces by this punch.
In the World of Villains, Ai Hu had killed countless warriors with a single punch. It was only by relying on his "Gold Spirit Body" that Ai Hu was able to survive until now.
However, the moment Ai Hu came into contact with Luo Zheng, the power he felt was as vast as the sea. It was simply immeasurable!
The golden light on his physical body showed signs of spreading. His feet stepped on the platform, and he kept retreating, and retreating again and again …
Ai Hu's body only stopped when he reached the edge of the platform!
For this brat to be able to display such power, his physical body must be even stronger than mine! " Ai Hu's face revealed a look of surprise and uncertainty.
Every cultivation method and law had their own characteristics. He couldn't tell what law Luo Zheng mainly cultivated, but it definitely wasn't the Gold Elemental Law. The greatest pride of warriors who cultivated the Gold Elemental Law was their Invincible Vajra Body!
How did Luo Zheng cultivate his body to such a tyrannical level?
What he didn't know was that Luo Zheng was also secretly amazed.
He had already used the strength of 8,000 dragon scales in that punch.
An average warrior in the Spirit Sea Realm would not be able to withstand the power of two or three thousand dragon scales. Even Battle Emperor Yu the Great of the four Divine Kingdoms was forced to retreat by one punch. If he were to be hit by the power of eight thousand dragon scales, he would be killed with one punch!
But now, he only forced Ai Hu to retreat. Ai Hu's strength was indeed more powerful than he had imagined!
Outside the ancient temple, the warriors were constantly sighing as they watched the battle. This kind of hand-to-hand combat was indeed very bloody. At this time, they didn't care about the outcome of the battle. Instead, they hoped that the battle would be more exciting.
"This is what you rely on." Ai Hu nodded. "A body comparable to a Divine Artifact and an extremely terrifying power. Very good …" After Ai Hu finished speaking, the smile on his face became wider and wider. His eyes became more serious and cautious. "However, I'm afraid you can't beat me with just this!"
After he finished speaking, a crack bloomed on his forehead. A small green stone appeared on his forehead.
When Luo Zheng noticed the green stone, a trace of caution appeared on his face.
At the same time, Xun's voice transmitted in his mind. "Luo Zheng, be careful. That's the Jade Gate Immortal Combat!"
"Jade Gate Immortal Combat? What's that? "Luo Zheng asked.
Xun didn't have much time to explain. "It's something with a great origin. After the Jade Gate Immortal Combat starts, his strength will soar … It's strange that the Human Clan's Torch Inheritance would arrange such a difficult trial …"
At the same time, the Sunset Realmlord's gaze also froze on Ai Hu's forehead. "The siblings actually both possess the rare Jade Gate Celestial Duel.
Another Palace Lord asked, "Since Ai Anxin has the Life Providence of the Battle of the Worlds, what about his brother?"
Yun Luo shook her head. "I'm afraid we'll have to ask someone to divine it …"
Luo Zheng knew that the Jade Gate Immortal Combat was an extraordinary item. Naturally, he became even more vigilant. Just as the next round of close combat was about to begin, he suddenly heard a delicate shout!
"Scram, I'm not in the mood to fight with you. If you continue to pester me, die!"
This voice came from Ai Anxin. Ever since she saw her brother, she no longer had the heart to continue fighting. However, her opponent kept pestering her.
Hearing this, Luo Zheng and Ai Hu stopped fighting at the same time. Their gazes also focused on the other side …
That ghost cultivator transformed into countless ghost heads. Accompanied by gusts of cold wind, they surrounded Ai Anxin and forced her into a dead end!
"Little girl, since it's a trial, I can't just sit back and do nothing. You can just admit defeat!"
At this moment, Ai Anxin finally exploded!
She casually threw away the cyan longsword in her hand. Her whole body flipped in the air, dragging her black hair. The crack on her forehead grew bigger and bigger, and the cyan stone bloomed with a strange power!
Cyan halos lingered around her. Then, a small light spot burst out from between her eyebrows.
The moment he looked at this light spot, Luo Zheng felt an extremely dangerous feeling in his heart. This meant that this light spot could definitely threaten Luo Zheng's life!
In the next moment, that light spot suddenly enlarged in Luo Zheng's eyes. It turned into a ball of light. Then, it expanded again and turned into a ball of light. That ball of light was as tall as a person. It directly enveloped Ai Anxin …
At this moment, this ball of light began to rapidly spread.
In the blink of an eye, it enveloped the entire platform.
That ghost cultivator had no space to dodge at all. Naturally, he was swallowed by that ball of light!
The cyan ball of light blossomed with a dazzling light. It was almost impossible to open one's eyes. When that huge ball of light slowly dissipated, even Luo Zheng couldn't help but gasp!
"Hiss …"
The round platform in this illusory space was built on top of stone pillars. Because it was an illusory space, the things inside weren't real objects. Instead, they were created using divine rune illusionary arrays. Therefore, when it was built, the strength of the cultivator was naturally taken into consideration!
Under normal circumstances, these platforms couldn't be damaged. Previously, they had withstood so many cultivators' battles, but there weren't any traces left on these platforms. From this, one could see how sturdy these platforms were!
However, when the light dissipated, that ghost cultivator had already disappeared. His entire body was probably annihilated!
Along with the Ghost cultivator, the entire platform had disappeared. Now, only a bare stone pillar was left on the platform. The top of the stone pillar had been eroded by the light, forming a curved concave surface. At this moment, Ai Anxin was kneeling in the center, her fine black hair flowing down the stone pillar.
After using this move, she looked over with a pale face. Obviously, that move just now had used a lot of her strength. It was even possible that she had burned her blood essence.
"Brother, do your best …" However, in the illusory space, it was only a projection. Even if she burned her blood essence, it didn't matter.
In this way, Ai Anxin could be considered to have passed the ultimate trial. However, the plain-clothed old man probably considered this situation and didn't let Ai Anxin leave the illusory space. Instead, he let her stay inside to watch the battle.
On the other side of Changsu Island, Rao An saw this scene and frowned slightly …
He suddenly had a bad premonition.
He didn't care what the relationship between Ai Hu and Ai Anxin was. The key was that Ai Hu had to defeat Luo Zheng!
Previously, he already felt that Ai Anxin was inferior to Luo Zheng. However, the strength that Ai Anxin had erupted with now shocked Rao An. At the same time, he was even more worried about Ai Hu. If he lost, he would be very helpless.
"However, in everything, effort is 70%, and 30% is predestined." Rao An shook his head. His state of mind was very stable. He was actually very open-minded about these things.
Ai Hu smiled slightly. He was also very happy that his sister could grow to this extent. After activating the Jade Gate Immortal Battle, the golden light on Ai Hu's body became even brighter. He clenched his fist tightly and then smiled proudly at Luo Zheng. "Come!"
Luo Zheng nodded. In fact, he also understood that the outcome of this battle was no longer important. Ai Hu's temperament was as proud as Ai Anxin's, but he couldn't be considered very annoying.
It wasn't easy to meet such an opponent, so Luo Zheng was also very excited. Therefore, his gaze became slightly focused. At the same time, in the sky above the ancient palace, above the boundless starry sky of the Orange Sea Realm, a few rays of starlight suddenly appeared!
These stars had always been hanging above the universe, illuminating countless large realms …
However, due to the distance, they usually didn't attract attention and didn't bloom with such dazzling brilliance!
However, at this moment, those rays of starlight pierced through the distance and shot towards the ancient palace!
Almost as soon as those stars shined, the Sunset World Master's eyebrows relaxed. His expression became increasingly strange. "Don't tell me that Luo Zheng cultivates the Stellar War Body!"
Another Palace Master also said, "It's the transcendent divine might left behind by Empyrean Stellar! Where did this Luo Zheng learn it from? "
＝＝＝＝＝