In the higher realms, a transcendent divine might was an extremely rare existence.
Only an Empyrean could create a transcendent divine might!
In this world, the compilation of cultivation methods all relied on the Laws of the universe to create …
For instance, visualization techniques were created by visualizing all things in the world. Or, one could rely on one's deep comprehension of the Laws to create a new cultivation method.
But, normal martial arts only involved the lower Laws of the Laws. As for transcendent divine mights, they involved the higher Laws, in other words, the Laws of Cause and Effect.
Once something involved the Laws of Cause and Effect, it was inevitably an extraordinary treasure. For instance, the Blackstar Pickaxe in Luo Zheng's hands only had a Law of Cause and Effect that wasn't suited for combat. Even so, it was still enough to be ranked in the top 3000 of the Universal Myriad Spirit Tablet …
But magic tools and weapons were only external objects. As for transcendent divine mights, they allowed one to control the Laws of Cause and Effect. The disparity between them was far too great.
After all, a life's wisdom was infinite. Grasping a transcendent divine might was the same as opening a gate to the highest Laws of the universe, allowing one to grow without limit. But, once a supreme divine tool was formed, it could no longer be changed …
Because of a lucky chance, the Sunset World Lord had once grasped a transcendent divine might. It was also because of this that he had leapt from an ordinary World Lord to a Great World Lord. Of the 13 Heavenly Palaces' Palace Masters and Vice Palace Masters, only Yun Luo possessed a transcendent divine might. And the reason Yun Luo possessed a transcendent divine might was because of her background. As an Empyrean descendant, she naturally had the qualifications to cultivate a transcendent divine might!
The difficulty of cultivating a transcendent divine might was extremely high. Every transcendent divine might had different difficulties. The reason Yun Luo cultivated the Million Soul Fusing Art was to pave the way for her own transcendent divine might …
As for Luo Zheng, after obtaining the Stellar War Body, he had spent a great deal of time cultivating it. But, he was still too young and had only managed to cultivate the Stellar War Body to the third level. Moreover, his Stellar War Body was still incomplete …
Even so, when Luo Zheng displayed the Starry Battle Body and attracted several stars, many Palace Masters were still stunned.
"The Stellar Celestial Sovereign spent his entire life trying to comprehend the constellations. Back then, he used the power of the constellations in the sky to transform into a broken star sword to slay the First Demon Heavenly Sovereign of the Devil Race. However, he suffered a backlash from the First Demon Heavenly Sovereign's fate curse, exchanging a life for a life. It's truly a pity that he died just like that. I remember that the Stellar Celestial Sovereign didn't have a successor. I wonder where this brat inherited the Stellar Battle Body from?" A palace lord asked.
The Sunset Realm Lord looked up at the stars in the sky and said, "In the end, he has his own destiny. This kid has so many secrets that even I can't see through them. If my second son doesn't die, there will be a place for him in the universe …"
Yun Luo did not participate in this discussion.
She was the one who understood Luo Zheng the most and was most interested in him.
Don't talk about the fate of the Fateless. This was a common saying among those who deduced fate. Because Luo Zheng had two fate horoscopes, his future path was even more complicated and confusing. This great world might become more interesting because of Luo Zheng's appearance.
In the Illusory Space, starlight superimposed on Luo Zheng's body, and the power of the stars condensed on his body became denser.
The Stellar Battle Body was very different from other cultivation methods. As more stars were connected to this cultivation method, its power would become stronger and stronger!
Seeing this, Ai Hu's expression became more and more serious …
Back at the Dao Fruit Convention, he had clashed with the son of the Heavenly Sovereign Feng Nu. As a commoner, he had trampled the Heavenly Sovereign, who was two levels higher than him, under his feet. How confident had he been in his own strength?
Ai Hu had never thought that he would be locked in a fight with someone who was one level lower than him!
Now he understood that there were too many monsters in this world!
Without thinking too much, the golden light on Ai Hu's body once again enveloped his body, and the blue stone on his forehead constantly flickered with a faint blue light!
"Whoosh whoosh …"
On this platform, the two figures once again rushed towards each other.
At this moment, Ai Anxin's hands clenched into fists, and her eyes were a little dazed …
Big brother is still too stubborn. All kinds of distracting thoughts appeared in Ai Anxin's mind.
Big brother, you can definitely defeat Luo Zheng!
Even if you lose, it doesn't matter. I will definitely find a way to save you from the Demon Realm …
Her thoughts swayed left and right. On one hand, she still had a strong confidence in her brother, but on the other hand, she was afraid of Luo Zheng's unfathomable strength. Whether she, Ai Anxin, was willing to admit it or not, Luo Zheng's hidden strength was more amazing than she imagined!
"Boom!"
Under this collision, the golden light suddenly collapsed, and the power of the stars was constantly shaking.
Apart from the dazzling light, Ai Anxin, who was far away, could not see anything clearly …
"Did I win?" Ai Anxin suddenly stood up and stood on the lonely stone pillar, waiting for the light on the platform to dissipate!
At this moment, a few muffled sounds came from the light, and Ai Anxin saw a figure fly out from it.
Ai Anxin's eyes focused, and a happy expression appeared on her face. She saw that the warrior who flew out was Luo Zheng!
After his body flew out of the platform, he fell into the surging clouds in the illusory space. This way, Luo Zheng was eliminated!
Ai Hu stood in the center of the platform, and cracks appeared on his body. Under his sword-like eyebrows, his eyes revealed a contemplative expression.
"Big brother! You won! "
All of her previous worries were completely resolved at this moment!
In the challenge of the illusory space, Luo Zheng did not pass the ultimate trial. She defeated Luo Zheng! And her brother, who defeated Luo Zheng, obtained his freedom!
This kind of double joy rushed into Ai Anxin's heart, and she was also very excited!
Ai Hu smiled faintly when he heard Ai Anxin's words. However, his smile was a little forced. Being able to regain his freedom was indeed a joyous occasion for him. Moreover, being reunited with his sister made him feel like his life had undergone a huge reversal!
However, in Ai Hu's heart, it was as clear as a mirror that Luo Zheng should have held back when they exchanged blows!
Because the power that Luo Zheng had just burst out was not even half of his previous power. With Ai Hu's keen insight, if Luo Zheng had used his full strength, the limit of his power would have been far greater than that.
I was actually pitied by a little guy. I will still find you to settle accounts, Ai Hu said indifferently in his heart.
In the ancient palace, Luo Zheng's eyes suddenly opened, and a trace of helplessness hung on his face. He then slowly walked out of the ancient palace.
Luo Zheng was not a good person, but whether or not he could pass the ultimate trial did not mean much to him. After all, the ultimate trial was just a challenge.
Seeing the miserable expression on Ai Anxin's face, which was no different from Luo Yan's, Luo Zheng's heart faintly moved …
Outside the ancient palace, the linen-clothed old man floating in the air had a strange expression on his face. The Palace Masters, Yun Luo, and the Sunset Realm Lord all had strange smiles on their faces.
They all came to the same conclusion. Luo Zheng had definitely held back just now!
The only reason Luo Zheng was waterproof could only be to help Ai Hu obtain his freedom.
Relatively speaking, Luo Zheng and Ai Anxin were in an absolute competition, not to mention that Ai Anxin had repeatedly provoked Luo Zheng …
"I didn't expect Luo Zheng to be such a good person." A Palace Master shook his head and said, "In this world of martial arts where natural selection prevails, kindness is not an advantage."
However, the Sunset Realm Lord laughed mischievously and said meaningfully, "For the weak, kindness is a fatal danger, but for the strong, kindness is just a kind of charity …"
In this universe, every race and every living being was in danger. It was full of uncertainty and turbulence, forming a world where the strong preyed on the weak. When a person's strength was not enough, kindness would often suffer the backlash of evil intentions. However, when this person's strength was strong enough, it did not matter even if he took a step back, because his foundation was not enough to be easily shaken by others!