Soon after, Ai Anxin also exited the Illusory Space.
At this time, Ai Anxin's face was beaming with happiness!
Before her brother left the Illusory Space, he told Ai Anxin that he should be released soon, and then he would come to Misty Cloud Palace to find her! In other words, it would not be long before the two of them were reunited.
Just as she walked out of the ancient palace, she looked at Luo Zheng, and a smile appeared on her face almost involuntarily, with some pride in her eyes.
Now she was the only cultivator who had passed the ultimate test of the Illusory Space!
However, Ai Anxin also admitted that her opponent's strength was far inferior to her brother's.
Her brother assigned Luo Zheng as his opponent could only mean that Luo Zheng's luck was not good. This did not mean that she was stronger than Luo Zheng, it only meant that her luck was better than Luo Zheng's! A cultivator's luck was originally a part of their strength!
Luo Zheng just nodded indifferently to Ai Anxin, his face unperturbed and very calm.
Ai Anxin saw Luo Zheng's expression and was slightly disappointed. He was defeated by her brother, causing him to lose to her in this trial. Shouldn't this guy be a little disappointed? Why couldn't she find any disappointment on Luo Zheng's face?
In this way, Ai Anxin was a little depressed, but when she thought that her brother would soon be reunited with her, this little depression was quickly forgotten!
After Luo Zheng and Ai Anxin left the Illusory Space, the linen-clothed old man announced the rankings of this time's Torch Inheritance, and then gave out the rewards for this time's Torch Inheritance.
Calamity Annihilation Pill, divine tool, Ten Direction Calamity Guide Pill …
The vast majority of Heavenly Palace cultivators would receive a Calamity Annihilation Pill as a reward, which was a benefit of participating in the Torch Inheritance.
And the cultivators who broke through three thousand miles in One Thought Sealed Tower would receive a Secondary First Grade divine tool as a reward above the Calamity Annihilation Pill.
For warriors of their level, a Secondary Grade One Divine Artifact was already a pretty good reward. However, the number of warriors who were qualified to receive a Secondary Grade One Divine Artifact was also greatly reduced. After all, a lot of people had been eliminated at the three thousand mile mark.
Next, the linen-clothed old man read out the names of several people …
These names were the cultivators who broke through ten thousand miles, and they were qualified to receive the Ten Direction Calamity Guide Pill!
The value of this elixir was much more valuable than that of a first-grade divine artifact.
Luo Zheng and Ai Anxin were both on the list. The cultivators whose names were called were summoned to the side of the linen-clothed old man. The linen-clothed old man took out a small jade flask, from which wisps of icy cold air were emitted.
"The Ten Direction Calamity Bringer Pill's medicinal properties are special. Once it leaves the Ice Heart Jade Pot, its medicinal power will evaporate for a short period of time. Once it's evaporated, the pill will be like a rock. After you obtain this Ten Direction Calamity Bringer Pill, you must quickly consume it," the old man said.
Swallow it? now?
Luo Zheng was..
. The Ten Direction Calamity Guide Pill could attract heavenly tribulation, but its most important function was to help 9th tribulation cultivators attract the legendary tenth heavenly tribulation!
After triggering the tenth heavenly tribulation, one would be able to obtain a flawless Spirit Sea. This was also the reason why all the major races valued 9th layer Life and Death Realm martial artists. Martial artists who could reach the 9th layer of Life and Death Realm had a much deeper foundation than ordinary martial artists, but the most important thing was the flawless Spirit Sea that was opened in their Dantian!
The cultivators beside Luo Zheng were either Divine Sea Realm cultivators or 9th Life and Death Realm cultivators. In contrast, Luo Zheng was the only 5th Life and Death Realm cultivator.
This made Luo Zheng a little depressed.
Ai Anxin was in a good mood. Seeing Luo Zheng's expression, she smiled and said, "Luo Zheng, why don't you give me the Ten Direction Calamity Guide Pill? I want to see if taking two Ten Direction Calamity Guide Pills in a row can attract the eleventh heavenly tribulation!"
The linen-clothed old man glanced at Ai Anxin indifferently and shook his head slightly.
A cultivator beside him said, "The tenth Life and Death Realm heavenly tribulation should be the limit, right? After breaking through the tenth heavenly tribulation, the Spirit Sea opened would be flawless. I've never heard of anyone going through the eleventh heavenly tribulation. "
Right at this moment, the linen-clothed old man said indifferently, "The tenth heavenly tribulation is already a perfect existence, but … there might be someone in this world who has attracted the eleventh heavenly tribulation …."
"Really?" A cultivator asked in astonishment.
The linen-clothed old man nodded, "But that's already a legend among legends. It has nothing to do with you. You guys, take the pills!"
After saying this, the linen-clothed old man lightly patted the Ice Heart Jade Pot. Brown pills shot out from the jade pot and landed in the hands of the cultivators.
This brown pill wasn't round or square, but had ten cross-sections. When it landed in the hands of the cultivators, they immediately felt a touch of coldness. Luo Zheng held the Ten Direction Calamity Guide Pill in his hand, and a trace of a bitter smile appeared on his face.
He was about to break through to the sixth level of Life and Death realm. It seemed that this Ten Direction Calamity Guide Pill was really a bit of a waste for him.
It would've been fine if he could store it, but he had to swallow it once he left the Ice Heart Jade Pot.
"I'll use a first grade divine tool to exchange for this Ten Direction Calamity Guide Pill. It won't be a waste. How about this?" Ai Anxin walked to Luo Zheng's side and asked. She believed that this was a transaction, and Luo Zheng had no reason to refuse.
Hearing this, Luo Zheng indifferently shook his head and faintly smiled, "No need. I can still afford to waste this Ten Direction Calamity Guide Pill!"
Although Luo Zheng didn't have any Zhen Yuanyu, if he exchanged some good things, they would be priceless treasures. A first grade divine tool might not be enough to catch Luo Zheng's attention.
"Alright!" Ai Anxin didn't insist.
Then, these martial artists swallowed the Ten Direction Calamity Guide Pill. Luo Zheng also stuffed the ice-cold pill in his hand into his mouth.
The World Yuan Qi in the Orange Ocean Realm was dense, and with these Palace Masters guarding it, it was indeed a good place to undergo tribulation.
The most outstanding martial artists were arranged in an open area. After a certain distance, they sat down cross-legged and began to dissolve the medicinal efficacy in their bodies.
The Ten Direction Calamity Guide Pill could attract heavenly tribulation, but it wasn't a sure thing. There was a certain probability of failure. Therefore, not every martial artist could attract heavenly tribulation. Moreover, each martial artist attracted heavenly tribulation at a different time.
The first one to attract heavenly tribulation was Xue Muyang. After an incense stick's worth of time, Xue Muyang's tenth heavenly tribulation arrived.
After surviving the tenth heavenly tribulation, Xue Muyang would be able to break through to the Divine Sea Realm. When the Divine Sea Realm opened, his strength would also increase by a lot. Only those in the Divine Sea Realm were qualified to be independent in the Upper Realm. This was the beginning of the Upper Realm martial artists.
"I didn't expect Xue Muyang to be the first to attract the tenth heavenly tribulation. Looking at the power of his heavenly tribulation, it doesn't seem weak!"
"This Xue Muyang isn't bad. Who told you he's weak? He was ranked third in the Law Storm. If it weren't for the existence of the two monstrous geniuses, Luo Zheng and Ai Anxin, he would be first! "
"Lotus Flower, the Lotus Flower is coming out. The Nine Leaf Lotus Flower!"
In the midst of the discussion, a faint shadow of a lotus flower quietly floated above Xue Muyang's head.
All the lotus leaves of this lotus flower had already unfolded and slowly rotated above Xue Muyang's head …
Just like the evaluation of those martial artists, whether it was talent or strength, Xue Muyang was definitely at the top of the younger generation in the entire Alliance. He should have shone brightly, but compared to the two rising stars, Luo Zheng and Ai Anxin, who came out of nowhere, he seemed to be overshadowed.
Whether it was the Palace Masters or the Sunset Realm Master, they didn't pay much attention to this person …
"Boom …"
"Beehive Divine Thunder!"
"Evil Fire Poison …"
"Wind Shadow …"
"This tenth minor heavenly tribulation is really no small matter!"
As Xue Muyang began to undergo the tribulation, the minor heavenly tribulation that descended became more and more intense.
Many Palace Masters' faces were calm. At their level, the power of this heavenly tribulation wasn't enough to make them feel too much.