Many Palace Masters didn't pay attention to Luo Zheng.
The reason was simple. Whether it was minor or major tribulation, each tribulation was stronger than the last.
Luo Zheng was at the fifth level of Life and Death realm. If he were to undergo tribulation now, he would be facing the sixth minor tribulation, which naturally couldn't compare to the tenth minor tribulation.
Therefore, everyone's attention was naturally focused on Ai Anxin.
As Xue Muyang initiated his tenth minor tribulation, the martial artist surnamed Li's tenth minor tribulation also arrived. In addition, several other martial artists' minor tribulations were continuously descending!
For a moment, the sky was densely filled with all kinds of tribulation power, which was vast and powerful ….
After a full two hours …
Xue Muyang's minor tribulation finally ended. After the lotus flower gently rotated, the lotus flower's illusory image also gradually dissipated.
He had opened up a Flawless Spirit Sea inside his body. This kind of Divine Sea Realm warrior was the most perfect Divine Sea Realm warrior. As his cultivation increased, the Flawless Spirit Sea would bring him more and more benefits. There were even some cultivation methods that required a Flawless Spirit Sea in order to use them!
At this moment, Xue Muyang closed his eyes, consolidating his cultivation ….
However, until now, Ai Anxin and Luo Zheng's minor tribulation still hadn't arrived.
The Ten Direction Trial Pellet also had a certain probability of failure. After such a long time, the minor tribulation still hadn't arrived. Ai Anxin was slightly impatient in her heart. It didn't matter whether Luo Zheng's sixth tribulation came or not. After all, as his cultivation increased, it would come sooner or later.
However, her tenth minor tribulation was the most important one. She naturally didn't want to miss this opportunity.
Three hours later, the martial artists who had taken the Ten Direction Trial Pellet had passed through their tenth minor tribulation one after another. Martial artists who could reach the ninth level of Life and Death realm were all extremely outstanding. Although the heavenly tribulations they triggered were powerful, with their thorough preparations, they weren't in danger of dying.
However, there were still two people who immediately fainted after passing through their tenth minor tribulation. They had underestimated the power of the heavenly tribulation. In their haste to prepare, they had overdrawn their strength ….
"It's not here yet …." Ai Anxin's face became more and more unsightly.
On the contrary, Luo Zheng looked calm. After all, he was about to face his sixth minor tribulation, so he wasn't as anxious as Ai Anxin.
However, at this moment …
Ai Anxin suddenly realized that a faint shadow had appeared above her head. The shadow became more and more solid, and her Lotus Flower had appeared!
"They're here!" Ai Anxin was pleasantly surprised.
At the same time, a faint black dot began to appear in the sky. The black dot grew larger and larger, forming a black hole that was several feet wide. Purple lightning circled around the black hole, and mysterious divine runes faintly floated around the lightning. These divine runes weren't drawn by humans, and they seemed to be naturally formed!
"Heavenly Firmament Holy Lightning Tribulation!" A Palace Master's eyes suddenly shot out a beam of light.
"Heh heh, this girl … is no longer surprising. With such a cultivation base matching her strength, the heavens won't be blind!"
The heavens wouldn't be blind, and it wasn't a curse on Ai Anxin. After all, a cultivator's cultivation was originally against the heavens. The stronger the cultivator's strength, the more powerful the Heavenly Tribulation would be. The heavens naturally wouldn't mismatch the Heavenly Tribulation!
As for the other cultivators of the Thirteen Palaces, when they saw the Heavenly Firmament Holy Lightning Tribulation descending, they were all frightened. Some of them couldn't help but worry for Ai Anxin. If she was caught in such a powerful Heavenly Tribulation, wouldn't there be nothing left of her?
"Rumble …"
Although the tenth minor Heavenly Tribulation was powerful, Ai Anxin's strength was also extraordinary!
This woman's methods seemed to be limitless. From sealing the tower with a single thought to entering the dreamlike space, there was almost no repetition in the methods she used. Moreover, every method she used would be a trump card for any other martial artist!
After Ai Anxin passed the Heavenly Firmament Holy Lightning Tribulation, what came next was the "Invisible Fire", and then the "Cleansing Nightmare" …
These minor Heavenly Tribulations were all peak existences of the minor Heavenly Tribulations. Even the Palace Masters who were accustomed to the might of Heavenly Tribulations felt their hearts palpitate when they saw these Heavenly Tribulations.
In a minor heavenly tribulation, there would be several kinds of tribulations. The difficulty and power of these tribulations would also increase gradually. For example, the heavenly tribulations that Ai Anxin experienced would be the strongest wave of heavenly tribulations if placed on any other martial artist. But, she had to face them one by one, each one more terrifying than the last!
At this time, Ai Anxin had already erupted with all her strength. Her entire body danced in the sky as she resisted the unceasing Heavenly Tribulations with all her strength!
After a long time, the Heavenly Tribulations finally dissipated.
Ai Anxin's face was also filled with exhaustion. She slowly returned to the ground and sat down cross-legged. Although she was exhausted, her face still revealed a smile. After all, she had successfully passed the tenth minor Heavenly Tribulation. This was also the strongest Heavenly Tribulation she had ever faced.
At this time, everyone saw the lotus flower above her head begin to slowly rotate!
Generally speaking, after passing a Heavenly Tribulation, the lotus flower phantom would become fainter and fainter. Eventually, the entire lotus flower would completely disappear …
However, not only did the lotus flower above Ai Anxin's head not disappear, but it was also becoming more and more solid!
Seeing this, even the Sunset Realm Lord's expression became very serious. "This is …"
Yun Luo glanced indifferently and said, "She might be opening the Mahayana Lotus Flower."
"Very likely! Ai Anxin actually opened the Mahayana Lotus Flower when breaking through to the Divine Ocean Realm! This … "A Palace Lord said with an incredulous expression.
Even the experienced and knowledgeable Palace Masters found it difficult to remain calm in the face of such a scene.
People who could open the Mahayana Lotus Flower were already extremely rare. Moreover, Ai Anxin had just broken through to the Divine Ocean Realm, but she had already opened the Mahayana Lotus Flower. The significance of this was self-evident. When such a person matured, she would probably be an existence that surpassed the Heavenly Dao. How could they not be shocked?
The cultivators of the Thirteen Palaces had yet to recover from their shock …
To be able to participate in the Torch Inheritance, they were undoubtedly the elites of the Thirteen Palaces. The Thirteen Palaces gathered the elites of countless holy lands in the entire Alliance. Every one of them was not lacking in talent! At the very least, they were all cultivators who had opened the Five Leaf Lotus Flower.
However, the Mahayana Lotus Flower was at a level that they did not dare to imagine! However, the monstrous Ai Anxin was about to open the Mahayana Lotus Flower in front of everyone …
As the Mahayana Lotus Flower spun continuously, an even larger lotus flower appeared above it. This lotus flower was even larger than the one below it, and it had more lotus leaves.
There were nine leaves in the Hinayana Lotus Flower, and 29 leaves in the Mahayana Lotus Flower!
When the Mahayana Lotus Flower appeared, the first lotus leaf began to unfurl, followed by the second, third, fourth, and fifth leaves …
Ai Anxin raised her head and looked at the lotus leaves that kept opening. A faint smile appeared on her tired face.
With five leaves and the nine leaves of the Hinayana Lotus Flower, she had opened a total of fourteen leaves!
In the end, the Mahayana Lotus Flower stopped at five leaves. Not long after, it disappeared faintly.
The Palace Masters looked at Ai Anxin with complicated expressions. Although the Xin Huo inheritance was to inspect the juniors of the thirteen palaces, the things that Ai Anxin displayed were something that even the Palace Masters were envious of!
After her Mahayana Lotus Flower disappeared, Ai Anxin glanced at Luo Zheng and smiled faintly.
In the One Thought Sealed Tower, because Ai Anxin came out early, she was left far behind by Luo Zheng.
In the Illusory Space's trial, Luo Zheng lost to her brother. Although she won a city and had one more trial than Luo Zheng, her brother was too strong. Strictly speaking, she did not leave Luo Zheng too far behind!
This time, how could Luo Zheng compete with her?
Luo Zheng was not a fool. He easily understood the smile in Ai Anxin's eyes. However, his expression was still very calm, and his eyes were full of calmness.
He was concerned about his sixth minor heavenly tribulation. Why was it not here yet?
＝＝＝＝＝