The Ten Direction Calamity Bringer Pill couldn't have lost its effect, right?
He hadn't attracted the tenth minor tribulation, but the sixth. In fact, even if he hadn't taken the Ten Direction Calamity Bringer Pill, with his current cultivation level, the tribulation should have come naturally.
Why hadn't the minor tribulation come yet?
Yun Luo glanced at Ai Anxin's expression and frowned slightly. She was also looking forward to Luo Zheng's tribulation. Although it wasn't the tenth minor tribulation, she could observe how many lotus leaves Luo Zheng had opened through the tribulation.
However, she didn't like the look in Ai Anxin's eyes. This woman didn't seem to know that Luo Zheng had purposely held back and lost to her brother … Why didn't Luo Zheng explain it to her?
Now, only Luo Zheng hadn't undergone the tribulation.
The other warriors couldn't possibly wait forever for Luo Zheng. Not to mention, after taking the Ten Direction Calamity Bringer Pill, the Heavenly Tribulation would usually be triggered within two hours. Except for Ai Anxin, who was a special case, the Heavenly Tribulation would most likely not descend for the warriors who took longer than this time.
Someone suggested that the old man in linen clothes should remove the seal, which meant that the Torch Inheritance had come to an end.
The old man in linen clothes admired Luo Zheng very much. However, since the minor tribulation didn't come, it probably wouldn't come. He was very confident about this, so he nodded and said, "Okay!"
After saying that, he waved his hand and was about to remove the seal completely …
However, at this moment, dots of golden light suddenly appeared in the sky!
After the golden lights condensed, they entangled with each other and grew crazily like little golden snakes!
"Eh?" When the old man in linen clothes saw the little golden snakes, his face revealed a surprised expression. "What's that?"
Many palace masters, Yun Luo, the Sunset Realmlord, and the others all looked at the top of Luo Zheng's head in unison. Their faces were filled with strange expressions. Clearly, the thing that had appeared in front of them was very unfamiliar even to them, who had seen a lot of things!
When these little golden snakes appeared, a faint lotus shadow also appeared above Luo Zheng's head!
"It's here, Luo Zheng's sixth minor tribulation!"
"What's there to be excited about? Isn't it just the sixth minor tribulation? Which one of us hasn't experienced it? "
Luo Zheng's fifth level Life and Death realm cultivation was indeed very dazzling here. Among the Thirteen Palaces' martial artists, no one's cultivation was lower than his …
Everyone's experience, so this sixth minor tribulation wasn't anything to be surprised about.
As for Ai Anxin's Ten minor tribulation, she had to wait, her tenth minor tribulation, which was excusable. Even if it was a heavenly tribulation's, it still needed a long time to's's Heavenly Tribulation '. The stronger the tribulation's tribulation's Tribulation Bringer, Heavenly Tribulation's time, the time,'s't's.
Luo Zheng's' sixth minor tribulation's' brewing time was actually longer than hers. This was indeed a very strange thing!
"Speaking of which, I wonder how many leaves this fellow's lotus flower has sprouted …" With this thought in mind, Ai Anxin calmly observed Luo Zheng's lotus flower silhouette. The silhouette was becoming more and more solid.
However, as the lotus gradually solidified, Ai Anxin's brows furrowed more and more, and her pupils grew bigger and bigger!
Ai Anxin wasn't the only one!
At this moment, the Sunset Realm Master, many Palace Masters, and all the martial artists of the Thirteen Palaces, as well as the linen-clothed old man, were all staring at Luo Zheng's head.
Luo Zheng's lotus flower was the shadow of a Mahayana Lotus Flower …
What was even more frightening was that this Mahayana lotus didn't just have nine leaves at the bottom, it also had twenty-six leaves at the top, for a total of thirty-five leaves!
Ai Anxin's fourteen-leaf sprouts earlier was already shocking enough. This woman was many times more monstrous than they had imagined. They did not expect much from Luo Zheng. After all, Luo Zheng was only a sixth-stage Heavenly Tribulation cultivator. There was still a huge gap between him and a tenth-stage minor Heavenly Tribulation cultivator!
However, a thirty-five leaf lotus guy suddenly appeared in front of them. This gave them an extremely unreal feeling!
"It can't be fake, right …?"
Many warriors had the same thought in their minds. Seeing the phantom of the Mahayana Lotus Flower was indeed hard for them to accept.
"How can it be fake? How can it be fake?" Someone said.
"But … this guy's Mahayana lotus has already bloomed to such a degree. Why is he still only at the fifth level of Life and Death realm?" Someone else asked.
"You're asking me? Who should I ask?"
A faint smile hung on Yun Luo's face. When she tested Luo Zheng with the Scarlet Dawn Ring, she had already deduced that Luo Zheng had a Mahayana lotus.
However, she did not expect that Luo Zheng not only had the Mahayana Lotus Flower, but he had already sprouted twenty-six of the twenty-seven leaves on the Mahayana Lotus Flower. He only needed one more leaf to reach perfection!
Even though she had a premonition, this still greatly surprised Yun Luo.
Yun Luo had carefully analyzed her clone's memories and understood that Luo Zheng couldn't be looked at with ordinary eyes.
"Yun Luo, did you already know about this?" Sunset Realm Lord asked.
"Know about what?" Yun Luo feigned ignorance.
"About Luo Zheng having a Mahayana lotus?" Sunset Realm Lord asked.
Yun Luo faintly smiled, "I guessed a little. However, I didn't expect his Mahayana lotus to have already bloomed to such a degree …"
Sunset Realm Lord's gaze was complicated to the extreme. He only said indifferently, "I'm afraid that this guy's future isn't something our human race can control."
Hearing this, Yun Luo didn't say anything. However, in her heart, she thought, 'This guy's fate is too difficult to control. Moreover, strictly speaking, Luo Zheng has already joined the Heavenly Immortal Clan.'
Yun Luo couldn't directly tell Sunset Realm Lord these words. As for Luo Zheng's future path, Yun Luo still maintained her usual attitude and let him walk on his own.
Ai Anxin stared blankly at the lotus in the sky. The expression in her eyes grew more and more complicated. A sense of defeat surged in her heart.
The little bit of pride she had accumulated dissipated at this moment. The scene in front of her made her feel the gap between her and Luo Zheng even more clearly. This gap was almost insurmountable.
Strictly speaking, her Mahayana lotus had only bloomed five leaves.
Moreover, Ai Anxin had experienced the tenth minor heavenly tribulation, while Luo Zheng was only at the fifth level of Life and Death Realm. In other words, he had only experienced the fifth minor heavenly tribulation, but his Mahayana lotus had already bloomed twenty-six leaves …
What Ai Anxin didn't know was that Luo Zheng hadn't bloomed twenty-six leaves during the fifth minor heavenly tribulation. He had only broken through the Life and Death Realm for the first time. During the first minor heavenly tribulation, his lotus had already bloomed to such a degree! If she knew, Ai Anxin might vomit blood …
Even now, Ai Anxin still suffered a heavy blow!
Although this lotus was an illusory existence, it was precisely because of this that it could determine the possibility of a martial artist surpassing the heavenly dao in the future!
Moreover, this lotus couldn't be changed. How much it bloomed and when it bloomed was completely unknown. However, this was the direct difference. No matter how Ai Anxin thought about it, this was an unchangeable fact.
"This is too much …" Ai Anxin inexplicably muttered such a sentence in a low voice.
She felt that Luo Zheng had gone too far, but she had forgotten that from the beginning to the end, Luo Zheng had never intended to compete with her. Even when he participated in the Torch Flame Inheritance, Luo Zheng's initial goal was to obtain the Torch Flame Inheritance's reward!
On the contrary, Ai Anxin had been targeting Luo Zheng from the beginning to the end. She had even provoked Luo Zheng for no reason. But now, when Ai Anxin felt disappointed and wronged, she subconsciously believed that Luo Zheng's actions had been targeted at her from the beginning to the end!
As soon as the Mahayana Lotus Flower appeared, the small golden snakes in the sky began to elongate. From a few feet in length, they grew to several tens of feet in length, then to several tens of feet in length. As they circled in the air, they shot toward Luo Zheng.