The various Palace Lords looked at the Sunset Realm Lord in confusion. One of them asked, "What's not good about it?"
The Sunset Realm Lord's eyes were fixed on the golden snake as he spat out four words. "The Bamboo Snake of Annihilation!"
"Bamboo Snake? How could such a thing appear? "
"Now that you mention it, it does seem somewhat similar to the legends!"
"The Bamboo Snake of Annihilation … How could a Life and Death realm martial artist encounter such a legendary tribulation …"
These Palace Lords didn't recognize the origins of the Bamboo Snake, but after hearing the Sunset Realm Lord's words, they instantly understood.
The Hundred Thousand Great Realms had a clearer understanding of providence than the Lower Realms.
When martial artists cultivated in defiance of the heavens and ascended to the Divine Path, there was the saying of defying the heavens and changing one's fate.
Defying the heavens was naturally cultivating in defiance of the heavens. Starting from the Life and Death Realm, every step forward was defying the heavens, leaving a footprint and welcoming a heavenly tribulation!
Changing one's fate was changing one's own destiny! Although there was a predestined fate, every martial artist exhausted all means to jump out of this predestined fate!
In fact, everyone was constantly trying to escape from the predestined fate …
Mortals might face a bucket of water they couldn't lift, an unbreakable city, or a cup of poisoned wine bestowed by a monarch that they couldn't refuse.
On the other hand, martial artists might face a mountain they couldn't push down, an opponent they couldn't defeat, a heavenly tribulation that they couldn't resist even if they exhausted all their strength …
This was also the reason why the martial artists in the Upper Realm were so interested in the shadow of the lotus flower. It was because all the lives in the universe were included in the Heavenly Axiom, from the stars in the sky to the insects and ants. The number of lotus flowers represented the possibility of jumping out of the Heavenly Axiom!
Jumping out of the Heavenly Dao meant that the fate set by the Heavenly Dao was the end. Only then could one be considered true freedom. If one couldn't jump out of the Heavenly Dao, then one would be continuously reincarnated in one evolution cycle after another. After the next evolution cycle, one might be a speck of dust or a Celestial Venerate, but in the end, one wouldn't be able to jump out of the rut.
Therefore, the more lotuses one bloomed, the stronger one's luck would be. This was also a publicly recognized deduction in the Upper Realm. It was not a symbol of talent, but in many cases, it was more important than talent!
The Sunset Realm Lord looked at Luo Zheng, the Luck Destroyer Bamboo Snake, and the thirty-five leaf Mahayana Lotus above Luo Zheng's head. In the end, he murmured, "What kind of fate does Luo Zheng possess for the heavens to send down the Luck Destroyer Bamboo Snake?"
Upon hearing the Sunset Realm Lord's puzzlement, Yun Luo took the initiative to say, "Luo Zheng has two Life Providences. Strictly speaking, his War of the Era Life Providence is actually a fake Life Providence. His fate is not controlled by others …"
The Sunset Realm Master was slightly startled, and a strange look appeared in his eyes. "It seems that I have to inform the people from the Lingyan Pavilion now!"
Yun Luo pursed her lips and smiled. "Let's wait until he transcends his tribulation!" The Lingyan Pavilion was indeed a good place for Luo Zheng to go, but Luo Zheng had inherited too many important things.
"But can Luo Zheng really transcend this Luck Destroyer Bamboo Snake tribulation?" The Sunset Realm Lord had a worried look on his face.
The Luck Destroyer Bamboo Snake was different from ordinary Heavenly Tribulations. These snakes could devour providence, and besides talent, the most important thing for a martialist was providence!
Those with strong Karmic Luck were able to make the best of the situation amidst boundless danger, and they were even able to transform danger into fortune. Everywhere they went, they would be able to move smoothly. On the other hand, those with weak Karmic Luck would face killing intent with every step they took, and it could be said that every step they took was difficult to take!
If Luo Zheng's providence was devoured by the Luck Destroyer Bamboo Snake, it would probably be troublesome for Luo Zheng.
At this moment, Luo Zheng looked at the slowly crawling golden snakes in the sky and a bad premonition arose in his heart.
These golden snakes did not have much power and were far inferior to the various lightning tribulations, fire tribulations, and nightmare tribulations. However, after seeing these golden snakes, Luo Zheng felt a sense of danger rise in his heart. It was as if these golden snakes could snatch away the most important thing to him!
When these golden snakes crawled slowly in the air to a certain point, they actually opened their mouths and seemed to be devouring something in the air?
What were they eating?
Luo Zheng's face revealed a look of confusion.
"It's providence." Xun's voice transmitted over. "These are Luck Destroyer Bamboo Snakes. They can directly devour a martialist's providence. These Luck Destroyer Bamboo Snakes are a very special kind of creature that can feed on providence!"
"Devour my providence?" Luo Zheng was shocked. The most important thing for Luo Zheng to be able to walk step by step to where he was now was not his cultivation method or treasures. It was his willpower, talent, and providence. These three were the most important and could not be missing! Not only for Luo Zheng, but any martialist who wanted to climb to the peak had to be like this!
Ever since he left the Eastern Territory, Luo Zheng's providence had always been very strong. His providence could not only affect himself, but also the people around him. Therefore, anyone who was close to Luo Zheng had always had good providence. For example, once Xi Youqin entered the Extreme Purple Realm, she became a disciple of the Indefinite Tower. This was also influenced by providence!
After that, Ning Yudie, Su Lingyun, and even Hua Tianming and the others all had their own fortuitous encounters. They were more or less influenced by Luo Zheng's powerful providence!
It was not easy to change a person's providence.
Luo Zheng had once participated in the test of the Wheel of Providence in the Heaven Mist Immortal Tomb. He had been cursed by the Saintess of the Divine Kingdom, and his providence had been affected. When a martialist who had been cursed shook the die, he would get the worst result no matter what. It looked as if the curse had really changed Luo Zheng's providence.
In fact, Daoist Heaven Mist had changed the Wheel of Providence, not Luo Zheng. According to the rules set by Daoist Heaven Mist, as long as one was cursed, no matter how strong one's providence was, it would be impossible to get a good result from shaking the die …
Right now, these Fate-Destroying Yellow Snakes were devouring Luo Zheng's providence bite by bite. Every time a strand of providence was devoured, it could not be recovered!
"Why would such a strange Heavenly Tribulation descend? That providence can't be seen or touched. It's actually being devoured by these golden snakes! "
Thinking of this, Luo Zheng no longer hesitated. He suddenly jumped up and went straight for the Fate-Destroying Yellow Snakes.
No matter who it was, once they discovered that something was devouring their providence, they would not sit idly by!
"Whoosh!"
Unexpectedly, after Luo Zheng rushed up, he directly passed through the golden snakes. These golden snakes were illusory existences!
The other martialists, including Ai Anxin, did not understand the scene before them. From their point of view, these golden snakes that descended from the sky were not very powerful. They were naturally far inferior to the Heavenly Tribulation that Ai Anxin had encountered!
The Sunset Realmlord and the others had worried expressions on their faces.
When a martialist underwent a Heavenly Tribulation, they could not rely on the help of others. They could only rely on their own strength to deal with it.
Originally, the Sunset Realm Lord thought that Luo Zheng had a way to deal with it. However, when he saw this scene, he understood that Luo Zheng did not seem to have any way to deal with these Fate-Destroying Yellow Snakes …
The Fate-Destroying Yellow Snakes did not pay any attention to Luo Zheng. However, after Luo Zheng moved, these Fate-Destroying Yellow Snakes kept twisting in the air. They seemed to have changed directions and continued to devour Luo Zheng's providence.
"These Fate-Destroying Yellow Snakes are not living creatures. In other words, they have already surpassed the limits of living creatures …" The Sunset Realm Lord stared at Luo Zheng's every move and said, "If I remember correctly, I once saw an exception in the ancient records that transcended epochs. Countless epochs ago, there were martialists who encountered these Fate-Destroying Yellow Snakes. Those who were qualified to attract the Fate-Destroying Yellow Snakes' tribulation were naturally people with extremely strong providence. However, after the Fate-Destroying Yellow Snakes' tribulation descended, they could only watch these snakes devour their providence without any means to resist!"
A Palace Lord could not help but shake his head. "In other words, Luo Zheng is making a pointless struggle?"
"What a pity. I really look forward to seeing what kind of extraordinary splendor this little fellow will blossom in the future!" Another Palace Lord sighed. Although Luo Zheng did not come from the Heavenly Palace that he belonged to, everyone cherished talents. Seeing such a person's providence end, he could not help but sigh in his heart.