These Luck Destroying Bamboo Snakes were still circling in the air, constantly opening their mouths and gnawing in the void. There were even soft sounds coming from them.
They did not cause any harm to Luo Zheng's body, but Luo Zheng's expression grew darker and darker …
"Crunch, crunch …"
The soft gnawing sounds were like silkworms gnawing on mulberry leaves, constantly wearing down Luo Zheng's luck.
The importance of luck to him was self-evident, but these Luck Destroying Bamboo Snakes were completely illusory existences.
It was as if they did not exist in this world, and Luo Zheng could do nothing about them now!
Even Qinglong, who was in Luo Zheng's mind, faintly sighed. Today's Luck Destroying Bamboo Snakes tribulation was because Luo Zheng's luck was too strong that it attracted such a tribulation.
And from ancient times until now, there was no way to resolve this tribulation in any of the ancient records.
Qinglong could not think of a solution, and neither could Xun. This was a heavenly tribulation that could not be resisted …
Luo Zheng's expression was originally very gloomy, and he was even somewhat at a loss. But as time passed, Luo Zheng's state of mind suddenly calmed down, and his previously slightly anxious state of mind slowly calmed down.
He flipped over, crossed his knees in the air, and fell down like a thousand pounds. He sat back down in midair, and his expression returned to indifference …
It was not that Luo Zheng had chosen to give up. Since he had embarked on this path, Luo Zheng had never thought of giving up!
No matter how powerful the heavenly tribulation, no matter how strong the opponent, Luo Zheng had never yielded.
The heavenly tribulation was not a death tribulation, otherwise, all the warriors in the universe would have died long ago. Since the Heavenly Dao had given such a difficult tribulation, there must be a deeper meaning. Rather than being anxious in vain, it was better to maintain his state of mind and wait for changes.
No matter how bad his luck was, it would not tell him to go and die, right? He comforted himself in his heart.
"Crunch, crunch …"
Those Luck Destroying Bamboo Snakes were still gnawing slowly in the air, slowly twisting their bodies, as if they were eating Luo Zheng's luck as exquisite food, swallowing it bite by bite …
"This Luo Zheng is actually able to remain calm and collected. That's really commendable," one of the Palace Masters commented.
"Perhaps, he already has a way to break it?" Another Palace Master asked.
"Haha … Let's not talk about Luo Zheng. Even the Celestial Sovereigns of the various Great Realms would not be able to think of a way to break it. I'm afraid this thing shouldn't exist in the universe! "The Palace Master continued.
Luo Zheng's state of mind was like an ancient well. There were no ups and downs, only calmness!
This Calamity of the Calamity of the Calamity of the Calamity of the Calamity of the Calamity of the Calamity of the Calamity of the Calamity of the Calamity of the Calamity of the Calamity of the Calamity to him.
So what if he lost the protection of providence?
In many cases, luck could indeed create many miracles. However, Luo Zheng did not rely solely on luck to get to where he was today.
Without luck, his future path might be even more difficult. This meant that he would encounter even more difficult challenges, but so what?
"So what!"
Thinking of this, Luo Zheng opened his eyes again. There was a deep look in his eyes. In the face of this irresistible calamity, Luo Zheng's heart of martial arts sublimated once again.
This was a contest between gains and losses. This was also the realization of knowing that it was impossible to do something!
Ai Anxin stood directly across from Luo Zheng. When she met Luo Zheng's eyes and saw Luo Zheng's eyes, her heart suddenly contracted and began to beat wildly!
She did not understand the look in Luo Zheng's eyes, but in those deep eyes, there was an extremely complicated emotion!
What was going on with Luo Zheng?
A huge mystery appeared in Ai Anxin's heart. She did not know what Luo Zheng had experienced in this short period of time.
It wasn't just Ai Anxin. When the martialists of the 13 Palaces inadvertently met Luo Zheng's eyes, their hearts began to beat wildly …
Clap, clap, clap … At this moment, the Sunset Realmlord actually clapped his hands. "This kid is amazing. He clearly knows that he can't fight against the Fate-Destroying Bamboo Snake, yet he actually used it to train his state of mind. This kid's heart of martial arts has probably improved greatly!"
Few martialists could remain calm under such circumstances. Not only that, but they could also use this upheaval to train themselves. The Sunset Realmlord also applauded Luo Zheng's actions …
Every martialist had a different personality and state of mind. For example, the Sunset Realmlord's nature was straightforward. When he met someone he admired, he would be full of praise. Yun Luo's personality was more introverted. When he saw Luo Zheng's performance, he only smiled slightly. However, no matter who it was, he still admired Luo Zheng's performance very much.
Even though Luo Zheng's state of mind had undergone another metamorphosis, the Fate-Destroying Bamboo Snakes continued to gnaw in the air. To these Fate-Destroying Bamboo Snakes, this feast was far from over. It was just that Luo Zheng did not care.
However, after a few incense sticks' worth of time, there was a sudden change!
Whoosh …
A gentle breeze suddenly swept up!
The wind was generated around Luo Zheng and swept out in all directions …
When this cool breeze swept through Ai Anxin's hair, a puzzled look appeared on her face.
"The wind is blowing. But where is the wind coming from?" She thought to herself.
Everyone's faces were also puzzled. This place had been completely sealed by the plain-clothed old man. The wind from the outside world could not blow in. Right now, every martialist was quietly standing there. No one was circulating their cultivation techniques. Naturally, they could not disturb the airflow.
Even Luo Zheng himself did not move in the slightest. Instead, he sat calmly on the spot like a rock.
In comparison, this group of Palace Masters, including the Sunset Realmlord, were much, much stronger than the martialists of the Thirteen Palaces. Naturally, they were also many times more sensitive!
The Sunset Realmlord stared at Luo Zheng and said, "This wind is coming from behind Luo Zheng. There's something behind him."
"I don't feel anything. Luo Zheng's back is empty. There's nothing behind him." Another Palace Master sized him up. He was very confident in his own judgment.
The other Palace Masters also nodded. "Indeed, there's nothing strange behind Luo Zheng …"
However, this wind was real. It was not the power of Laws that had been transformed into true essence. It was as if there was something extremely powerful that was about to be born, causing the airflow to become chaotic.
This breeze became more and more fierce. The strength of the wind became stronger and stronger. Gradually, it turned from a breeze into a strong gale!
Whoosh whoosh whoosh …
This gust of strong wind circled around everyone, making a whistling sound.
In fact, the martialists present could use their own comprehension of the Power of Laws to create a hurricane that was ten thousand times stronger than this gale!
However, no one knew where this wind came from or how it was created. This was very strange!
Just as everyone was puzzled, a martialist suddenly pointed at Luo Zheng's back and said, "Look! What is that! "
Luo Zheng's back was still empty. There was nothing behind him. However, it was precisely because of this that it appeared even more strange.
This strong gale that constantly whistled and blew at every corner. It was inevitable that it would bring up traces of dust. Everyone's vision was slightly blurred. However, this blurriness did not affect the vision of many martialists.
However, when the strong gale blew at Luo Zheng's back, everyone discovered something strange.
This gale seemed to be unable to pass through Luo Zheng's back. This was because under the sweeping of the wind, which carried traces of dust, a faint shadow was outlined on Luo Zheng's back. It was the shadow of a giant!
To be exact, it could not be said to be a shadow. It was just that the wind was unable to pass through this colossus. It was a vague outline of nothingness!
Coincidentally, the Luck Destroying Bamboo Snakes were gnawing along this "outline". It looked as if the Luck Destroying Bamboo Snakes were gnawing on a non-existent "giant"!
Hearing everyone's voices, Luo Zheng's expression was calm. However, when he looked back, a ray of light shot out from his eyes.
The outline of a giant? What was this?
The Luck Destroying Bamboo Snakes … Since they were gnawing on his providence, then this giant's outline was his providence?
Why was his providence like this?
Although Luo Zheng could maintain a calm heart, it was inevitable that doubts would arise when he saw this strange scene.
More importantly, when did this thing follow behind him?
＝＝＝＝＝