Whoosh whoosh whoosh …
The wind was still howling.
The crowd stared at this strange scene. No one knew what it meant.
'Is this my luck?'
'It's said that luck is innate. Does this mean that this giant's silhouette has been with me since I was born?'
'It accompanied me through the Eastern Territory, the Central Territory, the Sea God Continent, the Kingdom of God, and ascended …'
'Why does my luck have such a shape?'
Luo Zheng's heart was filled with doubts. Meanwhile, those Late-luck Bamboo Snakes were still conscientiously gnawing on the giant's body in the 'air', or rather, surrounding it!
Even the Sunset Realm Lord had a puzzled look on his face.
In the Upper Realm, the research on fate was quite thorough. Although this thing could not be seen or touched, everyone truly understood that fate was something that truly existed. If one were to use a certain method, it could also affect one's own fate to a certain extent …
However, luck was just a description. How could it have a shape?
That being said, the Luck Destroying Yellow Serpent was a legendary existence. It sounded ridiculous to say that it could devour luck.
Since this happened to Luo Zheng, everything that was happening now was not surprising.
Just as everyone was feeling strange, they saw the giant's silhouette start to move …
The wind could not blow through this area, so it could only outline the giant's silhouette. In everyone's eyes, it was not really a giant that started to move. They only saw a silhouette changing shape and changing the path of the wind, causing everyone to have the illusion that the giant was moving.
They saw the giant's silhouette suddenly raise a hand and pat itself lightly!
A golden Late-luck Bamboo Snake was crushed into pieces!
"This …"
The Sunset Realmlord was speechless when he saw this scene.
The other Palace Lords had the same expression. To them, this scene was beyond the scope of understanding. They could not understand what was happening.
After the first Late-luck Bamboo Snake was crushed, the giant's silhouette was still "waving" its hand. Its other hand patted itself again. On the second day, the Late-luck Bamboo Snake was crushed into pieces again, turning into golden powder …
Then, the third, the fourth, the fifth …
The Palace Lords watched with their eyes wide open. They held their breaths and no one spoke.
No one expected this to happen. Everyone should wait until they finished watching before speaking …
Just like that, the Luck Destroyer Bamboo Snakes were smashed to pieces with a single slap.
There were not many Late-luck Bamboo Snakes in the first place. There were only eight of them. After a few slaps, seven of them had been crushed. As for the last one, based on its silhouette, it seemed to have burrowed into the body of the 'giant'. The giant reached out his hand and plucked the Late-luck Bamboo Snake out of its body. The giant's hand lightly and crushed the Late-luck Bamboo Snake!
"…"
Luo Zheng's face was also filled with astonishment.
In comparison, as the person, he was more than anyone else …
Moreover, the giant's, the giant's silhouette, the giant's silhouette, Luo Zheng's, Luo, Luo
He seemed to have seen this giant's figure before! But as for who it was, Luo Zheng could not remember.
After the eight Late-luck Bamboo Snakes were crushed, they turned into golden powder and scattered down. Finally, they surrounded Luo Zheng and disappeared …
The Late-luck Bamboo Snakes were also things that could not be touched. The giant's silhouette was an existence that did not exist.
After the Late-luck Bamboo Snakes were destroyed, the wind gradually began to stop. As the wind began to fade, the giant's silhouette could no longer be seen. It gradually disappeared before everyone's eyes.
Even after it disappeared, the scene was still very quiet.
No one knew what had happened. They only confirmed one thing. Luo Zheng seemed to have survived the Late-luck Bamboo Snakes.
No one knew why Luo Zheng was able to survive. Luo Zheng himself could not give a reasonable explanation …
"After those Late-luck Bamboo Snakes were crushed, they seemed to have been absorbed by Luo Zheng. I wonder if there were any benefits?" someone asked.
The more powerful something was, the more good things it had on it. This was common knowledge in the world of martial artists.
The Late-luck Bamboo Snakes were such a strange existence. Would absorbing them strengthen one's luck?
In fact, no one could answer the Palace Master's question. The Late-luck Bamboo Snakes were originally legendary creatures. Most of the people present had never heard of them. How would they know what the Late-luck Bamboo Snakes were used for?
"This … Does this count as surviving the first Heavenly Tribulation?"
Luo Zheng's eyes flashed slightly, and his expression became calmer.
However, what happened next left everyone speechless ….
"Crackle …"
After the Late-luck Bamboo Snakes disappeared, Luo Zheng immediately faced a Heavenly Tribulation.
This Heavenly Tribulation was the most common type of Heavenly Tribulation. However, the Heavenly Tribulation Luo Zheng faced was not an existence that ordinary Heavenly Tribulation could compare to.
As soon as the purple-black Heavenly Tribulation Lightning appeared, it directly struck down from the sky!
"Boom!"
This Heavenly Tribulation Lightning, which extended a great distance, turned into a huge dragon and rushed down towards Luo Zheng.
In the end, it landed right in front of Luo Zheng, smashing a huge hole in the ground in front of him.
In other words, this Heavenly Tribulation Lightning missed …
Seeing this scene, everyone's face revealed a strange expression.
This Heavenly Tribulation Lightning could miss? They didn't seem to have heard of this before.
"Boom …"
Suddenly, another purple-black Heavenly Tribulation Lightning came down from the sky. This Heavenly Tribulation Lightning was not far from Luo Zheng's right side, but it still did not hit Luo Zheng.
"Boom, boom …"
Bolts of lightning came down from the sky. The power contained in each bolt of lightning could probably destroy an ordinary Divine Sea Realm warrior.
However, it did not cause the slightest harm to Luo Zheng. The reason was very simple. These bolts of lightning did not hit Luo Zheng. Those bolts of lightning all fell outside the range of Luo Zheng's body.
Not long after, a huge circular hole formed in front of Luo Zheng. Those bolts of lightning still fell down relentlessly, but they still did not hit Luo Zheng.
"Fate! Luo Zheng's fate should have been strengthened! "
"It should be because of that Bamboo Snake of Exterminating Fate. But I don't know if this heaven-defying fate is permanent or will it last for a period of time …"
"How can this kind of providence be permanent? If it can last forever, then it's too terrifying! "
The Palace Masters continued to discuss among themselves …
In their view, the Heavenly Tribulation was the most accurate thing in the entire universe. How could the Heavenly Dao tolerate its own mistakes?
However, Luo Zheng's current fate was so powerful that it made people's hair stand on end. Even the Heavenly Tribulation formed by those bolts of lightning could not hit Luo Zheng. This was just too strange!
At this time, Luo Zheng's face was also filled with surprise. He also did not know what had happened to him. It seemed that his luck had suddenly become extremely good?
Thinking of this, Yun Luo suddenly floated gently, closing the distance between her and Luo Zheng by several feet. Then, she stretched out her hand toward Luo Zheng, who was in the middle of the Heavenly Tribulation. An invisible wave of energy went straight toward Luo Zheng.
Yun Luo used one-thousandth of her strength in this palm. If Luo Zheng sat where he was, he would not be able to avoid it!
But at this time, a strange scene occurred. Before the palm floated in front of Luo Zheng, a complicated wave of energy suddenly appeared in the air. An extremely powerful spatial storm suddenly broke out, directly annihilating Yun Luo's palm.
When the other Palace Masters saw this, their expressions became more and more strange …
That spatial storm was definitely not released by Luo Zheng, nor was it released by anyone else. It was a naturally formed spatial storm!
Although the Orange Sea Realm was a broken realm, after so many years of operation by the Alliance, it was very stable. The possibility of a spatial storm appearing in such a stable space was very small!