The spatial storm 'coincidentally' appeared in the path of Yun Luo's palm strike at Luo Zheng at this moment, and coincidentally cancelled out Yun Luo's palm strike … …
This coincidence was so coincidental that it made one's hair stand on end!
The warriors of the Thirteen Palaces didn't see this scene in front of them. They were still puzzled. Why couldn't the Heavenly Tribulation blast Luo Zheng? Why did the Palace Lord of the Cloud Mist Heavenly Palace strike towards Luo Zheng? Why would a spatial storm appear out of nowhere in this stable space?
They couldn't understand it at all …
Ai Anxin, on the other hand, seemed to have understood something …
She lightly tapped the ground with the tip of her foot, and cracks appeared on the ground beneath her feet. She lightly raised her finger, and a small stone was pulled up from the ground by her.
Then she grabbed the stone and threw it towards Luo Zheng.
The stone wasn't big, but it flew at an extremely fast speed. In the blink of an eye, it was in front of Luo Zheng.
"Boom!"
At the same time, a bolt of lightning 'coincidentally' struck beside Luo Zheng, and directly shattered the stone into pieces …
Yun Luo smiled and said, "Luo Zheng's luck seems to be a bit heaven-defying. It's probably wishful thinking to want to cause any harm to Luo Zheng now!"
Seeing this incomprehensible coincidence, the Sunset Realm Lord smiled helplessly. Luo Zheng's absorption of the Luck Destroying Yellow Snakes did seem to have increased his luck …
In the Upper Realm, there were some great methods that could temporarily change one's luck, but the degree of increase was very small. For example, the 'Luck Prayer' of the Esoteric Sect, and some divine weapons that could increase one's luck, and so on. However, in the eyes of the Sunset Realm Lord and Yun Luo, these things didn't increase one's luck so much as they gave one a psychological hint. The real effect was still to be discussed.
But the scene in front of them was different …
After Luo Zheng absorbed the Luck Destroying Yellow Snakes, the change in his luck was a fact that was set in stone!
In this state, no matter what Luo Zheng did, it would be as if God was helping him.
Take the space storm that resisted Yun Luo's palm strike as an example, the probability of it "suddenly" appearing on Changsu Island was very low, perhaps only one in a trillion. However, it happened to appear in front of Luo Zheng and when Luo Zheng launched his palm strike. The probability was so small that it was hard to calculate. It was not a problem that could be ignored …
But it just so happened that it appeared "coincidentally"!
"It's a bit of a waste." The Sunset Realm Master shook his head. Unfortunately, he couldn't touch those Luck Destroying Bamboo Snakes and didn't know how to store them. If Luo Zheng could keep one or two Luck Destroying Bamboo Snakes, he could probably do a lot of things with them!
Luo Zheng naturally understood what had happened, but he was still transcending the tribulation …
Bolts of lightning struck down, and all of them were crooked. What kind of tribulation was this?
Depressed, Luo Zheng did not move too much. It was better to wait and see. But was his luck really that strong now?
Luo Zheng's Tribulation Transcendence lasted for an entire hour …
An hour later, the sixth minor heavenly tribulation finally dissipated. The Mahayana Lotus Flower spun a few times, and the shadow slowly faded away.
To Luo Zheng's surprise, the Mahayana Lotus Flower did not seem to open its last leaf.
Just now, he was thinking that since his luck was so strong now, would he be able to make the Mahayana Lotus Flower bloom perfectly? Now, Luo Zheng realized that he was thinking too much. Perhaps his luck was not enough to affect the Mahayana Lotus Flower at all.
However, just as Luo Zheng was about to get up, the Mahayana Lotus Flower that had disappeared appeared again above Luo Zheng's head, still spinning slowly.
Everyone, including Luo Zheng, was stunned. What was going on now?
As the Heavenly Might in the sky became denser and denser, everyone immediately understood that Luo Zheng's tribulation was not over. The seventh minor tribulation had arrived …
"Luo Zheng is transcending tribulations consecutively?"
"Actually, there's nothing strange about it. When one's cultivation reaches a certain level, the Heavenly Dao will sense it, and there will be no shortage of tribulations!"
"I've seen a guy transcending tribulations consecutively before. That guy deliberately suppressed his cultivation for too long. Therefore, as soon as he reached the Life and Death realm, he was hit by two minor tribulations consecutively. However, that guy wasn't prepared enough and was struck by lightning, dying from serious injuries …"
"This Luo Zheng won't die, right?"
After Luo Zheng transcended the sixth minor tribulation, the linen-clothed old man was ready to remove the seal. He never expected that Luo Zheng would continue to transcend the tribulation.
It was just a matter of a few more hours, but for them, it was like a mortal's breath. Everyone was very patient.
In the seventh minor tribulation, the Luck Destroying Luo Snake tribulation didn't appear …
However, all kinds of powerful tribulations weren't rare. The might of the seventh minor tribulation was already comparable to many people's ninth or even tenth minor tribulation.
However, the key point was that because Luo Zheng's heaven-defying luck was temporarily on his body, those tribulations seemed to have lost their aim and didn't cause too much trouble for Luo Zheng!
However, at this time, Luo Zheng was somewhat unhappy. Heavenly tribulation was a calamity for martial artists, but at the same time, it was also a test. Martial artists accepted the punishment of heavenly tribulation, and at the same time, underwent the baptism of heavenly tribulation. Only in this way could one complete layer after layer of transformation in the Life and Death realm.
The problem was that those tribulations had lost their aim and smashed around Luo Zheng. What kind of situation was this? Could this still be called a heavenly tribulation?
Just as Luo Zheng's thoughts were slightly stirred …
"Rumble …"
Terrifying purple lightning, like long whips from hell, ruthlessly lashed at Luo Zheng's body …
Under this terrifying luck, Luo Zheng seemed to be able to command the heavens and earth. This was something that Luo Zheng had never imagined. Therefore, he was caught off guard and directly struck down by these lightning bolts.
Luo Zheng flipped over from the ground and immediately jumped up. Since these heavenly tribulations appeared one after another, he would naturally endure them. Moreover, with his luck, he could completely control the effects of these heavenly tribulations on himself.
Even if it wasn't because of the sudden increase in his luck, Luo Zheng was very confident that he could pass through the minor tribulation.
After all, with his divine tool body, resisting the heavenly tribulation wasn't difficult at all.
As Luo Zheng continued to receive the baptism of heavenly tribulations, the seventh minor tribulation finally passed after an hour. However, the Mahayana Lotus Flower still hadn't fully bloomed, faintly disappearing from everyone's sight.
"It can't be … there's more, right?" Luo Zheng thought in his heart.
Perhaps it was because the eighth minor heavenly tribulation would definitely appear, or perhaps it was because of Luo Zheng's extraordinary luck that he could get whatever he wanted.
As the lotus flower's phantom emerged, the eighth minor tribulation descended …
Luo Zheng sighed, revealing a bitter smile on his face. Today was really strange. He couldn't tell whether his luck was super good or super bad.
"Three consecutive heavenly tribulations …"
"From the fifth layer of Life and Death realm to the eighth layer of Life and Death realm in less than two hours. This guy …"
Many warriors were speechless at this time.
Although it was rare for a warrior to cross two heavenly tribulations in a row, it wasn't that rare. However, a warrior crossing three heavenly tribulations in a row was extremely rare.
However, after an hour …
"Four consecutive minor heavenly tribulations …"
"After passing through them, his cultivation base will rise to the ninth layer of Life and Death realm!"
"He can't be planning to break through to the Divine Sea realm like this, right?"
"Don't forget, this Luo Zheng swallowed the Ten Direction Calamity Guide Pill. Could it be that these heavenly tribulations were attracted by the Ten Direction Calamity Guide Pill?"
"There's no end to this!"
Luo Zheng did not know whether to laugh or cry when he saw the power of the Heavenly Tribulation gathering in the sky again. There was really no end to it. Although he was eager to improve his cultivation level and even wanted to see how his Chaotic Qi would look like after he opened his Deity Sea, he did not know whether to laugh or cry.
But it shouldn't be this fast, right?