Consecutive tribulations were rare to begin with.
Even Luo Zheng hadn't expected that he would trigger five minor heavenly tribulations in a row this time.
Fortunately, Luo Zheng's body had advanced once more. Adding to the fact that his luck had reached an unimaginable level, the tribulations weren't that difficult to deal with.
Under the baptism of the heavenly tribulations, Luo Zheng's cultivation base rapidly rose.
Luo Zheng could now be considered a tenth layer Life and Death realm martial artist.
Strictly speaking, Life and Death realm didn't have such a level, because starting from the sixth layer of Life and Death realm, True Yuan would continuously liquefy. And the later the liquefy, the more perfect the Deity Sea would be.
After reaching the tenth layer of Life and Death realm, True Yuan would rapidly liquefy and form a flawless Deity Sea, making one a Deity Sea martial artist.
However, Luo Zheng's current situation was somewhat special.
For example, Ai Anxin, Xue Muyang, and the others' Dantians were naturally evolving into Deity Seas.
After reaching the tenth layer of Life and Death realm, Luo Zheng also tried to investigate his Dantian. He wanted to see if the Primal Chaos Qi had successfully evolved into Deity Sea.
In the Primal Chaos Secret Technique, his master had deduced that the Primal Chaos Qi was the essence of the universe. Logically speaking, it could also evolve into a Deity Sea. Moreover, unlike the True Essence Sea, the Deity Sea created by the Primal Chaos Qi would be a real world!
Deity Sea martial artists could open Deity Seas, and when they reached the Extreme God Realm, they could gradually nurture a world within their body. From there, they could nurture all kinds of creatures, and even give birth to countries, societies, and brand new cultures.
However, this world and the real world had an iron-clad rule. Any creature nurtured in the inner world couldn't leave that world. The moment it left, it would be suppressed by the rules of the universe and disintegrate into True Yuan!
This iron-clad rule was also the strongest law of causality in the universe! So far, no one had been able to break this rule.
There were many legends and stories circulating in the great world. One of them was about an Empyrean who fell in love with a woman nurtured in his inner world!
In the end, the Empyrean racked his brains to find a way to take that woman out of his inner world. For this reason, he spent tens of thousands of years traveling the universe in search of a solution. Finally, the Empyrean seemed to have found a way!
The Empyrean paid an enormous price to allow the woman to live outside for a day, just a single day!
After a day, the woman's that day, under the influence of the law................ com.............
For the time being, this could be considered a beautiful and tragic story. In the upper realms, it was widely spread, especially amongst the human race. Many martial artists understood that even an Empyrean couldn't defy these rules, so it was naturally impossible for ordinary martial artists to defy them!
However, in the Primal Chaos Secret Technique, according to his master's deduction, the world cultivated with the Primal Chaos Aura was no different from the living beings and materials in this universe!
In other words, if Luo Zheng successfully opened the Divine Sea and cultivated all sorts of living beings and materials, he could bring them out of his inner world …
The reason was very simple. All the living beings and matter in the entire universe were formed from Chaos, and the living beings that Luo Zheng had formed within the Chaotic Ocean were naturally no different from the living beings in the universe. So, they wouldn't be affected by the supreme Karma Law.
However, this was only his master's inference in the Primal Chaos Secret Technique. After all, up until now, no one had cultivated the Primal Chaos Secret Technique. Although his master was an existence that surpassed the Heavenly Dao, it was inevitable that there would be a large error in his inference.
After passing through the tenth heavenly tribulation, Luo Zheng began to use his inner vision to observe the movements in his inner world. Under this observation, he discovered that the chaos energy was becoming increasingly viscous, but there were no signs of it liquefying.
When Luo Zheng first stepped into the Life and Death boundary, his true essence had already begun to liquefy. He didn't expect that even after he stepped into the Divine Sea boundary, the chaos energy still showed no signs of liquefying.
Unfortunately, in this universe, Luo Zheng was the only one who cultivated the Primal Chaos Secret Technique. No one could answer the question he encountered. Even his master, who created the Primal Chaos Secret Technique, couldn't give him a precise answer. He could only take one step at a time.
After Luo Zheng passed the tribulation, the Torch Flame inheritance came to an end.
The linen-clothed old man waved his hand and removed the seal that enveloped the area.
However, the moment the old man removed the seal, everyone suddenly discovered that the surrounding scenery seemed a little strange.
Ai Anxin raised his head and indifferently looked at the sky. He said, "So many … clouds."
Above everyone's heads, there were white clouds shrouding them.
"What's going on?"
"There's no rain in the Orange Ocean Realm all year round. How can there be clouds and mist?"
"There's something wrong with these clouds and mist …"
Soon, someone discovered something strange. Within the clouds and mist, there were faint sword shadows constantly evolving.
The Sunset Realm Lord stared at the clouds and his gaze suddenly focused. He took a step forward and disappeared on the spot.
Aside from the Sunset Realm Lord, the other Palace Masters seemed to have thought of something and instantly disappeared.
In the next instant, the Sunset Realm Lord arrived in front of the huge rock at the front of Changsu Island.
In front of the huge rock, the two ragged Divine Realm warriors were staring blankly at the clouds and mist in the sky. Their eyes flickered with an indescribable joy. They were actually constantly comprehending something from the clouds and mist.
This huge cloud and mist enveloped the entire Changsu Island.
However, as it continued to float, numerous faint figures appeared within the clouds. All of the figures only had one action, and that was a simple stab.
However, it was this sword that contained boundless power, giving people an unfathomable feeling.
"The Bright God's Sword … This is the sword that the Bright Sword Heavenly Sovereign spent his entire life comprehending. Although it's only one sword, only such a sword has the qualifications to hurt a True God …"
"It's a pity that I'm not a sword cultivator …"
"However, such a rare opportunity naturally can't be missed. I can't comprehend the sword intent within, but I can transform the concept into my own and integrate it into my spear …"
The Sunset Realm Lord murmured. When he thought of this, he sat down cross-legged like the other two Ultimate Divine Stage warriors and floated in the air. He raised his head and looked at the thick layer of clouds, trying to comprehend the meaning within!
The Sunset Realm Lord wouldn't let go of this opportunity, and the others were naturally the same.
The Palace Masters, including Yun Luo herself and the cloth-clothed old man, all began to comprehend the ideas within the clouds.
As for Luo Zheng and the others, they couldn't compare to the Palace Masters. The Realm Lords usually teleported here, but their speed wasn't slow either. After rushing over and seeing this scene, how could they not understand what was happening?
Someone must have touched upon the profound mysteries left behind by the Bright Sword Heavenly Sovereign!
At this moment, no one cared about who exactly it was and how exactly it was that had touched this mystery. In the face of such a great opportunity, no matter who it was, no one was willing to let it go. They all raised their heads and began to comprehend the Sword Intent contained within the figures. As for how much Sword Intent they could comprehend, it would depend on their luck.
When Luo Zheng saw those figures, his mouth opened wide and his eyes were slightly dazed.
This sword was very similar to the "Formless" that Luo Zheng had comprehended. It could be said that it was very similar …
However, in terms of essence, there was still a huge difference!
It was the same sword, and it also walked the path of "the Great Dao is the simplest". However, the Bright Sword Heavenly Sovereign's sword was even sharper than Luo Zheng's Formless.
Luo Zheng's Formless was unbreakable because it didn't have a fixed pattern. However, the Bright Sword Heavenly Sovereign's sword was unbreakable because it had a fixed pattern …
It was the same path, but a completely different method. The results were as different as heaven and earth!
It had to be said that the Bright Sword Heavenly Sovereign was superior. This Heavenly Sovereign with the title of "Sword", in terms of comprehension of sword moves, he was an ancestor level figure!
However, this didn't mean that Luo Zheng's comprehension was useless. On the contrary, because Luo Zheng had comprehended Formless, he could easily understand the wonders of the Bright Sword Heavenly Sovereign's sword …
＝＝＝＝＝