On Changsu Island, all the martial artists were seizing every moment to comprehend the sword intent in the clouds.
At this time, sword cultivators had a natural advantage. This was because they had been accompanied by swords their entire lives. Naturally, their comprehension speed was much faster than other martial artists'.
However, Intent Realm was originally a path that led to the same destination. Other saber and spear cultivators certainly wouldn't let go of this opportunity. They concentrated on comprehending every sword in the sword cloud.
Luo Zheng stood in place, looking up at the sky. After being stunned for a while, a faint smile suddenly appeared on his face.
"I understand why it's so difficult to control my sword intent after it's been tempered …"
"Because this sword … is a sword that can break a cauldron and sink a ship. This sword is a sure-kill sword. When I use this sword, I don't need to care about anything, including my own life!"
"Only such an extreme sword move requires such an extreme sword intent …"
Thinking of this, Luo Zheng suddenly felt enlightened!
Normally, when a martial artist comprehended sword intent or cultivated a cultivation technique, the first stage was to control it. Only by controlling one's own strength could they release this strength. Therefore, martial artists cultivated step by step. They constantly controlled their own cultivation technique step by step. The more proficient they were at controlling it, the stronger the strength they could release.
However, Heavenly Venerate Bright Sword had directly skipped the first step. Therefore, when this sword intent was displayed, there was no need to control it. This was because this sword had already abandoned everything …
"This Heavenly Venerate Bright Sword is known as a Heavenly Venerate who can fight with a True God. In other words, if one wants to injure a True God, they can only do so by abandoning everything?" Luo Zheng muttered.
If Heavenly Venerate Bright Sword stood beside Luo Zhen and heard Luo Zheng say such words, he might feel gratified. A young man who had just stepped into the Divine Sea Realm was able to infer this idea by relying on this move. This was enough to make Heavenly Venerate Bright Sword have a whole new level of respect for him.
Luo Zheng had already been baptized by Heavenly Venerate Bright Sword's sword intent. Facing this thick sword cloud, his comprehension speed was much faster than other martial artists.
Changsu Island was in complete silence …
During this period of time when the sword cloud was floating, no one was willing to waste even a breath of time.
Two hours …
Twenty hours …
Two days …
Three days passed, and the sword clouds gradually thinned, revealing a light purple sky. This was the magnificent color of the Orange Sea Realm's blue sky reflected by the sea water.
It wasn't until the sword cloud had completely dissipated that some of the cultivators revealed an expression of longing for more.
Any martial artist who carefully comprehended under this sword cloud would gain a lot!
"Sigh, it's a pity that I'm not a sword cultivator. Just by sensing this Sword Intent, I feel like I've gained a lot. You sword cultivators are really lucky this time!" A warrior sighed.
As for the other warrior, he still stood there quietly with a longsword in his hand. His mind was still unable to calm down. Just as that warrior had said, his own comprehension was indeed quite deep!
"Ten percent. I have only comprehended ten percent of the Yi Shen Sword. However, even if it is only ten percent, it will be of great benefit to my swordsmanship!" The warrior said with a smile.
The amount of comprehension depended on one's perception, as well as the depth of one's understanding of swordsmanship and Sword Intent. The deeper one's understanding, the more one would naturally comprehend!
The Palace Masters all revealed faint smiles. Their cultivation was far stronger than the 13 Palaces' martial artists, so they had naturally gained a lot from encountering this sword cloud by chance.
"However, who was the one who created this sword cloud? Why were the words on the stone wall all destroyed? "a Palace Master asked in bewilderment.
One had to know that the words of Heavenly Venerate Bright Sword had been left here for countless years. Countless sword cultivators had prostrated themselves here to comprehend the mysteries within. However, for millions of years, no one had been able to decipher the mysteries within. Why did the mysteries naturally reveal themselves during the Torch Flame Inheritance?
While many Palace Masters were puzzled, Yun Luo's gaze quietly fell on Luo Zheng. Before participating in the Torch Flame Inheritance, Luo Zheng had said that he seemed to have seen some white sword shadows. Then, he had been delayed for several hours before entering the Torch Flame Inheritance. Was this sword cloud because of Luo Zheng?
At this moment, the linen-clothed old man's gaze also fell on Luo Zheng. "Luo Zheng, before the Torch Flame Inheritance, were you meditating here?"
Originally, these Palace Masters had forgotten this small detail. After the Torch Flame Inheritance opened, many martial artists had passed through the Clear Growth Pool and begun meditating on the Law Stone Inscriptions. However, Luo Zheng had been late by several hours?
When the linen-clothed old man said this, Ai Anxin also remembered …
Seeing everyone looking at him suspiciously, Luo Zheng revealed a helpless expression. Although he had absorbed those white sword shadows, this sword cloud really had nothing to do with him!
While everyone was puzzled, the two ragged Divine Reaching Realm martial artists not too far away suddenly emitted two extremely powerful auras. Two swords appeared in their hands!
Although these two martial artists were at the Divine Reaching Realm, their talent was still considered average. They couldn't be mentioned in the same breath as the martial artists of the Thirteen Palaces. Therefore, the weapons in their hands were very ordinary. They were two third-grade swords. The weapons of the vast majority of martial artists in the Thirteen Palaces were far superior to these two.
They had stayed here for tens of thousands of years, especially the martial artist surnamed Chen. The long sword in his hand had experienced tens of thousands of years, and its blade was already covered in cracks.
Those who practiced the sword often cherished their swords …
After tens of thousands of years, even a Divine Artifact would inevitably show signs of rust. This martial artist surnamed Chen would polish his sword every once in a while, but as he did so, cracks began to appear on it. This was a broken sword that had already decayed!
But such a broken sword attracted everyone's attention. They could feel that this martial artist surnamed Chen's sword was emitting an extremely powerful aura!
Then, the martial artist surnamed Chen thrust his sword towards the boulder …
"Bright God's Single Sword!"
Everyone had been comprehending for a long time. This action and aura were incomparably familiar to them. Someone immediately shouted out.
"This old man … he comprehended at least 30% of Bright God's Single Sword!" A Palace Master shouted.
These Palace Masters relied on their own cultivation and talent to comprehend a lot, but most of them only comprehended 10% to 20%.
How could this Ultimate God Realm warrior comprehend thirty percent of it?
Some Palace Masters were unconvinced. This Divine Reaching Realm martial artist was far inferior to them in terms of talent and cultivation. How could he comprehend more spiritual objects than them?
They didn't consider that this old man surnamed Chen had been meditating here for sixty thousand years. He had thrown away sixty thousand years of his lifespan here. He had used his entire life to comprehend the hidden concepts within Heavenly Sovereign Bright Sword's words!
After spending so many years comprehending, the martial artist surnamed Chen and the martial artist surnamed Xu had comprehended far more than those Palace Masters and even the Sunset Realm Master!
Sou –
A sharp sound burst out from the tip of the martial artist surnamed Chen's sword!
Although this sword only had 30% of the charm of Heavenly Sovereign Bright Sword's sword, compared to the might of a Divine Reaching Realm martial artist, it was already formidable to a terrifying degree.
The boulder was directly pierced through by this sword, leaving behind only a finger-thin crack …
After a while, this boulder that was even larger than a mountain range suddenly collapsed. The entire boulder turned into palm-sized rubble that began to tumble and collapse around the boulder.
Seeing this, the martial artist surnamed Chen's eyes became moist. Tears flowed down his face …
In fact, after staying here for several thousand years, he already knew that there was no hope for him in this lifetime.
However, like the vast majority of martial artists who stayed behind to comprehend, even though they knew they were in despair, they could only despair to the end. This was because there was no turning back!
The vast majority of people didn't persist. A very small number of people were driven away because the Orange Sea Realm was requisitioned. In the end, only the martial artists surnamed Chen and Xu were left. The two of them begged to stay here.