When they first saw those sword clouds, they didn't believe that a miracle could really happen.
It wasn't that they didn't believe in miracles. In fact, they believed in miracles more than anyone else, which was why they had stayed here for tens of thousands of years. It could also be said that they were stupider than most people … but time had eroded their determination, making them unable to believe that a miracle was happening in front of them!
Even if they had comprehended 30% of the Graceful Soul Sword, it would be difficult for these two martial artists surnamed Chen and Xu to achieve much in the future.
After all, they had stayed here for too many years and wasted too much time. They had forgotten to cultivate their inner worlds, didn't consolidate their cultivation, and gave up too many things.
However, by relying on their own comprehension, these two were enough to become powerful characters in some tenth grade Holy Lands …
In fact, several years later, the slightly younger martial artist surnamed Xu would become an Elder of some large Sect, and the martial artist surnamed Chen would become a Sword Grandmaster. In the Holy Lands of several Great Worlds, he would preach and teach the younger generation of martial artists about his own comprehension of the Graceful Soul Sword.
Ai Anxin curled her lips. She tilted her head slightly and looked at Luo Zheng, asking, "How much have you comprehended?"
Hearing this question, Luo Zheng shook his head, "I haven't comprehended much …"
Ai Anxin said, "I should have comprehended about 15%. This Graceful Soul Sword is at odds with my state of mind, so comprehending it is a bit difficult for me …"
Her words sounded modest, but in fact, she was more or less proud. After all, besides a few Palace Masters, most people had only comprehended 10%, or even 5%. Ai Anxin was able to comprehend 15%. Amongst the younger generation of martial artists, she was likely the one who had comprehended the most.
Of course, this was on the premise that Luo Zheng was eliminated.
Luo Zheng had almost completely comprehended this sword!
Before this, Luo Zheng had swallowed those white sword shadows and tempered his own Sword Intent. This Graceful Soul Sword was almost tailor-made for Luo Zheng.
However, Luo Zheng might not be able to completely comprehend this Graceful Soul Sword. The most important thing was that several years ago, when Luo Zheng was still a Xiantian life form, he had already comprehended the Great Dao to its simplest form! The Graceful Soul Sword in front of them was extremely compatible with the Sword Intent that Luo Zheng had comprehended!
It was because of all these reasons added together that Luo Zheng was so proud of comprehending this sword. Only by combining it with the uncontrollable Sword Intent could he truly display this sword!
Although Luo Zheng had comprehended the Graceful Soul Sword, Luo Zheng's Luo Zheng't's power.
After all, a figure like Heavenly Venerate Bright Sword had probably cultivated the Bright God Sword for millions of years. Furthermore, the gap between Luo Zheng's current cultivation and strength was simply indescribable. Although he could use this sword, it did not mean that he could use it perfectly.
Even so, Luo Zheng was satisfied. While traveling in the Upper Realm, the more trump cards Luo Zheng kept, the better …
.'t t......
...........................
After passing the Torch Flame Inheritance, the warriors began to choose to go out and train, or return to their families to deal with some important matters.
Ai Anxin still lived across from Luo Zheng, waiting for her brother to come back.
Her brother had defeated Luo Zheng and regained his freedom, but he couldn't go back to the Misty Cloud Palace with her. It would take some time for Ai Hu to cross worlds and find her in the Misty Cloud Palace.
During this time, she was naturally immersed in joy. It wouldn't be long before she could reunite with her brother.
As for Luo Zheng ….
The Torch Flame Inheritance had indeed brought Ai Anxin a strong sense of frustration.
But this guy had lost to her brother in the end. This was the only thing that Ai Anxin could comfort herself with.
During these days in Cloud Mist Palace, Luo Zheng had been constantly observing the movements in his Inner World. The flow of the Chaotic Qi was originally very slow, but now it was getting slower and slower. However, it still hadn't completely liquefied. He observed it several times every day, but couldn't see any signs of the Chaotic Qi turning into a sea.
In addition, Luo Zheng recalled the Sword of Graceful God in the sword cloud ….
To be honest, Luo Zheng really wanted to use it once. It was said that the warriors who came back from the Torch Flame Inheritance had experienced an astonishing increase in strength because they had comprehended the concept of the Sword of Graceful God!
The revelation of the Heavenly Venerate Graceful Sword's secret was rapidly spreading in the various Great Realms of the Alliance.
Some warriors who had persisted in front of the boulder for a long time later gave up and left the Orange Sea Realm. Some of these warriors left on their own accord, while others were driven away.
Now that they heard about this, they all cried bitterly. There were many warriors who persisted in front of the boulder, but only two of them really persevered until the end.
After learning this sword, Luo Zheng couldn't help but feel an itch in his heart because he had nowhere to use it ….
On this day, after inquiring about the whereabouts of Cloud Mist Palace, he came to a large hall in the depths of Cloud Mist Palace.
There was also a dreamlike space here. This dreamlike space wasn't a place for warriors to fight, but a place for training.
Because it was late at night, there weren't any warriors using this dreamlike space ….
Luo Zheng quietly entered and saw a plaque hanging on the side of the hall. On the plaque were the words "Sword Testing Hall".
Although it was called the Sword Testing Hall, this place wasn't just used to test swords. It was also used to test sabers, spears, and fists.
With his previous experience, Luo Zheng quickly opened this dreamlike space. In the blink of an eye, the surrounding scenery changed. He stood in a boundless space, and in front of him, a massive mountain range appeared!
This was a mountain range whose peak couldn't be seen, whose bottom couldn't be seen ….
The entire mountain range flashed with a gold and silver light. It was unknown how large it was.
Luo Zheng had never seen such a massive mountain range before. This unimaginable existence could only exist in dreamlike spaces. After all, the things in this space were all created by divine runes. They weren't real existences.
And on this massive mountain range, there were all sorts of marks.
Sword marks, saber marks, arrow marks, spear marks, fist marks ….
It was hard to tell how many of them there were.
Generations of warriors in the Cloud Mist Heavenly Palace had come here to test their swords. These marks were accumulated over countless years.
"Looks like I came to the right place!"
Luo Zheng revealed a smile. He was originally itching to test his swords, but in the Cloud Mist Heavenly Palace, he couldn't just randomly pick out a target to test his swords.
Thinking of this, Luo Zheng pulled out the Thunder Wind Divine Sword. With a light flick of the sword, he pointed the tip of the sword at the massive mountain range!
At this moment, Luo Zheng's aura suddenly changed. His eyes bloomed with a sharp light, as if he could cut through mountains and chisel stones with just his gaze.
"Sword of the Bright Divine Sword, unable to accumulate power …."
"Raising the hand is the sword. Once the sword is unleashed, there is no turning back …."
"Without accumulating power, without hesitation …. Just like the Taishang Unruffled, this mentality is faintly tainted with a trace of divinity …."
Legend had it that only by unruffled could one become a True God. When the Bright Sword Heavenly Master unleashed this sword, he had also unruffled, but only for a moment.
Luo Zheng felt that he had grasped something wonderful, but this thing was like a slippery fish, quietly slipping away from his thoughts.
Luo Zheng, who was in front of him, only wanted to test his swords, so he didn't care too much. Many of the epiphanies of warriors were completed in an instant, but some epiphanies often bore fruit before they bloomed. Every warrior would experience this situation many times in their life. Even if the thought of slipping away was very important to them, they might still have a chance to appear again in the future.
Without any foreshadowing, without any hesitation, the Sword Essence, which had just flashed a faint light, burst out along with Luo Zheng's long sword ….
The constantly swallowing Sword Essence was still not under Luo Zheng's control, but Luo Zheng didn't need to control this Sword Essence anymore. He just followed his own comprehension and thrust his sword toward the boundless mountain range.