That day, Old Chen had comprehended 30% of the Yi Shen Sword. The power that erupted from it even shocked many Palace Masters.
The palace lords who were close to the sector lord level wouldn't be afraid of Old Chen's sword. However, Old Chen was an extreme god realm with no talent, yet he was able to explode with such power. The palace lords couldn't help but feel jealous.
Luo Zheng's sword was almost the complete version of God Yi's sword.
In terms of sword techniques, Luo Zheng didn't dare to call himself a master. After all, it was a sword technique created by an Empyrean level character. He didn't have the qualifications to comment too much.
However, based on his understanding of the Yi Shen Sword Empyrean, he was able to unleash 90% of the sword technique …
Of course, it wasn't 90% of the power. If it was 90% of the power, not to mention the Misty Cloud Palace, even the great world would be cut in two!
That faint sword intent shot out at an extremely fast speed. At first, it didn't seem that shocking. However, after this sword intent entered the boundless gold and silver mountain, it disappeared.
Luo Zheng, who was floating in the air, had a calm gaze. However, there was a hint of confusion in his eyes.
This sword, just from its power, didn't seem to be very powerful?
Or could it be that he hadn't completely comprehended the Yi Shen Sword?
He didn't expect this sword to be able to shake the heavens and earth. However, if it just entered the mountain and disappeared, it would be letting down Luo Zheng's expectations. After all, it was a legendary sword technique that could injure a true god …
His understanding of the Yi Shen Sword wasn't deep enough? Or could it be that this Yi Shen Sword needed to be emotionless to be unleashed?
Thinking about it, Luo Zheng still couldn't figure out the crux of the matter …
Perhaps, his state of mind hadn't reached that level yet!
When Luo Zheng had comprehended the state of Emotionless, it was only a technique of the state of mind.
As for the state of Emotionless, it required another state of mind. However, Luo Zheng hadn't found such a mental cultivation method …
What Luo Zheng didn't know was that he had underestimated the state of mind.
The Realm of Unruffled Emotions wasn't something that Luo Zheng could grasp at his current stage. Even if he reached the Sector Lord level, he would probably only be able to touch the threshold.
Why did Yun Luo sever her own soul and create a million clones?
Clones created through this method would have incomplete emotions. They would reincarnate into the mortal world with incomplete emotions, experience life and death, and see life. Then, these clones would be recalled to comprehend the memories within.
In this way, she could achieve the goal of "severing her emotions". This was related to the cultivation method that Yun Luo was going to cultivate in the future. In the eyes of others, Yun Luo might be a beautiful girl who had the backing of a Celestial Master. However, with the comprehension of severing her emotions, she would embark on a different path.
But how could it be so easy for Luo Zheng to comprehend the Realm of Indifference so easily?
However, Luo Zheng wasn't too disappointed. The power of Yi God's Sword was lower than what he had expected, but it didn't mean that it was useless. The most important thing was that this sword didn't need to be stored up, so it was quite powerful when used against enemies.
After exiting the Illusory Space, Luo Zheng faintly glanced at the three words "Sword Trial Hall" and quietly left.
However, what Luo Zheng didn't know was that the moment he left, the entire Illusory Space suddenly reverberated with a loud rumbling sound!
This gold and silver giant mountain was transformed from an eighth-grade divine rune. Then, it was fixed by 60,000 auxiliary divine runes. It was an imitation of the legendary Gold and Silver Demon Spring Mountain. Whether it was the height or width of this giant mountain, it was beyond Luo Zheng's imagination.
If Luo Zheng was placed at the foot of the mountain and allowed to climb up at his fastest speed, it would probably take him a year and a half to climb it. If he was placed at the foot of the mountain, he would probably be able to fill several large worlds …
It was also because the Illusory Space was boundless that it could use divine runes to create such an exaggerated giant mountain. Therefore, when Luo Zheng entered the Illusory Space, he couldn't see the peak or the bottom of the mountain. It was also because it was unimaginably large.
The loud rumbling sound lasted for a few hours.
Luo Zheng entered the Illusory Space in the middle of the night, and the loud rumbling sound continued until the sun rose and the sky was just beginning to brighten.
The warriors of Misty Cloud Palace were quite diligent.
For any warrior, entering the Heavenly Palace was enough to be proud of among the younger generation.
However, after entering the Heavenly Palace, the warriors who gathered the geniuses of various large worlds found that their former pride was simply a fart.
Early in the morning, the warrior named Gao Han carried his maple leaf spear and entered the Sword Trial Hall. He used to be the absolute pride of his family. Ever since he stepped onto the path of martial arts, he was surrounded by envious gazes.
He had smoothly joined an eighth-rank holy land, but because of an unexpected competition, he had been chosen by another tenth-rank holy land. He had been 'kidnapped' to that tenth-rank holy land and had become the disciple of the holy land's lord. After that, his master had spent a lot of effort to send him to the Misty Cloud Palace.
Gao Han thought that with his talent, he was destined to call the wind and summon the rain in Misty Cloud Palace.
After arriving, he felt like he was directly kicked off a cliff. He used to be proud that he had a lotus flower and a lotus leaf, which was a symbol of transcending the Heavenly Dao. However, in the Misty Cloud Palace, there were many who had a lotus flower, and he was simply an insignificant existence. He didn't even meet the minimum requirements of the Torch Flame Inheritance …
However, geniuses weren't just arrogant. After adjusting his mentality, Gao Han forced himself to face the difficulties. He believed that one day, he would be able to reclaim the glory that originally belonged to him here.
After a long period of seclusion, Gao Han rushed to the Sword Trial Hall. He wanted to test his newly comprehended thirteenth move of the "Tyrant Blood Spear", "Tyrant Blood of the Heavens". The power of this move was extremely fierce and domineering, so the effect should be good …
But when Gao Han entered the Illusory Space, he heard a continuous rumbling sound in his ears.
"Thunder?" Gao Han was stunned. How could there be thunder in the Illusory Space?
This made Gao Han very puzzled …
But while he was puzzled, Gao Han suddenly found that the Gold Silver Demonic Spring Mountain, which was so huge that he couldn't see the top and bottom of it, seemed to be a little strange.
In the middle of the Gold Silver Demonic Spring Mountain, there was a slender crack, and this crack extended from top to bottom, all the way to the limit of Gao Han's vision!
Seeing this scene, Gao Han's face revealed a look of surprise.
What was going on?
Was there someone testing the sword before? Since the rumbling sound was still echoing, the person who tested the sword should not have gone far. But when he came in, it was empty, and he didn't meet any other cultivators along the way …
Gao Han naturally didn't know that there was someone who tested the sword before, but the person who tested the sword had been gone for several hours.
Out of curiosity, he flew all the way down the crack, but after flying down for a long time, he still couldn't find the end of the crack. In the end, he could only choose to fly up. This time, it took twice as long to fly down, but he still couldn't see the end.
During this process, Gao Han's heart became more and more shocked. Who in the world caused this injury?
At their cultivation level, it wasn't difficult for them to destroy a mountain range with a wave of their hand. Gao Han could do it himself.
The problem was that the Gold Silver Demonic Spring Mountain in the dreamland wasn't an ordinary mountain. If Gao Han used his full strength, he could leave a mark of a hundred miles on the mountain. If he used his full strength, he could leave a mark of two or three hundred miles on the mountain.
In the Misty Cloud Palace, where geniuses came in large numbers, this wasn't even worth mentioning.
A year ago, he happened to meet Xue Muyang, the number one of the Swallow Cloud Hall. Although Xue Muyang was only at the ninth level of the Life and Death Realm, he left a mark of a thousand miles on the Gold Silver Demonic Spring Mountain with a casual swing of his sword.
But today, he didn't know how many miles the mark was. What was going on?
Thinking of this, Gao Han left the Illusory Space and walked to a corner of the Sword Trial Hall. There was a tall curtain hanging in the corner of the Sword Trial Hall.
This screen recorded the attack that the Gold Silver Demonic Spring Mountain bore.
Gao Han didn't know the exact calculation method. It should be based on a martial artist who had just entered the Divine Reflection Realm as a basis to measure the strength of other martial artists. Perhaps this method wasn't very accurate, but it could be used as a reference.
For example, a martial artist like Gao Han could achieve three times the result with a single attack. In other words, one attack of his was three times the strength of the basic martial artist who was used as a reference.
However, this kind of result couldn't make the list. He just wanted to see how many times the strength of the person who left that terrifying mark was.
＝＝＝＝＝