On the screen, there was a simple record of the rankings in the Sword Trial Hall.
If he remembered correctly, the previous record was set by Xue Muyang, thirty-two times!
Just from this point alone, Xue Muyang's strength should be more than ten times that of Gao Han. However, there were many variables in a cultivator's battle. Some cultivation methods were extremely powerful, but they might not be able to erupt with particularly powerful power.
Therefore, it was not certain that Xue Muyang was ten times stronger than Gao Han, but it was certain that Xue Muyang was much stronger than Gao Han.
When Gao Han's gaze landed on the screen, she was instantly stunned …
"Three hundred and seventy-nine … times, this …"
Gao Han was stunned for a long time, unable to speak.
Purely in terms of power, this person was more than a hundred times stronger than him. Even compared to Xue Muyang, the number one in the Swallow Cloud Hall, the difference was more than ten times!
This was impossible …
Someone who could explode with such power could not be a Divine Sea Realm warrior. He should be at least a Divine Realm warrior!
In an instant, Xue Muyang came to this conclusion.
However, the upper limit of the Thirteen Palaces' warriors was the Divine Sea Realm. The entire Misty Cloud Palace would not take in a Divine Realm warrior …
It should be the Deacon of the Misty Cloud Palace, right? Or maybe it was a higher-up, or even a Palace Master or Vice Palace Master?
The possibility was not high. The Sword Trial Hall was only a secret realm for sword testing. No one had ever seen a warrior from the Misty Cloud Palace make a move.
After all, if they made a move, the record on the screen would not be just a few hundred times, but tens of thousands, or even hundreds of thousands of times. It could even be said that the dreamy space would not be able to withstand their damage.
As the sky grew brighter, more and more warriors came to the Sword Trial Hall. Many warriors would habitually check the rankings on the screen after entering the Sword Trial Hall.
For the warriors of the Misty Cloud Palace, this was also a kind of glory.
"Three hundred and seventy-nine times … Who made this result?"
"This multiplier, isn't it unbelievable?"
"Could it be Luo Zheng?"
Most of the warriors here were not qualified to enter the Torch Flame Inheritance, but some people still guessed that it was Luo Zheng.
After all, what happened in the Torch Flame Inheritance had spread throughout the Cloud Mist Heavenly Palace. Even those who were not qualified to enter the Torch Flame Inheritance had heard about the story of Luo Zheng and Ai Anxin.
This time, the two of them stood out in the Thirteen Palaces. The other Twelve Palaces simply did not have anyone who could match them.
Hearing this inference, a warrior shook his head, "It's absolutely impossible. A warrior who can display such power can't be below the Extreme Divine Realm. I admit that Luo Zheng's strength in the Xin Huo inheritance is almost monstrous, but he can't do it either!"
That day, the news about the first place of the Sword Trial Hall had already spread throughout Misty Cloud Palace.
These martial artists were also speculating who had left behind such a terrifying result …
The most popular candidates were Luo Zheng and Ai Anxin. They were the most likely candidates in the Misty Cloud Palace.
However, on the second day, Ai Anxin entered the Sword Trial Hall under everyone's watchful eyes. After taking a look at the first place, she entered the Dream Space.
Ai Anxin had also comprehended the Sword of Yi God, but she had only comprehended 15% of it. However, with only 15% of comprehension, Ai Anxin's strength had improved considerably.
Compared to the other warriors in Misty Cloud Palace, Ai Anxin did not know how terrifying 379 times was. Regardless of the fact that this record had spread like wildfire, she was more than happy to break this record, regardless of whether it was Luo Zheng who had created this record.
After half an hour, Ai Anxin left the Dream Space. When she saw the result on the screen, her confident face suddenly turned ugly.
The ranking on the screen had changed again. However, the 379 times result was still firmly in the first place. However, the 32 times result created by the second place was moved down one row and replaced by Ai Anxin's result.
Just now, she had used all her strength to achieve a result of 82 times.
If it weren't for the fact that the result on the screen was firmly above her head, her result would have locked her in the first place for a long time.
"Looks like it's not Ai Anxin …"
"Then it can only be Luo Zheng?"
"I still can't believe it. Maybe it's someone else!"
Hearing the discussions, Ai Anxin pouted slightly. Her face showed that she was not convinced. She turned around and entered the Dream Space again.
Not long after, another result that was ranked second appeared on the screen. Eighty-four times. This result pushed Ai Anxin's previous result to third place. As for Xue Muyang's previous result, it was ranked fourth.
Ai Anxin entered the Dream Space again. This time, it was only 81 times.
86 times …
85 times …
80 times …
Seeing Ai Anxin's actions, many warriors were speechless at this time.
This way of flooding the rankings was simply too much!
Previously, Xue Muyang's result had been at the top of the list for a long time. All the results after that were brushed off under the screen.
Now, Ai Anxin was constantly brushing off the list. She had directly pushed all the results out. Except for the first place result, all the other results were left by Ai Anxin!
A result of more than 80 times was unattainable for most warriors in the Cloud Mist Heavenly Palace. In the future, it would be almost impossible for other warriors to be on the list.
Many warriors were already extremely dissatisfied. However, thinking of Ai Anxin's monstrous strength, they could only grit their teeth and bear with it.
Ai Anxin brushed off the list again and again. When she exited the Dream Space for the last time, her face was pale. It seemed that she had used a secret method that exhausted her mind. This time, her result was only 96 times.
In the end, Ai Anxin could only choose to give up …
The Cloud Mist Heavenly Palace was abuzz with the news. However, Luo Zheng himself seemed to be uninvolved. He still maintained a very regular life.
Cultivating and observing the movement of the chaotic aura in his dantian.
The entire universe was as lively as ever. Occasionally, there would be creatures using the Roar Command to spread their voices throughout the universe.
In the past two days, there seemed to be a few more Celestial Masters fighting a war of words. In addition to the Celestial Masters of the Human Clan, there were also two or three Celestial Masters of the Demon Clan.
Luo Zheng naturally would not participate in the war of words between these Celestial Masters. However, after listening, Luo Zheng understood the reason for the war of words. It seemed to be because of a lost treasure. They were wrangling with each other …
After a period of time, the Cloud Mist Heavenly Palace once again welcomed two groups of guests. As a result, new topics spread throughout the Cloud Mist Heavenly Palace.
"The Spring Fragrance Pavilion and the Lingyan Pavilion came together …"
"It seems that they are going to take Luo Zheng and Ai Anxin in!"
"Sigh, these two people's lives are extraordinarily good!"
Envy was envy. If they could achieve the same results as Ai Anxin and Luo Zheng, they would naturally be valued by the two pavilions.
After joining the Lingyan Pavilion, they would be given a Lingyan Token. With this token, they could travel freely in the big worlds of the Alliance. No one could stop them. Moreover, as long as they were in the territory of the Alliance, they could get a lot of help by showing the Lingyan Token.
It was not easy for many warriors to travel through the big worlds of the Upper World. Traveling across several big worlds often meant expensive expenses. The passage between big worlds and the cross-realm passage could almost consume the life savings of an ordinary warrior. Luo Zheng still had many things to do. Since this token could solve so many problems, Luo Zheng naturally would not refuse.
After a period of time, Ai Hu, who had fought with Luo Zheng in the Torch Inheritance, finally arrived at the Cloud Mist Heavenly Palace.
After he regained his freedom, he did not stop and went straight to the Cloud Mist Heavenly Palace.
It was also because the distance between the Great Worlds was unimaginably long that it took him almost two months to cross the Great Worlds to come here.
After reuniting with Ai Anxin and his sister, Ai Hu asked his sister if Luo Zheng was still in the Cloud Mist Heavenly Palace.
Ai Anxin was curious why her brother was so concerned about Luo Zheng's whereabouts.
In her opinion, Luo Zheng was just her brother's defeated opponent.
However, Ai Hu only told her that she was only able to regain her freedom because Luo Zheng had shown mercy.
After hearing this, Ai Anxin was stunned. At this time, she recalled Luo Zheng's faint smile and understood a little. In her heart, she was completely convinced by Luo Zheng. Whether it was talent or strength, that guy really surpassed her in all aspects.