Ai Hu's visit surprised Luo Zheng.
The reason why he lost was because he felt that Ai Anxin's experience was similar to his.
However, the problem Luo Zheng was facing was even more troublesome. So far, he hadn't even seen Luo Yan's shadow. Even if he used the Roar Command, it didn't have any effect in the entire universe.
Ai Hu was also a forthright person. After visiting, his burly body bowed deeply to Luo Zheng.
Perhaps for Luo Zheng, it was an insignificant matter. However, for Ai Hu, the meaning of gaining freedom was extraordinary.
Back then, he offended the son of the Heavenly Sovereign and was sent to the Evil World. It was equivalent to cutting off his future. A lifespan of eight hundred years was too short for a cultivator. Now that he could gain freedom, it was an extremely fortunate thing for him.
Ai Anxin sat quietly to the side. Her mood was naturally very complicated.
From the moment she stepped into the Misty Cloud Palace, she regarded Luo Zheng as her opponent. She had provoked Luo Zheng time and time again, but this man didn't care. Instead, he helped her brother gain freedom.
"I came this time to reunite with Anxin. I also have an important matter to invite you!" Ai Hu said with cupped hands.
"Important matter?" Luo Zheng's face revealed a trace of surprise. He originally thought that Ai Hu came to visit just to express his gratitude.
Ai Hu's eyes slightly flashed, and a trace of vigilance appeared on his face. He stretched out his hand and took out a light yellow divine inscription. After pouring his True Yuan into it, an invisible barrier spread out and enveloped the three of them.
Seeing Ai Hu so cautious, Luo Zheng's face revealed a trace of curiosity. What was so important that he needed to be so cautious?
Then Ai Hu cupped his hands and said, "If this matter was in the past, even if Ai Hu lost his life, he wouldn't easily reveal it. However, my benefactor is an exception."
"Please speak." Hearing this, Luo Zheng's curiosity grew even stronger.
Then he listened to Ai Hu's tireless explanation …
After Ai Hu was sent to the Evil World, he was in a very dangerous situation.
The Evil World was originally a very prosperous Great World, and it was one of the more established Great Worlds in the universe.
However, after hundreds of millions of years of development, the resources in the Wicked World were in a barren state. Some of the sects in the Wicked World had also moved away from this place. In the end, the entire Great World became a land of exile. Some of the martial artists who had committed crimes were banished to the Wicked World.
The entire Evil World was in extreme chaos. After all, most of the cultivators who were banished there were evil. There were no rules there. It was common for cultivators to kill each other in order to survive.
When he had just entered the Evil World, Ai Hu himself had also suffered a lot and had even almost lost his life inside.
It had to be said that Ai Hu's luck was not bad. While being chased again, he accidentally stumbled into a cave mansion and found clues to the secret treasures of the Yin Sifting World.
Hearing this, Luo Zheng's face revealed a curious look. "A secret treasure of the Gathering Yin World?"
"Yes!" Ai Hu's eyes revealed a glimmer of light. "So I want to invite my benefactor to explore it together!"
Faced with Ai Hu's invitation, Luo Zheng showed a hesitant look on his face. He didn't know what this artifact was, but seeing Ai Hu so nervous, it was clear this artifact was no trivial matter, so he couldn't make up his mind for a while.
At this moment, Xun's voice sounded. "Luo Zheng, agree to him."
"En? Why … "
"Agree to him first."
Since Xun said so, Luo Zheng no longer hesitated. Xun rarely gave him advice, but since she had spoken, she must have her reasons.
There were not many people who could obtain Luo Zheng's complete trust, and Xun was naturally one of them.
Ai Hu naturally did not know what Luo Zheng was thinking. In Ai Hu's understanding, the secret treasure of the Yin Sifting World was of great importance. If it was revealed to anyone, even the Realm Lord would not have a reason to refuse.
Unfortunately, Luo Zheng did not know much about the Upper Realm. When he heard about the secret treasure of the Yin Sifting World, he did not seem to be moved. Instead, because of Xun's words, he agreed to this matter.
Then, Ai Hu handed a map that he had drawn in advance to Luo Zheng. At the same time, he told Luo Zheng, "After half a year, we will meet in the Yin Sifting World at the location marked on the map."
Luo Zheng took the map and looked at it for a while before asking, "But where is this Yin Sifting World?"
Hearing this question that involved common sense, Ai Hu was slightly stunned. How could there be a warrior who did not know where the Yin Sifting World was? This was a little …
Ai Anxin, who was beside him, laughed out loud. "Brother, Luo Zheng is an ascender, and he ascended not long ago …"
However, after learning the location of the Yin Sifting World, a smile appeared on Luo Zheng's face. He did not expect that the Yin Sifting World was actually adjacent to the World of Spirits, which was the great realm that Luo Zheng ascended from.
The World of Spirits was originally the border of the Three Thousand Great Realms of the Alliance, and the other side of the Yin Sifting World was no longer the territory of the Alliance.
With such a long distance, even if they continuously traveled across realms, it would probably take several months. Only now did Luo Zheng understand why Ai Hu suggested that they meet in the Yin Sifting World after half a year.
Since he had already agreed to it, Luo Zheng would not change his mind.
After Ai Hu and Ai Anxin left, Luo Zheng asked Xun, "Xun, what is this secret treasure of the Yin Sifting World? Why did you ask me to agree? "
At this time, the Sword Spirit gradually condensed in front of Luo Zheng. She smiled and replied, "This secret treasure of the Yin Sifting World … is an old story that has been covered in dust for hundreds of thousands of years. However, as the person involved, I happen to know some of its secrets, and some of them are quite important to you."
"I don't know if this cultivator called Ai Hu really knows how to open the secret treasure, but it's completely worth a try."
Hearing Xun's words, Luo Zheng nodded silently.
He could not always stay in the Misty Cloud Palace to cultivate, not to mention that he promised Xun that he would help her return to the throne …
Half a year was too short for cultivators of the Upper Realms. Traveling through great realms basically took months. After some simple preparations, Luo Zheng bid farewell to Yun Luo. Yun Luo was not surprised by Luo Zheng's departure. Even the cultivators of the Thirteen Palaces would seek opportunities to go out and gain experience, not to mention that she had promised Luo Zheng that she would not restrict him too much.
Therefore, not long after, Luo Zheng quietly left the Misty Cloud Palace and entered the great realm passage.