Luo Zheng left on a Heavenly Luan Horse.
This Mythological Beast was a rare item even in the Upper Realm. Naturally, it was given to Luo Zheng by Yun Luo.
After Luo Zheng left, Yun Luo turned around and returned to the depths of her hall.
There was an obscure and complicated divine pattern engraved on a flight of stairs in the depths of the hall. After Yun Luo walked up the stairs and activated the divine pattern, a black figure gradually emerged.
"Father," Yun Luo called out faintly.
Yun Luo's father was one of the three Celestial Venerables in charge of the Alliance, Celestial Venerable Cloud Fox!
A Celestial Venerate was a supreme existence in the universe. Even Yun Luo would not disturb her father unless she had something important to do.
Celestial Venerable Cloud Fox looked indifferent. Even though he was talking to his daughter, there was no emotion in his voice. "That boy … left?"
Yun Luo nodded.
"I will do my best to help you with this earth-shattering plan of yours. However, there are no secrets under heaven. If you can think of it, so can they," Celestial Venerable Cloud Fox said.
However, Yun Luo smiled sweetly. "Of course, I know about this. Although not many people know about the Fateless, there are still quite a few. But even if they can think of it, so what? The fate of the Fateless cannot be predicted or figured out. This is a path that no one can predict. I'm just giving Luo Zheng a little push behind his back … Who can say for sure what will happen in the future? "
"That's right. This is the most difficult thing for schemers in the past to jump out of. Yun Luo, you're not very scheming, but you've done well this time," Celestial Venerable Cloud Fox said faintly.
"Thank you for your praise, Father." Yun Luo smiled sweetly.
"However, you must pay attention to this. Luo Zheng's heaven defying Karmic Luck is extremely rare, but the things he carries on his back are no small matter. For example, it's extremely difficult for him to help the Demon Night Clan's King of Slaughter reclaim his throne. It would be a pity if he were to perish just like that …."
"Yes, I understand!"
Father had always been a man of few words. Empyrean powerhouses were at the stage of severing their emotions, vainly attempting to comprehend a trace of divinity beneath the Heavenly Dao!
It was also because Yun Luo had severed his emotions that her father had not shown any emotion since she was born. Today, her father was still as cold as ever, but to be able to say so much to her and even show a trace of concern, Yun Luo was very happy.
Ever since he reported the news about Luo Zheng to his father, he had attracted the attention of Celestial Venerable Cloud Fox. His father was also very interested in Luo Zheng. This was the first time she had received her father's praise since she embarked on the path of martial arts …
Riding on a divine beast and traveling through the great realm passageways was quite eye-catching.
Countless warriors were hurrying along in the spacious world passageway. Every time they saw Luo Zheng's Heavenly Luan Horse, their faces would reveal a trace of envy. At the same time, they would silently speculate about Luo Zheng's identity.
A martial artist who was qualified to ride a Heavenly Luan Horse was not an ordinary person.
Along the way, Luo Zheng had a preliminary plan for his next step.
With Luo Zheng's current strength, helping Xun regain the throne was not something he could do alone.
Fortunately, Xun was not an isolated existence in the Upper World. Celestial Venerable Divine Arrow, for example, had stood firmly behind her. In addition to Celestial Venerable Divine Arrow, there were also some old subordinates who were hiding, waiting for their king to return.
In addition, Xun had hidden a large number of resources. Her current goal was to use these resources to help Luo Zheng rapidly improve his strength!
After reaching the Divine Sea Realm, Luo Zheng's cultivation would improve very slowly, and the resources he would consume would be a hundred times, or even a thousand times more than before!
This was not a matter of talent.
In the world of warriors, below the Divine Sea Realm, one could only cultivate one's foundation, which was not suitable to be accelerated by various kinds of elixirs and resources. Otherwise, the foundation would be unstable.
Therefore, whether it was Luo Zheng or other super geniuses, they all relied on their own talent to make breakthroughs in their cultivation, instead of accumulating resources.
However, after reaching the Divine Sea Realm, the improvement of a martial artist's cultivation was related to the Inner World!
From opening the Spirit Sea, expanding the Inner World, guiding the Divine Thunder into the body, cultivating a small world in the Spirit Sea …
This was not a problem that could be solved by talent.
In fact, this point began to manifest at the end of the Life and Death Realm. For example, if an ordinary martial artist did not have the Ten Direction Calamity Inducing Elixir, it was almost impossible to attract the tenth minor tribulation. Therefore, elixirs of that level were very precious in many Holy Lands. Even the martial artists of the 13 Heavenly Palaces could only rely on their own strength to fight for them in the inheritance of the Eternal Flame.
A world that competed with resources was even crueler for martial artists. This was also one of the reasons why it was difficult for ascenders to succeed. Although talent was important here, resources were also more and more important. Therefore, when Celestial Venerable Fantasy Sea ascended to the Celestial Venerable position, it was considered a miracle for ascenders!
Xun also knew some of the secrets of the Gathering Yin World's secret treasures. It could even be said that the origin of the Yin World's secret treasures was closely related to Xun. Therefore, when Luo Zheng was hesitant and vigilant, Xun immediately made Luo Zheng agree. This secret treasure was the first batch of resources she gave to Luo Zheng …
If Luo Zheng simply flew at his own speed, it would probably take him dozens of years or even longer to cross the realms.
However, this Luan Horse was originally a rare creature in the world. At such a high speed, it had already arrived at the edge of the realm occupied by the Alliance in a month …
"Zi Yi Realm …"
"Vast Realm …"
"Star Rain Realm …"
"Psychic Realm."
After crossing the Psychic Realm, it was the Gathering Yin World.
He did not expect that after traveling through so many realms in the Upper Realm, he would circle back to the Psychic Realm.
In the universe, many martial artists, even Divine Sea Realm martial artists, were not qualified to travel through a realm in their lifetime. However, Luo Zheng had traveled through more than a thousand realms and then circled back …
However, he still had to thank Yun Luo for this.
For a martial artist, the greatest difficulty in crossing realms lay in time and money. Crossing a great boundary could exhaust a martial artist's life savings, and the time it would take was calculated in decades. For an ordinary martial artist, this kind of consumption was simply unbearable.
However, Luo Zheng had the Lingyan Jade Token and the Luan Horse, so naturally, he was unimpeded.
As for Ai Hu, he promised to meet in the Gathering Yin World in half a year and to rush to the Gathering Yin World within half a year. He was also a very resourceful person.
Luo Zheng did not intend to stay in the Psychic Realm. This was just a place for him to ascend.
However, when he was flying in the cross-realm passageway, a voice suddenly sounded in his ears. "Luo Zheng, where are you? Can you help me …"
Hearing that voice, Luo Zheng was slightly stunned. It was actually Mu Mingxue's voice …
Before leaving the lode, Mu Mingxue and Luo Zheng had exchanged voice-transmitting talismans.
Thinking about it later, it was indeed a very funny thing …
The universe was too big. It was just a realm, but its vastness was far beyond their imagination. The voice-transmitting talismans used in the Lower Realm could reach up to twenty to thirty thousand miles. The quality of the voice-transmitting talisman that Mu Mingxue exchanged with Luo Zheng was even higher, reaching up to sixty thousand miles.
In the Great Thousand World, sixty thousand miles was enough to cover a continent, and it could even transmit sound between two continents.
However, in the Upper Realm, this distance could only be regarded as a joke. When Luo Zheng was in the One Thought Seal Tower of the Torch Flame Inheritance, he had rushed over thirty thousand miles against the storm of laws …
Since the voice-transmitting talisman rang in his ear, it meant that the distance between him and Mu Mingxue was within sixty thousand miles. In the Upper Realm, this distance was almost equivalent to the distance between his home and the market.
He was not familiar with Mu Mingxue. In order to leave the lode, the two of them had a relationship of using each other. She was able to leave the lode one day earlier because of Luo Zheng. What happened later proved that even if Luo Zheng did not mine, someone would naturally take him away.
Mu Mingxue had burned a voice-transmitting talisman. It seemed that there was trouble?
He did not know when she had burned the talisman. Perhaps it had been several months, and the talisman had been echoing here.
At that time, she had said that one of her uncles was the City Lord of the Spirit Martial Holy Land. Presumably, her fate should be better than that of ordinary ascenders.
There was a slight hesitation on Luo Zheng's face, but he still gently patted the neck of the Heavenly Phoenix Horse. According to Professor Yun Luo's method, the Heavenly Phoenix Horse stopped, turned around, and left the Upper Realm passageway.
(There are still two updates today, and it will return to normal tomorrow. There are many things to do these two days, plus the plot transition, so I have to think about many problems. Thank you for your support! It's wrong to slack off. As a newcomer, you can't slack off!)
＝＝＝＝＝