Riding the Heavenly Luan Horse greatly increased Luo Zheng's speed.
The agreement with Ai Hu was half a year later, and Luo Zheng had only spent a month, so Luo Zheng still had plenty of time.
Mu Mingxue was his acquaintance, and she had helped him a lot when he collected Zhen Yuanyu from the mine.
He wondered what kind of trouble she had encountered.
As they were leaving the cross-realm passageway, the soldiers guarding the passageway glanced at Luo Zheng's horse with a respectful look on their faces.
Using the cross-realm passage required a lot of True Origin Stones. Luo Zheng had planned to take out the Lingyan Jade Token, but he didn't expect that the guards would let him go without saying anything.
These guards were not stupid. A person who could ride a divine beast was not someone they could afford to offend. If the guy on the Heavenly Luan Horse had a bad temper, it would be a big problem for them. Therefore, no one dared to stop Luo Zheng.
After Luo Zheng left the Great Realm Passageway and entered the ordinary Teleportation Passageway, the armored soldiers looked at Luo Zheng's back and discussed in low voices.
"A Heavenly Luan Horse. Wow, it's very rare in our Border Great World."
"Hehe, even our Spirit Martial Holy Land's Saint Lord doesn't have the ability to get such a horse. I wonder who this person is?"
"Could he be the son of a Realm Lord? Most likely! But this person doesn't seem to have any evil aura, and he looks very amiable. "
What they didn't know was that Luo Zheng had ascended from here half a year ago. At that time, he was still an ascender from the lower dimensions, and he was even imprisoned in a mine by the Spirit Martial Holy Land. He had to dig out over a hundred True Origin Stones before he could regain his freedom …
After leaving the passage, Luo Zheng returned to the Spirit Martial Holy Land's territory.
Although the Spirit Martial Holy Land only occupied ten to twenty percent of the Spiritual World, it was still very large.
Outside the Transfer Passage was a large city. After he leaped down from the Heavenly Luan Horse, he sized up the surrounding environment. Trying to find a person in a city in the Higher Realm was undoubtedly like looking for a needle in a haystack.
Fortunately, he had exchanged voice transmission talismans with Mu Mingxue. However, the voice transmission talisman he gave to Mu Mingxue was only 20,000 miles away.
Without hesitation, he ignited the voice transmission talisman. "I've received your message. Mu Mingxue, where are you?"
There was no response from the other side …
"Is the distance not enough?"
Thinking of this, Luo Zheng once again mounted the Heavenly Luan Horse. He patted the horse's neck and once again soared into the sky. This time, he was above the Lingwu Holy Land, where Ao Xiang was.
He tried to circle within a range of hundreds of thousands of kilometers, constantly changing his position and burning his voice transmission talisman several times …
On the sixth burn, Luo Zheng finally got a response!
Mu Mingxue's voice once again sounded in Luo Zheng's ears.
"Luo Zheng! You left the mine? "Mu Mingxue's voice carried a hint of surprise.
In fact, Mu Mingxue sent a voice transmission talisman to Luo Zheng out of helplessness. At that time, when Luo Zheng had accumulated 100 pieces of Zhen Yuanyu, he did not choose to leave. Instead, he continued to stay in the mine to mine. Mu Mingxue wanted to seek refuge with her biological uncle. Naturally, she had no intention of staying in the mine to accumulate Zhen Yuanyu.
However, the mine was more than 60,000 miles away from Mu Mingxue. She did not expect Luo Zheng to receive her message!
She did not know that Luo Zheng had crossed more than 1,000 big worlds … It was a distance that she could not imagine. Many warriors in the Spirit Sea Realm would not be able to cross such a long distance in their lifetime!
Coincidentally, Luo Zheng's destination this time was the Yin Luo World. He traveled along the big world passage and unexpectedly received the message from her voice transmission talisman.
Since Luo Zheng had received Mu Mingxue's response, he could conclude that Mu Mingxue was less than 20,000 miles away from him. Within this 20,000 miles, there was only one big city called "Huatian City". Luo Zheng turned his horse around and went straight to Huatian City.
In Luo Zheng's eyes, it was a big city, but that was only relative to the big cities in the Central Domain.
In fact, there were 36,000 cities like Huatian City in the Spirit Martial Holy Land. Hall Master Shen and Hall Master He, who had taken Luo Zheng away from the mine, were in charge of thousands of cities like this …
After arriving at Huatian City, Luo Zheng rode the Heavenly Luan Horse and slowly descended. There was a no-fly restriction in Huatian City, so it was not suitable for him to ride the Heavenly Luan Horse directly into the city.
After landing on the ground, Luo Zheng took out his Spirit Beast Pouch and wanted to put the Heavenly Luan Horse into it …
The space in the Spirit Beast Pouch was not small, but what Luo Zheng did not expect was that the Heavenly Luan Horse seemed to be very resistant to the Spirit Beast Pouch. It raised its hooves and kept retreating. It was very resistant to being put into the Spirit Beast Pouch by Luo Zheng.
"Eh?"
Luo Zheng's face revealed a strange expression. The Heavenly Luan Horse had been very docile and obedient along the way. Why would it resist the Spirit Beast Pouch?
"Is it because of the Ancestor Dragon?" Xun's voice floated over.
After all, the Ancestor Dragon was a very special existence. Although it was very close to Luo Zheng, one could not ignore this little guy's momentum. Even though the Heavenly Luan Horse was also a divine beast, it was still instinctively afraid of the Ancestor Dragon. Understanding this, Luo Zheng could only choose to give up. He could not force this guy into the Spirit Beast Pouch, so he could only lead the Heavenly Luan Horse into the city.
Along the way, Mu Mingxue's voice was still constantly transmitted.
Although Mu Mingxue told Luo Zheng that she had encountered some trouble, she was very hesitant and did not want to explain clearly.
Therefore, Luo Zheng could only follow the direction that Mu Mingxue pointed out. Not long after, he saw a residence with a good environment. However, there were four Divine Sea Realm warriors guarding around this residence. Luo Zheng could feel that there were even several divine runes arranged around this residence. There was a faint power coming from that residence.
Seeing this scene, Luo Zheng understood almost instantly. Mu Mingxue was locked up here?
"What are you doing?" One of the warriors saw Luo Zheng approaching and scolded loudly.
These warriors' eyesight was not as good as that of the armored warriors in the passageway. Although they could feel that the Heavenly Luan Horse behind Luo Zheng was not an ordinary horse, the armored warriors guarding the passageway had a clear understanding of the vehicles used by the warriors coming and going every day. Therefore, they recognized the origin of the Heavenly Luan Horse.
These cultivators were guarding this place under the orders of the City Lord. With the City Lord's orders here, no matter who approached, they would naturally be reprimanded.
Hearing this voice, Luo Zheng slightly frowned and said, "I'm looking for Mu Mingxue."
The warriors looked at each other. Mu Mingxue was just an ascender from the Mortal World. Moreover, it had not been long since she ascended. How did this guy know her?
"There is no such person here. Leave quickly," the warrior said impatiently.
Luo Zheng pointed to the residence and said, "She is inside. She just sent me a True Essence Sound Transmission."
After their lies were exposed by Luo Zheng, the faces of the warriors became increasingly gloomy and cold. "Boy, there are some things that you should not meddle in. Otherwise, you will inevitably get yourself into trouble!"
Hearing this, the corners of Luo Zheng's mouth gently raised, revealing a smile. "I wonder how I can get myself into trouble?"
"The woman inside is a woman chosen by the City Lord of Hua Tian City. She is to be offered to the big shots of the Spirit Martial Holy Land. However, this woman seems to be somewhat disobedient, so she has been imprisoned here! Boy, did you hear that? Is the City Lord someone you can afford to offend? "Another warrior slanted his eyes and said arrogantly.
It was probably because Luo Zheng was leading the Heavenly Luan Horse. In addition, although Luo Zheng had just stepped into the Divine Sea Realm, his aura was extraordinary. Although the warriors could not recognize the Heavenly Luan Horse, they were not completely blind. Therefore, they gave Luo Zheng such an explanation.
If not for this, if it were another martial artist, the four of them would have already made a move!
"I see..."
Luo Zheng gently nodded. No wonder this Mu Mingxue asked for his help, but from the beginning to the end, she was so secretive. It seemed that it was not easy to ask.
Wasn't the City Lord of Hua Tian City Mu Mingxue's uncle? Why did his own niece have to be offered to someone else after she ascended?
"Boy, it's good that you know. Leave quickly. If you are late, I'm afraid you won't be able to leave!" Seeing Luo Zheng's thoughtful expression, the warrior thought that his words had worked, and a trace of pride appeared on his face.
At this moment, Mu Mingxue's figure appeared in the residence. After ascending, Mu Mingxue's cultivation did not seem to have made any progress. Instead, there was a trace of fatigue on her face.
"Luo Zheng... you've already broken through to the Divine Sea Realm?" After Mu Mingxue saw Luo Zheng, her eyes flashed a trace of a bitter smile.
In fact, Mu Mingxue did not have any expectations for Luo Zheng.
Although Luo Zheng's performance in the mine was extraordinary, his strength was nothing in the Upper Realm.
However, after crossing countless distances and ascending to the Upper Realm to seek refuge with her uncle, she was finally offered by her uncle and became a cultivation vessel for a big shot. She had finally ascended to the Upper Realm. How could she be willing to become someone's cultivation vessel?
However, with her cultivation at the early stage of the Divine Sea Realm, she did not have the strength to go against her uncle!
In the end, she was imprisoned here, unable to go out...
What was more abominable was that the divine patterns in this residence even isolated the Yuan Qi of the world from the outside world. She could not even cultivate!
Thinking of this, Mu Mingxue's heart was filled with regret. If she had known, she would have continued to mine with Luo Zheng in the mine. After accumulating 200 pieces of Zhen Yuanyu, she would have been able to exchange them for the identity of an independent warrior. Although she did not have her uncle to rely on, at least she would be able to fly freely in this big world. She would not be imprisoned here and become a cultivation vessel for a big shot...
Therefore, when she saw Luo Zheng, her heart was filled with misery.
She never thought that the two of them would be in such a different situation.
She used the Sound Transmitting Talisman to ask for help from Luo Zheng because she had no other choice. In fact, she also knew that with Luo Zheng's strength, it was impossible for him to take her away.
Her uncle was the City Lord of Huatian City and his cultivation was at the late stage of the Divine Realm. Moreover, they were in the Lingwu Holy Place. Luo Zheng was just an insignificant ascender.
After seeing Mu Mingxue, Luo Zheng smiled faintly, "No wonder you wanted to ask me for help. I didn't expect that you would be imprisoned by your own uncle..."
"Don't talk about it. I used the Sound Transmitting Talisman because I had no other choice. You should leave." Mu Mingxue shook her head again. After seeing Luo Zheng, she calmed down and accepted her fate. This path was her own choice. Luo Zheng was not her relative. In the mine, the two of them were simply cooperating.
Moreover, even if Luo Zheng really wanted to save her, she was afraid that he would not have the strength to do so...
Unexpectedly, Luo Zheng suddenly reached out to Mu Mingxue and said, "Come with me. It's okay."