No one dared to cause trouble here.
Hua Tian City was just an insignificant city in the Upper World, but it was backed by the entire Spiritual Martial Holy Land.
Therefore, not to mention Luo Zheng, who was only at the Divine Sea Realm, even Ultimate God Realm warriors, or those who were even stronger than Ultimate God Realm warriors, didn't dare to cause trouble here!
Because offending Hua Tian City meant offending the 36 Palaces, and offending the 36 Palaces meant offending the Spiritual Martial Holy Land, whose Holy Lord was as strong as a Realm Lord.
These warriors showed some mercy to Luo Zheng. Firstly, Luo Zheng's bearing was extraordinary. Secondly, the horse behind him was extraordinary. Presumably, this person in front of them had some background.
But now, Luo Zheng ignored their warning and dared to take Mu Mingxue away. This was wishful thinking.
"What do I mean? Don't you understand? "Luo Zheng replied with a smile. Then, he said to Mu Mingxue again," Come with me. "
Mu Mingxue was also stunned. She was already very touched that Luo Zheng was willing to come and see her.
Although Luo Zheng's cultivation had broken through to the Divine Sea Realm, there was no way he could take her away. This was Hua Tian City!
"Luo Zheng, go. I, I can't leave …" Mu Mingxue shook her head. She regretted burning that Sound Transmitting Charm to Luo Zheng. She didn't have any hope in the first place, but Luo Zheng was the only person she knew after she ascended. She had no choice but to burn that Sound Transmitting Charm. In her heart, she knew very well that it was better than nothing.
It was very likely that Luo Zheng couldn't receive her burning Voice-transmitting Talisman. However, coincidentally, Luo Zheng received her request for help when he left the lode … But what was the use of that?
The four warriors had already moved and surrounded Luo Zheng from four directions. Their faces were very unfriendly. A cold light flashed in the hands of the warrior in the lead. It was a bright silver short sword, and on the short sword, there were rays of black light. "I gave you a chance just now. Now that you want to leave, I'm afraid it won't be so easy!"
As soon as he finished speaking, the warrior in the lead suddenly attacked Luo Zheng.
These warriors weren't easy to deal with. They had already overestimated Luo Zheng by being able to endure for so long. They thought that Luo Zheng didn't know what was good for him. Under such circumstances, he still wanted to take away Mu Mingxue. There was no other explanation other than seeking death!
They were, after all, four warriors of the Divine Sea Realm. Once they attacked, they were as fast as lightning. The warrior in the lead was very close to Luo Zheng. The short sword shot out from such a distance, carrying rays of black light, towards Luo Zheng. There was almost no room for him to dodge!
Luo Zheng was still standing in the same place. In their eyes, Luo Zheng's figure just swayed slightly and then returned to the same place. That short sword directly pierced through Luo Zheng's body, but didn't cause any harm to him.
He still had a smile on his face, but a faint killing intent had spread out in his eyes.
The four warriors instantly understood that this guy who had just entered the Divine Sea Realm couldn't be underestimated!
"Kill him!"
The four of them surrounded Luo Zheng from all directions, leaving no room for him to maneuver.
Seeing this, Mu Mingxue's face was full of despair. However, it was useless for her to regret now. With Mu Mingxue's insight, she naturally knew how excellent Luo Zheng was. When he was in the Life and Death Realm, his strength was comparable to a warrior who had just entered the Divine Sea Realm like her. In the future, he would definitely achieve something.
At the very least, he would be qualified to become a Castellan of the Lingwu Holy Place in the future. However, she burned a Transmitting Sound Amulet and got Luo Zheng into trouble …
However, she only saw Luo Zheng slightly raise his hand and a long sword appeared in his hand. That long sword only swayed slightly. Suddenly, several gray figures appeared around Luo Zheng!
"Bang, bang, bang, bang …"
As soon as those crisp sounds entered Mu Mingxue's ears, the four warriors of the Divine Sea Realm flew out in four different directions. One of them even smashed into Mu Mingxue's residence!
The scene in front of her eyes happened in a flash. After a moment, the four warriors of the Divine Sea Realm were lying on the ground. It was unknown whether they were dead or alive.
Mu Mingxue's pupils suddenly widened. She stared at Luo Zheng who was not far away in a daze. That astonishment was frozen on her face.
Defeating four warriors of the Divine Sea Realm with one move?
Among the many ascenders, Mu Mingxue's strength could be considered above average. However, she didn't have the ability to fight against warriors from the Upper World. She didn't have the confidence to win against any of the four warriors of the Divine Sea Realm in front of her, not to mention that Luo Zheng fought against all four of them in an instant!
Luo Zheng's strength improved so much after breaking through to the Divine Sea Realm?
She couldn't believe the scene in front of her eyes …
However, when she came back to her senses, her face became even uglier. "Luo Zheng, you're in big trouble. Hurry up and leave. This Huatian City is the territory of the Spirit Martial Holy Land. No matter how strong you are, you can't be their opponent …"
However, not only did Luo Zheng not listen to Mu Mingxue's words, the long sword in his hand flashed out a few rays of sword light. Then, the restrictions in front of the residence suddenly exploded, emitting black smoke.
These restrictions were enough to restrain warriors of the Divine Sea Realm, but they couldn't stop Luo Zheng at all. He didn't even want to waste time to break the divine patterns behind the restrictions. He completely relied on brute force to destroy these restrictions …
After breaking these restrictions, Luo Zheng said indifferently, "Okay, let's leave this place together!
Mu Mingxue looked at Luo Zheng and then looked at the extraordinary horse behind Luo Zheng. Suddenly, a sense of trust rose in Luo Zheng …
The worst result for her to escape with Luo Zheng was that she would still be caught and become someone's cultivation vessel. However, if she escaped with Luo Zheng, she would have a chance to escape from the Spirit Martial Holy Land!
Although this chance was very slim, it was still a chance in the end!
She had already fallen into despair. In her heart, the Huatian City was a colossus. It wasn't something that a small ascender like her could fight against. Not to mention, behind the Huatian City was the Spirit Martial Holy Land. An ascender like her was just like an ant in there!
But now, Mu Mingxue's desperate state of mind was like a drop of sweet dew. A trace of confidence quietly recovered. She no longer had any hesitation or worry.
Then, Luo Zheng pulled her onto the Heavenly Luan Horse. As Luo Zheng gently patted the horse's neck, the Heavenly Luan Horse's hooves gently stepped on the ground. As if riding on the clouds, the Heavenly Luan Horse shot directly into the sky!
The Heavenly Luan Horse's speed wasn't particularly fast at first, but it only took two or three breaths of time to rush into the sky. When it reached a height of three thousand feet, a huge net suddenly appeared in the sky, blocking in front of Luo Zheng!
That net was like a heavenly net, covering the entire sky of the Huatian City.
"It's the Forbidden Sky Restriction …" Mu Mingxue reminded.
Facing this Forbidden Sky Restriction, Luo Zheng's expression didn't change at all. He waved the long sword in his hand again. The sword light was like a rippling wave.
"Dang, dang, dang …"
When Luo Zheng's sword light hit the net, it exploded with a crisp sound. This slash actually didn't destroy the Forbidden Sky Restriction, which made Luo Zheng's face reveal a trace of surprise.
Due to this slight delay, a vigorous and powerful laughter was transmitted from afar.
"Hahaha, this is really unprecedented. Someone actually dares to cause trouble in my Huatian City!" Not far away, more than ten rays of light flew over. The person in the lead was wrapped in a blood-red ray of light. That person was wearing a blood-red robe, and his eyes were emitting a fiendish aura. It seemed that he had cultivated some kind of extremely powerful evil technique!
Seeing that person fly over, Mu Mingxue, who was behind Luo Zheng, suddenly changed her expression. "Uncle, uncle …"
Hearing Mu Mingxue's voice, Luo Zheng sized up the warrior in the lead. His expression was very calm. "Divine Realm expert … He's your uncle?"
Mu Mingxue nodded. "Yes, he's also the City Lord of Huatian City …"