The scarlet-robed martial artist was a knowledgeable person.
At first glance, he was a little confused. However, after he sensed the Divine Beast bloodline in the Heavenly Luan Horse, he was certain that the young man was riding was an extremely precious Heavenly Luan Horse!
When a martial artist traveled through the Great World, it was far from enough to rely on his physical body to travel through the air.
Even for a Divine Realm martial artist, it would take a long time to travel through a Great World using the Space Tunnel.
If one wanted to move from one great world to another, one had to have an extremely high level of comprehension and be able to comprehend the Space Diversion Technique. Otherwise, one would have to borrow some top-grade treasures to fly. Other than that, some divine beast mounts were also quite effective.
For example, the Blue Smoke Bird and the Heavenly Luan Horse in front of him!
However, capturing a Divine Beast was already an extremely difficult task. If one wanted to suppress and tame a Divine Beast, the difficulty would be even more exaggerated!
The young man in front of him was riding a tamed Heavenly Luan Horse …
The scarlet-robed martial artist knew very well what a tamed Heavenly Luan Horse meant. It was something that even the Holy Lord of the Spiritual Martial Saint Land would be interested in.
If he took the Heavenly Luan Horse, the scarlet-robed martial artist would not take it for himself. It was not something that a person of his level could possess. However, if he offered the Heavenly Luan Horse, he would obtain unimaginable benefits.
At this thought, the scarlet-robed martial artist's greed grew uncontrollably in his heart like black vines.
However, the scarlet-robed martial artist was not a fool. The Heavenly Luan Horse could not have been captured from the wild. Even if an ordinary martial artist had the ability to capture it, it would be impossible for him to tame it.
Since the young man in front of him had a tamed Heavenly Luan Horse, his background was probably not ordinary.
Because of this, the scarlet-robed martial artist did not choose to attack directly. Instead, his expression became polite. "Mingxue, as your uncle, I have treated you well. Why do you want to escape?"
Since she had chosen to escape with Luo Zheng, Mu Mingxue knew that there was no turning back. Her expression turned cold. "Uncle, after I ascended, I traveled thousands of miles to seek refuge with you. However, you want to use me as a Human Cauldron. How can Mu Mingxue be willing to be someone else's Human Cauldron?"
The blood-robed cultivator tried his best to show an amiable smile. "Mingxue, why do you say that? Uncle has been working hard in the Upper Realm. The Upper Realm is much crueler than you can imagine. Being a furnace may not be a bad thing … I wonder who this young hero behind you is? "
The crimson-robed martial artist was not interested in Mu Mingxue's thoughts. His main purpose of saying these words was to find out the identity of the young man behind Mu Mingxue.
Luo Zheng's mind was as clear as a mirror. How could he not know what this scarlet-robed martial artist was thinking?
He smiled faintly and said, "Mu Mingxue and I ascended at the same time, and it was fate that brought us together. Your uncle is too vicious, he won't even spare his own niece."
Hearing Luo Zheng's words, the blood robed martial artist's heart skipped a beat!
He was actually an ascender?
The crimson-robed martial artist was also an ascender. Over the years, he had relied on his own hard work to become a City Lord of one of the thirty-six thousand cities in the Lingwu Holy Place. He was also considered a person with real power.
However, in the entire Lingwu Holy Place, he was not considered a big shot, but this did not diminish his ambition!
Since he was an ascender, this matter would be easy to handle …
Originally, he was only afraid of the power behind Luo Zheng. Now that he no longer had any scruples, the smile on his face gradually disappeared.
"Hehe, boy, naturally, I, as her biological uncle, will handle my niece's matters. As an ascender, I also want to warn you, don't meddle in other people's business in the Upper Realm, because meddling in other people's business will often lead to a considerable price!"
"What price?" Luo Zheng pretended not to know and asked.
"Pay with your life." The crimson-robed martial artist shook his head and sighed softly. However, he turned his back and waved gently at his several followers.
This crimson-robed martial artist had the cultivation of the late stage of the Divine Sea Realm. In his eyes, Luo Zheng, a little guy who had just entered the Divine Sea Realm, was not worthy of his attack. However, the six followers of the late stage of the Divine Sea Realm who followed him rushed forward!
"Puff, puff, puff, puff, puff …"
Just as the crimson-robed martial artist turned his back, he heard several muffled sounds coming from behind him. When he turned his head, he saw that his six followers were like kites with broken strings, smashing directly into Huatian City.
Luo Zheng still had a slightly ignorant smile on his face. He continued to ask the crimson-robed martial artist, "What price?"
Seeing this scene, the crimson-robed martial artist's eyes revealed a trace of surprise. With the cultivation of the early stage of the Divine Sea Realm, he killed six warriors of the late stage of the Divine Sea Realm in an instant? The original faint smile suddenly froze on his face. The strength of the boy in front of him had completely exceeded his estimation.
With the cultivation of the early stage of the Divine Sea Realm, he had such strength?
At this time, his gaze once again fell on the sword in Luo Zheng's hand.
After feeling the power of the Thunder and Wind Ghost Sword, his eyes suddenly twitched! It was at least a Secondary First Grade Divine Weapon. No, it was very likely a First Grade Divine Weapon!
The crimson-robed martial artist had faintly sensed that Luo Zheng's identity was not ordinary. He had a Heavenly Luan Horse as his mount and a First Grade Divine Weapon in his hand! Even the core geniuses of the Lingwu Holy Place would not receive such treatment.
Was this guy really just an Ascender?
Mu Mingxue had just ascended not long ago. It was impossible for her to know any big shots. The possibility of this guy being an Ascender was very high. Moreover, he had just admitted it very frankly.
The question was, how could an ordinary Ascender have such strength? How could he have a First Grade Divine Weapon?
If the crimson-robed martial artist had calmed down and thought carefully, he might have stopped. The consequences of provoking someone he could not afford to provoke were obvious. He had lived for so many years. There was no reason for him not to understand this logic.
However, the sword in Luo Zheng's hand and the Heavenly Luan Horse behind him were constantly emitting a huge temptation.
Although the crimson-robed martial artist was the City Lord of Huatian City, any random treasure in Luo Zheng's hand was something that he could not obtain in his lifetime!
Killing people and seizing treasures were normal things in the world of martial artists. At this time, greed had already dominated his thoughts.
Sitting on the Heavenly Luan Horse, Mu Mingxue's eyes flashed with a strange light. From the first day she met this guy, he seemed to be constantly giving her surprises! She could not see through this guy's strength at all! However, when she thought of her uncle's ultimate Divine Realm cultivation, the light in her eyes dimmed a little. No matter how powerful Luo Zheng was, he would not be able to defeat her uncle.
The crimson-robed martial artist sized up Luo Zheng a few times and only lightly praised, "Interesting … but it's still not enough …"
Then, from the crimson-robed martial artist's body, a violent Evil Qi spread out like a tide. In the entire Huatian City, the weak martial artists and countless mortals were all trembling under this pressure. Most of them did not even dare to raise their heads.
The Life and Death Realm and Divine Sea Realm martial artists in Huatian City were quietly watching the battle in the sky from a corner.
"The City Lord of Huatian City actually personally took action …"
"His opponent seems to be a little guy who has just entered the Divine Sea Realm?"
"Don't underestimate that young man. He defeated six late-stage Divine Sea Realm martial artists in an instant. This guy can't be a core genius cultivated by some big Holy Land, right?"
A ball of fluctuating Blood Qi appeared in the crimson-robed martial artist's hand. The Blood Qi constantly curled up and gradually formed a blood-red spear!
The blood-red spear waved and pointed at Luo Zheng from afar. "You will soon know the price you will have to pay!"
At this moment, Luo Zheng's expression also became serious. He did not speak again. This was the first time he faced an ultimate Divine Realm expert. The Thunder and Wind Divine Sword lightly flicked, and a bolt of lightning and a wind blade intertwined. At the same time, numerous Divine Shadows also surrounded the crimson-robed martial artist from different directions.
"Come on!"
The scarlet-robed martial artist roared, and the blood-red spear thrust out several times in an instant. Almost every spear thrust hit Luo Zheng's Serene Spirit Phantoms, shattering them in an instant!
Not only that, after breaking Luo Zheng's Divine Shadows, the crimson-robed martial artist's spear was like a dragon exploring the sea, heading straight for Luo Zheng.
＝＝＝＝＝