In the eyes of the scarlet-robed martial artist, Luo Zheng dared to attack him because he was overestimating himself. He was like a mantis trying to stop a chariot.
However, for Luo Zheng, this was a test of his own strength.
The strength of a Divine Realm expert had once again crossed a realm. In the lower realm, the strength of the seven Divine Realm experts of the Demi-Immortal Clan was something that Luo Zheng could only look up to. However, the scarlet-robed martial artist in front of him was just a City Lord of the Spirit Martial Holy Land. His strength should be on par with the seven Divine Realm experts of the Demi-Immortal Clan.
Seeing that his Nether God Shadow was instantly shattered, Luo Zheng's figure quickly retreated along the path of the Forbidden Sky Restriction.
"The strength of a Divine Realm expert is indeed more powerful than I imagined. This person is just a City Lord, so his talent shouldn't be that outstanding. However, the power of the blood spear is still beyond my expectations."
Luo Zheng kept thinking in his mind. Facing the sudden thrust of the blood red spear, Luo Zheng's long sword gently blocked. Numerous wind blades and lightning once again swept towards the scarlet-robed martial artist! However, the blood red spear was also very strange. In an instant, it transformed into numerous blood flowers, which blended with the Power of Law, and directly dissolved the wind blades and lightning.
"It's useless, kid. Among the Divine Sea Realm experts, your strength is indeed shocking. However, your understanding of the Power of Law is still very shallow … Hehe." After saying this, the scarlet-robed martial artist once again raised the blood red spear. In an instant, the Forbidden Sky Restriction of the entire Hua Tian City seemed to be linked with him in an instant!
The originally large black net, which was filled with Blood Qi, began to turn into a large dark red net. Under this large net, numerous hair-thin blood threads stretched out and constantly intertwined, forming a huge blood net cage, which trapped Luo Zheng and the scarlet-robed martial artist inside.
Mu Mingxue, who was sitting on the Heavenly Luan Horse, was also very nervous. Just now, Luo Zheng was forced to retreat again and again. Now that Luo Zheng was bound, there was no way out!
"It's over … Since you ascended at the same time as Mu Mingxue, I don't know how you obtained the first-grade divine artifact and the Heavenly Luan Horse in just one year. But that's not important anymore because everything you have will be mine!"
In this cage, the greed on the scarlet-robed cultivator's face gradually became more intense, and he no longer concealed it.
Luo Zheng just glanced at the scarlet-robed martial artist and didn't say anything. Instead, he put the long sword in front of him. After his pupils shrank slightly, his temperament suddenly changed dramatically.
That little change was completed in an instant …
The whole process took less than a breath's time. Almost before the scarlet-robed cultivator could react, Luo Zheng's sword had already stabbed out.
At this moment, the scarlet-robed cultivator waved his long spear gently. Endless blood flowers bloomed on his body and piled up on Luo Zheng. In his view, the Power of Law that Luo Zheng had stimulated was not worth mentioning at all. As long as he kept melting it, he could easily dissolve it, and then he could take this boy's life with a single strike!
But what he never expected was that Luo Zheng's seemingly casual sword strike was very different from before!
He felt a power that he could not understand!
It was just a very ordinary sword strike!
Even the Power of Law was not stimulated, only a narrow and sharp sword intent.
But it was this seemingly ordinary sword strike that contained a sword momentum that made him feel confused.
At this moment, he felt as if Luo Zheng wasn't a living being, but a piece of stone, a piece of stone without any life force.
But how could a stone wield a sword?
How could he stab out such a terrifying sword strike?
The most important thing was that this guy did not have any accumulation of power at all. This sudden stab seemed like a casual stab, but it made the scarlet-robed cultivator feel an unstoppable power.
Yi Shen's Sword …
The legendary sword strike that could injure a True God. Although Luo Zheng's performance was not perfect, the sword momentum contained within was already terrifying enough.
The terrifying part of the Yi Shen's Sword was not only its invincible power, but more importantly, compared to other killer moves, this sword strike did not require any accumulation of power at all. As long as it was completely comprehended, it could be used at will. Under the stimulation of the sword intent, it could destroy the world with a raise of one's hand.
The scarlet-robed cultivator was not anxious from the beginning to the end. In his view, Luo Zheng had shown great strength, but under this prohibition, coupled with his Dark Blood Skill, this Luo Zheng could only be a plaything.
But this reversal only happened in an instant!
Just as he was about to torture Luo Zheng bit by bit and let this kid understand the price he had to pay, this guy suddenly stabbed out with his sword.
When the confusion in his heart disappeared, he found that he had been completely penetrated by Luo Zheng's sword. Then, his entire body turned into pieces and began to rapidly dissipate.
The first to dissipate was his torso, and the last to dissipate was his head …
Even before his head was completely shattered, Luo Zheng's eyes were still indifferent as he asked, "Tell me, what price do I have to pay?"
The scarlet-robed cultivator's head unwillingly glared at Luo Zheng, and then began to break into pieces, slowly dissipating between heaven and earth …
"How could there be such a monstrous existence … One sword strike, and my main body was destroyed! Ah ah ah! "
At the same time, in the depths of the City Lord's Mansion of Huatian City, in a secret room filled with the smell of blood, a ball of blood essence floated in the air and transformed into a human figure, roaring towards the sky! This scarlet-robed cultivator cultivated the "Dark Blood Art", which could create the Blood Soul Body!
In the future, he could use this Blood Soul Body to condense a second body that was exactly the same as his own.
However, his main body had already fallen before he could complete his Blood Soul Body. This was a huge blow to him!
The blood man formed by the blood essence roared crazily. Suddenly, he seemed to have discovered something, and a surprised expression appeared on his bloody face. "Palace Lord! The Palace Lord seems to be flying towards my Huatian City. I will inform him of this news. After all, there is still a chance! "
His main body was accidentally killed. For the City Lord of Huatian City, it was a huge loss. However, if the Palace Lord was willing to protect him, this loss could be easily made up for!
A Palace Lord controlled a thousand cities. In the eyes of the City Lord of Huatian City, the Palace Lord was a high and mighty existence. He was also an extremely important figure in the Spiritual Martial Holy Land. After the blood man had completely absorbed the blood in the blood pool, he rushed out of the secret room.
The power that erupted from Luo Zheng's sword was too strong. It easily pierced through the body of the scarlet-robed cultivator and easily destroyed the Forbidden Sky Seal. The sword intent extended to an extremely far distance, spanning a distance of tens of thousands of miles. In the end, it was gradually dissipated by the sword force condensed by Luo Zheng.
Even after it dissipated, the power of the sword force was still felt by many experts.
All the experts within a radius of several hundred thousand kilometers all sensed the presence that erupted from the sword at the same time. The city lords of over a hundred cities all left their manors and raised their heads to look at the sword that had pierced through from the west. They all became extremely stern.
Under normal circumstances, there would not be any major disputes in the Spiritual Martial Holy Land. After all, ordinary warriors would not dare to fight within the Spiritual Martial Holy Land. However, who was the one fighting just now? Only when a Divine Realm expert went all out would they be able to erupt with such power.
Many City Lords felt the remaining power of the sword and rushed towards Huatian City. The fastest and the first to arrive was a Palace Lord of the Spiritual Martial Holy Land.
This Palace Lord's surname was Shen. He was an old acquaintance of Luo Zheng. When Luo Zheng left the mine, it was Palace Lord Shen and another Palace Lord He who led Luo Zheng all the way to the Holy City.