Just now, Luo Zheng's sword attack had indeed alarmed Hall Master Shen.
It wasn't that Luo Zheng's sword attack was very powerful in Hall Master Shen's eyes. In fact, because they were too far away, Hall Master Shen didn't see Luo Zheng's sword attack.
He sensed an extremely unique concept from that might!
Therefore, after feeling that power, he hurriedly searched for it and came all the way to Hua Tian City.
Just as he arrived at Hua Tian City, he saw a bloody man rushing towards him.
Hall Master Shen's eyes faintly glanced at him and frowned slightly. "Mu Jinglun? Why do you look like this? "
Hall Master Shen was in charge of thousands of cities, but only thirty or so of them were controlled by ascenders. Mu Jinglun was one of the city lords he was more familiar with.
"Hall, Hall Master … My physical body was destroyed by a brat!" Hua Tian City Lord said sadly, but then his eyes flashed with a ray of hope. "But Hall Master, that brat has precious treasures on him. He shouldn't have escaped from my Hua Tian City yet!"
"Oh?" Hall Master Shen's face revealed a trace of confusion. How could someone with precious treasures dare to cause trouble in the Spiritual Martial Holy Land?
"Hall Master, I'll take you there now!" Hua Tian City Lord was leading the way. Now that his physical body was destroyed, it was impossible for him to covet Luo Zheng's Heavenly Luan Horse and the first-grade divine weapon. However, if he gave these treasures to Hall Master Shen first, he believed that Hall Master Shen would help him.
Luo Zheng's sword attack had killed Hua Tian City Lord and then broken the entire Hua Tian City's restriction on flying. Mu Mingxue, who was sitting on the Heavenly Luan Horse to the side, was stunned speechless.
What had Luo Zheng experienced in this one year?
Could it be that the resources in the Upper Realm were so abundant? He had only wandered in the Spiritual Martial Holy Land for less than a year, but he was able to raise his strength to such a level?
This was absolutely impossible. The moment this thought arose in Mu Mingxue's mind, she immediately dismissed it …
Because she had sought refuge in Huatian City, Mu Mingxue indeed did not have the opportunity to properly understand the Upper Realm. However, her uncle's talent was not bad. At least, he was now a City Lord. However, after staying in the Upper Realm for so many years, he was still killed by Luo Zheng in one move. Just from this point alone, Mu Mingxue's guess was denied.
But how did Luo Zheng improve his strength so quickly? Mu Mingxue couldn't figure it out.
She couldn't imagine that Luo Zheng had already traversed more than a thousand Great Worlds and circled around before returning to this place …
Luo Zheng was not very satisfied with the sword that his opponent had just slashed out. There was even a somewhat dispirited expression on his face. Although this Sword of God Yi did not require any accumulation of power, he still needed to adjust his state of mind. The moment he slashed out that sword, Luo Zheng tried to completely seal off his seven emotions and six sensory pleasures.
It was easier said than done. No matter how hard he tried, the moment he slashed out that sword, his state of mind was still somewhat shaken.
Luo Zheng himself also speculated that if he used a stone to perform this sword, he might be able to achieve the perfect effect. Unfortunately, he was not a stone, nor was he a true god-like existence. After all, he was a living person!
"Let's go." Luo Zheng smiled faintly and prepared to leave with Mu Mingxue.
Mu Mingxue nodded slightly, but her gaze towards Luo Zheng clearly carried a trace of reverence.
When she had just ascended, Mu Mingxue's heart was still quite superior. After all, compared to other ascenders who had no one to rely on, she still had an uncle in the Lingwu Holy Land. It could be considered that she had someone to rely on.
Now that she thought about it, she shouldn't have rushed to seek refuge with her uncle. In comparison, Luo Zheng was actually more reliable.
However, now that Mu Mingxue understood, she already had this kind of reverence towards Luo Zheng. When facing Luo Zheng, she couldn't be so casual …
However, at this moment, another two streaks of light flew over from the horizon.
Seeing the people who were flying over, Mu Mingxue's slightly relaxed heart suddenly tensed up again!
This was because she saw that the bloody figure in front of her was actually her uncle. As for the cultivator following behind him, she couldn't see through his cultivation at all. As long as one wasn't a fool, they would know what was going on in this situation!
"What should I do …" Subconsciously, Mu Mingxue had already regarded Luo Zheng as her pillar of support.
Luo Zheng's gaze swept over lightly, but there was a faint smile on his face. Probably because he felt Mu Mingxue's nervousness, he said, "It's okay, I seem to have met an acquaintance."
Hall Master Shen followed the Essence Blood body of Huatian City's City Lord and quickly rushed to the west side of Huatian City. He was originally very confused, but when he arrived at his destination, his eyebrows suddenly raised and he looked up and down at Luo Zheng.
Luo Zheng's appearance didn't change at all, but after breaking through to the Divine Sea Realm, Luo Zheng's cultivation realm had advanced by leaps and bounds. His temperament had also improved, which made Hall Master Shen a little confused.
Moreover, Luo Zheng should have been taken away by the Palace Lord of Cloud Mist Heavenly Palace. Why did he return to the Lingwu Holy Land alone? So for a moment, Hall Master Shen was a little uncertain!
"Hall Master, it's this brat. He has a First Grade Divine Artifact and a Heavenly Luan Horse as his mount," Huatian City's City Lord said in a low voice, "And the woman beside him is the Heavenly Origin Body that I have arranged for you. She is an excellent cultivation vessel for a cultivator …"
Hearing her uncle's words, Mu Mingxue was also anxious and angry. Her uncle had asked her to become a cultivation vessel for some important person. It seemed that the important person her uncle was talking about was this person in front of her. Mu Mingxue felt extremely sad in her heart!
And this person's cultivation was far stronger than her uncle's. She didn't know if Luo Zheng could still deal with him … Although Luo Zheng's performance just now was shocking, but no matter how monstrous a cultivator was, there was still a limit. Crossing a major realm to defeat her uncle was already shocking enough. Luo Zheng couldn't cross two realms to defeat this person in front of her, right?
What Mu Mingxue never expected was that after that person sized up Luo Zheng a few times, his face was filled with smiles. He cupped his hands towards Luo Zheng and said, "Luo Zheng, long time no see."
Seeing Hall Master Shen, Luo Zheng only nodded slightly, "Hall Master Shen, long time no see."
Under the two's intimate greeting, Mu Mingxue and Mu Jinglun were both stunned. But after the shock, Mu Mingxue revealed a smile with a relaxed expression on her face.
But Mu Jinglun's expression at this time was as ugly as it could be!
What kind of person was Hall Master Shen? When had he ever shown them, City Lords, any respect?
But he was so polite to this young man in front of them. Even if one used their buttocks to think, the current situation was very unfavorable to them …
Hall Master Shen sized up Luo Zheng, his face still somewhat doubtful. He asked, "Young hero Luo Zheng, I heard from the Holy Lord that you were brought to the Thirteen Palaces, right? Why did you return to the Spirit Martial Sacred Land in such a short time? "
This Luo Zheng was someone that even the Holy Lord thought highly of, so Hall Master Shen was naturally very polite.
Luo Zheng smiled faintly, "I just happened to pass by this place. I didn't expect that a friend who ascended with me back then would be imprisoned by my uncle. He said that he was going to treat her as some important person's cultivation vessel!"
Cultivation vessel …
Hearing Luo Zheng's words, Hall Master Shen suddenly felt cold sweat break out on his back!
Hall Master Shen didn't know that Luo Zheng had already joined the Lingyan Pavilion, nor did he know what happened to Luo Zheng in the Thirteen Palaces. After all, with Hall Master Shen's status, he didn't have the qualifications to join the Thirteen Palaces.
But Luo Zheng's status and background was something that Hall Master Shen couldn't afford to offend. Even the Holy Lord of the Spirit Martial Sacred Land would treat the Palace Lord of the Misty Cloud Palace with the highest level of respect. Even the Great Realm Lord of the Spirit Martial Sacred Land had to personally greet him!
And he was just one of the thirty-six Hall Masters of the Spirit Martial Sacred Land.
A single word from the Holy Lord could consign him to eternal damnation.
And when Hall Master Shen saw that Luo Zheng was familiar with Mu Mingxue, although he wasn't sure of the relationship between Luo Zheng and that girl, it still made Hall Master Shen's heart tremble!
Give her to me as a cultivation vessel? Isn't that the same as killing me?
This Luo Zheng was personally taken away by Yun Luo. Although he hadn't seen Yun Luo in person and didn't have the qualifications to do so, the daughter of the Heavenly Venerables of the Alliance, the Palace Lord of the Misty Cloud Palace, only needed a glance to kill him a hundred times if she wanted his life!
Hall Master Shen smiled and nodded at Luo Zheng. "Young hero Luo Zheng, please don't mention the matter of the cultivation vessel again. It was my fault for disciplining my subordinates, so I'll apologize to you first." After speaking, he glanced indifferently at Mu Jinglun and said, "This person is extremely sinister and doesn't even recognize his own family. How can such a person be qualified for the position of Spirit Martial Sacred Land's City Lord?"
At this time, Mu Jinglun's face was filled with terror. That extremely bad premonition of his had now become reality!
Thinking of this, Mu Jinglun actually turned around and fled. He originally had a body of essence blood, so relying on it to escape was extremely fast.