To be able to become a Temple Master in a tenth-grade Holy Land, Temple Master Shen was definitely a shrewd person.
He knew very well what it meant for a Temple Master of a Heavenly Palace to take Luo Zheng away.
He didn't have the ability to inquire about the secrets, nor could he speculate, but he didn't need to know!
He only needed to know that it was a Temple Master of a Heavenly Palace who took Luo Zheng away, and that she was the daughter of a Celestial Master. When that woman came here, even the Realm Master of the Spiritual Realm had to appear in person! The 36 Temple Masters didn't even have the chance to appear.
At first, Temple Master Shen thought that Luo Zheng might have some good background in the Holy Land. It was also because of the Holy Lord's personal order that they brought Luo Zheng all the way to the Holy Land.
But no matter how they guessed, they didn't expect that Luo Zheng would be taken directly to the Heavenly Palace by Yun Luo …
Such a background made Temple Master Shen and Temple Master He really scared for a while. They even carefully recalled whether they had taken care of Luo Zheng during their journey.
Now, Luo Zheng had returned to the Lingwu Holy Land!
That was a journey across more than a thousand big worlds. Even for Temple Master Shen, it was extremely difficult to cross more than a thousand big worlds. He was afraid that he would have to spend all his family's property and spend a lot of time.
Luo Zheng had crossed more than a thousand big worlds to leave, and then crossed more than a thousand big worlds to come back …
This was something that even Luo Zheng did not realize. Among the many martial artists, this was absolutely a magnificent feat! At least in the Divine Sea Realm, there weren't many warriors who could cross so many big worlds. Only the top geniuses of each big world had such resources and ability.
Temple Master Shen glanced around and recognized the Heavenly Luan Horse behind Luo Zheng. As for the long sword in Luo Zheng's hand, although he couldn't tell the origin of it, it wasn't difficult for him to recognize it as a first-grade divine weapon with his knowledge. Judging from the faint aura of the Law transmitted from the sword, it was outstanding even among first-grade divine weapons.
If it was an ordinary person leading a Heavenly Luan Horse and holding a First Grade Divine Tool, Hall Master Shen might really want to kill him and rob him of his treasures. After all, he, Hall Master Shen, might not be able to obtain even one of these treasures in his lifetime. However, Luo Zheng … he didn't dare to act blindly without thinking.
Not only did he not dare to act rashly, he even destroyed Mu Jinglun's essence blood with a raise of his hand, refining it into a piece of essence blood and essence soul.
Then, with an apologetic expression, he presented the Blood Essence and Soul Essence to Luo Zheng. "This person cultivates the 'Dark Blood Art', which is to extract all of his Blood Essence and reconstruct a new body. However, I'm afraid it's impossible for him to reconstruct a second body. This Blood Essence and Soul Essence is a great supplement. Please accept it, Young Hero Luo Zheng."
Luo Zheng indifferently glanced at the Blood Essence and Soul Essence. These things didn't have much meaning to Luo Zheng, but he didn't refuse. After receiving it from Hall Master Shen, he passed it to Mu Mingxue. "Your uncle is still your closest relative after all. You should accept this Blood Essence and Soul Essence yourself."
Hearing Luo Zheng's words, Mu Mingxue's body lightly trembled. When her uncle attracted Hall Master Shen, she had once again fallen into despair.
In this short period of time, she had seen hope from despair, then fell into despair, and then saw hope again … Her state of mind had experienced several great ups and downs.
What was even more unexpected was that Hall Master Shen was actually so polite to Luo Zheng after arriving. She could even see the eagerness in his eyes. Then, with a raise of his hand, he directly destroyed her uncle's Blood Essence and Soul Essence just to apologize to Luo Zheng.
What kind of person was this Luo Zheng?
A year's time wasn't a long time for a warrior, but for Mu Mingxue, it was almost like yesterday.
When they were in the Ascension Well, Mu Mingxue spoke with fervor and assurance, while Luo Zheng was immersed in a tranquil expression, not saying a word. Then, it didn't take long for him to adapt to the World's Origin Qi in the Upper Realm …
Those who walked through the Ascension Passage were undoubtedly ascenders. However, the majority of those who ascended at the same time as Luo Zheng were still mining in the mines. She, Mu Mingxue, was able to leave early, so she could still be considered a lucky ascender. However, Luo Zheng already had such a status!
Mu Mingxue couldn't figure out what had happened to Luo Zheng in just a year's time.
After receiving the Blood Essence and Soul Essence from Luo Zheng, Mu Mingxue didn't absorb them. Mu Jinglun was her uncle, and this Blood Essence and Soul Essence were very beneficial to a warrior's vitality. However, she wouldn't go so far as to absorb her uncle's Blood Essence and Soul Essence. With a flip of her hand, she stored the Blood Essence and Soul Essence into her spatial ring.
With a smile on his face, Hall Master Shen continued, "Since Young Hero Luo Zheng has come to our Spirit Martial Holy Land, why not come to my Hall for a chat?"
The warriors of the Thirteen Palaces would certainly bear heavy responsibilities in the Alliance in the future. Although this might be a matter of the distant future, Hall Master Shen was very clear that this kind of opportunity wasn't available to everyone.
Luo Zheng didn't refuse Hall Master Shen's invitation. He had a lot of time on this trip to the Sifting Yin World.
Therefore, Luo Zheng and Hall Master Shen left Huatian City together. As for Mu Mingxue, she sat on the Heavenly Luan Horse in a daze. Her eyes were constantly flashing, but she still hadn't come back to her senses.
Hall Master Shen was in charge of the Spirit Martial Holy Land's Xu Hua Palace. This Xu Hua Palace was built in another large city. Although this large city couldn't be compared with the Spirit Martial Holy Land's Saint City, it wasn't small either.
After entering the palace, Hall Master Shen treated Luo Zheng with the highest level of hospitality. Mu Mingxue next to him felt as if she was in a dream from beginning to end.
She was also a "Spirit Sea Realm expert" who had a lot of experience in the Lower Realm. However, when she came to the Upper Realm, she realized her own insignificance. The City Lord of a city was an extremely powerful existence in Mu Mingxue's heart. Hall Master Shen controlled a thousand cities. In Mu Mingxue's heart, he was a supreme existence.
As for the Holy Land's Saint Lords, Realm Lords, and even Heavenly Venerables … To Mu Mingxue, these legendary existences were like the villagers discussing the emperor. This kind of gap couldn't be bridged in terms of knowledge, so she didn't think about it. In other words, if a Heavenly Venerate appeared in front of Mu Mingxue, in her opinion, she would have the same reaction as Hall Master Shen!
Now, Hall Master Shen was personally treating her with great hospitality. The exquisite ingredients laid out in front of her were almost all Heavenly Treasures. For example, the "Red Silk Fruit", the "Blue Sea Wine", and the milky yellow "Emperor Physique Paste" exuding a delicate fragrance. In the Lower Realm, these were the most precious treasures. They must be refined into pills to display their greatest medicinal efficacy!
But in this place, they were just dishes on a plate.
This was a complete waste …
In order to not be so wasteful, Mu Mingxue didn't care about her table manners. She gorged herself. To put it bluntly, it could be called wolfing down the food.
However, none of the Divine Sea Realm maids in the main hall dared to laugh at Mu Mingxue. They didn't even look at her with disdain!
Luo Zheng and Mu Mingxue were both at the early stage of the Divine Sea Realm. Their cultivations weren't even comparable to those dancing and singing maids. But how could their Hall Master's guests be ordinary people? In this kind of situation, who would dare to show the slightest bit of disdain?
As for Luo Zheng, he didn't wolf down the food like Mu Mingxue. After entering the Thirteen Palaces, Luo Zheng understood that starting from the Divine Sea Realm, every step he took wasn't just dependent on his own talent. It also required a large amount of resources.
And those resources weren't the same as the food in front of him. The resources he needed might not be enough even if he emptied several tenth-rank Holy Lands.
"Young Hero Luo Zheng had already gone to the Thirteen Palaces. Why did you appear in our Holy Land of Spiritual Items?" At this moment, Hall Master Shen finally threw out his doubts. "If I remember correctly, the Misty Clouds Palace is 1,320 worlds away from our Spirit Channeling World …"
Luo Zheng knew that Hall Master Shen would ask such a question. He smiled faintly and said, "I can't stay in the Misty Cloud Heavenly Palace and cultivate all the time. Even the Heavenly Palace's warriors have to go out and train. I just happen to have an appointment with someone to go to the Sifting Yin World.
He didn't need to hide his movements, so he didn't hide anything.
As for Mu Mingxue, her eyelashes trembled slightly. What did it mean to have more than 1,000 worlds?
＝＝＝＝＝