Mu Mingxue had only heard of this great world. It was so big that it was hard for her to imagine.
If a Divine Sea Realm martial artist wanted to jump out of a great world, just the cost of traveling through the spatial passageway would probably consume all of their savings …
If one didn't use the spatial passageway, just traversing the Lingwu Holy Land would take a considerable amount of time!
But this Luo Zheng had traveled more than a thousand great worlds? And then … traveled back? This was a little …
She didn't know what the 13 Sky Palaces were, but Mu Mingxue seemed to gradually understand what kind of background Luo Zheng had. But why would a guy with such a background ascend with her and stay in the mine to mine?
She didn't know how to explain these contradictions.
Although Luo Zheng spoke frankly, Hall Master Shen wouldn't probe too deeply into Luo Zheng's real purpose.
As the two chatted, Hall Master Shen changed the topic and asked Mu Mingxue, "This girl is Mu Jinglun's niece and also an Ascender of our Lingwu Holy Land. What plans do you have for the future?"
Hall Master Shen's mind was also extremely sharp. In his opinion, this Mu Mingxue seemed to have a good relationship with Luo Zheng. But from this conversation, Hall Master Shen already understood that Luo Zheng was just passing by and saved this girl. He probably wouldn't bring this Mu Mingxue with him to the Gathering Yin World. Therefore, he took the initiative to mention this to help Luo Zheng arrange this girl's whereabouts.
Hearing this, Luo Zheng smiled slightly. This Hall Master Shen was a person who considered a lot, but Luo Zheng didn't say anything. His relationship with Mu Mingxue hadn't reached that stage. This rescue was purely on the account of their previous acquaintance.
This was Hall Master Shen's initiative to ask her this. Mu Mingxue suddenly became a little nervous. "Do, plan …"
What plan could she have?
She went to seek refuge with her own uncle, but in the end, not only did her uncle not help her at all, he even wanted to give her to someone else as a cultivation vessel. Now that her uncle was dead, she didn't have time to plan for her future. Hearing Hall Master Shen suddenly ask her, she didn't know how to answer.
Unexpectedly, Hall Master Shen smiled faintly and said, "How about I help you apply to enter the Lingwu Holy Land's Myriad Spirit Martial Hall to gain experience? When you return in the future, you can also take over the position of a City Lord. I can keep the position of City Lord of Hua Tian City for you. What do you think?"
"Myriad Spirit Martial Hall … City Lord of City Lord …"
Mu Mingxue was stunned. Since she wasn't mentally prepared, she was still in a daze when she heard Hall Master Shen's words.
Enter the Myriad Martial hall to cultivate? And then take over the position of City lord of the City lord of Hua city …
That kind of joy was indescribable. To Mu Mingxue, this was an unimaginably good thing, but did it happen to her so easily?
And all of this was because of the man not far from her!
At that time, Mu Mingxue persuaded Luo Zheng to leave the mine and seek refuge with her uncle. Now that she thought about it, it was so laughable …
Luo Zheng still had a smile on his face. Together with Hall Master Shen, he looked at Mu Mingxue. It was indeed not convenient for him to bring Mu Mingxue into the Yin Sifting World. The process of exploring the Yin Sifting World's secret treasures would not be easy.
Since Hall Master Shen took the initiative to propose such a generous condition, Mu Mingxue should agree.
Mu Mingxue's eyelashes trembled constantly, and there was a faint light of excitement in her eyes. However, that light suddenly flashed, as if she had made a big decision.
"Honorable Hall Master, can I choose to refuse?" Mu Mingxue suddenly opened her mouth and said.
When these words came out, Luo Zheng and Hall Master Shen were both stunned. They didn't expect Mu Mingxue to refuse.
Hall Master Shen continued to ask, "I don't know why you refuse?"
Mu Mingxue suddenly stood up and walked towards Luo Zheng. She seemed to have made up her mind and knelt down in front of Luo Zheng. "Young Master Luo has saved my life. I, Mu Mingxue, have no way to repay you. I can only stay by your side. I will not complain even if I become your servant!"
Her expression, however, was extremely serious …
At this time, Hall Master Shen's eyes suddenly flashed, and he secretly praised in his heart. This woman was smart!
She naturally saw the crux of the matter. She had given Mu Mingxue everything because of Luo Zheng. If she could follow Luo Zheng, all that she had received today would be trivial!
However, Hall Master Shen's guess of Mu Mingxue's thoughts was only half correct. Mu Mingxue wanted to stay by Luo Zheng's side to seek greater benefits, but she didn't know what she was seeking. However, after receiving Luo Zheng's kindness, her thoughts had fluctuated greatly and she had long since made this decision.
Mu Mingxue didn't have anything. Even the few treasures she had wouldn't be able to catch Luo Zheng's eye. Therefore, after hesitating over and over again, she bravely refused the things promised by Hall Master Shen and made this shocking move.
This made things difficult for Luo Zheng.
At this time, Hall Master Shen wasn't in a position to say anything. He only had a smile on his face. It was better to let Luo Zheng handle this matter himself.
Mu Mingxue's expression was very serious. She had already made up her mind. Naturally, she wasn't joking around.
After hesitating for a while, Luo Zheng helped Mu Mingxue up and said with a smile, "There's no need to mention anything about being a slave or a maid. If you are willing to follow me, you have to be prepared to risk your life."
Luo Zheng had been wandering the world for a long time. He didn't need a maid to take care of him. However, when he saw Mu Mingxue's serious expression, Luo Zheng couldn't bear to refuse her.
However, if there was any danger, he could just stuff Mu Mingxue into the immortal mansion. After all, Luo Zheng had the "Gen" token in his hand. He could use this token to return to the immortal mansion at any time.
Luo Zheng's words were very clear. It meant that he agreed. Mu Mingxue's face revealed a smile. She didn't know if her choice was correct. However, when she was in the lower realm, Mu Mingxue had told herself that ascending to the upper realm wasn't to pursue the path of comfort. Otherwise, staying in the lower realm would be the best choice.
After all, such a large world was enough to accommodate a Divine Sea Realm warrior like her. In that world, countless creatures bowed their heads. She would always be a high and mighty existence.
After ascending to the upper realm, she would be nothing. Everything would be like starting from scratch. If she only pursued stability and comfort, then what was the point of ascending?
Luo Zheng stayed at Hall Master Shen's place for more than half a month.
Naturally, Luo Zheng wouldn't let go of this time. He cultivated diligently.
Other than cultivating, he was still reflecting on the God Yi Sword he had slashed out.
He was still unable to comprehend the most exquisite part of the God Yi Sword. Perhaps if he was unable to sever his emotions, he would never be able to unleash that sword strike!
But Heavenly Sovereign Yi Jian was able to perfectly unleash it?
Luo Zheng comparing himself to an Empyrean powerhouse like this, it couldn't be said that he was overestimating himself.
This was because he had already roughly guessed the secret of the God Yi Sword.
In the legends of the upper realm, severing one's emotions meant becoming a god!
It was said that the few Empyreans who were able to jump out of the Heavenly Dao were able to successfully sever their emotions and pass through a layer of divinity for themselves. Only then did they have the qualifications to become a True God.
And this Dao of Severing Emotions was the problem that troubled all the Empyreans.
Just like those old monsters who were cursing each other in the universe, all of them had fiery tempers. How could they see the slightest sign of severing their emotions?
Those few Empyreans were powerful, but even if they spent countless years of their lives, it would still be difficult for them to successfully sever their emotions …
And this Heavenly Sovereign Yi Jian had not become a True God back then!
However, this sword strike was qualified to play against a True God. Legend had it that he had even injured a True God before, and there was only one explanation for this. The Heavenly Sovereign Yi Jian's God Yi Sword was unleashed under the state of severing his emotions. However, the Heavenly Sovereign Yi Jian was not able to completely sever his emotions. If he had completely severed his emotions, he would have already transformed into a True God and stepped into an even higher level.