For the next few days, Luo Zheng had been thinking hard.
He wasn't familiar with Sword-fighting Heavenly Sovereign. He only knew that he was the master of the Slaughter Sword Mountain!
Back then, when he was still a Xiantian lifeform, he had stepped into the Slaughter Sword Mountain once after comprehending the perfect sword intent. Now, he understood that the sword stabbed into the highest point of the Slaughter Sword Mountain should be the sword of the Sword-fighting Empyrean, which was the white sword image in front of the huge boulder.
Could it be that to use Sword-fighting Heavenly Sovereign's sword, he needed Sword-fighting Heavenly Sovereign's own sword?
As soon as this thought appeared, Luo Zheng rejected it. The Sword-fighting Heavenly Sovereign's sword contained a kind of understanding of divinity. The biggest problem came from his own state of mind.
If he completely comprehended it, he would be able to use a blade of grass in his hand to unleash terrifying power. Sword-fighting Heavenly Sovereign's two-foot sword was an extremely sharp treasure, but in the end, it was only the icing on the cake.
On this day, Luo Zheng was still thinking about these things. Mu Mingxue had already tidied up, and he planned to go on his way.
"Right now, we're here in the Spirit Martial Holy Land," Mu Mingxue said, and poured her true essence into a jade slip. In the blink of an eye, a huge map appeared around the two of them.
This jade slip contained a Two-Star Divine Imprint, and could be used to draw a map within it. This display of the map was both direct and convenient.
On this map, Mu Mingxue carefully marked out their current location, which was the location of the Xu Hua Palace.
"I've already understood the entire Spirit World in detail, as well as the location of the Asura Yin World. We'll go through this spatial passage, and it'll be the closest to the great world passage. Then, we'll go all the way north, and it'll be the cross-realm passage …" Mu Mingxue said seriously. "Strictly speaking, the Asura Yin World doesn't belong to the Alliance. In fact, although that great world is close to the Alliance, there are a variety of races gathered there. The strongest races, aside from the human race, are the Yao Night Clan and the demon race …"
Even Luo Zheng was a little stunned when he heard this string of words.
"Did you gather all this information in the past few days?" Luo Zheng asked.
Mu Mingxue nodded and said, "In Xu Hua Palace, it's not difficult to ask people about these things …"
Previously, she knew nothing about these matters. She didn't even know which great realms were adjacent to the Spirit Channeling World, or how many tenth rank holy lands were there.
However, after Luo Zheng agreed to follow her, he had made sufficient preparations. It might be difficult to obtain this information in an ordinary city, but it was not difficult to find it in the Xu Hua Palace.
Luo Zheng realized that agreeing to let Mu Mingxue follow him was not a bad thing.
This woman's personality was extremely serious. She had meticulously organized all these things. Indeed, it was better to be prepared.
After everything was prepared, Luo Zheng bid farewell to Palace Master Shen.
As the Heavenly Luan Horse neighed, it carried Luo Zheng and Mu Mingxue and soared into the sky. Not long after, the two of them turned into the transportation channel and went straight to the great realm passage.
The Heavenly Luan Horse's speed would become faster with the passage of time, so it was suitable for long-distance travel. The time it took to cross a great realm was not as fast as imagined …
Not long after, the two of them crossed a great realm. Then, they left the transportation channel and opened the map again to compare their location. The location that Ai Hu had marked seemed to be the center of the Gathering Yin World.
When Luo Zheng's finger pointed there, Mu Mingxue immediately said, "In the center of the Gathering Yin World is a big city called Zeji City. It is a city of trade, also known as the City of a Hundred Races. It is said that several races have stations to trade with each other. It is quite famous even in the Alliance. It accommodates creatures from over a hundred races, and more than …"
Mu Mingxue seemed to have memorized the information word by word. For warriors, a photographic memory was a basic ability. However, Mu Mingxue's thorough preparation still made Luo Zheng somewhat stunned.
"The three most famous auction houses are hosted by the three great races …" Seeing Luo Zheng staring at her in a daze, Mu Mingxue was halfway through her recitation when she could not continue. Instead, she stuck out her tongue in embarrassment and said, "Anyway, since Young Master Luo wants to go there, we'll just hurry over."
Luo Zheng nodded, but there was a trace of doubt in his heart.
He originally thought that the Gathering Yin World's secret treasures were, after all, outside the wilderness, a place where people rarely went. However, how lively was this city of trade? Why did Ai Hu want to meet here?
Perhaps, it was just an agreement to meet here?
No matter what, he had to go to Zeji City first.
Shuttling through the great realm's passageway, they soon arrived at their destination, which was also known as the City of a Hundred Races, Zeji City.
As soon as he left the transmission channel, he was greeted by several creatures the size of small mountains. They were the burly Demon Race cultivators!
Luo Zheng was no stranger to the Demon Race warriors. On the Sea God Continent, Luo Zheng had many confrontations with this race.
The Demon Race was an extremely aggressive race. Even in the Upper Realm, they had formed enmity with many races. Their relationship with the Human Race was not good. Both sides were at war.
However, the situation in the Upper Realm was more complicated. Not only did the Human Race have an alliance, but there were also two other major forces. The Demon Race was also divided into several major forces. The relationship between them was very complicated.
Although it was inevitable that there would be friction between the races, Luo Zheng did not feel any hostility in this Trade City.
After all, this was not the Sea God Continent. On that chaotic continent, all races were fighting for the right to survive and suppressing other opponents.
The Gathering Yin World was very complicated to begin with. As a great realm that connected several major races, the purpose of everyone staying here was to trade. In other words, to do business, they paid particular attention to harmony and wealth. It was not worthwhile to indiscriminately fight to the death when seeing a foreign race.
Of course, it might not work in another place. For example, right now, the Human Race and Demon Race seemed to be at war in some great realm, fighting to the death …
After entering Zeji City, Luo Zheng forcibly stuffed the Heavenly Luan Horse into the Spirit Beast Pouch.
This was no longer the territory of the Human Race. What's more, even if it was the Human Race, that Mu Jinglun vainly tried to kill him and take away the Heavenly Luan Horse. If he rode the Heavenly Luan Horse through Zeji City, it would be too ostentatious. This was not a good thing.
According to the direction marked by Ai Hu, Luo Zheng and Mu Mingxue passed through Zeji City.
Like the Holy City of the Spirit Martial Holy Land, thin lines were carved in the air with divine runes. All the creatures here flew in an orderly manner according to the thin lines.
After traveling like this for half an hour, Luo Zheng and Mu Mingxue landed.
At this moment, a magnificent building appeared in front of Luo Zheng. It was a large circular building supported by hundreds of huge stone pillars. A special circular rune was drawn in front of this building.
In front of the building's main entrance, there was a steady stream of cultivators coming in and out, but the majority were human cultivators.
"What … is this?" Luo Zheng asked almost subconsciously this time.
As soon as he asked, Mu Mingxue's face revealed a trace of panic. Although she had a thorough understanding of the Sifting Yin World, it was impossible for her to understand everything in the entire Sifting Yin World in such a short time. Moreover, this was only a building in one of the major cities. Just the Sifting Yin World alone had millions of cities of this scale.
Noticing Mu Mingxue's panic, Luo Zheng laughed involuntarily. This Mu Mingxue seemed to be too serious. Being serious was an advantage, but there was no need to be too serious. He was just casually asking.
"It's okay, I'll go ask around and find out," Luo Zheng said with a smile.
Mu Mingxue shook her head, "I'll go …"
However, at this moment, a cultivator in a white robe came out from the side and said to Luo Zheng, "Friend, if you want to go in, I can show you around!"
Luo Zheng's face revealed a curious look, and Mu Mingxue asked, "Where is this place?"
The cultivator's face revealed a proud look, "This is the Zhao Wu Secret Sect, you … don't know?"