The white-robed man nodded, "My Zhaowu Secret Sect is the largest secret sect in the human race. I wonder if Your Excellency is interested in joining us?"
Mu Mingxue stood beside Luo Zheng. Her eyes under her thick eyelashes were filled with curiosity.
She was also an Ascender, but her understanding of the Upper Realm was not as much as Luo Zheng's. Previously, she only took the initiative to understand Luo Zheng's destination, which was why she was able to answer him fluently. She had never studied secret sects, so naturally, she had no idea what they were.
Hearing the white-robed man's invitation, Luo Zheng did not directly answer.
The white-robed man did not force Luo Zheng. Instead, he sincerely invited Luo Zheng to enter and visit the secret sect.
After entering this magnificent building, Luo Zheng saw a dense crowd of people …
There were all kinds of people, and most of them were mortals without any cultivation base. From the elderly to the children who were less than ten years old, the huge square in this building could hold no less than a million people!
These people were spread out in circles. They were all prostrating themselves on the ground, muttering incantations as they kowtowed to the center of the square.
The closer the people were to the inner circle, the higher their cultivation base was. The outermost circle was made up of mortals, while the innermost circle had more than ten Divine Realm experts!
Luo Zheng's gaze finally fell on the center of the square. In the center, there was a circular transparent sphere. At the bottom of this transparent sphere was a third of a light green liquid.
When Luo Zheng looked at the sphere, he felt a faint soul pressure from it.
However, this soul pressure did not have any evil intentions. Of course, it did not have any good intentions either. It was purely emitting pressure.
"This … What is this?" Mu Mingxue took the initiative to ask this time.
The white-robed man suddenly spread out his hands. With a trace of fanaticism on his face, he said, "This is the object of our faith. It's our God, but it's still in its embryonic stage. As long as everyone is willing to dedicate their most sincere passion, our God will gradually grow and send down miracles to save all living beings …"
It was probably because he had repeated these words countless times. This time, when he said it, it was exceptionally smooth, a bit like how Mu Mingxue recited the map. However, this white-robed man's every gaze and action matched his words. He could unintentionally inspire people!
This effect might be more useful for mortals, or even warriors with a weak martial heart.
However, to Luo Zheng, it did not affect him at all. Even Mu Mingxue showed a disapproving look on her face …
At this moment, Xun's voice was transmitted faintly. "What a sanctimonious speech. It's just to collect the power of faith. The Original Sin Heavenly Lord spent a hundred thousand years relying on the power of faith of trillions of living beings to hatch a sword embryo. That sword is now ranked second on the Universal Myriad Spirit Stele. Their appetite is not full. Now, they're playing the same trick. It seems that they want to hatch a second sword embryo!"
Hearing Xun's words, Luo Zheng suddenly remembered that Feng Nianyun had mentioned this to him before!
"In other words, the transparent sphere in the center of the square is actually a sword embryo?" Luo Zheng asked in his heart.
Xun shook her head and said, "This is not a sword embryo. It's just a container to collect the power of faith. The light green liquid in it is the power of faith that they have collected for countless years."
After hearing Xun's words, Luo Zheng understood that the Zhao Wu Secret Sect probably had countless branches in the upper realm. The secret sect in front of him was just one of them.
The Zhao Wu Secret Sect recruited believers. If they could condense a sword embryo, they would be able to obtain a powerful super divine weapon. It was indeed a good idea …
Although Luo Zheng did not show any signs of interest, the white-robed man continued to talk about the power of the Zhao Wu Secret Sect and the various benefits of joining the Zhao Wu Secret Sect.
However, at this moment, Luo Zheng suddenly felt his Spirit Beast Pouch move slightly.
The space in the Spirit Beast Pouch was not small. Even if the Heavenly Luan Horse and the Ancestral Dragon stayed together, it would not be crowded at all. What was the little guy inside doing?
Luo Zheng released a wisp of his perception into the Spirit Beast Pouch to explore the space inside.
After investigating, he found that the Ancestral Dragon was actually bumping around in the Spirit Beast Pouch. It seemed to want to rush out of the Spirit Beast Pouch. Its actions were very barbaric. It directly used its small head to hit the edge of the space in the Spirit Beast Pouch.
As for the Heavenly Luan Horse, it seemed to be very afraid of the Ancestral Dragon. It kept a certain distance from the Ancestral Dragon and stared at the crazy Ancestral Dragon vigilantly.
"Be quiet. Now is not the time to come out." Luo Zheng tried to communicate with the Ancestral Dragon in the Spirit Beast Pouch.
Although the Ancestral Dragon was born not long ago, it was still quite obedient. After all, in the Ancestral Dragon's heart, Luo Zheng was its mother.
However, today, the Ancestral Dragon was not willing to give up. It kept bumping into the Spirit Beast Pouch …
At this moment, Qinglong said faintly, "The Ancestral Dragon has sensed its food."
"Food?" Luo Zheng was stunned. "What's this guy's food?"
As for what the Ancestral Dragon liked to eat, Luo Zheng had no idea. Back then, the Ancestral Dragon seemed to especially like to devour the dishes made by Xi Youqin. Other than that, it didn't seem to need to devour food.
Luo Zheng had asked Qinglong this question before. Was it possible that this little guy needed to devour the power of laws to grow?
However, Qinglong didn't answer Luo Zheng's question. He only told Luo Zheng that the Ancestral Dragon did have its own food. However, Luo Zheng couldn't get it in a short time. Therefore, Luo Zheng didn't care about it anymore. In any case, this little guy didn't seem to starve to death without eating.
Now, Qinglong said that the Ancestral Dragon had found its food?
According to Feng Nianyun, the Ancestral Dragon was also an object of faith. Luo Zheng followed this train of thought and asked, "Could it be that its food … is the power of faith?"
"Hehe, you're right. Only by devouring the power of faith can the Ancestral Dragon truly grow," Qinglong replied, nodding his head.
Luo Zheng finally understood why the Ancestral Dragon would have such a reaction when it entered the secret religion. It turned out that the power of faith was the necessary food for the Ancestral Dragon to grow.
"But, we can't let this little guy devour it now, right?" Luo Zheng's face was flushed with shame.
This was a temple of the Zhao Wu secret religion. It was impossible that there weren't any powerhouses here. Among the millions of fanatical believers in front of him, there were many powerhouses. The innermost circle was surrounded by several ultimate Divine Realm powerhouses. There should be even more powerful existences in this secret religion.
At this time, Qinglong said, "Actually, with the Ancestral Dragon's current strength, ordinary warriors can't hurt it. If you let it out, it should have its own way to devour the power of faith."
The Ancestral Dragon's current strength was indeed not very strong, but it had the talent of being immune to all Origin Laws. It was not easy to hurt it or catch it by other means.
But of course, Luo Zheng couldn't release the Ancestral Dragon to devour the power of faith under the watchful eyes of everyone. The power of faith in the sphere in front of him had been gathered for many years. It was impossible for the sphere to be taken away in a short period of time. If he really wanted to help the Ancestral Dragon take away the power of faith, he should think about it carefully. At least, he should observe for a while and find an opportunity to do so …
Thinking of this, Luo Zheng prepared to leave first.
But what he didn't expect was that just as he was about to leave with Mu Mingxue, the white-robed warrior who had been talking non-stop suddenly changed his expression. He instantly stood in front of Luo Zheng and said with a pleasant expression, "Friend, since you have visited our Zhao Wu secret religion, why don't you join our secret religion? If you join the Zhao Wu secret religion, you can get unimaginable benefits! "
Luo Zheng calmly replied, "I don't need any benefits."
"Friend, having a faith can purify your heart and will be greatly beneficial to you," the white-robed warrior continued to speak with a smile.
"I don't need any benefits, do you understand?" Luo Zheng calmly looked at the warrior.
Unexpectedly, the white-robed warrior said, "Everyone in Zeji City knows that there are only two choices for entering our Zhao Wu secret religion's temple. You can either lie down and leave or kneel in the plaza … Look, even the Yao Ye clansmen who originally believed in the Yao Ye clan's king had no choice but to join our Zhao Wu secret religion!"
After speaking, he pointed to the plaza, where there were a few Yao Ye clansmen.
＝＝＝＝＝