Luo Zheng had seen the faith of the Demon Night Clan. For the entire Demon Night Clan, the only faith they had was the three kings, namely "Xun", "Yao", and another king.
Whether it was the Upper Realm or the Lower Realm, this was the case in every Holy Land of the Demon Night Clan.
It was quite difficult to change a person's faith.
What's more, from the moment the Demon Night Clan was born, they would be baptized by the king's statue. Their faith was engraved in their bones. The fact that the Zhao Wu Secret Religion had recruited several members of the Demon Night Clan was most likely due to coercion.
Seeing Luo Zheng's pondering expression, the white-robed cultivator's smile faded bit by bit. "Do you want me to be more straightforward?"
"It seems that I can't refuse?" Luo Zheng suddenly said with a smile.
The white-robed cultivator revealed a gratified expression. "Your perception is not bad. You should be able to become a good believer. God will definitely protect …"
Before he could finish speaking, Luo Zheng directly said, "I refuse."
The white-robed cultivator's expression suddenly froze. He stared at Luo Zheng and said coldly, "Do you know what it means to refuse?"
"I don't know." Luo Zheng's face revealed a faint smile. "But I don't want to waste my time here to forge a sword embryo for some Empyrean …"
The matter of the Zhao Wu Secret Religion forging sword embryos was not a secret, but only to the top figures of the Upper Realm. However, in the name of "God", the Zhao Wu Secret Religion had still managed to recruit a large number of believers. After all, in the eyes of many people, Empyrean powerhouses were no different from Gods!
However, Luo Zheng's bluntness had violated a great taboo here. The white-robed cultivator's face was gloomy, and the corners of his mouth curled up into a sneer. He gently waved his hand, and several rays of light suddenly flew out from the upper level of the temple. These rays of light wrapped around several guards wearing golden armor.
"Capture this bastard who slandered our God. We will use the Scarlet Serpent Fire to burn him to death …" The white-robed cultivator commanded the guards to besiege Luo Zheng.
Luo Zheng, on the other hand, was somewhat depressed. He did not know what kind of morality this Secret Sect had. He had only come in to take a look, but now he could not leave …
With a flash of green light, a five-foot-long sword appeared in his hand. Then, a series of shadows burst out from the sword and rushed toward the golden-armored guards from different directions.
These golden-armored guards were only at the Life and Death realm, and their innate talent was not outstanding!
According to Youshen Shadow's strength, it would at least be able to delay an early Divine Sea realm martial artist for a short period of time. Facing a Life and Death realm martial artist, Youshen Shadow was more than enough to defeat them, or even kill them!
Luo Zheng didn't have a life and death grudge with them. Moreover, he had just entered Zeji City. It was impossible for him to indiscriminately kill the innocent. He just wanted to subdue these guys.
However, to Luo Zheng's surprise, the golden-armored warriors' bodies emitted a faint green light, blocking all of You Shenying's attacks. They were unharmed.
"What's going on?" Luo Zheng's eyes revealed a hint of surprise. However, he did not hesitate. This place was not suitable for them to stay for long. He grabbed Mu Mingxue and said, "Let's go!"
"You won't be able to escape," the white-robed cultivator sneered. Then, with a shout, a large number of golden-armoured guards surrounded Luo Zheng. This time, no less than a hundred Life and Death Realm cultivators had been dispatched.
Facing the several golden-armored guards rushing toward him, Luo Zheng sneered. He casually slashed out with the sword in his hand, and an arc of sword light spread out!
"Peng peng peng …"
Luo Zheng's sword directly swept away a large number of golden-armored guards. However, the golden-armored guards emitted a green light, blocking Luo Zheng's sword light. They were unharmed!
That green light was actually so powerful?
After being swept away by Luo Zheng, the group of golden-armored guards crawled up from the ground and rushed toward Luo Zheng once again. Mu Mingxue's body flickered with a cold light as she faced the pincer attack of several golden-armored guards.
"Boom boom boom …"
A large number of golden-armored guards were blasted away by Luo Zheng. However, these golden-armored guards were like cockroaches that could not be killed. They once again swarmed toward Luo Zheng, blocking Luo Zheng's path.
At this moment, four agile golden-armored guards approached Luo Zheng. Two of them locked Luo Zheng's arms, while the other one grabbed his legs!
Under this kind of entanglement, Luo Zheng's face revealed an impatient expression. A hint of killing intent faintly emerged in his eyes.
"Scram!"
The power of the dragon scales surged. His body suddenly shook, and the four golden-armored guards were directly sent flying by Luo Zheng.
The powerful force directly passed through the light green light, shattering the internal organs of the golden-armored guards. Large mouthfuls of blood also gushed out.
Luo Zheng originally intended to intimidate the other golden-armored guards. However, he never expected that the other golden-armored guards would act as if they didn't hear him. Their faces flickered with fanaticism as they continued to swarm toward Luo Zheng like a golden sea of people, wanting to drown him.
These guys seemed to have lost their minds and were completely fearless of death.
He couldn't stay here any longer …
Thinking of this, Luo Zheng no longer held back. The power in his body skyrocketed again, and he flew forward like a raging bull. Waves of air swarmed out, and all the golden-armored guards who dared to approach Luo Zheng were all shaken away. As for Mu Mingxue, her figure flickered, and she followed closely behind Luo Zheng, running all the way out of the Lookout.
Just as Luo Zheng stepped out of the Lookout, his face once again revealed a surprised expression. All the golden-armored guards stopped and didn't intend to continue to entangle him. They just stood in place and stared blankly at Luo Zheng. This scene really made Luo Zheng feel very strange. These golden-armored guards seemed to be able to move only within the Lookout, and couldn't go beyond the Lookout.
The white-robed warrior strode forward and walked to the front of the Lookout. The smile on his face once again hung on his face, "You won't regret joining my Zhao Wu Secret Sect. It's not too late to turn back now."
Luo Zheng shrugged his shoulders, but smiled slightly, "I only know that I definitely won't regret it, and you will definitely regret it."
"What do you mean?" The white-robed warrior asked strangely.
Luo Zheng shrugged his shoulders and left with Mu Mingxue. These secret sects didn't seem to dare to go too far in Zeji City. After he rushed out of the Lookout with Mu Mingxue, those people didn't chase after them.
However, Luo Zheng wouldn't let this matter end so easily.
In the evening, Luo Zheng brought Mu Mingxue back to the side of the Lookout …
"Why did you come back here?" Mu Mingxue asked curiously. Those golden-armored guards had left a deep impression on Mu Mingxue. To be able to turn a cultivator into a puppet, they either had a slave imprint implanted in them or used some other means. Mu Mingxue did not wish to be taken into this secret sect and become a puppet with no thoughts of its own.
Luo Zheng smiled faintly, but said, "There's a little guy that's hungry."
Mu Mingxue's face revealed a puzzled expression, and then she saw Luo Zheng pull out the little Ancestral Dragon from the Spirit Beast bag.
This little guy "Ga Gu" "Ga Gu" made two sounds, and its head tilted towards the side of the Lookout. Apparently, it smelled the smell of food, and constantly struggled in Luo Zheng's hands.
"This … what is this?" Mu Mingxue asked curiously.
The Ancestral Dragon's current appearance made it difficult for people to associate it with the True Dragon Ancestor. Mu Mingxue naturally didn't know the origin of this little guy.
Luo Zheng didn't answer Mu Mingxue's question, and just said to the Ancestral Dragon, "Go, but you have to be careful."
After saying that, Luo Zheng released his hand, and the Ancestral Dragon suddenly flashed, and directly sank into the ground, disappearing in front of the two people.
Since Luo Zheng didn't answer, Mu Mingxue also didn't ask in detail, but she knew that since Luo Zheng did this, he must have his own deep meaning …
In the huge square of the Lookout, every believer was chanting, crawling in the square, and contributing their own faith power.
They didn't know that the little Ancestral Dragon was moving rapidly underground, approaching the center of the square!