Millions of people prostrated themselves here, endlessly offering their power of faith. Even after spending a year, they could only condense a trace of power of faith.
Only one-third of the power of faith was collected in this sphere. Even so, this amount of power of faith was condensed by millions of people working day and night, devoutly worshipping it.
The Ancestral Gragon's body was now hidden in the stone pillar, slowly moving upwards.
After a while, it arrived at the top of the stone pillar. Above it was the container for collecting the power of faith, which was that sphere.
This container could bind the power of faith. It was also a special divine tool, but the Ancestral Gragon gently opened its mouth and bit down.
"Crack …"
A clear sound rang out from the center of the square.
The Ancestral Gragon directly bit the container from below, and the green power of faith was directly poured into its mouth.
The creatures in the square raised their heads one after another, and each and every one of them was stunned.
They were kneeling here devoutly, completely ignoring the outside world. Just like when Luo Zheng fought with the golden-armored guards during the day, no one was curious enough to take a second look. In their minds, the slightest distraction was blasphemy to God!
But now, their divine embryo … seemed to have been broken?
All the believers were dumbfounded …
In their minds, God represented everything, but how could the divine embryo be broken?
"Gulp, gulp …"
Immediately after, everyone heard the sound of water being swallowed, and the power of faith in the container was constantly decreasing at a visible speed.
"What is that?!"
"Someone is stealing our faith!"
"What the hell is that?!"
The warriors in the square were suddenly in a mess.
For these believers, the outside world was not important, but their faith was the most important thing. The green liquid in the sphere was the proof of their faith. It was the accumulation of millions of people for countless years, but it was completely devoured in an instant, and the square was suddenly in chaos!
"Whoosh whoosh whoosh …"
Not only the believers, but the other experts in the temple were also alarmed. Several white-robed warriors flew out from the depths of the temple, and when they looked at the container, their faces were flustered and exasperated!
The power of faith that they had painstakingly accumulated for so many years had actually disappeared in an instant?
In fact, the guards in the entire Clear Martial Sacred Hall weren't particularly strict. Although the power of faith was very precious, no martial artist had nothing better to do. They wouldn't have any ideas about this power of faith because this power of faith was useless to martial artists!
Soon, they discovered that the believers were chasing after a strangely shaped creature.
The power of laws rumbled within, but even if a Divine Realm expert attacked, he was unable to cause any harm to the Ancestral Dragon. As the tiny Ancestral Dragon circled around, it faintly revealed a satisfied expression on its face. It was very obvious that it was extremely satisfied to be able to steal the power of faith and devour it …
........... s Mu Mingxue..................
Luo Zheng smiled faintly and shrugged, "Maybe some people have gone crazy. I don't know if the god they believe in will comfort them."
The commotion continued for a long time before it slowly stopped. A small crack suddenly appeared under Luo Zheng's feet, and the Ancestral Gragon's small body came out and jumped into Luo Zheng's arms. "Gugu, gugu …"
After devouring the power of faith, the Ancestral Gragon was in a very good mood.
The news of the Clear Martial Secret Sect's power of faith being stolen quickly spread.
The Clear Martial Secret Sect was not the only one in Zeji City. The human race originally had different secret sects that gathered believers and accumulated power of faith.
The power of faith was useless to ordinary warriors, but after accumulating a certain amount, it could be used to forge a peerless divine weapon. Therefore, other than the Demon Night Clan, the human race and other races used different methods to collect the power of faith. When the other secret sects heard that the Clear Martial Secret Sect's power of faith had been stolen, they gloated at their misfortune. However, in the following period of time, all the power of faith in Zeji City was robbed by the Ancestral Gragon.
In order to deal with the Ancestral Gragon, two secret sects hid the power of faith in extremely secret places and sent dozens of Divine Realm experts to guard it. However, they still could not avoid the Ancestral Gragon's keen sense of smell. In the end, they were unable to protect the power of faith.
During this period of time, Luo Zheng spent some top-grade True Origin Stones to purchase a mansion and settled down in Zeji City.
After the Ancestral Gragon devoured enough power of faith, he seemed to have fallen into a deep sleep again. No matter how much he was called, he would not wake up. He was as soft as a hibernating snake.
Qing Long told Luo Zheng that after the Ancestral Gragon had accumulated enough power of faith, he would complete his first transformation. After this transformation, he would look more like a dragon and not like a seahorse.
Several days later, Mu Mingxue returned from her trip.
She had been helping Luo Zheng gather information for the past few days. However, it was not about the human race or the demon race, but about the Demon Night Clan.
There were not many members of the Demon Night Clan in Zeji City. After all, they were not good at dealing with other races. However, if a race wanted to survive in a great world, it was unavoidable for them to trade with other races.
"In the Sifting Yin World, there is a tenth-grade Holy Land of the Demon Night Clan called the Purple Rainbow Holy Land."
"However, the Purple Rainbow Holy Land has less than 100,000 members of the Demon Night Clan in Zeji City."
"Most of them are gathered in the north of Zeji City …"
Luo Zheng had naturally gathered this information for Xun. After all, he had promised Xun that he would help her return to her throne.
Xun's plan was to gather a large amount of resources to help Luo Zheng, and to gather her former subordinates.
Luo Zheng had a Howling Command. If it was in the past, Xun would have been able to summon hundreds of members of the Demon Night Clan with her Howling Command. Even now, there were not many of her former subordinates who were willing to follow her, but there were definitely not a small number of them. However, it would be difficult to summon them openly through the Howling Command, so they could only gather them in secret.
After analyzing the information Mu Mingxue had gathered, Luo Zheng told Mu Mingxue to stay in his residence while he headed to the north of Zeji City by himself.
As Luo Zheng headed north, he saw more and more members of the Demon Night Clan in his surroundings. The style of the buildings here was completely different from the other parts of Zeji City.
The places where demons lived were relatively rough. They liked to build their buildings with blood-red Iron Flame Rock. Inside the black houses, there was a faint red flame surging, giving people a feeling of vigor. On the other hand, the buildings of the Human Race were very neat, horizontal and vertical. They were planned in a very orderly manner.
However, the northern part of Zeji City, where the Demon Night Clan lived, was covered in huge forests. The paths through which people could pass through were narrow, and even the paths were covered with roots. If one was not careful, they could trip over them.
If other clans entered this place, it might be a little troublesome. However, it was not a problem for the Demon Night Clan, who had lived on the Sacred Tree since birth.
However, other clans would not rashly enter the Demon Night Clan's territory. As a result, Luo Zheng's arrival attracted many surprised gazes from the Demon Night Clan.
Fortunately, Luo Zheng had Smog as his guide. Under Smog's guidance, he quickly found the central area of the Demon Night Clan's territory. There was a 300-meter-tall tree there.
This was not the Demon Night Clan's sacred land, so it was naturally impossible for such a huge Sacred Tree to grow here. However, the appearance of such a huge tree in Zeji City was very unexpected.
Just as Luo Zheng approached, two members of the Demon Night Clan blocked his path. One of them, a woman from the Demon Night Clan, held a spear and pressed it against Luo Zheng's chest. "Stop, human!"
"Who are you looking for?" asked another woman from the Yao Night Clan.