The long spear in front of Luo Zheng exuded a sharp cold light, but his face was full of indifference.
Faced with the woman's question, he reached out and gently pinched the tip of the spear. Then, he smiled and said, "I'm not looking for anyone."
The woman from the Demon Night Clan didn't attack. Normally, they would only chase away the outsiders who accidentally entered this place. After all, they had been sent here by their holy land to trade with other races. If they killed people randomly, it wouldn't be good for their holy land.
"If you're not looking for anyone, then leave!" The woman from the Demon Night Clan warned him. She stared at Luo Zheng, but she had a strange feeling. This man didn't seem to be nervous at all.
They originally thought that after receiving a warning, this guy would obediently leave. However, they never expected that after Luo Gaozheng's finger moved the tip of the spear a little further, he continued to smile and said, "Do I have to leave just because I'm not looking for anyone?"
"Then you're courting death!"
This was the core of the Demon Night Clan's territory. These women were originally the guards here. How could they allow Luo Zheng to cause trouble here?
As soon as he finished speaking, the long spear in the woman's hand shot out along Luo Zheng's finger!
This woman was at the Divine Sea Realm. Coupled with the fact that she was holding the spear with both hands, how powerful was her spear?
However, she only managed to push it forward three inches!
After three inches, she couldn't push it any further!
Luo Zheng's fingers were gripping the tip of the spear tightly. It was as if he was holding onto an iron hoop!
The woman from the Fiend Night Clan had a look of disbelief on her face. She hadn't expected that this human cultivator would be able to block her spear with just two fingers!
Unwilling to accept this, she reached out and tried to grab the spear, but it didn't move at all …
This could only mean one thing. The difference in strength between them wasn't small at all!
"Huff, huff …"
The two women from the Demon Night Clan weren't here to watch the show. When they saw that their companion was at a disadvantage, the two of them leaped over Luo Zheng's head. Luo Zheng abruptly let go of the spear, took a step forward, and charged towards the tree!
"Stop him!"
One of the women from the Demon Night Clan shouted.
In the face of the fierce attacks from behind, Luo Zheng casually waved his hand and slapped away the two weapons that were close to him.
Even though Luo Zheng's expression was calm, his gaze was solemn. This was because Xun had reminded him more than once that this was the first and most crucial step in helping her take her revenge!
"Boom!"
A loud sound rang out as Luo Zheng's body smashed through a door. Wood shards of the tree's body covered the ground. At the same time, all of the cultivators from the Demon Night Clan were alerted.
"Someone has trespassed into the Ginkgo tower!"
"Stop him!"
"Let's just kill him!"
This tree was called the Ginkgo Tower by the people of the Yao Night Clan. It was a branch of the Purple Bamboo Holy Land in Zeji City.
Luo Zheng rushing in this time was equivalent to poking a hornet's nest!
However, many people from the Demon Night Clan were puzzled. Why did this human brat charge into the Luo Zheng Tower? What was he trying to do?
Even though they couldn't figure out what was going on, all of the cultivators from the Divine Ocean Realm and the Extreme Divine Realm surrounded Luo Zheng.
Three emerald green vines shot towards Luo Zheng. He took a step forward in the air, and his entire body shifted between the front and the back of the space, easily dodging the three arrows!
As soon as he left the back of the space, he was greeted by a saber that was taller than a person. It slashed towards Luo Zheng.
Luo Zheng naturally knew that once he was entangled in a fight, even if there were ten Luo Zhengs, he wouldn't be able to rush up. He flipped his body and dodged the broadsword in front of him. His speed was extremely fast again. In the blink of an eye, he had flipped over and leaped onto the second floor!
Almost all the cultivators from the Demon Night Clan specialized in speed, and their bodies were extremely agile.
However, compared to Luo Zheng, they paled in comparison. He kept moving left and right, and as he rolled up and down, he actually managed to avoid the attacks of six or seven Extreme Divine Realm female cultivators!
The third floor …
The fourth floor …
In a single breath, Luo Zheng charged to the top of the Luo Zheng Tower!
At that moment, a soft sigh sounded out.
"Stop …"
A pink figure suddenly appeared behind Luo Zheng. Her legs were together in the air, and her eyes were filled with indifference. This woman's strength was clearly much stronger than the Extreme Divine Realm cultivators!
Luo Zheng didn't stop when he sensed the faint pressure released by the woman. Instead, he continued to charge forward. There were three King Statues there!
When she saw that Luo Zheng didn't listen to her, the woman sneered. She put two of her fingers together and pointed at Luo Zheng. A flying shuttle shot out from her wrist.
The flying shuttle was tied to a dark green chain. It shot out less than a foot before it disappeared. Then, it passed through space, and in the blink of an eye, the flying shuttle was already tied to Luo Zheng's legs!
When Luo Zheng was tied up, he felt an invisible force firmly binding him to the ground.
Even so, Luo Zheng's Lightning Wind Divine Sword instantly stabbed out. Six or seven divine shadows shot out from it, and they all charged towards the King Statues!
"You're courting death!"
A trace of anger appeared on the pink-clothed woman's face. She didn't intend to take Luo Zheng's life. She just wanted to punish him for trespassing into the Luo Zheng Tower.
However, there was a trace of doubt in her heart. What was Luo Zheng's motive for charging into the Luo Zheng Tower? The Luo Zheng Tower was only the core of the Demon Night Clan's settlement. It didn't have any precious treasures or secrets. He couldn't have barged in because he was crazy, right?
But now, she understood. This human brat was trying to destroy their King Statues!
Wherever the Demon Night Clan lived, there would be King Statues. Even if the Demon Night Clan wasn't a Holy Land, they would still build their own King Statues.
As a tenth-rank Holy Land, the Demon Night Clan had been placed in Zeji City. They were equivalent to a sixth-rank sect. From the first day they had entered Zeji City, they had built these three king statues.
Those were their totems of faith. Although they weren't anything precious, how could they allow a human brat to destroy them?
Swoosh swoosh swoosh …
The pink-clothed lady gently raised her wrist, and another flying shuttle suddenly traversed the space and rushed toward those Serene Divine Shadows!
Puff puff puff …
One divine shadow after another was easily destroyed by the flying shuttle. However, Luo Zheng's movements were simply too fast. Moreover, he had released seven divine shadows at the same time. As the flying shuttle continued to charge forward, it still let two divine shadows pass through.
Clang, clang …
The two King Statues were instantly smashed to pieces!
The statues that had been smashed were the statues of the kings that ruled over life and punishment!
The pink-robed woman's face was extremely gloomy, and her originally calm eyes were now filled with killing intent. Every single member of the Yao Night Clan would protect their three kings, and smashing their statues to pieces was the greatest blasphemy against their kings!
"Kill him! Lord Lan! "
"He actually dares to destroy the King Statues …"
"He deserves death!"
The Demon Night Clan cultivators who had chased up from below also arrived. When they saw this scene, their eyes were filled with rage.
The pink-clothed woman no longer hesitated. The two flying shuttles once again cut through space and shot towards Luo Zheng. Two azure balls of lightning appeared on the surface of the shuttles!
The balls of lightning were only the size of a fist, but the power contained within them made Luo Zheng's heart tremble!
"I'm afraid that the Laws of Lightning have already reached the fifth level … Xun, if you don't come out now, I'll be in trouble!" Luo Zheng said calmly.
As soon as his voice fell, a blood-red figure shot out from Luo Zheng's body. As soon as the figure formed, the Ancient Blood Spear in Luo Zheng's spatial ring shot out and was caught by the figure!
Ding ding …
As two crisp sounds were transmitted over, the two shuttles, which were accompanied by the frightening lightning balls, were easily pushed aside by this human figure.
The expression of the woman from the Demon Night Clan, who was called Lady Lan, sank slightly when she saw the power of the spear. However, when she saw the person's face, her expression changed drastically!
＝＝＝＝＝