Every single member of the Yao Night Clan was extremely familiar with Xun's appearance and aura. In some ways, they were even more familiar with her than their own parents.
From the moment they were born, they had been baptized by the King statue. The King of Life could strengthen their life force, the King of Punishment could make them abide by the laws of the Yao Night Clan, and the King of Slaughter could increase their courage and allow them to understand the meaning of the Dao of Slaughter.
Although Xun was only a Sword Spirit, her soul power had recovered by 60%. She held the Cold Plum Ancient Blood Spear in her hand, and she radiated a supreme majesty.
When the Yao Night Clan cultivators in the Ginkgo Pavilion saw Xun, their hearts trembled. They realized that their King had actually descended …
The Asura Yin World was a remote world, and there were many races gathered here. The entire world was a world that mainly relied on trade. Even though the human race, the Yao Night clan, and the Devil race all had a rank ten holy land here, they were still considered to be rather marginal to the other races.
Thus, when the Yao Night Clan members saw their King appear, they were all stunned!
The arrival of any King was a supreme honor to them. In the hearts of the Yao Night Clan members, their King was even more important than an Empyrean.
* Plop, plop … *
All of the Yao Night Clan members instantly knelt down and prostrated themselves before Xun.
Xun floated in the air and looked down at her clansmen. Her gaze finally landed on the pink-clothed woman. "What is your name?"
"My King. You can call me Ling Lan," the pink-clothed woman replied sincerely.
Actually, several months ago, all of the Yao Night Clan members knew that their King of Slaughter had returned to the Upper Realms and had a great conflict with the King of Punishment.
At that time, Xun had used Luo Zheng's Roar Medallion to curse the King of Punishment. Let alone the Yao Night Clan, even the entire universe knew about this!
The other races didn't care about this matter. After all, this was only an internal conflict within the Yao Night Clan. Some of the races that had enmity with the Yao Night Clan were even waiting to watch a good show. After all, Xun's return would definitely cause internal strife within the Yao Night Clan.
Xun nodded calmly and said, "Ling Lan, I want you to swear a King's Oath in front of the statue."
Ling Lan and her subordinates raised their heads when they heard Xun's words. Their faces were filled with fear and unease, as if this was an extremely difficult matter.
In truth, their thoughts were the same as the Heavenly Feather Holy Land of the past. While Xun was their Queen, the Yao Night Clan had more than one Queen.
Throughout the years, the three kings had always advanced and retreated together. Every single one of them had their own positions, and they maintained the enormous Nightfiend Clan. However, once they made a King's Oath, then it was equivalent to leaving the protection of the other two kings and becoming loyal to one of them!
At that time, Liu Yu didn't make a choice. At that time, Xun also didn't force the Sky Feather Holy Ground. After all, a Holy Ground in the lower realm wouldn't be of much help to her. It wouldn't change the overall situation. But now, things were different. Xun and Yao had declared war on each other. From now on, she would gather her forces step by step and eventually return to her throne!
Therefore, before coming here, Xun only asked Luo Zheng to do one thing.
No matter what kind of experts he faced, he only had one goal when he charged into the Ginkgo Pavilion, and that was to destroy the other two statues!
Any clan with a Nightfiend Clan member would have a King's statue. The Nightfiend Clan's Kings were able to see the entire situation through the statues and communicate with any Holy Ground. Although the possibility of Yao's gaze falling on this place was very low, Xun still asked Luo Zheng to destroy the statues as a precaution.
Xun smiled coldly when she saw the uneasy expressions on Ling Lan and the others' faces. "Is it so difficult to make you all swear a King's Oath? Or do you think that the King of Slaughter is no longer worthy of your trust? "
As soon as she said this, all the Nightfiend Clan cultivators, including Ling Lan, became even more uneasy!
Actually, the three Kings of the Nightfiend Clan gave their clansmen different feelings. When they faced the King of Life, they felt boundless vitality. When they faced the King of Punishment, they felt incomparable reverence. However, in all fairness, the majority of the Nightfiend Clan members still liked the King of Slaughter the most.
When they faced the King of Slaughter, they felt boundless killing intent. It was able to awaken the courage in the depths of their souls, making them even more courageous and skilled in battle!
But now, the King of Slaughter's forces had basically collapsed. The old followers of the King of Slaughter had either died or gone into hiding. In such a situation, it was definitely not a wise choice for them to stand on Xun's side!
Once this matter was exposed, Xun might be instantly killed by Yao, and they would definitely be implicated.
Yao was the King of Punishment, and she was also the cruelest King to her own clansmen. If she was implicated, the entire Sifting Yin World's Nightfiend Clan would probably be buried with her!
Luo Zheng sat on a railing in the Ginkgo Pavilion. Although his face was expressionless, he was still slightly nervous.
He had promised to help Xun return to her throne, and this step would have to be completed sooner or later. Now was the beginning of the road to becoming a King. However, it seemed difficult for these Nightfiend Clan members to choose.
Once they refused, things would become very troublesome …
Xun's whereabouts would be exposed, and so would Luo Zheng's whereabouts. With Luo Zheng's current strength, he definitely wouldn't be able to resist the King of Punishment.
To Luo Zheng and Xun, this was a risk, but it was a risk that they had to take!
Xun's expression was extremely solemn, and her faint soul pressure contained supreme dignity. When it descended, even Ling Lan's face turned ghastly pale.
To them, this choice was extremely difficult as well. However, every single one of them knew that this choice couldn't be avoided in the end. The conflict between the two kings had already reached a point where they were like fire and water, and only one of them would remain in the end.
Xun didn't say anything else. If she couldn't obtain the support of her clansmen even after coming here, then it would be wishful thinking for her to return to her throne.
Time trickled by. After the time it took for an incense stick to burn ….
A resolute look appeared in Ling Lan's eyes. She raised her head and swore, "Glory is our King, and glory is our life! With eternal slaughter, we will protect our clan's territory …. "
After Ling Lan took the lead and swore, the other Nightfiend Clan members all followed her lead and swore their oaths as well!
At the same time, the King of Slaughter's statue, which was the only one left, glowed with a faint red light. Xun's eyes shone brightly as she listened to her clansmen's oaths.
The Ginkgo Pavilion's oath was the starting point of Xun's return.
After everyone swore their oaths, Xun said calmly, "You may all rise."
Ling Lan nodded and led the other Nightfiend Clan members to their feet. Since she swore her oath as a King, it meant that she would only be loyal to Xun!
However, this was still a supreme honor to them. They worshipped the King's statue every day, but most of them would never be able to see their King in their entire lives. Now that Xun had personally appeared before them, how could they refuse?
This was a painful choice for them. They had to temporarily abandon the other two Kings, but it was also a huge opportunity.
Once they returned to assist Xun, they would definitely be put in an important position!
"My Queen, what are your orders?" After Ling Lan stood up, she asked seriously. Since Xun had appeared here, there must be something extremely important for her to do. Otherwise, she wouldn't have taken the initiative to enter the Ginkgo Pavilion.
"I want you to head to the Eternal Night World and find someone. Pass this jade slip to her."
At this point, Luo Zheng took out a green jade slip. It was a jade slip that he had made beforehand, and it contained some extremely important information.
"The Eternal Night World …." Ling Lan's expression froze. She knew that the Eternal Night World used to belong to the King of Slaughter. However, ever since the King of Slaughter disappeared, the entire Eternal Night World had been purged by the King of Punishment.