Before heading to the Ginkgo Pavilion, Xun had made ample considerations.
Her authority was enough to make the tenth-rank Sacred Land of the Sifting Yin World submit to her alone.
However, subduing a tenth-rank Sacred Land was almost meaningless to Xun. It wouldn't be able to resist Yao Yao at all. Instead, it would inadvertently alert the enemy.
All her current activities needed to be carried out in secret. The fewer people who knew, the better.
The Ginkgo Pavilion was a faction that the Purple Bamboo Sacred Land had placed in Zeji City. Its main purpose was to trade with the other factions in Zeji City, so it had plenty of treasures and resources.
After taking a look, Xun just shook her head. These resources weren't enough for her.
After all, the Sifting Yin World was only a border world. It couldn't compare to the Misty Cloud Palace. These resources were very precious to ordinary cultivators, but to the current Luo Zheng, they were of no use.
In contrast, she was more interested in the Sifting Yin World's treasures.
However, although Xun didn't care about the treasures and resources here, she still took away a lot of Zhen Yuanyu.
Every year, the Ginkgo Pavilion would hand over Zhen Yuanyu to the Purple Bamboo Sacred Land after trading with other races. Thus, there were quite a lot of Zhen Yuanyu in the Ginkgo Pavilion.
In order not to arouse the Purple Bamboo Sacred Land's suspicion and to allow Ling Lan to report back to the Sacred Land, she only took away about one-fifth of the Zhen Yuanyu, which was about thirty thousand pieces of Zhen Yuanyu. These Zhen Yuanyu were naturally given to Luo Zheng as backup.
Because of the changes in the world inside Luo Zheng's body, he no longer needed Zhen Yuanyu. However, when it came to things like money, the more the better. It could be of great use in many cases. Back then, Luo Zheng risked his life for a hundred pieces of Zhen Yuanyu. Thirty thousand pieces of Zhen Yuanyu was a great fortune for any Divine Sea Realm cultivator.
After being delayed in the Ginkgo Pavilion for two days, Ling Lan resigned from her position in the Purple Bamboo Sacred Land. She found an excuse and set off for the Eternal Night World with the jade slip that Xun gave her.
Luo Zheng quietly returned to his residence in Zeji City, waiting for Ai Hu's arrival …
In the blink of an eye, there was only a little more than a month left in the half year agreement between him and Ai Hu. On the contrary, Luo Zheng was somewhat worried that Ai Hu would not be able to reach Zeji City within the stipulated time.
One and a half months later …
Luo Zheng was still immersed in cultivation.
After breaking through to the Spirit Sea Realm, Luo Zheng's cultivation had improved, and so had his strength. He was comprehending the power of laws and the Starry Battle Body in an orderly manner.
Occasionally, Luo Zheng would be able to communicate with several stars. He wondered if it was because he had absorbed the Luck Extinguishing Yellow Snake that his luck seemed to have improved.
On Changsu Island, when Luo Zheng had just absorbed the Luck Extinguishing Yellow Snake, his luck seemed to have skyrocketed to the limit. At that moment, he had completely turned into the darling of the entire world. It could be said that he had achieved everything he wished for. However, that situation did not last for long. It had only lasted for a few hours.
Following this, Luo Zheng's Luck seemed to have returned to normal, or perhaps it had increased slightly. However, Luck was something that was difficult to grasp. It was impossible to measure it with a ruler, so Luo Zheng was not sure.
The only thing he could be sure of was that it was relatively easier for Luo Zheng to attract the stars. From this, Luo Zheng could judge that his luck had changed a little!
However, Luo Zheng was also troubled. The Chaotic Qi in his body still showed no signs of liquefying.
Logically speaking, when a warrior broke through to the Spirit Sea Realm, their True Essence would have already begun to liquefy. However, the Chaotic Qi was still like billowing smoke, rolling around in his dantian …
This situation was not explained in the Primal Chaos Secret Technique at all. His master had only speculated that the Primal Chaos Qi was the same as the True Essence. It could also turn into a Primal Chaos Sea. But obviously, his master's speculation was wrong, at least in this step.
"Liquefaction of True Essence is the phenomenon of True Essence being compressed to the extreme …"
"But the Chaotic Qi itself is very difficult to produce. This thing cannot be replenished by absorbing True Essence from the outside world. Moreover, the Chaotic Qi is produced at a relatively slow speed. How can it be compressed?"
In the past few days, in order to solve this problem, Luo Zheng had been frowning. Occasionally, he would go out for a walk to relax, hoping to obtain a trace of enlightenment …
Thinking about this, Luo Zheng often communicated with Qinglong.
Qinglong was an experienced and knowledgeable member of the True Dragon Tribe. However, in the face of Luo Zheng's problem, he was completely puzzled. Qinglong was familiar with the True Essence system, while the Red Dragon was familiar with the Body Refining system. These two dragons were good at different things. However, the cultivation method of the Chaotic system was simply unheard of for them.
However, Qinglong gave a suggestion, a suggestion that greatly interested Luo Zheng!
When Luo Zheng was in the Eastern Region, he had obtained a cultivation method of the Devil Tribe called the Heavenly Demon God Fist. When he had just embarked on the Martial Arts Path, this cultivation method had played an extremely important role.
In Qinglong's opinion, the fist intent and moves contained in the Heavenly Demon God Fist were not worth mentioning. However, the Heavenly Demon Genuine Qi cultivated from the Heavenly Demon God Fist was very interesting. The Heavenly Demon Genuine Qi could almost completely engulf other Genuine Qi or True Essence and turn it into its own.
Although Luo Zheng had abandoned the Heavenly Demon God Fist to practice other cultivation methods, now that Qinglong mentioned it again, it gave Luo Zheng an idea.
Although Azure Dragon did not know the reason why Luo Zheng was unable to liquefy the Primal Chaos Aura, he deduced that there was a high possibility that the amount of Primal Chaos Aura was insufficient. That was why Azure Dragon came up with such a bold idea. He wanted Luo Zheng to use the mental cultivation method recorded in the "Demonic God Fist" to give the Primal Chaos Aura the ability to devour …
After hearing this idea, Luo Zheng's eyes flickered slightly. This idea was really good.
No one had ever succeeded in the path he was on. Everything depended on himself. Even if he made a mistake, he could start over again. Luo Zheng would not rigidly adhere to the rules of the universe. After all, he had seen his Master travel in the Chaos. He vaguely knew that the Secret Skills of Chaos itself had surpassed the universe and the rules of the universe itself.
If Luo Zheng still rigidly adhered to the rules, he would be somewhat pedantic.
Thinking of this, Luo Zheng did not delay at all. He began to practice according to the cultivation method recorded in the Heavenly Demon God Fist!
There were precedents of using the Chaotic Qi to stimulate other cultivation methods. For example, the power of the Dharma stimulated by the Chaotic Qi would increase exponentially. Because of this, Luo Zheng still had a very strong expectation of whether he could induce the Heavenly Demon Genuine Essence.
As Luo Zheng practiced the cultivation method of the Heavenly Demon God Fist, the Chaotic Qi in his body began to surge …
A wisp of Chaotic Qi was drawn out by Luo Zheng from his Dantian. It flowed along Luo Zheng's meridians and finally burst out from Luo Zheng's fingertip. The gray Chaotic Qi was like a dense fog that could not be dispersed, lingering around Luo Zheng's hand.
"This wisp of Chaotic Qi is stimulated by the cultivation method. I wonder if it has the ability to devour." Luo Zheng's face was slightly nervous. However, in the blink of an eye, the nervousness completely disappeared. At the same time, he smiled. "Even if I fail, I can find another method. What's there to be nervous about?"
Thinking of this, he stretched out his hand and took out a top-grade Genuine Origin Stone. Streams of rich Genuine Origin Stones were bound in this small stone shell.
Luo Zheng did not directly crush the Genuine Origin Stone. Instead, he used his finger to lightly press a small hole in the stone shell of the Genuine Origin Stone. A wisp of pure Genuine Origin Stone escaped from the small hole!
At this time, Luo Zheng inserted the wisp of Chaotic Qi into the Genuine Origin Stone. His eyes were fixed on the Genuine Origin Stone.
"It's useless?"
Through this transparent stone shell, Luo Zheng was able to see that the brown Chaos Qi lingering within the True Essence Stone. It didn't fuse with the milky white True Essence Stone, nor did it attempt to devour the True Essence Stone …
Luo Zheng curled the corners of his mouth. It seemed that he was still too naive.