The top-grade True Origin Stone suddenly exploded. Caught off guard, Luo Zheng was shocked!
After the top-grade True Origin Stone suddenly exploded, the True Origin Qi inside did not sputter out. Instead, it was replaced by several strands of Chaotic Qi!
Just now, Luo Zheng had only poured one strand of Chaotic Qi into the stone shell. Now, the amount of Chaotic Qi had multiplied by several times!
However … because of the impact of the explosion, the Chaotic Qi was like several very thin whips, fiercely lashing out in all directions, leaving several extremely small dents in the room!
"Hiss hiss …"
Immediately after, strands of Chaotic Qi slowly extended out from those dents, like small gray snakes.
Luo Zheng widened his eyes. Looking at the scene in front of him, his brain seemed to be unable to wrap itself around the situation.
He stayed like this for less than a few breaths of time, and the number of tiny dents around the room increased. Those little gray snakes were like tiny worms, quickly eroding everything around them, and at the same time, producing even more little gray snakes.
"Luo Zheng, if you don't do anything, this room will collapse!" Qinglong's words faintly rang in Luo Zheng's ears.
With this reminder, Luo Zheng came back to his senses!
He gently waved his finger, and the strands of Chaotic Qi quickly shrank. Small gray "snakes" came out from every corner of the room and quickly gathered in Luo Zheng's hand.
Now, the Chaotic Qi in Luo Zheng's hand was more than a thousand times larger than before. The strand of Chaotic Qi that Luo Zheng drew out before was not much thicker than a thin thread. Now that it was gathered, it was the size of a fist.
"This Chaotic Qi, not only can it swallow True Origin Qi, it seems to be able to … swallow a room?" Luo Zheng stared at the Chaotic Qi and said in a daze.
"It's not swallowing a room." Qinglong corrected him. "This Chaotic Qi is probably able to swallow everything …"
Seeing this scene, even Qinglong could not remain calm.
Qinglong had suggested this to Luo Zheng because he hoped that Luo Zheng would give it a try. The possibility of failure was far greater than the possibility of success.
He had lived for countless years and had seen too many types of martial arts. When Luo Zheng first entered the Blue Cloud Sect to select a martial art, Qinglong had already remembered this 《Heavenly Devil God Fist》. It was actually able to give Zhen Yuan the ability to devour, which was originally very unique. However, the origin of this martial art had not been found. It was even worth investigating whether it was passed down from the Demon Race!
However, Luo Zheng ran all over the place without stopping for even half a step. He also didn't have the time to investigate the origin of this cultivation method.
Today, Azure Dragon's suggestion had perfectly integrated the characteristics of the Heavenly Demon True Origin in the Heavenly Demon God Fist into the Primal Chaos Qi. Moreover, the Primal Chaos Qi's devouring characteristics were even more overbearing than True Origin. Not only could it devour True Origin, it could also devour the entire house.
Even Qinglong couldn't help but click his tongue in amazement …
Luo Zheng's expression became rich after a period of sluggishness. His face revealed a look of ecstasy.
Perhaps even his master hadn't foreseen this step of his attempt!
After all, when his Master wrote 《Secret Skills of Chaos》, he only speculated that after breaking through to the Divine Sea Realm, the Chaotic Qi would automatically liquefy and turn into a Chaotic Sea, just like warriors who cultivated Vital Essence. Perhaps his Master had overlooked the problem of liquefying the Chaotic Qi.
Thinking of this, Luo Zheng's eyes flashed. He reached out his hand and pointed gently. The cloud of Chaotic Qi in front of Luo Zheng suddenly flew toward a square table in the corner!
"Hiss …"
The cloud of Chaotic Qi sank into the center of the square table. Suddenly, a fist-sized hole appeared on the surface of the table.
Under Luo Zheng's control, the Chaotic Qi constantly flowed along the square table. The gray cloud of Chaotic Qi was like an invisible monster. In a few breaths' time, the square table was completely devoured.
When Luo Zheng took back the Chaotic Qi again, the cloud of Chaotic Qi had grown in size!
"Interesting, as long as I constantly throw in materials and let the Chaotic Qi quickly devour them, when the Chaotic Qi in my body condenses to a certain extent, it can also liquefy and turn into a sea!" Luo Zheng's eyes kept flashing.
Although this process was indeed a bit troublesome, as other warriors would naturally liquefy after breaking through to the Divine Sea Realm, Luo Zheng had to use this method. But for him, this was not a bad thing. Since he could use all things as the source of Chaotic Qi, then the Chaotic Qi in Luo Zheng's body was inexhaustible. His imagination was also very large!
At this moment, the door of the room was pushed open, and Mu Mingxue came in with a pot of tea.
Luo Zheng asked Mu Mingxue to stay by his side and did not instruct her to do the work of these maidservants. But Mu Mingxue still took on the task by herself. After entering the room and seeing the densely packed dents in the room, a strange expression appeared on her face. Then, she silently retreated …
Mu Mingxue was very dutiful. She would not open her eyes to look at things that she should not know, and she would not ask Luo Zheng too much.
In the following period of time, Luo Zheng constantly experimented with the Chaotic Qi's devouring characteristics.
Back then, Luo Zheng's Heavenly Demon True Essence's devouring characteristics were not very strong. Although it could directly devour ordinary True Essence, if it encountered a visualized object, the devouring speed would be greatly reduced, and there would even be situations where it could not devour.
Now, the situation with the Chaotic Qi seemed to be similar.
Just like ordinary tables and chairs, the speed at which they were devoured was incomparably fast. As for the soil, wood, bricks, and tiles, the speed at which they were devoured was still passable. However, when they came into contact with metal, the speed at which they were devoured slowed down. Of course, the "slow" here was relative to the previous materials!
After that, Luo Zheng also took various objects to experiment, such as Xuan Weapons, Spirit Weapons, Immortal Weapons, and other treasures.
The higher the grade and the stronger the weapon, the slower the devouring speed. In order to experiment, Luo Zheng even threw a Saint Weapon into the Chaotic Qi, but it took half a day for the Chaotic Qi to completely devour the Saint Weapon. If it were to devour a Divine Weapon, it would probably take even longer.
Under this continuous devouring, Luo Zheng poured more and more Chaotic Qi into his Inner World, and his Dantian gradually swelled up.
Ever since he started cultivating the Primal Chaos Secret Technique, his Inner World had slowly cultivated the Chaotic Qi. When the Chaotic Qi reached a certain amount, it finally stopped growing. He had not felt his Dantian bloated for a long time.
But this time, under Luo Zheng's continuous devouring, the amount of Chaotic Qi in the Inner World in his Dantian grew more and more. The Inner World began to narrow, and the Chaotic Qi in it gradually began to condense!
Logically speaking, when the Chaotic Qi was condensed to the extreme, it should show signs of liquefaction. Therefore, Luo Zheng kept pouring Chaotic Qi into his Dantian, and at the same time, he kept paying attention to the changes in his Dantian.
Luo Zheng was not disappointed.
Soon, Luo Zheng saw that somewhere in his Inner World, balls of Chaotic Qi were condensing together, forming a brown liquid, and quickly sinking into the depths of his Inner World.
After the first ball of Chaotic Qi began to liquefy, the entire Inner World underwent earth-shaking changes. As the brown liquid continued to liquefy, the edges of his Inner World began to form …
This liquefaction process lasted for a full six days. Six days later, a brown sea began to slowly fluctuate within Luo Zheng's inner world. Although one could be considered to have stepped into the Divine Sea realm after breaking through ten minor Heavenly Tribulations, it was only now that Luo Zheng had truly opened up his Divine Sea and was considered a true Divine Sea realm martial artist. However, compared to other people, his Divine Sea was a bit special … the constantly tumbling chaotic energy was so strong that even if a divine tool was thrown in, it would probably be completely swallowed over time!
Not long after Luo Zheng opened his Spirit Ocean, a voice rang in his ears. It was Ai Hu who had burned the Sound Transmission Talisman he had exchanged with Luo Zheng. It seemed like Ai Hu had already arrived at Zeji City!
He had been waiting in the Gathering Yin World for a long time because of Ai Hu's invitation. Naturally, he had been waiting for this day. The most important thing was that Xun seemed to know some of the secrets of the Gathering Yin World. Luo Zheng was determined to obtain the resources inside.
Therefore, after Luo Zheng used the Sound Transmitting Talisman to reply to Ai Hu, he had Mu Mingxue pack up and prepare to set off.
＝＝＝＝＝