According to the directions given by Ai Hu, Luo Zheng led Mu Mingxue through Zeji City. After the time it takes to burn a stick of incense, they found themselves in a civilian district.
The commoners were also divided into ranks. Some wealthy merchants were not martial artists themselves, but they had the ability to hire martial artists to guard their homes. Therefore, it was possible to occasionally see some low level martial artists in the commoner district, such as Xiantian and Divine Reflection martial artists.
The arrival of Luo Zheng and Mu Mingxue, two warriors of the Divine Sea Realm, immediately attracted a lot of curious gazes.
These boys had a natural yearning for warriors, and the aura emitted by Luo Zheng and Mu Mingxue was far stronger than the warriors they usually saw. Therefore, groups of boys followed behind Mu Mingxue …
This scene made Mu Mingxue frown. She couldn't figure out why Luo Zheng would bring her here.
However, after walking for a short distance, a large courtyard appeared in front of them. As soon as Luo Zheng arrived at the entrance, a fat official respectfully bowed to Luo Zheng and led Luo Zheng into the mansion.
This official was also a wealthy merchant in the local area. Of course, that was only for mortals. Even if he sold all his wealth, he would only be able to convert it into one or two thousand top-grade True Meta Stones. This amount of True Meta Stones was not worth mentioning in the eyes of warriors, but for a mortal to be able to earn so many True Meta Stones was quite amazing. After all, this was equivalent to the annual expenses of a third-grade aristocratic family.
The official didn't know who he was receiving. Even if he hired several Xiantian warriors to guard his home, he couldn't see the cultivation and identity of these people. In the official's mind, these people's strength was unimaginable and difficult to guess. Fortunately, although this person was a mortal, he was shrewd.
During this time, no matter who came, as long as they were warriors, he respectfully led them into his mansion. At the same time, he evacuated his wife and children to other places in Zeji City, leaving only a group of servants to take care of the situation. He knew that such a strong warrior could destroy the foundation he had painstakingly built for decades with a flick of his finger. Moreover, it was impossible for anyone to stand up for him!
After entering the large courtyard, Luo Zheng continued to move forward under the guidance of the official. Finally, they came to a cellar.
There were originally oil lamps hanging on the walls of the cellar, but now all the oil lamps had been extinguished. The official didn't light the lamps. Those big shots in the cellar had said that they weren't allowed to light the lamps. Even if the official had ten thousand guts, he wouldn't dare.
Now, the official only hoped that these "big shots" would leave quickly. He didn't know the purpose of these people, but he was afraid that if he didn't greet them properly, the family business his ancestors had painstakingly built for three generations would be destroyed …
Walking down the dim cellar, there was an open space. There was a round table in the middle, and around the round table sat seven or eight people.
These people were trying their best to conceal their cultivation, but the aura they faintly exuded was not weak. After Luo Zheng entered the cellar, he sensed the aura of a few people faintly exuding, and a trace of vigilance appeared on his face.
"Luo Zheng, brother, you've arrived," Ai Hu sat on one side of the round table and said to Luo Zheng with a hearty smile, "Sit down and talk!"
Although the light here was dim, it wasn't much of an obstacle for martial artists of their cultivation. With the help of the dim light, they could still clearly size each other up.
The atmosphere seemed a bit strange …
When he received Ai Hu's invitation, he naturally thought that Ai Hu had other companions, but he didn't expect Ai Hu to invite several Divine Lord Realm characters. Moreover, he couldn't feel the slightest bit of goodwill from these people.
Just as Luo Zheng and Mu Mingxue were about to sit at the round table, one of them said ambiguously, "Ai Hu, why did you bring these two wastes to explore the Shady Gathering Earth Palace?"
Hearing this, Luo Zheng's brows immediately furrowed.
Previously, he heard Ai Hu say that he was the only person who knew the key to opening the Shady Gathering Earth Palace's secret treasure. This exploration should be led by Ai Hu, but the current situation didn't seem to be the case.
Ai Hu smoothed things over and laughed, "You can't say that. I was able to leave the Demon Realm because brother Luo Zheng showed mercy. Therefore, brother Luo Zheng must have a share in this exploration of the Shady Gathering Earth Palace!"
"Hmph, you have a share, he has a share. How many shares are left in the hands of us seven brothers?" Another person said with dissatisfaction.
Hearing this, Ai Hu was unhappy. His expression turned cold as he said, "I've already made an agreement with Rao An. You can only take thirty percent of the secret treasures in the Shady Gathering Earth Palace! The rest is up to me, Ai Hu, to decide! "
Ai Hu had the cultivation of the late stage of the Divine Sea Realm. Coupled with his talent and the Jade Gate Immortal Battle, he wasn't necessarily afraid of these Divine Realm powerhouses.
"Thirty percent? Hehe … you're just leading the way. Do you really think you can take seventy percent? What qualifications do you have? "Another person said coldly.
Ai Hu raised his thick eyebrows and his eyes were like lightning, "Since you all think I'm not qualified, then please go ahead. The Shady Gathering Earth Palace is right below Zeji City. I'm sure you all have the ability to find the secret treasures of the Shady Gathering Earth Palace."
"Haha, Ai Hu, do you really think we brothers are useless? If you don't lead us into the Shady Gathering Earth Palace, then don't even think about leaving the Shady Gathering Earth Palace alive … "After speaking, one of them suddenly released his aura. A demon-like aura bloomed in the cellar!
Above the cellar was the courtyard of that official. That aura suddenly burst out and penetrated the cellar. Instantly, it formed a huge soul pressure. Almost in an instant, all the mortals within a radius of ten miles fainted …
Facing such a strong soul pressure, Ai Hu remained calm. As for Luo Zheng, his eyes were indifferent.
For an ordinary Divine Sea Realm warrior, a Divine Realm warrior might be an undefeatable existence. However, whether it was Ai Hu or Luo Zheng, they were both qualified to enter the Lingyan Pavilion. If they really fought, they might not be afraid of these people in front of them!
Seeing that they were about to fight before they even set off, a warrior in the corner laughed dryly and began to smooth things over, "Everyone, let's not make a fuss over such a trivial matter. Let's stick to our previous agreement …"
This warrior was Rao An, the one who gave advice on Changsu Island to fight against Luo Zheng and Ai An.
At that time, Ai Hu promised Rao An that if Rao An could help him regain his freedom, he would give him thirty percent of the secret treasures of the Shady Gathering Earth Palace. However, although Rao An was smart, his cultivation and strength were still lacking. Therefore, he invited the seven brothers to come together.
The seven brothers were independent warriors in the Upper World. After being invited, they found out that the person who opened the Shady Gathering Earth Palace was only a warrior in the late stage of the Divine Sea Realm. They already had some contempt in their hearts. Thirty percent of the secret treasures of the Shady Gathering Earth Palace was naturally far from enough.
However, they didn't expect that besides Rao An and the seven brothers, Ai Hu would also invite Luo Zheng. This Luo Zheng's cultivation was even worse. He was only in the early stage of the Divine Sea Realm. Who was he to deserve a share?
However, this Rao An's mouth was really powerful. After some persuasion, the situation between the two sides was temporarily eased.
Of course, the seven brothers didn't want to explore the Shady Gathering Earth Palace with Luo Zheng. However, Ai Hu was the only one who knew how to enter the Shady Gathering Earth Palace. Under Rao An's persuasion, they could only restrain their fierce momentum for the time being.
Ai Hu had a fiery temper, but he had always been a man who kept his promises. Since he had promised Rao An, he could only put the dispute aside for the time being. He said, "The complexity of the Shady Gathering Earth Palace is far beyond your imagination. Before entering the Shady Gathering Earth Palace, everyone has to make several preparations. We can only set off after everything is done …"