The Yin Luo Underground Palace was not considered a hidden place in the Yin Luo World.
Many creatures in the Yin Luo World also knew that there was an underground palace here, but no one had been able to enter it in the past hundred thousand years!
It was said that this was the place where an ancient Celestial Master passed away hundreds of millions of years ago.
Time was the most powerful opponent. Even a Celestial Master's lifespan was not endless. If they could not become a True God, their lifespan would be obliterated and melted in the endless years. Then, they would enter the Five Decays of Heaven and Man and watch themselves die.
Therefore, eternal life was also one of the ultimate pursuits of martial arts.
It was said that before this ancient Celestial Master passed away, he used a very special method to set up a magnificent underground palace and left his life's inheritance and understanding in it.
Every time the underground palace opened, the time and method were different.
Over the endless years, there had been many cultivators who had entered the underground palace and obtained great benefits from it.
Once, Xun entered the underground palace by chance. That time, the underground palace was opened, and it was already a hundred thousand years ago.
At that time, Xun also gained a lot of resources and benefits in the underground palace. Therefore, after hearing that Ai Hu had obtained the method to enter the Yin Luo World, Xun immediately asked Luo Zheng to agree. If Xun remembered correctly, the resources left in the underground palace should be of great help to Luo Zheng.
Under Ai Hu's lead, the group crossed half of Zeji City and soon found the entrance to the underground palace.
The entrance to the underground palace was not difficult to find, but after more than ten years of evolution, the entrance to the underground palace had become the residence of some civilians. However, no one dared to stop them as they passed through.
"This is the entrance to the underground palace," Ai Hu and Luo Zheng stood in front.
Rao An, who was behind them, smiled, "Everyone knows the entrance to the underground palace. It's just that the road below is a little difficult to walk, so I'll have to trouble Ai Hu to lead the way!"
As for the seven brothers behind Rao An, they had different expressions. Although Rao An kept persuading them, they could not hide the greed on their faces.
From their point of view, as long as Ai Hu was able to successfully bring them in, other than the seven brothers, everyone else could be killed. As for Rao An … this fellow was still somewhat useful to the seven brothers, so they could spare his life for the time being.
"Follow me," Ai Hu's face showed that he had a card up his sleeve, and he took the lead into the tunnel.
Luo Zheng, Mu Mingxue, and the other warriors followed behind him …
The tunnel's length could only be described as astonishing. Rao An and the others had collected information before exploring the underground palace, so they had a considerable understanding of the tunnel. They already knew that the tunnel tunnel was very complicated and that the tunnel was astonishingly long, but after entering it, they understood how long it was.... is........................
This passageway was at an angle, extending downwards for an unknown distance.
...........................................................
At the same time, in the western part of the Sifting Yin World, the Yulan Holy Land.
There were many races in the Sifting Yin World, but because this large world was at the border of the three major races, the three most powerful races were still the Demon Race, the Human Race, and the Yao Night Clan.
These three races had established their own tenth grade Holy Land in the Sifting Yin World, but because of their geographical location, these three Holy Lands got along very well with each other. There was not much competition between them, and they mainly focused on trade. It could be said that these three Holy Lands were a window for the three races to communicate with each other. In other places, when the three races met, they would constantly fight and kill each other ….
The Yulan Holy Land was a tenth grade Holy Land established by the Human Race.
In the center of this Holy Land, there was a towering palace that reached into the clouds. Two warriors in black robes flew into the palace.
"Report, someone else entered the underground palace today!" The black-robed warrior reported.
The person in the palace asked calmly, "What is their cultivation level, and what kind of warriors are they?"
"They are warriors of our Human Race. There are only eleven of them in total, and the strongest are seven Ultimate Divine Realm warriors. The other four are all at the Divine Sea Realm," the black-robed warrior reported truthfully.
The person in the palace shook his head. "Every year, there are some fellows who overestimate themselves and enter, thinking that they can really open the underground palace!"
"But Holy Lord, there is no pattern to the opening of the underground palace to begin with …." The black-robed warrior continued.
The Holy Lord of the Yulan Holy Land just smiled calmly. "It doesn't matter. I've already placed Heaven's Eyes in the underground palace. If they open it, I'll naturally know. If it opens, that would be for the best. I'll naturally send all the little fellows in our Sacred Hall inside."
After Luo Zheng and the others entered the underground palace, the three Holy Lands of the Sifting Yin World all reacted.
However, they only paid attention to the movements of Luo Zheng and the others.
Almost every once in a while, warriors would enter the underground palace for all sorts of reasons. However, it had been more than a hundred thousand years since the last time the underground palace opened, and the underground palace had not opened again until now.
However, this didn't mean that these Holy Lands didn't attach importance to the underground palace!
After all, this was the place where the Heavenly Venerate had passed away. Although the underground palace had been opened so many times, no one had taken out the most important secret treasures. However, the Sifting Yin World was relatively barren compared to other large worlds. If there was a chance to enter, how could these Holy Lands let it go?
Therefore, every Holy Land had secretly placed spies at the entrance of the underground palace passageway or within the passageway. Every time a living being entered, they would closely observe it. In addition to the three tenth-rank Holy Lands, there were also seventh-rank and eighth-rank Holy Lands of the Sifting Yin World. Many sects and forces were secretly paying attention to every movement in front of them.
It could be said that when Ai Hu led Luo Zheng and the others into the passageway, their movements had already been secretly watched by many forces of the Sifting Yin World ….
"This damned passageway, how long is it!" A person complained.
The person who complained was called Hou San. The names of the seven brothers were very unique. The eldest brother was called Hou Da, and the rest of the seven brothers were numbered. Second Hou, Third Hou … all the way to Seventh Hou.
"Be a little patient, Third Brother. I heard that the underground palace is extremely large. Can't you stand it after only four hours?" Hou Da, the leader, said lightly.
"There should be a limit to how big it is. If we continue to fly like this, I'm afraid we'll have to travel hundreds of thousands of miles. When will we reach the end?" Hou San muttered.
In fact, it wasn't just Hou San. The others were also muttering in their hearts. They had never seen such a long corridor before. They had been moving forward for such a long time, yet they still couldn't see the end of it.
"I heard that this underground palace was built by a Heavenly Venerate. It's normal for it to span across a large world. This length is nothing. I'm afraid that if we continue to fly like this, we won't reach the end without two or three months!" Second Hou said, shaking his head.
At this time, Rao An, who was following beside the group, suddenly said, "It seems like we've reached the end?"
Everyone's eyes lit up as they looked ahead. It seemed like there was no path ahead, but in an instant, everyone approached the end of the passageway. Then, their faces were filled with disappointment. It turned out that this was only a corner of the passageway. After turning this corner, there was still an endless path ahead ….
"Let's continue," Hou Da said helplessly.
At this time, Ai Hu said, "Wait."
Hearing his voice, everyone's eyes gathered on Ai Hu. Hou Da asked impatiently, "What?"
Ai Hu was too lazy to pay attention to these fellows. The seven brothers were able to follow him into the underground palace only because of Rao An. He took out a divine rune and directly pasted it on the wall of the passageway.
After Ai Hu poured a strand of True Yuan into the divine rune, a faint green light spread out and reflected on the wall in front of everyone!
"Rumble …."