"Two paths?" Rao An looked surprised.
Ai Hu sneered. "If we follow the path on the left, we won't be able to enter the underground palace even if we walk until the end of time!"
He had agreed to Rao An's request because he had no other choice. He didn't expect Rao An to insist on finding the seven Extreme Divine Stage warriors.
None of the people who could cultivate to such a level would be bad at scheming. Although Ai Hu was careless, he was also a bold and meticulous person. The seven brothers weren't kind people. Even if they opened the underground palace, they would probably choose to take the secret treasure of the Sifting Yin World for themselves.
However, Ai Hu was very confident in his own strength. At the same time, he was even more confident in Luo Zheng's strength.
It would be fine if they didn't make a move. If they did, they would be courting death …
As soon as the hidden tunnel was opened, a cold and gloomy aura blew out from the deep tunnel. It was as if countless ghosts were rushing out, baring their fangs and brandishing their claws, wanting to tear the group to pieces.
"What dense Nether Yin energy!" Hou Da's eyes flashed.
"Fortunately, we brought this beforehand."
Rao An beside him took out a handful of pale yellow branches. These were the branches of the Flaming Sun Tree. The Flaming Sun Tree belonged to the fire element of the five elements. It was rare and grew at the top of volcanoes. Even if a volcano erupted, the Flaming Sun Tree would be covered in layers of lava. Instead of burning, it would absorb the heat of the lava.
Using the Flaming Sun Tree to resist the Nether Yin energy was the most suitable. This was also the preparation Ai Hu had instructed them to make.
Mu Mingxue also conjured two Flaming Sun Tree branches. She handed one to Luo Zheng and the other to herself. Then, Luo Zheng casually waved his hand. Two balls of flames curled out and ignited the front of the Flaming Sun Tree branch.
Although the Flaming Sun Tree branch was extremely dry, it didn't burn quickly. It only emitted a faint wisp of smoke, and the burning part emitted a dark red light.
When the branch was ignited, the Nether Yin energy met its nemesis. It was like ice meeting fire, quickly melting away.
"Let's go in." Holding the Flaming Sun Tree branch, Ai Hu took the lead and rushed into the hidden tunnel.
The seven brothers' mouths moved slightly, as if they were communicating with each other through True Yuan sound transmission. Although he couldn't hear their voices, Luo Zheng could sense that it wasn't anything good from the corner of his eyes.
After holding the lit Flaming Sun Tree branch, he and Mu Mingxue also entered the tunnel.
After entering, Luo Zheng's lips moved slightly as he sent a sound transmission to Ai Hu, "Those fellows don't seem to have good intentions."
"Is Brother Luo Zheng afraid?" Ai Hu chuckled, replying with a true essence sound transmission.
"Not really." Luo Zheng looked indifferent. "I'm just reminding you."
"Hehe, it's fine if these guys don't make a move. I will still abide by the agreement. If they do, then they are courting death," Ai Hu replied confidently. At the same time, he asked Luo Zheng, "Am I right, Brother Luo Zheng?"
Naturally, this meant that Luo Zheng was on his side.
"Of course." Luo Zheng's expression didn't change. Luo Zheng wasn't interested in the agreement between Ai Hu and them. However, if these fellows acted recklessly, he naturally wouldn't mind killing them …
At this moment, it wasn't just the human race's Yulan Holy Land that was watching.
In the Demon Night Clan's Purple Bamboo Holy Land, there were also cultivators closely watching the situation.
"They've already found the second path. It looks like they came prepared. At the very least, they didn't barge in recklessly." At the top of a giant Holy Tree in the Demon Night Clan, the leader of the Holy Land stood on the highest leaf. The leaf was only the size of a palm, but it carried the weight of a cultivator.
"It's just the second path. It doesn't mean anything. There are still seven more paths … Moreover, the Yin Yang Nine Revolutions Tunnel isn't a big secret. We can ask around in the Sifting Yin World to find out. We just have to see if they really have a way to open the underground palace," another female Demon Night Clan member said with a faint smile.
If one wanted to enter the Sifting Yin World's underground palace, they had to pass through the Yin Yang Nine Revolutions Tunnel. However, one had to choose the correct path. If one chose the wrong one, it would be impossible to enter. They would only be able to take a detour in the endless maze of tunnels.
The difficulty of passing through the Yin Yang Nine Revolutions Tunnel didn't seem high. However, if one had to rely entirely on luck, they would have to make a total of nine choices. The probability of choosing the correct path was only one in 1,028.
However, when to take the Yin path and when to take the Yang path wasn't a particularly difficult secret in the Sifting Yin World. One could easily find out by asking around.
However, the three great clans all hoped that Ai Hu's group hadn't learnt this secret in the Sifting Yin World. Instead, they had learnt it from somewhere else. Only then would they be able to open the underground palace!
The items left behind by the primordial Heavenly Sovereign were extremely tempting to any rank ten Holy Land. Hence, they would naturally pay close attention to every living being that entered the underground palace, regardless of whether they were from the Demon Race or the Demon Night Clan …
Ai Hu travelled along the eerie tunnel. After a few hours, he stopped again and opened another 'Yang path' that didn't contain any Yin Qi.
For the rest of the journey, under Ai Hu's lead, they traveled back and forth between two completely different corridors!
Every time they passed through a tunnel, it would take several hours. After passing through six or seven tunnels, the dozen or so warriors rested for a while before continuing on their journey.
After two days and two nights, they finally finished traversing the unimaginably long tunnel!
Hou San looked back at the path they had travelled. He said with lingering fear, "Just how long is this tunnel? We should be very far from Zeji City now, right? "
"It's not that far." Rao An, who had been hanging from the tail, smiled faintly. He gestured with his finger and said, "These tunnels are indeed very long. However, all the tunnels are arranged in such a way. We circled around Zeji City twice in the Sifting Yin World. We should be below Zeji City now!"
"We're below Zeji City?" Sixth Hou asked with a face full of disbelief.
Ai Hu nodded coldly. "Rao An is right. We're extremely deep below Zeji City. Everyone, follow me!"
After speaking, Ai Hu left the tunnel and led the way. When the others heard his words, they hurriedly followed him …
After walking out of the tunnel, the space around them suddenly opened up. A huge statue appeared in front of them. It was a statue of a nine-headed snake the size of a mountain.
"This nine-headed snake … Five of its heads are broken." Mu Mingxue, who was behind Luo Zheng, couldn't help but say curiously when she saw the huge nine-headed snake statue.
There were nine huge snake heads standing on top of the huge sculpture. Each of the snake heads had their mouths wide open, looking like they were about to devour someone. The sculpture was also very lifelike. However, five of the nine snake heads were directly broken from the neck, leaving only four snake heads intact.
Ai Hu sized up these snake heads. Not long after, Ai Hu rose into the air and headed straight for the seventh snake head of the nine-headed snake sculpture.
"The seventh snake head? This brat can open the seventh tunnel? Haha, it seems like I have to get those little guys ready. If he really opens this underground palace, they'll have to work hard and try to take all the opportunities inside! " In the Yin Luo World's Demon Energy Holy Land, a warrior of the Demon Clan with a body like a small mountain looked at the scene in front of him and laughed heartily. He seemed to be very optimistic about Ai Hu's next move.
The Ancient Celestial Master had set up this underground palace. He had secretly passed down the nine methods of opening the underground palace in the universe. Each method was completely different and there was no trace of it. Most importantly, for some unknown reason, the Ancient Celestial Master had set up a very troublesome Spirit Boundary in the underground palace.
This Spirit Boundary might be insurmountable for Divine Sea Realm and Divine Realm warriors, but it was not worth mentioning for many Sector Lords and Celestial Masters.
The only trouble was that if the Spirit Boundary was damaged, everything in the underground palace would be annihilated in an instant. So far, no expert had been able to force their way in.
＝＝＝＝＝