Because it was so long ago, the origin of this ancient Empyrean was very mysterious.
Even though there had been several opportunities to explore the underground palace, the martial artists that explored each time were still unable to unravel the true identity of this ancient Empyrean.
Such a thing was extremely rare in the history of the universe. This was because the position of an Empyrean in the universe was constant. For a Realm Lord to ascend to the position of Empyrean, an Empyrean had to fall. The fall of an Empyrean and the change in position would inevitably cause the Heavenly Dao to tremble. Therefore, every Empyrean born in this era was recorded in detail.
However, the origin of this ancient Empyrean in the Sifting Yin World had yet to be found.
From the nine-headed snake statue at the entrance of the underground palace, it was very likely that this Empyrean possessed the bloodline of the nine-headed snake. Back then, this Empyrean had set up nine entrances in the underground palace, which were the nine snake heads above the nine-headed snake statue!
Each snake head corresponded to a chance to open the underground palace …
When an entrance was opened once, the snake head would be severed and the enchantment would open again. The underground palace would then wait for the next opportunity to open.
100,000 years ago, Xun had entered the underground palace through the sixth snake head. Today, 100,000 years later, Ai Hu had obtained the opportunity to open the seventh snake head …
The several Holy Lands in the Sifting Yin World had always been paying attention to this place due to geographical reasons. If someone really opened the seventh snake head, how could these Holy Lands let go of this opportunity?
If Ai Hu could really open the underground palace, they would immediately send the young elites of their clans over!
After Ai Hu entered the seventh snake head, everyone quietly stood in place and waited. This underground palace was extremely deep underground. With this silence, even a needle falling to the ground could cause a huge commotion.
However, at this moment, a sound suddenly sounded in everyone's ears.
Drip …
It was the sound of water falling to the ground.
The sound of water dripping came from the darkness not far away. The seven Hou brothers looked at each other and revealed vigilant expressions.
Even though they were Divine Realm powerhouses, no one knew what would suddenly appear in this damned place!
Drip … Drip … Drip …
The sound of water droplets became faster and faster, as if some kind of liquid was dripping out from the darkness. The sound of water droplets reverberated in the spacious entrance of the underground palace, and it was very clear to the ears!
Mu Mingxue's face revealed a nervous expression. After all, she was a woman. Originally, she had maintained a distance of a few feet from Luo Zheng. At this moment, she moved closer to Luo Zheng and quietly asked, "What is Luo Zheng?"
Luo Zheng's eyes narrowed slightly, and an abundant green light flashed in his pupils. He had activated the Clear Eyes Spirit Pupils.
Luo Zheng took in the darkness where there was almost no light. When Luo Zheng clearly saw the scene in the darkness, his eyebrows immediately furrowed and he asked in a clear voice, "Brother Ai Hu, how long will it take to open the entrance to the underground palace?"
"I'll be done in a while." Ai Hu himself had already completely entered the seventh snake head. His voice faintly floated out from within, continuously reverberating in this spacious space.
"Please hurry. There is trouble here," Luo Zheng calmly said.
Although Luo Zheng's voice was very calm, Mu Mingxue's beautiful eyes suddenly jumped after hearing it.
The current Luo Zheng had already become an omnipotent existence in Mu Mingxue's eyes. If Luo Zheng called it trouble, then it was definitely not ordinary trouble. What exactly was in the darkness?
When Rao An heard this, he took a step back. Rao An's strength was the weakest in this group, but his brain was the best. On Changsu Island, Rao An had seen Luo Zheng's strength. Since this guy said it was trouble, then it was definitely not ordinary trouble!
As for the seven Hou brothers, although they maintained vigilance against the dripping sound of water, they were still relying on their high cultivation. When Hou Da saw Luo Zheng's reaction, he coldly snorted, "If you don't have the guts, then you still want to get a share of the Gathering Yin World's secret treasure. You are simply an idiot talking nonsense! Third Brother, go and take a look! "
Hearing this, Luo Zheng's expression was indifferent. His eyes were fixed on the darkness in front of him, but there was an imperceptible smile in his eyes.
When Hou San heard Hou Da's order, he chuckled twice. When he passed by Luo Zheng, he gave Luo Zheng a very disdainful look. Then he walked directly into the darkness!
Hou San held a luminous orb used for illumination in his hand. It emitted a faint dark yellow light as he explored the dark space beside the nine-headed snake statue. The space was very large. Even with the luminous orb in his hand, he could only illuminate a few feet in front of him in the dense darkness!
"Third Brother, did you find anything?" Hou Da asked.
"Not even a strand of hair, hehe." Hou San laughed, "Some idiots are really timid. Just the slightest movement and they become so jittery …"
When Hou San said this, the originally tense atmosphere immediately relaxed. The seven Hou brothers all laughed along.
Mu Mingxue naturally didn't laugh. She whispered with Quintessential Sound Transmission, "There seems to be something wrong with Hou San's luminous orb. How can it be so dim?"
Luminous orbs were divided into many grades. Although the one in Hou San's hand wasn't of the highest quality, it was still extraordinary. However, it could only illuminate a few feet in front of him. As a woman, Mu Mingxue was more attentive and discovered this detail.
Luo Zheng replied faintly with Quintessential Sound Transmission, "If I'm not wrong, there should be a trace of the Law of Darkness shrouding that area. It's suppressing the light of the luminous orb … Hou San is in for it."
While they were talking, Hou San held the Night Brightness Pearl in his hand and grinned from ear to ear. The six Hou brothers were also grinning, but as they laughed, their smiles froze on their faces. They stared blankly at Hou San, who was not far away, and their eyes were filled with terror.
Hou San didn't seem to notice it. However, when he saw his brothers' shocked expressions, he suddenly felt a chill run down his spine. He almost reflexively turned his head and shook the Luminous Orb in his hand. The darkness was still empty. There was nothing there.
Hou San let out a sigh of relief. He turned back and smiled, "Brothers, don't joke with me at a time like this!"
However, Eldest Hou and the others continued to stare at Third Hou with terrified expressions. One of them pointed at Third Hou's body. Only then did Third Hou lightly shake the Night Illumination Pearl. This time, he shone on his own body … …
The moment the Luminous Orb shone on Hou San, Mu Mingxue covered her mouth and grabbed Luo Zheng's clothes. She seemed to have fallen into extreme fear as well.
As for the six Hou brothers, they all took a few steps back!
Half of Hou San's body seemed to be crazily eroded by the darkness. His flesh was disappearing piece by piece. What was even more strange was that Hou San didn't seem to feel any pain. He didn't notice anything wrong either.
However, even if he didn't feel any pain, one could imagine the fear in his heart when he saw his own body become like this!
"Ahhh!"
Third Hou let out a roar of terror as he charged toward the crowd.
"Get lost! Don't come over, Hou San!"
"Die there for me!"
The remaining six Hou brothers were also frightened. As peak Divine Realm experts, they were quite confident in their own strength. Warriors didn't fear ferocious beasts, but facing this kind of invisible thing, they were extremely terrified. No one wanted to end up like Hou San!
"Luo Zheng, what should we do?" Mu Mingxue clutched Luo Zheng's clothes. Her face was full of fear.
Luo Zheng's gaze was deep. He turned around and grabbed Mu Mingxue's waist. He only spat out one word, "Retreat!"
"Whoosh …"
He and Mu Mingxue quickly retreated. As for the six Hou brothers, they followed Luo Zheng and kept retreating!