Those little moths were only the size of a finger, and their bodies were completely black. They constantly circled around the Luminous Night Orb.
Probably because they hated the existence of light, a few black moths suddenly shot towards the Luminous Night Orb. In the blink of an eye, the remaining light in the darkness was suddenly extinguished, and those little moths were once again immersed in the darkness …
"This, this is …" Seeing this scene, Hou Da's face turned green.
"This is the Black Eater Moth! There … there's Nether Yin Water here! "
"That dripping sound just now was the sound of the Nether Yin Water!"
"Quick, let's go …"
The six Hou brothers who were mocking Luo Zheng earlier were now scared out of their wits.
The Black Eater Moth was an extremely dangerous Exotic Insect. In the universe, there was a Exotic Insect Ranking, and every insect that could be listed on this Exotic Insect Ranking had an extremely ferocious divine ability.
For example, the Ice Blue Jade Butterfly, which lived in ice, was ranked 51st on the Exotic Insect Ranking. This butterfly looked extraordinarily beautiful, but to living creatures, it was an extremely fatal existence. As long as one was slightly infected by its cold poison, one's entire body would be instantly frozen, and even one's soul would be sealed in ice. In this lifetime, one would be unable to enter the path of reincarnation …
As for the Black Eater Moth, it was ranked 21st on the Exotic Insect Ranking. It was also a ferocious insect with a great origin. Under normal circumstances, the Black Eater Moth would live in the Nether Yin Water in the form of an egg. After thousands of years, it would still be in the form of an egg. As long as it was enveloped by the Nether Yin Water, the egg of the Black Eater Moth would be able to live for hundreds of thousands of years, or even millions of years without dying!
However, once they felt the existence of living creatures and needed to search for food, those eggs would be able to control the Nether Yin Water to flow out. The Black Eater Moth would hatch from those eggs and search for food in the darkness!
Just now, Luo Zheng had used his Clear Eyes Spirit Eyes to see that on the ground in the distance, droplets of Underworld Water were dripping down. In the blink of an eye, finger-sized black moths hatched from the water.
If they were ordinary moths, it would be fine, but Luo Zheng felt an intense aura of the Law of Darkness. This was an extremely rare Law of Darkness. Luo Zheng had previously seen it in the One Thought Sealed Tower. This Law of Darkness seemed to be the nemesis of light, and could devour all light. Therefore, the entrance to the underground palace gave people a feeling of extreme darkness.
After seeing this scene, Luo Zheng naturally knew that these moths were no small matter. That was why he asked Ai Hu to quickly open the entrance to the underground palace …
However, the seven Hou brothers didn't believe in heresy. Since they chose to die, Luo Zheng didn't say anything. He couldn't be bothered to remind them!
. As independent warriors, the six Hou brothers had joined hands to explore the universe. They could be considered to be very knowledgeable. Now that they recognized these Black Eater Moths, how could they be willing to stay here? Two of them quickly rushed into the tunnel in front of the underground palace. They were Fourth Hou and Sixth Hou of the seven Hou brothers.
"That side is also …" Luo Zheng had just opened his mouth. He originally wanted to say that the other side was also shrouded by the Law of Darkness.
After they passed through the tunnel, they lit up the two oil lamps on both sides of the tunnel. But now, the light from the lamps was extremely dim. Obviously, there were Black Eater Moths flying towards the exit of the tunnel!
However, Luo Zheng's warning was a bit too slow. Fourth Hou and Sixth Hou had already rushed over while green gusts of wind suddenly emerged from their bodies and wrapped around them as they rushed all the way to the other side of the tunnel …
However, before they could rush into the tunnel, black dots appeared above the two oil lamps. Then, the lamps went out with a loud bang. Everyone only heard two mournful screams, followed by the sound of bones collapsing.
The entire entrance of the underground palace was completely plunged into darkness and silence.
Without the light from the oil lamps, everyone was like blind people. The key was that there were countless Black Eater Moths wandering in the darkness!
No one dared to make any more light, because as long as there was a trace of light, they would become the target of the Black Eater Moths. As long as they were targeted by these finger-sized Black Eater Moths, their flesh and blood would be devoured in an instant, leaving only a lifeless skeleton. Moreover, it was said that these Black Eater Moths could even devour souls!
The most important thing was that these Black Eater Moths originally existed in a very special form. Even if their bodies were shrouded in raging fire and lightning, they could not be stopped at all.
In the darkness, Mu Mingxue's neat silver teeth were tightly clenched together. Although she was extremely frightened, she did not cause any trouble for Luo Zheng from the beginning to the end.
Since she had chosen to follow Luo Zheng, she was mentally prepared. Naturally, she would not regret it easily!
"What do we do now … …" Second Hou screamed, even with a trace of sobbing.
"Everyone, gather as close as possible. When Ai Hu opens the underground palace, we can retreat into the underground palace." In the darkness, Rao An's voice transmitted over.
Compared to the Hou brothers, Rao An's strength was not worth mentioning, but he was the calmest. This was because he and Luo Zheng were very clear about the current situation. If they were calm, they might have a chance to survive. Fear was of no help to their current situation!
Hearing Rao An's words, Eldest Hou also said, "Everyone, gather!"
Although the Black Eater Moths were small, they were born with an understanding of the Law of Darkness. These little insects that moved through the darkness seemed to be invincible. Ordinary methods were unable to cause them any harm.
Luo Zheng did not gather with them. Instead, he grabbed Mu Mingxue's hand. He could feel that Mu Mingxue was slightly trembling. He whispered, "Don't be nervous. Follow me."
Mu Mingxue reluctantly nodded. She still did not speak. She was afraid that if she opened her mouth, she would cry out … …
Although the surrounding space was pitch-black, Luo Zheng activated his Clear Eyes Spirit Eyes and was able to see everything in the darkness.
As drops of Underworld Water dripped down from the sky, the number of these tiny moths increased. They densely covered their surroundings. As they fluttered chaotically, they surrounded them.
Now, Luo Zheng could rely on his superior vision to lead Mu Mingxue to avoid these moths. However, as time passed, this space would be filled with these Black Eater Moths sooner or later. However, Luo Zheng still had another trump card. He could use the "Gen Token" to summon the Immortal Mansion and lead Mu Mingxue into it … …
Mu Mingxue did not know that Luo Zheng had such a trump card. A group of Ultimate Divine Realm experts were unable to resist these Black Eater Moths. She, Mu Mingxue, was even more helpless. However, she could only trust Luo Zheng now. Only by holding Luo Zheng's hand could she slightly reduce the fear in her heart.
"Ai Hu, are you done?" Luo Zheng grabbed Mu Mingxue's hand and slowly retreated in the darkness. He raised his head to look at the nine-headed snake statue. Fortunately, the Black Eater Moths did not spread in that direction. If they did, Ai Hu would be stuck in the snake's mouth and the underground palace would not be able to open.
Ai Hu also knew that something had happened outside. However, at this time, he was trying to open the underground palace according to the method taught by the person in the Demon Realm. He could not be distracted and could only say anxiously, "Wait a little longer … …"
"What are you waiting for? Why are you taking so long to open the door?" In the darkness, Hou Da could not help but curse. For Hou Da, he really saw a ghost. He actually encountered such a strange insect here. In the blink of an eye, he lost three brothers!
Just as he finished cursing, another miserable scream came from the darkness. Clearly, another person was entangled by the Black Eater Moths.
As soon as the scream was heard, Hou Tai punched out in the air and sent that person flying.
"Big brother, that's Hou Qi!" Second Hou said angrily.
Hou Da said coldly, "If we don't do this, we will all die!"
Everyone's heart kept sinking and they kept retreating. However, there were Black Eater Moths everywhere. They did not know if retreating was the right choice. It was only their instincts.