As the space to dodge became smaller and smaller, Luo Zheng's gaze became more and more solemn.
These Black Eating Moths couldn't be killed?
Just now, Luo Zheng had seen clearly that when Fourth Hou and Sixth Hou rushed out, they had activated their Protective True Yuan. At the same time, they circulated their True Yuan and turned it into a fierce storm to protect themselves.
Even so, they couldn't stop the Black Eating Moths at all. Although Luo Zheng didn't think much of Fourth Hou and Sixth Hou's strength, they were still Divine Realm experts.
However, although the strange insects in the world were strange, there should be a way to restrain them.
Generally speaking, these strange insects were afraid of lightning. As Luo Zheng and Mu Mingxue were hiding, they saw a lone Black Eating Moth slowly floating toward them in the darkness.
Luo Zheng's mind moved. The Chaotic Ocean in his body rippled slightly, trying to condense a trace of lightning.
"You're overthinking it. It's useless!" At this moment, Xun spoke.
At the same time, Qinglong also said, "The Law of Lightning has no effect on the Black Eating Moths. Moreover, the lightning you release will attract a large number of Black Eating Moths!"
Hearing their dissuasion, Luo Zheng forcibly suppressed it. It was no wonder that Eldest Hou and the others didn't use this method.
"Then what should we do?" Luo Zheng asked with a frown.
"Wait. Wait until the door to the underground palace is opened. Then, we can rush in," Xun replied. Xun had entered the underground palace before. However, these Black Eating Moths didn't exist here 100,000 years ago. Otherwise, she would have asked Luo Zheng to prepare in advance. They wouldn't be in such a passive situation now.
Hearing this, Luo Zheng nodded slightly. He could only lead Mu Mingxue and wander around the palace.
However, as the dripping sounds became louder and louder, more and more Black Eating Moths hatched from the Underworld Water. The space they had to hide in was in danger.
"Ah …"
Another blood-curdling scream sounded out, followed by the sound of bones collapsing to the ground. It seemed that another person had been devoured by the Black Eating Moth.
Mu Mingxue's heart was pounding. She didn't know how long Luo Zheng could hold on in this desperate situation. Perhaps in the next breath, she would end up like those people. Her body would be completely devoured, leaving behind only a skeleton …
Luo Zheng's frown deepened. The dense swarm of Black Eater Moths had completely blocked the surrounding space. There was no way out!
"Go up!"
Luo Zheng's eyes flashed. The space in front of the underground palace was full of Black Eater Moths. If they stayed here, they would die sooner or later, but the number of Black Eater Moths near the Hydra statue was relatively small!
These Black Eating Moths fluttered in all directions in clumps. There was no way to find them. Luo Zheng stood motionless in place. After about half a breath, he found an opening. "Go!"
A force erupted from Luo Zheng's body. He directly pulled Mu Mingxue and jumped up.
Mu Mingxue felt a force coming from Luo Zheng's hand. Then, the world spun and she was pulled up by Luo Zheng. She stood on a high ground, but the surroundings were pitch black. She couldn't even see her own fingers. She was now dizzy and didn't know where she was!
Luo Zheng jumped on one of the heads of the Hydra statue, temporarily avoiding the swarm of Black-Eater Moths. However, the moths below were in a miserable state.
In just a short while, they heard Hou Da's roar. "Hou Er!"
It seemed that another person had died below …
The situation in front of them was still not optimistic. Luo Zheng's expression didn't relax. The key was that he couldn't do anything about these Black Eating Moths. He could only wait for Ai Hu to open the door to the underground palace.
At this moment, everyone suddenly heard the crisp sound of a mechanism. Then, the entire Hydra statue began to roar!
"Success!"
Ai Hu's voice came from the snake head. Presumably, Ai Hu had successfully opened the door to the underground palace!
At the same time, several blazing white lights suddenly appeared in the space in front of the underground palace. Several blazing white lights suddenly flickered.
For a moment, the entire underground palace was illuminated as if it was daytime!
Then, under the illumination of the blazing white lights, Mu Mingxue saw that the underground palace was filled with dense black dots, and each black dot was a Black Eating Moth!
Now, she also knew that there should be a lot of Black Eating Moths around. However, Luo Zheng carried her all the way to avoid the attacks of the Black Eating Moths. She thought that the number of Black Eating Moths would not be too many. But now, seeing the dense mass of Black Eating Moths, she felt a burst of fear. At the same time, she couldn't figure out how Luo Zheng carried her through so many Black Eating Moths. Or could it be that he could see these Black Eating Moths?
Right now, there wasn't much time for Mu Mingxue to think about this kind of thing …
Luo Zheng's attention was not focused on the Black Eating Moths. His eyes reflected the dazzling white lights. From these lights, he felt the mysterious power of the Law of Space!
"This is …" Luo Zheng's gaze was serious.
"Someone is using the Greater Teleportation Technique, and it's not just one person!" Xun directly answered Luo Zheng's doubts.
"Greater Teleportation!"
This Greater Teleportation could only be used after comprehending at least the fifth level of the Law of Space. It was obvious that the person who was teleporting here was not ordinary.
Soon, from the three blazing white lights, figures came out one after another!
"The Yao Night Clan, the Demon Clan … and the Human Clan?" Luo Zheng instantly understood. These guys should be waiting for the underground palace to open!
The Black Eating Moths originally hated light, but because of the Law of Space, they exploded with intense light. In an instant, all of the Black Eating Moths pounced towards the light.
However, the cultivators who came out of the light seemed to have come prepared. Whether they were from the Yao Night Clan or the Human Clan, they all held a thin yellow bamboo in their hands. From the end of the yellow bamboo, wisps of faint yellow smoke were emitted!
The Black Eating Moths did not fear the Law of Space, but when they came into contact with the yellow smoke, they were unable to resist at all. As the yellow smoke burned them, they fell from the sky one by one, dying in an instant!
"Haha, the underground palace has really been opened. It should have been a hundred thousand years since the last time the underground palace was opened? A hundred thousand years … back then, this old man was still a child! "The one who spoke was a human cultivator. This person was the Holy Master of the Yulan Holy Land.
"A hundred thousand years ago, our king entered once. I wonder what kind of benefits we'll be able to obtain from the underground palace this time?" Another woman from the Yao Night Clan said indifferently. This woman from the Yao Night Clan was the leader of the Purple Bamboo Holy Land. The Ginkgo Pavilion that Luo Zheng went to before belonged to the Purple Bamboo Holy Land. The king she spoke of was naturally Xun.
As for the leader of the Demon Clan, he was naturally the Holy Master of the Demon Clan's Holy Land …
Before this, they had been paying attention to the movements at the entrance of the underground palace. They didn't care about the life and death of Luo Zheng and the seven Hou brothers. However, the moment the underground palace opened, they naturally brought the young elites of their Holy Land over!
Within the underground palace, experts were prohibited from entering. The cultivation of the three leaders of the Holy Land were at the quasi Sector Lord level. If they rashly entered the underground palace, everything within the palace would be destroyed. Although they were unable to enter, they were able to send in the Extreme Divine Realm experts of the Holy Land.
Hou Da had already fallen into despair. In the darkness just now, he could only watch as his brothers died one by one and turned into a pile of lifeless bones. He didn't know how long he could last. When all six of his brothers died, a group of people suddenly appeared and easily dealt with the Black Eating Moths!
A nameless evil flame rushed into his mind. "You … why didn't you come earlier?"
If it was any other time, Hou Da definitely wouldn't speak like this in front of these super experts. However, when he saw the skeletons of his brothers on the ground, one could imagine the misery in his heart.
The Holy Master of the Demon Clan glanced at Hou Da indifferently and sneered. He couldn't be bothered to speak to Hou Da. A Extreme Divine Realm expert wasn't qualified for him to respond. His mountain-like body flashed and a bloody light condensed at the tip of his finger. That bloody light contained an enormous might. He was clearly going to kill Hou Da.
＝＝＝＝＝