In the eyes of these tenth rank Holy Lands' Holy Lords, Ai Hu's group was just a key to opening the door.
Once the door was opened, their purpose would be fulfilled. Killing them would be as easy as killing an ant.
Hou Da felt the power of that bloody light. If he touched it, he would probably be turned into ashes. His face instantly turned deathly pale. Because of the death of his six brothers, he lost control of his emotions and revealed such emotions. Only now did he realize that he had provoked someone he shouldn't have provoked. It was someone he couldn't afford to provoke!
Moreover, the other party was from the Demon Race. People like him were like weeds in their eyes. If they wanted to kill him, they could kill him.
Seeing that bloody light shoot out, Hou Da didn't even have the courage to dodge. After all, this was a World Lord level figure. There was a gap of two realms between them. How could he resist?
But right at this moment, the Holy Master of the Yulan Holy Land waved his hand gently, and a faint blue barrier of light appeared in front of Hou Da. The Holy Master of the human race said calmly, "Ye Xiao, didn't our three Holy Lands already come to an agreement that no matter which clansmen come to open the underground palace, they are not to be killed?
Hearing this, the bloody light in the Holy Lord's hand gradually dissipated. It didn't matter whether he killed an ant or not. He just snorted and ignored Hou Da.
The Holy Lord glanced at Hou Da. After all, Hou Da was from the human race. The Holy Lord said, "Since you chose to enter the underground palace, you should be prepared to pay the price with your life. As warriors, we are constantly being tested. You should take care of yourself."
The Holy Lord's meaning was very simple. Since you brought your brothers to explore the underground palace, you should be prepared to pay the price with your life. Blaming others for not saving you in time because you weren't strong enough? That was too childish …
How could Hou Da not understand this logic? It was just that he was very unwilling to accept it.
When he raised his head, he saw Ai Hu, Luo Zheng, and Mu Mingxue jump down from the nine-headed snake statue. Hou Da's heart was once again unbalanced.
It was one thing for Ai Hu to be injured, but why were the man and woman unharmed as well? Just now, the two of them were surrounded by the Black Eating Moths. Why were they able to escape danger? Hou Da couldn't figure it out no matter how hard he tried!
When Luo Zheng jumped down, the Human Race's Saint Lord's gaze fell on Luo Zheng. His indifferent expression revealed a trace of admiration. The Human Race's Saint Lord clearly saw that the kid in front of him seemed to possess some kind of divine ability that could see through the Laws of Darkness. Even under the siege of the Black Eating Moths, Luo Zheng was still able to calmly dodge and persist until the last moment.
Luo Zheng and the Saint Lord's eyes met and he nodded indifferently. Luo Zheng hadn't ascended for long but he had seen half step Sector Lords, quasi-sector Lords and even Sector Lords. This old man in front of him wasn't anything special …
On the other hand, when Mu Mingxue sensed the cultivation of the Human Race's Saint Lord, she timidly stood behind Luo Zheng. Before, in the Spiritual Communication World, Hall Master Shen was already an existence that Mu Mingxue had to look up to. The Sector Lord in front of her was an existence that Mu Mingxue couldn't even imagine!
The Holy Lord of the Human race was rather surprised that Luo Zheng was able to remain so calm in front of him. He had originally wanted to ask Luo Zheng if this kid was an independent warrior. If he was willing to accept him into the Holy Land of Yulan and train him well, he would definitely become a powerful figure in the future!
"Master, everyone is here." However, at this moment, a Divine Realm fighter came in front of the Human Race's Saint Lord and interrupted his train of thought.
These Holy Lords could only reach the entrance of the underground palace. Although they had the strength to force their way into the underground palace or directly break the enchantment of the underground palace, once the enchantment was broken, all the treasures in the underground palace would be destroyed. If their cultivation was too strong, they would also trigger the power of destruction.
Because of this, in all these years, not a single Sector Lord dared to forcefully enter the underground palace.
The Human Race's Saint Lord nodded slightly. "To all of you, this is a once in a lifetime opportunity. It has been a hundred thousand years since the last time the underground palace opened. All of you must seize this opportunity."
"Yes!"
Although the Yulan Holy Land was a tenth rank Holy Land, the Sifting Yin World didn't have much of an advantage compared to the other Great Worlds. Even the Spiritual Communication World couldn't compare to it. Thus, the Yulan Holy Land didn't have much of a reputation amongst the other tenth rank Holy Lands of the Alliance. Up until now, there wasn't even a single fighter qualified to enter the 13 Heavenly Palaces …
There weren't many opportunities left for the geniuses of the Yulan Holy Land. This opening of the underground palace was an exceptional opportunity for them.
Aside from the Human Race, the Demon Race and the Demon Race's geniuses were also preparing to enter the underground palace.
As for Ai Hu, his face was filled with helplessness …
He had finally obtained such an opportunity and came here with great difficulty to open the underground palace. He didn't expect that as soon as he opened the underground palace, so many people would be attracted! It seemed that the Sifting Yin World's secret treasures were an open secret in the Sifting Yin World. These fellows were waiting for him to come, right?
Previously, he had been too naive. He had planned to give 30% of the treasures in the underground palace to Rao An, 30% to Luo Zheng, and 40% to himself. Now, it seemed that he had been dreaming. With so many people entering, who knew what they would be able to snatch!
However, Ai Hu had no power or influence. Now that the underground palace's door had opened, he couldn't possibly chase away the three Saint Lords with his strength alone, right? If he had the strength to do so, there would be no need for him to enter the underground palace.
Seeing Ai Hu's depressed expression, Luo Zheng patted his shoulder lightly and said, "There's still a chance."
In any case, these Sector Lords couldn't enter. How could mere Sifting Yin World's geniuses compete with Luo Zheng and Ai Hu's talents?
Of course, there was still a chance. However, when he thought about how the opportunity that originally belonged to him was snatched away by these fellows, Ai Hu's heart was still unhappy. However, he was also a person who could rise and fall with ease. He prepared to enter the underground palace first with Luo Zheng and Mu Mingxue.
Unexpectedly, just as they were about to enter the underground palace, the Demon Race's Saint Lord coldly snorted. He waved his coarse hands and an invisible force bound Luo Zheng, Ai Hu, and Mu Mingxue. "I don't know which corner these small fries came from, but you still want to snatch in front of my Demon Race?"
Under the invisible force's binding, the three of them were unable to move!
Ai Hu's face suddenly turned blood red. A wave of blood rushed into his face. He was the one who opened the door, yet he was still behind. This was too much.
However, that invisible force wasn't something they could resist. No matter how Ai Hu struggled, he couldn't move an inch!
Seeing Ai Hu's struggling appearance, a faint smile hung on the Demon Race's Saint Lord's face. If he didn't have this agreement with the other two Holy Lands, he would've already killed them. In the eyes of the Demon Race's Saint Lord, Luo Zheng, Ai Hu, and the others only needed to be the keys to the underground palace. Whatever happened next had nothing to do with them.
When the Human Race's Saint Lord saw this scene, he didn't say anything to stop it. As long as the Demon Race's Saint Lord didn't kill them, it wouldn't be considered breaking the rules …
Being suppressed by the Demon Race's Saint Lord's invisible force, Luo Zheng's brows tightly furrowed. Suddenly, the power of the dragon scales in his body burst out. He stared at the invisible force and raised his foot!
The Demon Race's Saint Lord had the cultivation of a Sector Lord. However, due to historical reasons, the Sifting Yin World didn't have a Sector Lord. Therefore, the Demon Race's Saint Lord was considered a "Quasi-Sector Lord". He had the cultivation of a Sector Lord, but didn't have the true ability of a Sector Lord. He was a Quasi-Sector Lord, just like the Spirit Martial Holy Land's Saint Lord in the Spiritual Communication World. Strictly speaking, he was also a Quasi-Sector Lord.
Although the invisible force used to bind Luo Zheng and the others was only casually released, the Demon Race's Saint Lord was still a Sector Lord. He was ranked in the top three in this world. His invisible force was almost unimaginable.
Ai Hu struggled madly to the side, but he couldn't break free from the bindings of the invisible force.
However, Luo Zheng activated the dragon scales one by one. As the surging power poured into his body, he resisted the Demon Race's Saint Lord's invisible force and walked towards the entrance of the underground palace …