This brat, who had just entered the Divine Sea Realm, was actually able to break free from his restraining power?
At this moment, the Demon Race's Holy Lord suspected that he was seeing things!
Just now, when he used the Binding Force, it seemed to be very simple, but it was like a giant stretching out his finger and pressing down on a small reptile. Perhaps some small reptiles were stronger than ordinary ones, but if they wanted to break free from his finger, it would be wishful thinking!
Luo Zheng was like a little bug. Although there was a huge force pressing down on him, it didn't stop him. He forced himself to walk towards the entrance of the underground palace!
It wasn't just the Demon Race's Holy Lord. At this moment, even the Demon Race's Holy Lords and the Human Race's Holy Lords had strange expressions on their faces. Clearly, they hadn't expected this to happen …
"Interesting." The Demon Race's Holy Lord smiled coldly. He was competing with Luo Zheng. He raised his hand and pressed down on Luo Zheng with his thick finger.
At the same time, an even stronger restraining power enveloped Luo Zheng's body! The Demon Race's Holy Lord had intentionally used this power, and he was only using it on Luo Zheng. The strength of this power was naturally several times stronger than before!
Luo Zheng's eyes narrowed slightly, and he released all the dragon scales in his body. The power of more than ten thousand dragon scales was completely activated.
Under everyone's gazes, Luo Zheng's body only paused for a moment. A series of crackling sounds came from Luo Zheng's body, and his body expanded a bit. Then, he took another step forward.
"Heh!" The Demon Race's Holy Lord was now competing with Luo Zheng. He didn't believe that this brat, who was only at the Divine Sea Realm, could really overpower his finger. After gathering his strength, he pressed down on Luo Zheng's head with his palm.
"Ye Xiao, you're a Holy Lord, yet you're competing with a junior. You're losing the limelight …"
The Human Race's Holy Lord couldn't bear to watch any longer. He waved his hand and dispersed the Demon Race's Holy Lord's enormous strength.
When the enormous strength wasn't dispersed, Luo Zheng immediately felt his body lighten. The Human Race's Holy Lord also dispersed the strength that was suppressing Ai Hu and Mu Mingxue.
Hearing this, the Demon Race's Holy Lord chuckled. "It's not a competition. I just feel that this brat is somewhat interesting!"
The Human Race's Holy Lord had a trace of a smile. When he attacked, he felt that Luo Zheng 'potential. After exploring the underground palace, he planned to bring this brat into the Yulan Holy Land.
Since there was no one stopping Luo Zheng and the rest, they quickly walked towards the entrance of the underground palace. Nearby, Rao An's eyes flickered. With a smile plastered on his face, he loudly said, "Brother Ai Hu, wait for me!"
Rao An understood that if he didn't go in now, he wouldn't have a chance to go in under the watchful eyes of the Holy Lords. Although he was calling out affectionately, the others probably wouldn't stop him.
As for Hou Da, he was almost scared out of his wits. However, when he saw Rao An follow, he naturally wouldn't fall behind. He followed closely behind Rao An.
This time, the four of them were the first group to enter the underground palace of the Sifting Yin World.
Then, the Demon Clan, the Night Demon Clan, and the Human Clan's cultivators all followed behind them and entered the underground palace.
In front of the entrance to the underground palace, there was a dark yellow barrier. This barrier had been there for an unknown period of time, but it was still working.
This barrier didn't stop Luo Zheng. The moment he stepped into the barrier, he easily passed through it. Ai Hu also passed through, followed by Mu Mingxue, Rao An, Hou Da …
The moment Luo Zheng passed through the barrier, he stepped on empty air and fell straight down.
In front of him was a bottomless abyss!
It wasn't just Luo Zheng. Ai Hu, Mu Mingxue, Hou Da, Rao An, and the others were also in the same situation …
When ordinary cultivators encountered such a situation, they would habitually circulate their True Origin Energy in an attempt to stabilize themselves in the air and stop the crazy momentum of their fall!
However, Mu Mingxue, Ai Hu, and the others also tried to reverse the momentum of their fall and float in the air. However, under the circulation of their True Origin Energy, it was useless.
Hou Da even used the Law of Wind to brew a powerful storm below him. Relying on his understanding of the Law of Wind, he used the wind to lift himself up, but it was still useless …
As for Luo Zheng, he went one step further. His figure flashed, and he grabbed Mu Mingxue. Then, he took a step forward and tried to pass through space. However, the result was very strange. He had clearly used the Law of Space and passed through space, but the moment he passed through space, he and Mu Mingxue's position didn't increase. Instead, it decreased!
"Why is it so strange?" Ai Hu couldn't help but ask. At this moment, everyone tried various methods, but no one succeeded. Everyone kept falling down.
"Ah …"
"What's going on …"
At the same time, Luo Zheng heard a cry from above. He looked up and saw that the cultivators sent by the three Holy Masters were also falling down …
Seeing this scene, Luo Zheng's mood calmed down. "Xun, what's going on?"
"Hey," Xun revealed an unprecedented mischievous smile, "I just wanted to give you a surprise. Welcome to the Abyss of Reincarnation!"
"The Abyss of Reincarnation?"
"Yes, this Abyss of Reincarnation was built by the ancient Celestial Venerables. You can't fly in this abyss, you can only fall!" Xun's smile disappeared in an instant, and then she resumed her indifferent expression.
"But, are we just going to keep falling like this?" Luo Zheng asked.
"More or less. Anyway, you won't die …" Xun replied.
When they first fell to the bottom of the abyss, they fell at an accelerated speed, but this speed stabilized after reaching a certain limit.
When everyone started to fall, they were at a loss and panicked. After a while, they got used to the falling state. However, when they looked at the black abyss, they still felt uncertain. When would this fall end?
However, the weakest cultivator who entered the underground palace this time was at the Divine Sea Realm, and most of them were at the Divine Realm. They were not afraid of falling to their deaths, but out of fear of the unknown, they were still a little anxious. Who knew what they would encounter at the bottom of the abyss?
Amidst this anxiety, everyone continued to fall.
The whistling sound of the wind blew past everyone's ears. They had been falling like this for the time it took for an incense stick to burn …
As Luo Zheng fell, he looked at the environment in the abyss. He didn't know what kind of magical power the ancient Celestial Venerables had used, and why he had built such a strange abyss.
Even a Celestial Venerables would have to spend a lot of effort to build this Abyss of Reincarnation.
Unable to think of an answer, he could only ask Xun.
"I don't know." Xun's answer was straightforward. "100,000 years ago, when I explored this abyss, my cultivation was just at the Divine Realm. Even if I entered this underground palace to explore, I didn't know all the secrets. The origin of this ancient Celestial Venerables is extremely mysterious. So far, no one has guessed his identity … However, since this ancient Celestial Venerables spent so much effort to arrange his place of death, the only possibility is that he wanted to select one of his successors. However, this is just an inference."
After all, it was too long ago. No one knew what kind of calamity this ancient Celestial Venerables had gone through to arrange such an underground palace.
"Be careful. If I remember correctly, the first trouble of the Abyss of Reincarnation is coming," Xun reminded Luo Zheng.
Luo Zheng focused his eyes and looked down. He found that there were dark green vines at the bottom of the abyss. These vines were as thick as an arm and densely distributed at the bottom of the abyss.