There was still a slight difference in the speed at which everyone was falling.
After falling for a while, everyone found that although they couldn't fly, they could change their figures and adjust their falling speed.
If they put their heads down, their limbs would shrink, and their falling speed would naturally be faster.
If they stretched their limbs, their clothes would flutter, and their falling speed would be slightly slower.
At this moment, everyone was uncertain, so they tried their best to adjust their falling speed. Everyone gathered together!
Falling at such a high speed, he rushed into the dense vines.
On the surface of these vines, a mysterious power of the Law of Life emerged. They seemed to have their own thoughts. When Luo Zheng and the others were surrounded by these vines, the vines turned into long whips and lashed out at them!
"Pa! Pa! Pa … "
Under the whipping of those vines, a loud sound broke out, like the explosion of firecrackers!
Except for Luo Zheng, all the cultivators immediately condensed their Protective True Essence. Most of the cultivators of the Demon Race cultivated their bodies, so they condensed their Protective True Essence!
However, the power contained in these vines was far beyond everyone's imagination …
As the vines lashed out, the cultivators' Protective True Essence was instantly shattered, and they were slammed into the abyss wall, then continued to fall …
Unfortunately, everyone couldn't fly, nor could they adjust their position. They couldn't even dodge!
These vines seemed to contain a special kind of power. This power had an extremely strong penetrating power. No matter what treasure was used or what cultivation method was used, these vines would always be able to directly penetrate and whip the body of a cultivator. The pain that was transmitted was indescribable. It was as if these vines weren't just whipping the body, but also directly whipping the soul!
As a result, miserable screams echoed in the abyss, one after another. Every cultivator who was whipped by these vines had their faces completely distorted!
Facing the whipping of these vines, Luo Zheng was the only one who looked very calm.
Although the whipping power of these vines was very strong, it was wishful thinking to think that they could break his Divine Artifact Body. This whipping only made him feel dizzy, and as a warm current flowed through his body, it was easily resolved.
However, when he looked back, he saw that Mu Mingxue was also being whipped by those vines. Her figure was completely out of control and tumbling in the air.
Mu Mingxue was very weak before. When facing those Black Eating Moths, she was so frightened that she could barely control herself. She could only hold on to Luo Zheng tightly, but at this time, she was very strong. Her face was pale, but in the face of those vines' whipping, she didn't even groan!
After ascending, Mu Mingxue's state of mind also experienced great ups and downs. Although she didn't know what kind of fate Luo Zheng had and what kind of future he had, everything that happened along the way made her deeply understand that following Luo Zheng was absolutely the right choice, even if it meant being a slave or a maid!
She didn't want to cause trouble for Luo Zheng, but when the danger in front of the underground palace gate just now, she inevitably became a burden to Luo Zheng!
Although Luo Zheng didn't say anything, Mu Mingxue blamed herself in her heart. She could only blame herself for not being strong enough …
The pain of being whipped by the vines directly seeped into her soul. However, in order to not worry Luo Zheng, or rather, to avoid Luo Zheng's disdain, she clenched her teeth tightly and endured the pain. She did not even let out a groan.
Seeing this scene, Luo Zheng smiled slightly. He stretched out his four limbs and slowed down his falling speed. He quickly approached Mu Mingxue and pulled her into his arms.
Mu Mingxue was trying her best to endure the whipping of these vines. When she was suddenly hugged, she was slightly stunned. Only then did she realize that Luo Zheng was hugging her. Her beautiful face was dyed with a touch of red.
"Let go of me," Mu Mingxue subconsciously struggled.
Luo Zheng shook his head indifferently. "It's okay. My skin is rough and my flesh is thick. It's okay to whip me a few more times …"
Mu Mingxue pursed her lips and carefully twisted her body. She didn't dare to struggle anymore. When she was hugged by Luo Zheng, the whipping of the vines was blocked by Luo Zheng. Although she escaped the whipping of these vines, Luo Zheng was actually whipped!
The screams around them were transmitted to Mu Mingxue's ears. Whether it was the warriors from the Demon Clan, the warriors from the Human Clan, or Ai Hu and the others, every time they were whipped by the vines, their faces would show extreme pain and they would let out shrill screams …
Although Mu Mingxue felt a little embarrassed being hugged by Luo Zheng, she didn't know why, but she suddenly felt a little happy in her heart.
Ever since she ascended, her original longing for the Upper Realm was completely shattered. Her mood also plummeted. However, there was no medicine for regret in this world. Since she chose to ascend, she didn't have the ability to return to the Lower Realm.
It was only at this time that she suddenly realized that the path she chose to ascend might be the right one. Perhaps this was God's plan. She met Luo Zheng at the Well of Ascension and then followed Luo Zheng by chance …
After many warriors fell into this abyss covered with vines, they were whipped by these vines for a full two hours!
It wasn't until two hours later that the crowd finally left the area covered with vines. The bottom of the abyss once again appeared empty.
However, everyone's expressions were extremely ugly …
That kind of pain wasn't something an ordinary person could endure. Even if they were at the Divine Sea Realm, the Ultimate God Realm warriors' hearts were abnormally strong. Their ability to endure pain was also far stronger than ordinary warriors. However, this test was like a nightmare.
"Damn it, what the hell is this underground palace!" A warrior from the Demon Clan roared. Even though the Demon Clan was famous for their rough skin and thick flesh, they were completely helpless after being whipped by those vines!
"I heard from the Holy Lord that this Abyss of Samsara has no bottom. If you want to obtain benefits, you have to reincarnate again and again. Every time you reincarnate, you can obtain a part of the ancient Heavenly Lord's inheritance …" Another warrior from the Demon Clan said.
Xun wasn't the only one who had entered this underground palace. In fact, Xun had entered this underground palace through the sixth "snake head". This time, it was the seventh "snake head". The underground palace had been opened five times before, so there were six broken "snake heads" on the nine-headed snake statue.
Luo Zheng's gaze was still fixed below. Since Xun had said that this was a chance for him to improve himself, he would persevere without hesitation. He was very confident in his talent. However, just as Xun had said, compared to the many geniuses from the Upper Realm, Luo Zheng didn't lack talent, but a huge amount of resources.
Therefore, at every step in the Upper Realm, Luo Zheng would try his best to collect resources and make himself stronger quickly!
While he was thinking, he heard a timid voice. "Luo Zheng, can you let go of me …?"
Hearing this voice, Luo Zheng remembered that they had already passed through those vines. There was no need to protect Mu Mingxue.
Thus, he loosened his wrist and gently pushed Mu Mingxue away from his arms. He smiled awkwardly. "Sorry."
Mu Mingxue's face was slightly red, but then she smiled slightly. Staring at Luo Zheng's awkward expression, she felt a burst of interest in her heart. She thought to herself that no matter how difficult the abyss in this underground palace was, she would follow closely behind Luo Zheng.
Everyone maintained a constant speed as they continued to fall downwards.
Since they had just entered the underground palace, they had already fallen a distance of more than a million feet …
They didn't know when it would end, but after experiencing the whipping of those vines, their hearts were even more vigilant!
At this time, Luo Zheng asked Xun, "What will we encounter if we go further down?"
"Hmm? Let me think … After all, it's been a hundred thousand years. My memory is a bit blurry. "Xun hesitated for a moment before saying," If I remember correctly, the second round is the Knife Mountain Punishment! "
"Knife Mountain Punishment?"
Of course, Luo Zheng didn't know what that was, but when he heard the name, a bad feeling arose in his heart.
＝＝＝＝＝