All the warriors who entered the Abyss of Reincarnation hoped to obtain great benefits in this underground palace!
However, after experiencing those strange vines, these warriors understood that the benefits in this underground palace were not so easy to obtain.
Although most of the cultivators had withstood the vines' whips, apart from Luo Zheng and Mu Mingxue, most of them had suffered some minor or severe internal injuries. Moreover, the vines' whips had cast a shadow over many of the cultivators' hearts.
The first wave of the Abyss of Reincarnation was already so difficult to endure. The following trials would probably be even more difficult!
It must be known that these warriors were only geniuses from the three tenth-rank Holy Lands of the Sifting Yin World.
Whether it was the Human Clan's Yulan Holy Land, the Yao Ye Clan's Purple Bamboo Holy Land, or the Demon Clan's Holy Lands, they were not particularly important Holy Lands in their own clans.
Among the geniuses sent by the three clans, only a small portion were Divine Sea Realm warriors. Most of them were Divine Extreme Realm warriors. Their strength might be slightly higher, but their talent was far from comparable to the geniuses of the Thirteen Palaces.
Moreover, it would be good if they could obtain some opportunities to strengthen themselves after entering the Abyss of Reincarnation, but the treasures they obtained would definitely have to be handed over to the Holy Lands. Currently, many warriors were thinking of retreating …
The problem was that as soon as they stepped into the abyss, they fell straight down. In addition, they could not fly, so there was no way they could return.
Just as everyone was feeling very depressed, they saw purple dots of light floating in the air below the abyss.
These purple light spots were in a relatively stationary state, but because everyone was rapidly descending, it seemed as if the purple light spots were rapidly rushing towards them.
"These dots of light, what are they?"
Someone with sharp eyes and agile hands reached out and grabbed a purple dot of light while falling.
"Hey! This is a Divine Rune … "
"An extremely ancient Divine Rune!"
"It seems that these purple dots of light can help us return to the entrance!" A warrior cried out excitedly.
Luo Zheng and Mu Mingxue also grabbed a purple dot of light. The moment they grabbed it, an indescribable consciousness came from the dot of light. They instantly understood the function of this dot of light.
"Return …"
Luo Zheng grabbed the light spot and smiled. He reached out his hand and gently squeezed it, crushing it.
It seemed like the Primordial Heavenly Venerate hadn't really wanted to lure martialists into the Samsara Abyss. Although the Samsara Abyss was filled with danger, the Primordial Heavenly Venerate had still given them a chance to regret …
Some of the martial artists who had originally wanted to withdraw were naturally ecstatic after they understood the uses of these divine runes. They had originally been worried about how to withdraw, but now that such divine runes had appeared in front of them, how could they not be happy?
Thus, they quickly activated the Divine Runes in their hands!
"Buzz buzz buzz …"
Soon, a faint purple light shrouded their figures, and at the same time, they stopped falling. Then, at an extremely fast speed, they turned into purple escape lights and flew up into the sky!
In the blink of an eye, the number of martial artists in the Abyss of Samsara had decreased by half!
Luo Zheng's gaze fell on Mu Mingxue, who was holding a purple dot of light. He asked, "What do you plan to do?"
Hearing Luo Zheng's words, Mu Mingxue's expression turned slightly serious.
Frankly speaking, Mu Mingxue didn't want to add even the slightest bit of trouble to Luo Zheng. Just like this trip to the Asura Yin World, in order to prove her value, she studied the information of the Asura Yin World day and night, just so that she could provide some help when Luo Zheng asked.
Mu Mingxue could absorb these details to supplement her knowledge, but cultivation and strength could only be slowly accumulated day by day.
She would only bring trouble to Luo Zheng if she stayed in the Abyss of Samsara. Thus, when she learned that these purple dots of light could allow her to return, her first reaction was to leave.
However, after thinking for a while, Mu Mingxue didn't activate the divine rune. She just flipped her hand and put away the purple dot of light. "I want to hold on for a while!"
Although there was danger, Mu Mingxue still wanted to see how long she could persevere in the Abyss of Samsara!
In fact, Mu Mingxue herself had also noticed that her temperament seemed to be affected by Luo Zheng. Her self-confidence was also recovering bit by bit. As long as she stayed by Luo Zheng's side, she could feel Luo Zheng's eternal self-confidence. The people around him were also easily infected by Luo Zheng's self-confidence, and similarly became self-confident!
"En!" Luo Zheng nodded. "Then I'll hold on!"
The remaining half of the cultivators didn't activate the divine rune. However, the majority of the cultivators did the same as Mu Mingxue. They didn't crush the purple divine rune, but put it away. If they couldn't pass the following test, or if their lives were in danger, they could still choose to activate the divine rune.
However, there was one person who did the same as Luo Zheng. It was Ai Hu. The moment he received the purple dot of light, he understood that the divine rune was telling him to return. With a casual pinch, he crushed the divine rune!
Ai Hu carried an intense hatred on his back. That Empyrean Feng Nu had almost killed him. Facing such an opponent, Ai Hu was willing to risk everything. He wanted to increase his cultivation as much as possible before the Illusory Battlefield opened. This opening of the underground palace was the greatest opportunity in his life. He wouldn't allow himself to have any thoughts of giving up!
Everyone continued to rapidly fall. After passing through the purple dot of light, about an incense stick's worth of time later, a thin white line suddenly appeared at the bottom of the abyss!
That thin line stretched across the center of the abyss, dividing the huge abyss into two, cutting it into two semicircles.
"What is that?" someone asked.
Because they were still far away, no one could clearly see what this thin white line was …
But as they got closer and closer, someone shouted, "Saber! It's a huge saber! "
Luo Zheng's eyes flashed slightly. It was indeed a saber. Because the blade was facing upwards, everyone could only see a white line flickering with cold light.
However, it was just a huge saber in the abyss. It wasn't a threat to everyone. After all, no one would be stupid enough to run into it.
However, when the first saber appeared in the abyss, a second one soon appeared. This second saber was also in the abyss, but only half of the blade was exposed.
Looking at the flickering blade, everyone felt a faint chill in their hearts. However, they could still easily avoid it by slightly tilting their bodies.
"Is this the Saber Mountain Punishment?" Luo Zheng asked Xun.
Xun smiled faintly, "Continue down and you'll know!"
As soon as her voice fell, three more sabers appeared in the abyss, forming a small angle!
Although the number of giant sabers had increased, there was still a lot of space for the cultivators to dodge due to the sheer size of the abyss. It was just that one person was careless and flew past one of the sabers, almost being cut in half by the saber.
However, as everyone went down, the number of sabers above the abyss increased!
Four sabers, five sabers, six sabers …
Everyone fell like this. Their bodies were in the air and there was no place for them to transfer their weight. Their bodies weren't very flexible. Even if they carefully avoided the sabers, they were still in danger.
"Ah —"
One of the warriors did not dodge in time, and one of his arms was chopped off by the blade. Droplets of blood splattered out, like a rain of blood spreading down!
Hearing the miserable scream, Mu Mingxue bit her lips and stared at the saber below. The fate of being cut by the saber was obvious. If she was just facing those strange vines, it was just a painful whipping. But now, she was risking her life!
She focused all her attention and tried her best to avoid those silver-white sabers.
However, like other warriors, it was very difficult for her to change direction in the air. She was very inflexible …
Thinking of this, Mu Mingxue suddenly had an idea. Looking at the wall of the abyss, she turned her body and slowly approached the wall.
Seeing Mu Mingxue's movement, Luo Zheng's eyes revealed a puzzled look. At the same time, Xun's voice sounded, "Hehe, that girl is smart. She discovered this little trick so quickly."