The walls of this abyss were very smooth, and there was nothing to cling to.
Previously, there were also cultivators who tried to break the abyss walls, wanting to smash a large hole in the abyss walls, but after trying once, they found that they had thought too much.
On the abyss walls, there was also a faint layer of enchantment. That enchantment was not obvious, but with the strength of this group of cultivators, it was impossible to break that enchantment …
However, Mu Mingxue did not want to cling to the abyss walls. Instead, she moved her body as close to the abyss walls as possible, maintaining a distance of about one foot from the abyss walls. When she saw several giant blades appear at the bottom of the abyss, she slapped the abyss walls with her palm, using the recoil to control her direction in the abyss, and then accurately avoided the giant blades!
Seeing Mu Mingxue's approach, Luo Zheng's eyes lit up slightly.
Everyone fell from the sky and could not fly, so it was very difficult for them to avoid the giant blades. If they could not dodge in time, they would be directly cut by the blades. This method was effective!
Now, the cultivators who were willing to stay in this abyss were all people with strong willpower. Facing the giant blades that flashed with a biting cold light, everyone felt a little scared, but they all gritted their teeth and persevered. When they saw Mu Mingxue's method, they immediately followed suit and adjusted their positions to get closer to the abyss walls!
Thus, in this abyss, there was such a scene. All the martial artists were clinging to the walls of the abyss. Every time a wave of sabers appeared, these martial artists would strike the abyss wall. Some martial artists used their legs to stomp on the abyss wall, and some martial artists used their hands to strike the abyss wall, using this as a pretext to avoid wave after wave of sabers.
However, as the crowd continued to fall, the number of blades also increased. At first, there were only two or three giant blades that were intricately placed on the walls of the abyss. Later on, there were seven, eight, and even ten blades that were placed together. The space left for the crowd to squeeze through was also getting smaller and smaller!
"Puff!"
Luo Zheng stretched out his hand and gently slapped the abyss walls, moving a distance of two to three feet. His goal was a gap in the middle of these blades. That gap was about five to six feet in size, which was enough for Luo Zheng to pass through.
But just as Luo Zheng adjusted his position and prepared to rush into that gap, a loud "Puff" sound came to his ears. It was a Demon Clan cultivator who suddenly hit the abyss wall on the other side. Under the force of the reaction, he was like an elephant, going straight for the gap in the middle!
Luo Zheng and the Demon Clan cultivator fell to the same height. If they fought for that gap, one of them would inevitably be squeezed out.
But the problem was that Luo Zheng was the first to exert his strength. The strength of his palm that hit the abyss wall was not very strong. If the strength was too strong, he was afraid that his whole body would have directly hit the other side of the abyss wall … The reason he reserved his strength was naturally to adjust his position so that he could squeeze into the gap.
But this Demon Clan cultivator was different. He arrived after Luo Zheng. Seeing that Luo Zheng was flying towards the gap, the Demon Clan cultivator fiercely smashed his fists on the abyss wall. His whole body was like a small mountain, directly crashing towards Luo Zheng!
After many cultivators adjusted their positions, they also aimed their bodies at the gaps formed by the intricate blades below. Without moving, everyone would automatically fall into those gaps. Suddenly hearing such a loud noise, everyone's eyes shifted over!
"Luo Zheng! Be careful! "Mu Mingxue, who was below, was shocked when she saw this scene!
"Haha, get out of my way!" The Demon Clan cultivator sneered. After adjusting his direction, he even directly used his shoulder to crash into Luo Zheng!
This Demon Clan Divine Realm cultivator was tall and sturdy like a mountain. Moreover, there was a golden skull ram on his shoulder. Ignoring the dense blades below, if Luo Zheng was hit by this ram, his whole body would probably be smashed to pieces!
The other cultivators looked at Luo Zheng, a trace of pity on their faces. To be targeted by a Demon Clan cultivator in this abyss, this Luo Zheng was really unlucky!
This Demon Clan cultivator was also one of the top geniuses of the tenth-grade Holy Land. In addition, his Divine Realm cultivation was an entire stage higher than Luo Zheng's. Many cultivators could already imagine this kid's fate.
But at this moment, the Demon Clan Holy Lord's face suddenly changed. He couldn't help but curse, "You idiot!"
Although these Holy Lords couldn't enter the Abyss of Samsara, they still had a panoramic view of every movement in this abyss. This Demon Clan Holy Lord had just tested Luo Zheng's strength. The strength that Luo Zheng had erupted with had left a deep impression on this Demon Clan Holy Lord. He had used his finger to press down twice in a row, but he still couldn't suppress Luo Zheng! He was also very familiar with Luo Zheng's strength. Not to mention the Divine Sea Realm, in terms of strength alone, ordinary Divine Realm cultivators were far from being his opponent.
In fact, all the cultivators of the three tenth-grade Holy Lands were present. That You Hu had also witnessed the entire process. However, Demon Clan cultivators had always been arrogant and reckless. Perhaps it was because of Luo Zheng's performance that he deliberately sought out Luo Zheng!
The Demon Clan Holy Lord was also somewhat regretful. He understood the temperament of these Holy Lands' brats, but he didn't expect that You Hu would find trouble with Luo Zheng at this time. If he had known earlier, he would have warned them before entering the underground palace. If You Hu found trouble with Luo Zheng like this, he was afraid that he would suffer a great loss!
At this time, Luo Zheng was already above the gap. Facing the incoming You Hu, Luo Zheng's gaze slightly swept behind him. After locking onto another gap, his expression became serious. A majestic force quickly gathered in his body.
At this moment, You Hu leaned sideways, aimed the skull on his shoulder at Luo Zheng, and fiercely rammed over!
"Bang!"
Although it was a physical collision, the sound of the collision was as loud as thunder!
The moment You Hu collided with Luo Zheng, his bell-sized eyes widened. He watched helplessly as the golden skull on his shoulder shattered with a loud bang. This was a second-grade divine tool! He had even used this skull to ram a twelfth-grade Ferocious Beast to death. How could it be shattered by this human brat?
However, You Hu's biggest problem wasn't the shattering of the skull. When he and Luo Zheng collided, both of them were pushed back by the force of the collision. At this time, everyone, including Luo Zheng and You Hu, were rapidly falling. They were already very close to the giant blade.
Because of this collision, both of them were far away from the gap in the middle of the blade. You Hu wanted to adjust and find another gap, but it was already too late. Looking at the blade below him that was emitting a cold light, You Hu's face revealed a trace of despair. But before he lost all hope, he instantly activated the purple light in his body. He hoped that he could return to the underground palace through this divine rune before he was cut into pieces by the blade …
As for Luo Zheng, before he collided with You Hu, he had already calculated the force of the rebound. He and You Hu were like two colliding marbles. The moment Luo Zheng was repelled, he flew in another direction. And in that direction, there was another Demon Race cultivator!
That Demon Race cultivator had already adjusted his angle. He originally thought that he would be able to pass through this gap without any worries. Seeing Luo Zheng flying over, that Demon Race cultivator was stunned. He roared loudly, "You, you dare!"
"Bang …"
Not to mention the question of whether he dared or not, Luo Zheng himself couldn't control his momentum. He directly sent that Demon Race cultivator flying, while his body steadily stopped above the gap!
At this moment, the giant blades formed a deadly "net" and closed in on the crowd!
With the exception of Yu Hu and the other Demon Race warrior who had just been sent flying by Luo Zheng, all the others were facing the "mesh" of this "net", which was the gap between the blades, and passed through it without any worry.