All of this happened in less than a breath's time.
Yu Hu's body was embedded in the blades, but at this moment, he activated the divine rune used to return. His whole body was wrapped in purple light, and he was in a state of stillness. Then, the purple light pulled him out from the blades!
If it had been just a little bit later, Yu Hu's entire body would have been cut into pieces.
Even so, Yu Hu's injuries were not light. There were already several terrifying wounds on his body. More importantly, he had activated the divine rune, so there was no chance for him to return to the Abyss of Samsara!
As one of the top geniuses of the Demon Race's Holy Land, Yu Hu's heart was filled with unwillingness. Under the pull of the purple light, he roared at Luo Zheng, who was at the bottom of the abyss, "Boy … even if you can return alive, I can guarantee that you won't be able to leave the Asura Yin World …"
Compared to Yu Hu, the other Demon Race warrior was much more unlucky. That Demon Race warrior didn't expect that Luo Zheng would suddenly crash into him. Caught off guard, he didn't have the slightest reaction. His entire body was directly cut into several pieces by the two intersecting blades.
But the fall of this Demon Race warrior couldn't be blamed on Luo Zheng. It could only be blamed on Yu Hu, who was of the same race as him!
When everyone saw the miserable state of the two Demon Race warriors, they once again looked at Luo Zheng with a trace of caution on their faces.
This Luo Zheng was originally attacked by a sneak attack, but he made such a decision in an instant. Not only was he not injured, but he also caused one of the two genius Demon Race warriors to die and the other to be injured. Whether it was in terms of wisdom or strength, this guy was an opponent that couldn't be ignored!
And the most frightening thing was that this guy was only at the early stage of the Divine Sea Realm …
In view of the miserable state of the two Demon Race cultivators just now, many cultivators had restrained themselves a lot at this time, tolerating each other. If one of them occupied a gap, the other wouldn't push that person away, because if there was any mistake, it was likely that both sides would be cut to pieces!
About an hour later, the blades below finally disappeared. Just as everyone was thinking about what the next round of threats would be, someone shouted, "Below, there's a platform!"
Ever since everyone entered the underground palace and began to descend into the abyss, there was nothing in the abyss that could hold them up. At this moment, a platform suddenly appeared at the bottom, which immediately attracted everyone's attention!
"Get closer!" A golden-haired woman from the Yao Night Clan ordered.
The other Demon Night Clan cultivators adjusted their positions and slowly approached the protruding platform on the wall of the abyss.
In this exploration of the underground palace, the cultivators of the Demon Night Clan had performed the best. The other cultivators had bumped into each other, and it was inevitable that some of them had died or been injured. However, when the cultivators of the Demon Night Clan passed through the Mountain of Blades Punishment, not a single one of them had been injured!
"Let's go, too!" Luo Zheng said.
Mu Mingxue nodded. Then, Ai Hu, Hou Da, and the cultivators from the Human and Demon Holy Lands moved to the side!
"Crack!"
The first to reach the platform was the blonde woman from the Daydream Clan. Even though she was falling at such a high speed, she did not make much noise. Her body was perfectly coordinated, and she distributed her strength evenly between her feet, legs, and waist!
It wasn't just the blonde woman. All the other members of the Daydream Clan were doing the same …
When the human cultivators landed, they all used different methods. For example, Mu Mingxue crossed her hands, and cold air formed beneath her feet. Then, she formed cubes of ice beneath her feet. These cubes of ice were stacked layer upon layer, and when she landed on the platform, the ice beneath her feet shattered. Because of this, her falling speed was greatly reduced, and she landed safely on the platform.
As for the Demon Night Clan cultivators, they did not have the slightest idea of what to do. They relied on their powerful bodies to smash onto the platform!
"Rumble, rumble, rumble …"
Like meteorites, they smashed down one after another, causing the entire platform to shake.
Some cultivators were worried that these fellows would smash the platform to pieces. But even though they were worried, the Demon Night Clan cultivators had always been rude and overbearing, so they remained silent.
When Luo Zheng landed on the platform, his gaze swept across the protruding platform. At the end of the platform, there was a cave.
"This cave …" Luo Zheng was just about to ask when Xun spoke.
"This is the first reward of the Bottomless Abyss. But whether or not you can obtain it will depend on your own ability."
The blonde woman from the Daydream Clan had already led her clansmen into the cave.
When Luo Zheng heard Xun's words, he didn't hesitate and walked in front. Ai Hu, Mu Mingxue, and the others followed behind him. Everyone entered the cave in a single file.
The cave was relatively narrow, so it wasn't a problem for humans and Daydream Clan cultivators to pass through. When the burly Demon Night Clan cultivators passed through, their chests and backs were pressed against each other as they slowly squeezed through. The Demon Night Clan cultivators were naturally cursing nonstop.
"Huff, huff, huff …"
In addition, sharp roars continued to be transmitted from the depths of the cave. There were also gusts of strong wind blowing through the cave.
The gusts of wind actually contained some sort of rhythm, as if someone was playing a flute. The sound of the wind was different in pitch.
It wasn't surprising to encounter anything in the Bottomless Abyss, so although everyone was puzzled as to why there were gusts of wind in the cave and why there was such a strange rhythm, none of them asked anything and just continued forward.
Not long after, the originally narrow path suddenly opened up, and a huge cave appeared in front of them.
Luo Zheng swept his gaze around, and he estimated that this cave was most likely over 10,000 feet in diameter, and it was tall enough to accommodate 10 mountains.
Since the Primordial Heavenly Sovereign was able to create a bottomless abyss, it was normal for the cave to be so big.
Inside the cave, gusts of wind were flowing at terrifying speeds.
The gusts of wind didn't produce wind blades. Wind blades were produced under certain conditions. For example, a living being had to use the Law of Wind to condense them, or when the gusts of wind collided with each other, they would form wind blades of different shapes and sizes.
However, the gusts of wind in the cave were moving according to certain rules. Although the gusts of wind were fierce and contained an astonishing amount of Law of Wind, they didn't form wind blades.
"Look, what's that …"
"There seems to be a Rebirth Vine growing on the side of the cave!"
"It really is a Rebirth Vine!"
"Hehe, don't you see that? There's a Flowery Fire Spirit Grass growing on that stone pillar! "
"….."
Whether it was the Yao Ye Clan, the Human Clan, or the Demon Clan, when they discovered that the cave was filled with treasures, their eyes widened.
Even to a tenth rank Holy Land, these natural treasures could be considered as relatively precious existences!
"How do we get there? Can we fly over? "someone asked.
They weren't in the Abyss of Reincarnation, so some people tried to float in the air. However, they quickly discovered that they couldn't fly.
"If we can't fly, how are we going to get those things? Isn't this …" some cultivators grumbled.
The golden-haired woman from the Yao Ye Clan glanced around and said, "Over here!"
Everyone looked in the direction the golden-haired woman was pointing at and discovered that there was a row of naturally formed stone platforms on one side of the cave. Standing there, they could see the full appearance of the stone platforms.
There were over a hundred stone platforms in this row, and below every stone platform was a circular wind path.
After seeing these wind paths, everyone understood where the melodious sound of the wind came from. Gusts of wind swept out from these wind paths. When these gusts of wind rushed out from below the stone platforms, it sounded like someone was whistling. The stone platforms on these wind paths were of different lengths, so the sound they produced was also different. Therefore, it sounded like someone was playing a bagpipe.
The golden-haired woman from the Yao Ye Clan stood on one of the stone platforms and looked down at the wind paths. She said, "It seems like every wind path has a different path."
"That's right! If we follow these wind paths, we'll rush out in different directions, and the treasures we'll obtain will be different as well! "Another cultivator agreed with her conjecture.
Right at this moment, a human cultivator suddenly pointed at the top of the cave and cried out excitedly, "Look … What's at the top of the cave?"
＝＝＝＝＝