At the top of the huge cave's arched wall, there was a small crack in the rock, and within this crack, there was a withered vine hanging down.
This withered vine didn't seem to be anything special, but at the end of the vine was a thumb-sized seed. The seed was bright yellow in color, and its surface was extremely smooth. Who knew how long it had been hanging there?
Because it was quite far away, and because there were many strange flowers and plants in the cave, no one noticed this tiny seed.
However, as that cultivator shouted, he attracted everyone's attention.
There were all kinds of exotic flowers and herbs in this cave, which made everyone's eyes burn. Except for Ai Hu and Luo Zheng, most of the other cultivators came from the three great tenth-grade Holy Lands of the Asura Yin World.
The Sifting Yin World was lacking in resources, and they weren't as knowledgeable as the cultivators of the Thirteen Palaces. Every strange flower and plant in the cave was extremely attractive to them.
However, when everyone's eyes focused on the seed, they couldn't be described as' burning 'anymore. Everyone's eyes were practically spitting fire!
Even the Holy Lords of the three Holy Lands at the entrance of the underground palace revealed solemn expressions when they noticed the seed!
"If I'm not wrong, that's the seed of the World Tree!" A hint of greed flashed through the Holy Lord's eyes.
The Holy Lord of the Yulan Holy Land shook his head slightly. "Unfortunately, our cultivations have already reached the Divine level, and our inner worlds have already solidified. This sort of divine item is useless to us …"
The Holy Lord of the Night Demon Clan's Holy Land had an indifferent expression. "These juniors were able to obtain this seed because they were lucky. However, based on what I know, the seed of the World Tree has been hanging above the cave for countless years. The underground palace has been opened several times, but no one has been able to obtain it."
The underground palace had been opened six times, and the most recent time, a King of the Night Demon Clan had entered. The seed of the World Tree was a rare treasure in the universe, but even Xun hadn't been able to obtain it!
At that time, although Xun's cultivation wasn't high, she was already a King. She had led several times the elites of the Night Demon Clan, but she still hadn't been able to obtain the seed. It was unrealistic for these little fellows to think they could obtain it …
As such, in the eyes of the Demon Night Clan's Holy Lord, although the World Tree seed was attractive, it was nothing more than an illusion.
The three Saint Sovereigns fell silent once again. It was better to wait and see.
"This is the legendary World Tree. It can become the foundation of a martial artist and grow together with the inner world!"
"The World Tree's wondrous uses are definitely not limited to this. The World Tree seed can accumulate the power of the world. Even if it's just a tree seed placed in the inner world, it can still greatly increase a martial artist's strength!"
"If I use the Zhenyuan Sea in my body to irrigate it, when this tree grows, blooms, and bears fruit, it will give birth to even more tree species, and its might will increase countless times over …"
Many martial artists were very familiar with the World Tree's seeds!
It was not because this tree was very common. In fact, in the history of the universe, the World Tree had only appeared five times, and in those five times, two warriors had become Celestial Venerables!
There were many heavenly treasures in the universe. According to their uses, there were quite a lot of them.
But, the World Tree seed was different from many other heavenly treasures. Heavenly treasures that could directly affect one's inner world had a special classification called 'dantian treasures'.
As the name implied, the World Tree seed was a heavenly treasure that could be used in one's dantian.
To a martial artist, the inner world was a relatively independent world. Once the Divine Sea was opened, it could be used as a separate space. Many martial artists placed their own treasures into their inner worlds.
But, in comparison, the inner world was still an extremely weak existence. Normally, items and treasures placed inside would have to undergo a special process. Moreover, treasures like divine artifacts would not react with the inner world even if they were placed inside …
But, 'dantian treasures' like the World Tree seed were different. They could directly affect one's inner world. Anything that could be called a 'dantian treasure' was extremely rare in the universe and was absolutely a peak treasure!
The origins of things like the World Tree seed were unknown. Based on speculation, it was very likely to be a treasure passed down from the last evolution cycle. In other words, every time one was used, there would be one less. It was impossible for anyone to not be tempted by this item.
Now, the reaction of these martial artists could no longer be described as' tempted '. Instead, it could be described as' crazy '!
Every martial artist was rubbing their hands together. As long as they could obtain this World Tree seed, it would have a huge impact on their future …
Mu Mingxue stared at the World Tree seed and smiled. She turned to look at Luo Zheng and smiled. "Luo Zheng … can you get it?"
She was naturally concerned about the ownership of this World Tree seed. Mu Mingxue also understood that she could not compete with these martial artists. First of all, her cultivation was the lowest among these people. Moreover, these martial artists were all elite geniuses from tenth-grade Holy Lands. She definitely could not hope to win.
But hearing their heated discussion, Mu Mingxue also felt a faint sense of anticipation. She could not obtain it, but what about Luo Zheng?
"Move aside! Let me go first! "
At that moment, a burly Demon Race martial artist pushed aside the other martial artists and strode forward.
Those naturally formed stone platforms were connected by a small path at the edge of the cave. The Demon Race martial artist walked along the small path and looked at the World Tree seed at the top of the cave. Then, he looked at the row of stone platforms in front of him, a hesitant expression on his face.
The martial artists present roughly understood that there was a wind tunnel beneath each stone platform. As long as they jumped off a stone platform, they would definitely be sucked into the turbulent winds. The outcome of each stone platform would be different!
Since the ancient Heavenly Venerate had made such arrangements, there must be a turbulent wind tunnel beneath one of the stone platforms that could sweep a martial artist to the top!
The problem was that there were hundreds of stone platforms in front of them …
Stalagmites stood in great numbers in this cave. Every stalagmite had a rare treasure growing on it. If one walked up to any of the stone platforms and was swayed by the wind, they would probably be able to obtain something.
If it weren't for the World Tree seed at the top of the cave, there probably wouldn't be any hesitation. Everyone would have a chance to obtain one or even several rare treasures and be able to leave satisfied …
But now, compared to the World Tree seed, all the other rare treasures were simply trash!
This Demon Race martial artist could be considered a decisive individual. After hesitating for a moment, he clenched his teeth and rushed out!
He didn't choose a stone platform. Instead, he directly leapt into the air!
The moment he leaped out, his huge body was immediately swept into a turbulent current. The strength of the gale was so terrifying that his elephant-like body was like a leaf being swept up by the gale. He was light as a feather as he followed a fixed trajectory in the cave!
"This turbulent wind is rushing upwards!" A Demon Race martial artist excitedly roared.
The other martial artists immediately tensed up. There was only one World Tree seed and it had been picked by the Demon Race martial artist by sheer luck. The people behind him wouldn't have a chance.
However, just as they were feeling nervous, the wild wind turbulence that was originally lifting the Demon Race cultivator upwards suddenly swept downwards. The Demon Race cultivator simply didn't have the chance to resist. He could only be like a leaf, drifting into the depths of the cave with the wild wind …
Some of the warriors with excellent eyesight were able to see the Demon Clan warrior's face filled with unwillingness. Fortunately, when the Demon Clan warrior circled around a stone pillar, he reached out and grabbed a Heavenly Demon Fruit on the stone pillar. At least, he did not end up empty-handed.
With this Demon Race cultivator as an example, everyone became cautious. None of them were willing to casually take this step, all of them wanting to observe the rules of the situation first …
Luo Zheng leaned against the wall and looked at the World Tree seed at the top of the cave. He asked, "Is that seed very important?"
"Nonsense. Otherwise, why would I have asked you to accept Ai Hu's invitation? This World Tree seed is one of our goals. We must obtain it! "Smog replied with a tone that left no room for doubt.
"But … the chances of obtaining it aren't high." Luo Zheng shook his head.
His luck wasn't bad, but it wasn't good enough for him to get everything he wanted. Back when he was undergoing his tribulation, he had absorbed the Luck Destroying Yellow Snake. At that time, his luck was indeed heaven-defying and he could get everything he wanted. However, it only lasted for a short time. If he absorbed a few more Luck Destroying Yellow Snakes now, he was confident he could obtain the World Tree seed.