Since Xun said that she had a way, Luo Zheng didn't say anything else. He just stood to the side and watched.
Some of the cultivators knew that the chances of obtaining the World Tree Seed were very low, so they could only settle for the next best thing. They simply set their sights on other rare treasures.
After these cultivators chose their targets, they chose one of the stone platforms and jumped down. They floated along the wind path. As for whether or not they could obtain what they wanted, that would depend on their luck.
The blonde woman leading the Fiend Night Clan pondered for a moment before she also walked up a stone platform.
She wasn't in a hurry to jump down from the stone platform. Instead, she took out a small perfume pouch from her spatial ring. She reached out and gently touched the perfume pouch. A light pink perfume appeared from the perfume pouch.
Even though the wind was howling in the cave, the fragrance that floated out still seeped into everyone's nostrils. The fragrance was extremely refreshing.
Seeing this scene, everyone revealed a puzzled expression. What was this blonde woman trying to do?
"Heh, I did the same thing in the past. Someone must have taught her this method," Xun's voice sounded again.
Luo Zheng seriously watched the blonde woman's actions. He quietly said, "She … wants to check the direction of the wind?"
"Mm," Xun nodded.
When the pink fragrance mist floated into the wind path, it followed the wind path below the stone platform, leaving behind a pink trail!
The fragrance mist constantly twisted in the cave. After circling around several stalagmites, it changed directions in the air and floated to the other side of the cave …
"This way, we can see the path of the wind!"
"Testing it one by one, one will succeed. This is indeed a good method!"
Many cultivators were amazed by the intelligence of this woman from the Demon Night Clan. A few cultivators quietly moved closer to the stone platform. If the woman from the Demon Night Clan really managed to find out, they would be the first to jump into the wind path. There was only one World Seed, and no one was willing to give up on such a great opportunity.
"What should we do? Should I go up first? " Luo Zheng asked Xun. Since she knew the method to obtain the World Tree Seed, she naturally should go before others. If the Fiend Night Clan woman found it, the situation would become much more troublesome!
However, Xun smiled faintly. "It's alright. She won't be able to tell."
The golden-haired woman from the Fiend Night Clan moved very quickly. Every time she brushed her slender fingers across the sachet, a different colored fragrant mist would drift down. As she constantly changed stone platforms, the fragrant mist would draw colorful trails in the cave.
Not long after, she had tested over a hundred stone platforms with the fragrant mist. Every trajectory was imprinted in the minds of all the martial artists.
However, just as Kaoru had said, she did not test it out.
"What's going on?"
"Not a single wind tunnel leads to the top of the cave!"
"Then what's the meaning of hanging the World Tree Seed there? Are you kidding me? "
Naturally, no one could answer this question. The Ancient Empyrean had painstakingly built such an unimaginably large underground palace. What was his goal? So far, no one knew …
Most of the martial artists were unwilling to give up!
Although there were many rare treasures on the walls of the cave and on the stalagmites, none of the martial artists who had reached this step were people who would give up easily. If they had chosen to give up, they would have chosen to leave the underground palace when they faced Dao Shan Xing …
This was especially true for the martial artists from the three Holy Lands. They knew that in their own clans or factions, they were only considered peripheral characters. They were no match for the geniuses from the core great worlds.
However, everyone had embarked on the path of pursuing the pinnacle of martial arts. Faced with the World Tree Seed, no one would choose to give up!
Ai Hu's eyes flashed. After his earlier observation, he had already imprinted the trajectory of every wind tunnel in his mind. Since not a single wind tunnel led to the top, it meant that after jumping into the wind tunnel, they would have to change directions several times before they could obtain the World Tree Seed.
Everyone only had one chance. Whether they did it sooner or later, the situation would not make much of a difference!
"Brother Luo Zheng, I'll go first!" Ai Hu smiled faintly and chose a stone platform. Without any hesitation, he jumped down!
"Whoosh whoosh whoosh …"
After jumping down along the wind tunnel, Ai Hu finally felt the power of the gale!
The power of the Law of Wind contained within was so strong that he could not contend with it at all. The primordial Heavenly Venerate had cleverly used the position of the wind tunnels to prevent the gale from interfering with each other. Otherwise, when the gale intersected with each other, the wind blades that erupted would have torn everyone present to shreds!
He drifted along the path of the wind like a leaf without any important parts, moving quickly along the path.
When his figure approached a stone pillar, he conveniently grabbed a light yellow flower on the stone pillar with an extremely fast speed. This was the "Returning Truth Flower", and it was also an extremely rare heavenly treasure. It could be refined into a Returning Truth Pill, which could purify the true essence. It was already in the category of being extinct in the world!
This wind tunnel had been planned by Ai Hu in advance, and this Truth Returning Flower was also part of his consideration.
Just as Ai Hu grabbed the Truth Returning Flower, he violently struck the stone pillar. The explosive force forcefully pushed him from one Wind Path to another Wind Path!
At the same time, he gritted his teeth and a crack appeared between his eyebrows. A small green stone emitted a faint green light. He had opened the Jade Door Immortal Combat Technique.
After changing the wind path, Ai Hu did not stop at all. As his body rolled, he aimed at another stalagmite and abruptly stomped on it. His entire body was like a fish jumping in a river as he leaped upwards!
"Ah, that kid!"
"He's close to the World Tree!"
"Damn it, he got there first!"
If Ai Hu could see this, then he would change his direction several times in the cave, changing the wind path to get closer to the World Tree. The other martial artists might have figured it out as well, but they were still a little hesitant. Many people were hesitant because they wanted to see what the others would do!
Seeing Ai Hu getting closer and closer to the World Tree, those who had been watching naturally felt regret. If they had known earlier, they would have taken this step first …
"Whoosh whoosh …"
Ai Hu borrowed the strength of the wind to rush upward. Success seemed to be right in front of him.
However, at that moment, an invisible wind blew in from the side. It forcefully changed the direction of Ai Hu's movement and pushed his burly body in another direction.
Not long after, he landed on the opposite side of the cave. Looking at the World Tree, he clenched his teeth. His face was full of unwillingness.
As for the remaining cultivators, they sighed softly when they saw this. They were happy that Ai Hu did not take the World Tree. At least there was still a chance for them. However, Ai Hu's failure also proved that this hope was very slim!
With mixed feelings, one cultivator after another leaped into the wind path. They did their best to get their hands on the World Tree.
Some of them were lucky. They chose the wind path and changed the direction of the wind path correctly. However, they still failed to get their hands on the World Tree …
Not long after, most of the cultivators reached the other side of the cave. Only Luo Zheng, Mu Mingxue, Rao An, and a few others were left.
Rao An's face was gloomy!
He had planned this trip to the underground palace for a long time. However, he had never imagined that the underground palace would be like this. Although there were many opportunities in the underground palace, he had to rely on his own strength to fight for them. His strength was clearly insufficient here.
Helpless, he also leaped into the wind path. Whether he could get what he wanted would depend on his luck.
At that moment, Mu Mingxue glanced at Luo Zheng and said, "I'm going too."