As an Ascender, Mu Mingxue didn't have much ambition.
She didn't even recognize all the natural treasures in this cave. She only knew that the tiny World Tree at the top of the cave was an extraordinary item after listening to the discussions of others.
However, she didn't set her sights on the World Tree. Instead, she locked onto the side of the cave where there was an ice lotus exuding a chilling aura.
She majored in the Laws of Ice, so this ice lotus would be of great benefit to her. However, she didn't have much confidence in herself. After all, not all martial artists who had leapt into the Wind Dao had obtained what they wanted. There were even some martial artists who were empty-handed …
Seeing Mu Mingxue's expression, Luo Zheng smiled and encouraged her, "Do your best!"
Luo Zheng couldn't help Mu Mingxue too much with this kind of thing.
Hearing Luo Zheng's encouragement, Mu Mingxue nodded slightly. "Okay!"
She spread out her hands and released a gust of cold air. She was like a piece of paper kite, flying out along a path of wind.
Perhaps it was because she was a little flustered, but Mu Mingxue's petite body kept spinning as she fluttered along the wind path. After a while, she barely managed to stabilize her body.
At this moment, her beautiful eyebrows were slightly furrowed. In fact, she also understood that although this ice lotus was precious, it wasn't a life-or-death item for her. However, when she thought of Luo Zheng watching her from behind, Mu Mingxue became extremely serious. At the very least, she changed from "can't take it or not" to "must get it"!
"Another ten feet!"
Seeing that she was getting closer and closer to the ice lotus, Mu Mingxue's expression became more and more solemn. Although these wind paths didn't intersect with each other, she was still blown unsteadily by the wind.
"We're here!"
Seeing the ice lotus so close to her, Mu Mingxue suddenly stretched out her hand. However, at this time, she discovered that her body was being dragged to the other side by a gust of wind. Her hand, which was originally stretched out, was only two to three inches away from the ice lotus.
Mu Mingxue gritted her teeth, and an ice-blue ribbon appeared in her hand. She wrapped it around the ice lotus. As the ribbon tugged at the ice lotus, an extremely cold aura erupted. Only then did Mu Mingxue's face reveal a hint of joy. She had obtained the ice lotus in the end.
Whoosh whoosh whoosh …
Very soon, she arrived on the other side of the cave. She held the small ice lotus in her hand and examined it for a while. There were seven lotus seeds in the ice lotus. The ice lotus was formed naturally from the Laws of Ice. Just consuming the lotus seeds would bring great benefits to her.
Mu Mingxue looked at it admiringly for a while, then smiled at Luo Zheng, who was on the other side of the cave.
However, at this time, a burly figure walked toward her. It was a Demon Race cultivator. This Demon Race cultivator looked down at Mu Mingxue, and a trace of a sinister smile appeared on his face. "Ten Zhen Yuanyu, sell the ice lotus to me!"
When Mu Mingxue heard this, her expression changed slightly.
After ascending for so long, she had also dug mines. Naturally, she knew that ten Zhen Yuanyu was not worth mentioning in this universe. In addition, she was very fond of this ice lotus. How could she be willing to sell it?
However, this was a Demon Race cultivator at the Divine Realm. Whether it was cultivation or strength, he was much higher than Mu Mingxue!
"Ding dang …"
The Demon Race cultivator did not put Mu Mingxue in his eyes. He casually took out ten Zhen Yuanyu and threw them on the ground. He stretched out his huge hand, which was as big as a palm-leaf fan. "Give it to me!"
Mu Mingxue pursed her lips, and a trace of stubbornness appeared in her eyes. She took two steps back.
"I don't want to fight, but if you don't understand …" The Demon Race cultivator did not expect that Mu Mingxue would dare to refuse and was about to attack.
However, at this time, another burly figure blocked in front of Mu Mingxue. It was Ai Hu, who had also crossed the cave!
Along the way, Mu Mingxue had been following Luo Zheng. When encountering such a situation, Ai Hu naturally would not sit idly by.
However, when Ai Hu blocked in front of Mu Mingxue, the other Demon Race cultivators surrounded them. They formed a small mountain in front of Ai Hu and Mu Mingxue.
On the other side of the cave, there were quite a few human cultivators. Aside from Rao An and Hou Da, there were also the genius cultivators of the Yulan Holy Land. However, when they saw this scene, they did not attack. Instead, they acted as if this matter did not concern them. After all, neither Mu Mingxue nor Ai Hu were from the Yulan Holy Land.
As for the Demon Night Clan cultivators, they would not care about this matter at all …
Ai Hu's gaze was extremely calm. The Jade Gate Celestial Dipper on his forehead flashed with a faint green light. Although Ai Hu's strength was at the late stage of the Divine Sea Realm, and it was not difficult for him to defeat a Divine Realm cultivator, facing over ten Demon Race cultivators at the Divine Realm was still quite troublesome for him.
"Kid, if you understand the situation you're in, then move aside. I just want that Ice Lotus. It's not worth it to give up your life for it!" The leader of the Demon Race cultivators sneered.
Ai Hu did not move aside. He was a decisive person. The words of this Demon Race cultivator did not deter him at all. In his mind, he was only thinking about how to counterattack once the Demon Race cultivators attacked.
Mu Mingxue's face was deathly pale. There was a trace of unwillingness on her face. She looked at the Ice Lotus in her hand with reluctance. Suddenly, a voice sounded by her ear. Her eyes flashed, and she said with a calm expression, "You're right. It's a pity to give up my life for an Ice Lotus. I give up on this Ice Lotus!"
Ai Hu had a puzzled look on his face. However, when he turned his head, he saw Luo Zheng standing on a stone platform on the opposite side of the cave. Luo Zheng's expression was very calm, but Ai Hu could feel that there was a deep murderous intent hidden within this calmness!
From the looks of it, there was no need for Ai Hu to take action. Ai Hu stepped aside. As for the Demon Race cultivator, he chuckled as he caught the ice lotus. "Human Race woman, you're very smart!"
Mu Mingxue smiled. Her smile was very charming. However, these Demon Race cultivators did not know that her smile was not for them. She smiled because she heard Luo Zheng say, "Give the Ice Lotus to them. I'll deal with it later!"
Standing on the stone platform, Luo Zheng's eyes were as calm as water. These Demon Race cultivators were always reckless. However, he was not in a hurry to deal with this matter. That was why he asked Mu Mingxue to compromise for the time being.
His current goal was still the World Tree.
According to Xun's instructions, Luo Zheng chose the 72nd stone platform. The wind path below this stone platform was a relatively remote wind path.
Luo Zheng had observed that from beginning to end, not a single cultivator had chosen this wind path. The reason was very simple. When the blonde woman from the Fiend Night Clan tested the wind path with her fragrant mist, the wind path in this wind path flowed directly to the bottom of the cave.
Everyone's goal was to go up. Who would choose such a wind path that flowed downwards?
However, since Xun had said so, he chose to believe her unconditionally.
Currently, in the entire cave, there were only two or three cultivators who had not followed the wind path to the opposite side. Luo Zheng stood there and undoubtedly attracted the attention of many people.
"That kid seems to have chosen the most unreliable wind path!"
"It's useless. Some people like to take unconventional paths. However, the wind path's wind path flowed downwards. There's no chance at all!"
"Yes, I think so too …"
Due to Luo Zheng's previous performance, everyone couldn't help but discuss.
After making all the necessary preparations, Luo Zheng took a step towards the stone platform. His entire body merged with the fierce wind that blew out from the wind path.
"Whoosh whoosh whoosh …"
Following the wind!
Luo Zheng's body suddenly sank, falling at a 90 degree angle.
However, the wind path's wind path maintained a certain angle after falling for more than 200 feet. It slowly rose upwards.
Due to the extremely fast wind, in less than a breath's time, Luo Zheng had circled to the right side of the cave.
"Left!" Xun's cold and clear voice transmitted over.
After hearing Xun's voice, Luo Zheng seized the opportunity to hit a stalagmite on the left. His entire body rushed out of this wind path and into another wind path.
＝＝＝＝＝