Every wind path had a different trajectory, but they would all converge on the other side of the cave.
Luo Zheng wasn't the first cultivator to change wind paths. Ai Hu and a few other cultivators had also changed wind paths several times.
However, Luo Zheng's change of wind paths this time was completely incomprehensible to the other cultivators.
Whether it was Ai Hu or the other cultivators, they were all blindly charging upwards. Their goal was very clear: their only goal was the World Tree.
But this time, Luo Zheng's position was getting lower and lower as he switched from one wind tunnel to another ….
"Now, change again!" Smog's voice rang out again.
Next, Luo Zheng kicked off a towering stone pillar, once again breaking away from this wind path and changing his trajectory once more!
"Right side! Change! "
"Left side …"
Following Smog's series of commands, Luo Zheng almost completed an acrobatic performance that was too much for the eyes to take in!
His entire body relied on the direction of the wind to leap around the cave, but he always maintained his position at the bottom of the cave …
"This guy, is he here to perform acrobatics?" A cultivator stared blankly at Luo Zheng.
Although Luo Zheng had not been able to take away a single rare treasure so far, the way his figure flashed still caused many cultivators to silently admire him in their hearts. If it were them, it would probably be very difficult for them to make such a reaction, especially when they were being swept by a gust of wind.
After changing wind paths 13 times in a row, Luo Zheng actually arrived at the center of the cave.
When Luo Zheng rushed to the center, a strange phenomenon occurred.
At this time, Luo Zheng didn't advance or retreat. His entire body floated in the center, and around Luo Zheng, there seemed to be a slowly rising airflow. It wrapped around his entire body, and he slowly rose up, floating towards the World Tree at the top of the cave!
"This … What's going on?"
"This guy can't be flying by himself, right? It's clearly impossible to fly here! "
"It seems like there was originally a rising wind in that area, and it directly lifted Luo Zheng up!"
Seeing this scene, Mu Mingxue revealed an excited expression. The World Tree was so difficult that Mu Mingxue didn't even dare to think about it. It seemed like nothing could stump Luo Zheng!
Ai Hu's face also revealed an excited expression. Although he didn't obtain the World Tree, he had always been convinced by those stronger than him. For Luo Zheng to be able to accomplish this, only admiration remained in his heart!
As for the cultivators of the Sifting Yin World's Three Holy Lands, their eyes were about to spit fire........................................................
...........
In truth, the Holy Lord of the Demon Race's Holy Land very much wanted to send a voice transmission into the underground palace. He had to seize the World Tree!
His inner world had already solidified, so the World Tree was no longer of any use to him. But if he offered it up, he believed he would receive a decent return.
Since that kid had obtained the World Tree, he probably wouldn't foolishly keep it. He would definitely swallow it …
The Holy Lord of the Human Race's Holy Land's expression immediately became indifferent. His eyes revealed an unconcealable look of admiration. However, he was very puzzled. How in the world had this kid found this path?
There were hundreds of wind paths in this cave, and the changes were almost endless. But Luo Zheng had been able to accurately reach the center of the cave by changing the wind paths. He even knew that there was a gentle, slowly rising whirlwind there. This couldn't be a coincidence!
Luo Zheng also had this doubt in his heart.
When the whirlwind lifted him up, Luo Zheng asked, "Xun, how did you find this method?"
Xun smiled slightly. "When I first came to explore this cave, I already knew the principle behind it. I used the fragrant mist to outline the trajectories of the hundreds of wind paths. Only then did I discover that the wind paths in this cave were actually arranged according to the Nine Tunes Ten Winds Formation!"
The Nine Tunes Ten Winds Formation was an ancient formation. Back then, when Xun led a group of people into the underground palace, there were naturally people who recognized this formation. They quickly realized that if they wanted to obtain the World Seed, they had to enter the heart of the wind formation.
Although Xun had understood this wind formation at the time, she wasn't proficient in it. Although she saw the flaws deliberately left behind in the wind formation, she made a miscalculation while crossing the wind paths, and in the end, she floated to the opposite side of the cave ….
Xun felt very regretful that she couldn't obtain the World Tree. After leaving the underground palace, she carefully studied the Nine Tunes Ten Winds Formation. Although it had been a long time since they last encountered it, Xun had learned her lesson. Coupled with Luo Zheng's precise coordination, she easily passed through it!
Soon, Luo Zheng arrived at the top of the cave. The World Tree hung next to him.
Under countless envious gazes, Luo Zheng reached out and pinched the World Tree. With a gentle tug, the withered vine snapped, and the World Tree finally fell into Luo Zheng's hands.
The World Tree was very smooth, like a pebble that had been washed by water. He stared at it, but didn't see anything special about it. He asked, "Can I directly swallow this World Tree?"
Xun nodded. "After swallowing it, you have to draw it into your dantian. This World Tree will take root and sprout in your inner world …."
"But there's a problem." Luo Zheng's face revealed a trace of worry.
"What problem?"
"Since this World Tree is planted in my inner world, it should grow by absorbing true essence, right?" Luo Zheng asked again.
Xun thought for a moment, then said, "That's right. You're worried about whether it can absorb your chaotic energy?"
Luo Zheng nodded ….
Xun expressed that she wasn't sure. After all, there was no true essence in the dantian. Even Xun had never heard of such a situation.
Luo Zheng didn't think too much about it. He couldn't give up on the World Tree just because he was worried, right? He wasn't that stupid.
However, just as Luo Zheng was about to swallow the World Tree, a burly demon martial artist on the other side of the cave suddenly roared, "Human brat! Put down the World Tree, and I can guarantee that you leave the underground palace safely! If you dare swallow it, I can guarantee that this underground palace will be your grave! "
Luo Zheng floated at the top of the cave, looking down at the demon martial artist. A trace of ridicule appeared on his face.
It was this demon martial artist who'd snatched Mu Mingxue's ice lotus just now!
In Luo Zheng's heart, he already owed the life of this Demon Race martial artist … But this fellow still dared to threaten him now. Luo Zheng could only sneer!
Sneering, Luo Zheng swallowed the World Tree. Afterward, Luo Zheng drew out a stream of chaotic energy from his dantian, hooking the World Tree all the way down into his inner world.
Luo Zheng's sea of chaos was still calm. There wasn't even a trace of a ripple!
When other martial artists circulated their cultivation methods, the divine sea within their bodies would often set off perilous waves. However, Luo Zheng's sea of chaos rarely experienced such a situation.
The sea of chaos condensed from chaotic energy seemed to be far thicker than the seas of true essence.
Pop ….
After the World Tree entered his dantian, it sank into Luo Zheng's sea of chaos. A ripple appeared on the surface of the sea of chaos, then it sank and quickly disappeared.
"That's it?" Luo Zheng asked Xun after seeing this scene.
Smog shrugged. "What else do you want? The World Tree has already entered your dantian. There's no way to take it out … It'll take some time for the World Tree to take root and sprout. "
Luo Zheng nodded when he heard this, and then his gaze descended onto that Devil Race cultivator once more!
Seeing Luo Zheng swallow the World Tree, the demon martial artist's heart bled. Of course, he wasn't the only one who felt terrible. The other martial artists weren't any happier.