Besides the Demon Race cultivator, the Human Race and the Demon Night Clan cultivators all stared at Luo Zheng with gloomy eyes.
"He really swallowed the World Tree Seed!"
"Can he retrieve it if he disembowels it?"
"I heard that it's impossible. Dantian treasures enter one's inner world directly after swallowing it. If he's killed, his inner world will collapse and everything within it will be destroyed!"
"Then there's nothing we can do …"
After swallowing a Dantian treasure, not only would others not be able to take it out, even the person who swallowed the Dantian treasure would not be able to take it out!
Luo Zheng did not move as he floated at the top of the cave. According to Xun's advice, it was best to rest for a while after swallowing the World Tree Seed so that it could safely sink to the bottom of his Chaotic Sea …
As for the cultivators on the other side of the cave, they all looked at Luo Zheng as if they wanted to swallow him alive, but Luo Zheng ignored them.
Just as everyone was discussing, a smile suddenly appeared on the Demon cultivator's face. Although he was smiling, his smile was extremely ferocious. Anyone could tell that the Demon cultivator wanted to swallow Luo Zheng whole!
"Kid, I've already said that if you dare to swallow this seed, this underground palace will be your grave!"
The platform on the other side of the cave was not large to begin with. When the Demon cultivator erupted with such momentum, the other cultivators all retreated.
"It's the bloodline of the Ancient Ferocious Ape!"
"His Ancient Ferocious Ape bloodline seems extremely pure …"
"When that human kid comes down, let's attack him together. Who knows, the World Tree Seed might not have entered his dantian yet!"
Although Luo Zheng's previous performance had made the cultivators of the three great tenth-rank Holy Lands wary, with the Demon cultivator who had awakened the Ancient Ferocious Ape taking the lead, the others all followed suit.
If they killed Luo Zheng, they might still have a chance to obtain the World Tree Seed. If they did not act, they would not even have a chance to obtain it!
Under the influence of greed, it was easy for these martial artists to lose their reason. After all, if they obtained this World Tree Seed, it meant that their future path would be expanded countless times over. Their fates would also be filled with countless possibilities. No one was willing to stay in such a poor and barren world …
In comparison, the Demon Night Clan members were much more reserved. The blonde woman from the Demon Night Clan led her people to a corner. Although she was disappointed that Luo Zheng had obtained the World Tree Seed, Luo Zheng had obtained it with his own strength. Aside from Luo Zheng, no one else had been able to see the true path of the wind!
The golden-haired woman from the Demon Night Clan was also puzzled. How had Luo Zheng been able to accurately find the most correct wind path among so many wind paths?
Luo Zheng floated at the top of the cave, quietly looking at the restless warriors on the opposite side. His eyes were calm. After waiting like this for about half an hour, he suddenly felt a strange feeling coming from his dantian.
After the World Tree Seed sank into the sea of chaos, Luo Zheng could no longer sense its existence.
Right now, the World Tree Seed was slowly sinking into the sea of chaos until it finally reached the bottom. After it sank to the bottom, thin tendrils suddenly grew out of the originally smooth seed. After these tendrils stretched out, they quickly took root in Luo Zheng's dantian!
After the World Tree Seed took root, Luo Zheng also quickly sensed its existence. In a sense, the World Tree Seed had already become one with Luo Zheng!
"That's enough." The corners of Luo Zheng's lips curled up. A faint killing intent quietly appeared in his eyes that were originally as calm as the sea.
The spiraling winds that supported Luo Zheng originally maintained a delicate balance, but as Luo Zheng's body leaned forward slightly, his entire body slid forward. Soon, he was swept into a wind path and shot towards the other side of the cave!
Seeing Luo Zheng being swept into the wind path and pushed all the way over, the Demon Clan warrior who had awakened the Ancient Ferocious Ape bloodline roared. At the same time, he took out a giant hammer that flickered with a dark golden light from his Sumeru Space. At this moment, his eyes turned red, and the ferocious ape aura that erupted from his body was extremely powerful. Even Mu Mingxue, who was standing far away, turned deathly pale under the pressure of this aura. On the other hand, Ai Hu's face was filled with caution. He also knew that the moment Luo Zheng descended, there would be a fierce battle!
This Demon Clan warrior planned to take advantage of the moment Luo Zheng descended to use this dark golden hammer to smash Luo Zheng into a bloody pulp …
Under everyone's watchful eyes, Luo Zheng quickly floated down the wind path, like a small fish that had successfully swam down. There was a faint smile on his face as he calmly took out a sword from his Sumeru Space Ring.
"Thunder Wind Divine Sword. This brat … came from Cloud Mist Palace?"
The moment Luo Zheng took out that sword, the human Holy Lord's face turned extremely serious.
In that instant, the Holy Lord of the Yulan Holy Land saw through the origins of the sword in Luo Zheng's hand!
From the very beginning, this Holy Lord had been suspicious of Luo Zheng and Ai Hu's origins. According to common sense, if they possessed such strength at such a cultivation, then they definitely weren't unknown existences in the higher realms.
Thus, the Holy Lord's initial plan was to wait until Luo Zheng and Ai Hu left the underground palace before he asked the two of them. If these two were truly independent martial artists, then he would have picked up a treasure. But as Luo Zheng displayed his strength, the Holy Lord became increasingly certain that Luo Zheng's origins were not simple!
Reality proved this Holy Lord's conjecture …
The moment Luo Zheng revealed the Thunder Wind Divine Sword, the human Holy Lord immediately recognized it.
"Xiao Daolai's sword once fell into this brat's hands. This is the only possibility … this brat came from Cloud Mist Palace, so it's not strange for him to display such strength." The human Holy Lord sighed, a trace of disappointment appearing on his face.
The human Holy Lord could see through the origins of this sword, but in the eyes of the martial artists in the underground palace, they could only see the grade of this sword.
"A first-grade divine artifact!"
"It's indeed a first-grade divine artifact. How did this brat get it?"
"As the saying goes, don't show off your wealth. You're only at the early stage of the Divine Sea Realm, yet you dare to show off a first-grade divine artifact. Haha, we don't want to kill you, you're courting death!"
The crowd was originally waiting for the Demon Race martial artist to make a move so they could swarm over. When they saw Luo Zheng's Thunder Wind Divine Sword, the greed in their eyes became even more intense!
After all, the Holy Land of the Asura World couldn't be compared to the core great worlds. Although they were the geniuses of the younger generation of the Holy Land, their vision was still far inferior to that of the martial artists of the Thirteen Palaces. This first-grade divine artifact was extremely extraordinary even in the eyes of the martial artists of the Thirteen Palaces, but in the eyes of these martial artists, it was a treasure that was enough to make them go crazy. It was comparable to the World Tree Luo Zheng had swallowed.
Everyone's thoughts flashed quickly, but in fact, it only took a moment.
As Luo Zheng flew over at an extremely fast speed, the Demon Race martial artist who had awakened the Ancient Era's Ferocious Ape raised his dark golden giant hammer!
An earthy yellow light condensed on the giant hammer, instantly causing the Demon Race martial artist's aura to become several times heavier. Then, a roar was heard from the Demon Race martial artist.
"Violent Earth, Heaven Splitting Earth!"
Generally, the Demon Race martial artist's most common skill was the Body Refining Technique. However, this Demon Race martial artist relied on his Ancient Era's Ferocious Ape bloodline to make his physical body not inferior to those Body Refining Technique. Moreover, he specialized in the Law of Earth. With the combination of these two divine abilities, the power of his hammer was even more obvious!
Seeing the Demon Race martial artist's all-out attack, the other martial artists couldn't help but gasp. Perhaps this hammer could smash Luo Zheng and his sword into pieces? Although Luo Zheng's sword was a first-grade divine artifact, sword-type weapons weren't thick, so it was normal for it to be smashed into pieces …
Mu Mingxue looked indifferently at Luo Zheng's smiling face. Her heart was also filled with worry. However, when she looked at Luo Zheng's smiling face, an inexplicable confidence emerged in her heart. He would definitely be able to deal with it!
The moment the Demon Race martial artist swung his hammer, Luo Zheng suddenly threw out the Thundergale Dark Divine Sword in his hand.