When Luo Zheng chose to face the Demon Race warrior's hammer head on, many people thought he was crazy!
After all, under such circumstances, a Divine Sea Realm warrior's chances of winning weren't too high.
Generally, when human martial artists fought with fiends, they would all choose other methods instead of clashing head-on.
But at this moment, Luo Zheng's Thunder and Wind Divine Sword suddenly emitted a cold light. At the same time, endless killing intent surged out from Luo Zheng's body!
The surging killing intent spread out, even suppressing the Ancient Ferocious Ape aura that the Demon Race warrior emitted. Then, everyone saw the five foot long sword in Luo Zheng's hand chopping down on the giant hammer!
"Boom!"
When the long sword and the giant hammer collided, there was a dull sound that wasn't crisp at all.
What happened next left everyone flabbergasted!
The Law of Earth that wrapped around the dark golden giant hammer was easily shattered by Luo Zheng's sword.
On the other hand, Luo Zheng's sword strike was unstoppable, and it slashed the hammer apart from the middle!
One must know that the Demon Race warrior's hammer had already exploded with all his strength. If it was placed in the lower realms, not to mention a mountain, even a continent would be smashed in half!
But Luo Zheng didn't shrink back in the slightest. On the contrary, as his sword chopped down, the great hammer seemed to be made of tofu. It was directly cut in half, forming an inconceivable shape … and at the same time, the demon martial artist's mortal body was cut in half!
It wasn't that the Demon Race warrior didn't pay attention to Luo Zheng.
The scene of Luo Zheng falling into the Abyss of Samsara was seen by everyone. Everyone also knew that this guy at the early stage of the Divine Sea Realm couldn't be underestimated, so they were secretly vigilant.
But just now, this Demon Race warrior had the absolute advantage. It was also because he attached great importance to Luo Zheng that he unleashed the power of his bloodline. He only needed to wait for Luo Zheng to be sent over by the wind and give him the most fatal blow!
But he didn't expect that Luo Zheng would use such a domineering method to meet his giant hammer head on with a long sword!
What was even more unexpected was that the power that erupted from Luo Zheng's sword was far from what he had imagined!
"Pu!"
A body the size of a small mountain, coupled with a giant hammer that was nearly ten feet long, was split into two halves by Luo Zheng. The ghastly blood spurted out in all directions. Many warriors hurriedly circulated their True Essence to protect their bodies, blocking the spurting blood …
Luo Zheng gently held the sword horizontally. The blade slightly surged, and the blood on it instantly disappeared. Then, with a slight twist of his hand, he stabbed his finger, and the long sword directly entered his spatial ring.
Within the Sumeru Space, Luo Zheng had planned out an area and constructed a row of sword racks, specifically for storing sword-type weapons. The Lightning Wind Divine Sword entered the Sumeru Space and landed on one of the sword racks.
"Ancient Vicious Ape? Heh … "Luo Zheng indifferently glanced at the corpse of the Demon Race martial artist, then reached out and took the spatial ring of the Demon Race martial artist. Immediately, he forcefully erased the Demon Race martial artist's spiritual imprint. Then, he forcefully knocked the spatial ring against the ground, causing all the items in the spatial ring to flow out!
Inside the spatial ring of a warrior, there were all sorts of things, all sorts of things …
Luo Zheng picked up the Ice Lotus from the messy pile of items. He didn't look at anything else. There were even over a hundred Zhen Yuanyu, but Luo Zheng was too lazy to bend over and pick them up.
He held the Ice Lotus in his hand and walked in front of Mu Mingxue. He indifferently said, "If you encounter this kind of situation in the future, don't try to be brave. Just look for me …"
The look in Mu Mingxue's eyes could no longer be described with the word excitement. In her eyes, Luo Zheng was like a god descending to the mortal world. These words were easy to say, but how many people could actually do it?
Luo Zheng's light words carried a lot of weight. She was very clear about it!
From picking up the spatial ring to picking out the Ice Lotus, from beginning to end, Luo Zheng was very relaxed, without the slightest bit of vigilance.
Those warriors who had originally planned to swarm him maintained a shocking silence.
At this time, the various thoughts in their minds had already vanished. Looking at the miserable state of the Demon Race warrior, they were very clear about the result of fighting with Luo Zheng. This kid's strength was completely monstrous. Reaching Divine Realm warriors like them were nothing in front of Luo Zheng. There were even some warriors who couldn't help but feel a lingering fear in their hearts. They had also been prepared to fight …
As for the other Demon Race martial artists, as they saw Luo Zheng throw all the junk in his spatial ring to the ground and humiliate their fellow Demon Race martial artists, their hearts were filled with anger. The Demon Race martial artists were the most particular about integrity. For the honor of their race, they could sacrifice their lives, but dying in battle was their supreme glory.
But in front of them, no one dared to come up and face Luo Zheng. They didn't even dare to criticize Luo Zheng …
"Let's go. Refining this Ice Lotus should be of great benefit to you." Luo Zheng faintly smiled, then turned around and left.
Mu Mingxue nodded. She put away the Ice Lotus and followed behind Luo Zheng. When she passed by the Demon Race warrior's corpse, she saw that the ground was littered with items. There were many rare treasures among them. The hundreds of Zhen Yuanyu were not a small amount of wealth.
A trace of reluctance appeared on her face. Since this Demon Race warrior had died under Luo Zheng's sword, these items were originally Luo Zheng's spoils of war. It was a bit of a waste to just throw them on the ground.
But Luo Zheng didn't pick them up. She also didn't pick them up. If she followed Luo Zheng, at least she wouldn't embarrass him.
After hesitating for a while, she graciously said, "I don't want it." Then, she quickly followed behind Luo Zheng.
After that, the Night Demon Clan's and Human Clan's cultivators left one after another.
As for the Demon Race martial artists, they collected the corpses of their fellow Demon Race martial artists and gathered up all the miscellaneous items in their spatial rings. All of the Demon Race martial artists had gloomy expressions on their faces.
"The Holy Master … won't let this human brat go …"
"This human brat will leave the underground palace sooner or later. How can the Holy Master let him leave safely?"
"The Holy Master will avenge us!"
After collecting the corpses, the Demon Race warriors also followed.
Everyone floated through the wind tunnel to the other side of the cave. Then, after going around in a circle, they returned to the abyss!
Luo Zheng didn't think too much about it and jumped down.
Xun had already told him that the Abyss of Samsara was like this.
If one continued to fall down the abyss, they would be able to preserve their lives and obtain good opportunities.
The Ancient Heavenly Sovereign even gave them a chance to regret, bestowing each of them a divine rune for returning …
Mu Mingxue followed closely behind Luo Zheng and jumped down. The other warriors also jumped down one after another.
"This Abyss of Samsara really doesn't have a bottom. If we keep falling like this, when will we reach the end?" Luo Zheng asked as he fell.
Xun faintly smiled, "The Abyss of Samsara really doesn't have a bottom. However, since this abyss is named Samsara, the Ancient Heavenly Sovereign must have used a special method to connect the beginning and end of this abyss. In truth, it is a ring."
"Ring?" Luo Zheng was stunned.
"When you fall to the bottom of the abyss, you will unknowingly return to the top of the abyss. You will feel like you are constantly falling, but in fact, you are constantly rotating in a ring. This makes you feel like you are in a bottomless abyss … Although the Celestial Lord is someone with great means, it is impossible for him to set up such a bottomless abyss that is beyond the rules," Xun explained to Luo Zheng in detail.
Luo Zheng nodded. He now understood a little more about the Abyss of Samsara …
"After the two tests just now, you have actually already made a full circle in this' ring '. Next is the second circle," Xun continued.
"How many circles did you make in the past?" Luo Zheng asked.
"Four circles. After four circles, the things we faced were too dangerous, so I gave up," Xun answered truthfully.
Although Xun's cultivation was only at the Extreme Divine Realm back then, she was already a King at that time. She had a priceless body in the Demon Night Clan and could even command the Ancient Heavenly Sovereigns. Therefore, she did not lack any resources. However, out of consideration for her own safety, Xun chose to give up.
"But this time, you can't give up," Kaori added.
＝＝＝＝＝