Xun had high hopes for Luo Zheng.
It could even be said that she had entrusted everything to Luo Zheng.
After ascending, she could gradually come into contact with her old subordinates and even get help from Divine Arrow Heavenly Venerable.
However, she had a premonition that the person who could help her return to the throne would be Luo Zheng!
This opening of the underground palace was the result of a freak combination of factors. However, it could also be a manifestation of Luo Zheng's luck.
The origin of this ancient Heavenly Venerable was extremely mysterious. Xun had regretted that she had not been able to pass through the fourth circle of the abyss. However, she had always vaguely felt that this underground palace of the Luo Yin World hid some big secrets. These secrets were very special even for the entire universe!
Therefore, Xun had added this sentence …
However, Luo Zheng only nodded slightly. Xun smiled secretly when she noticed Luo Zheng's expression. Her worries were unnecessary.
Ever since she had known this guy, she had never seen him give up!
Back then, on the Massacre Sword Mountain, every step was difficult. At that time, even though Luo Zheng had reached his limit, he still had to use his brain to throw out the sword …
This was a little guy who would not give up until he reached his limit. Why would he need her advice?
As the queen of the Demon Night clan, she was the sharpest sword of the Demon Night clan. Over the past 100,000 years, she had killed with every step she took. Every inch of her path was filled with blood. She had led the warriors of the Demon Night clan to conquer many great worlds. She did not know what warmth was.
Although she was huddled up in Luo Zheng's body, Xun felt a sense of relief. This feeling of relief was very strange.
As they continued to descend into the Samsara Abyss, they encountered more and more dangers. It was normal for them to die if they were not careful. However, even in such an environment, Xun could sleep without worry — even though she did not need to sleep. All of this originated from her trust in Luo Zheng.
"Huff, huff, huff …"
Luo Zheng did not know that Xun was thinking about all these things. As they continued to descend, his expression became more and more serious.
Although the previous round of the Blade Mountain Punishment didn't pose much of a threat to Luo Zheng, this already showed that it wasn't a simple matter to pass through the Abyss of Samsara!
If the next step was too dangerous, he would consider letting Mu Mingxue activate the returning rune first. Luo Zheng did not care about the lives of others, but since Mu Mingxue had chosen to follow Luo Zheng, he would consider her safety first.
Just as he was thinking, Luo Zheng suddenly felt a chill coming from below. The surrounding temperature seemed to have dropped a lot in an instant. "The temperature has dropped …"
"It's a trial of extreme cold," Xun's voice rang out.
As Luo Zheng continued to descend, the temperature in the Abyss of Samsara became lower and lower!
Not long after, some white frost started to appear on the walls of the abyss. As they continued to descend, there were white ice spikes that clung to the walls of the abyss.
At this time, the temperature had dropped to a frightening degree. Luo Zheng felt his body temperature plummet, and an invisible chill pervaded the surroundings. As he fell, the air brushed against his face like sharp claws scraping against his face …
As he continued to descend, Luo Zheng had no choice but to circulate his power through his body. If he didn't do so, all the blood in his body would freeze! But soon, Luo Zheng discovered that relying purely on the circulation of his power was no longer enough to help him resist the chill.
Because the chill here seemed to be able to freeze the air …
A milky white aura drifted around. Because the air had already frozen, the speed of its flow was abnormally slow.
Not only the air, but even the speed of Luo Zheng's descent had slowed down a lot!
The air in this area was like water, and could produce a certain degree of buoyancy. Therefore, Luo Zheng was only slowly descending.
"Peng!"
Luo Zheng drew out the Primal Chaos Qi, which turned into a flame and wrapped around himself.
The moment the flames ignited, they were enveloped by the cold mist. The burning flames were quickly extinguished at a speed that was visible to the naked eye!
"This chill …" Luo Zheng's face turned solemn.
Right now, Luo Zheng was unable to move an inch, and it was the same for other warriors …
At first, some warriors wanted to use their protective true essence to protect their bodies. But under this temperature, the nature of everything changed drastically. The moment they condensed their true essence, their protective true essence was frozen. Then, countless white cracks spread out from the surface of their protective true essence, and with a crisp sound, the protective true essence shattered …
What was even more peculiar was that after a shield formed by condensed True Essence was shattered, the True Essence would gradually dissipate into the world.
However, the frozen true essence didn't dissipate, but turned into fragments of different colors and slowly flew in all directions, embedding themselves in the milky white abyss walls!
Since their protective true essence had no effect, many warriors were like Luo Zheng, operating the power of the Law of Fire, trying to wrap themselves in flames to maintain their body temperature.
Luo Zheng used the Primal Chaos Qi to stimulate the Law of Fire, but the flames only lasted for three or four breaths of time. The other warriors were even worse. Their flames were almost extinguished as soon as they condensed …
In this way, if they wanted to pass through this area, they could only rely on their willpower to hold on.
What surprised Luo Zheng was that Mu Mingxue's performance in this part of the abyss was very outstanding. Perhaps it was because she majored in the Ice Cultivation Method, but the low temperature in this area didn't bring her too much trouble. Compared to other warriors, and even compared to Luo Zheng, Mu Mingxue was much calmer.
However, although the temperature was terrifyingly low, to warriors, it wasn't a fatal threat.
These warriors either crazily operated their strength, stimulating the true essence in their bodies to crazily circulate in their bodies, using this to obtain a portion of heat to maintain the blood flow in their bodies.
Or they crazily urged the true essence in their bodies to condense flames. Although these flames could only last for a short period of time, it was enough to provide a lot of heat. Not to mention that several warriors gathered together could share the heat of the flames …
This situation lasted for about an hour or so.
Even the Extreme Divine Realm warriors were all deathly pale, and their lips were dark purple, without a trace of blood.
Warriors were originally able to endure extreme environments that mortals couldn't imagine, but an environment as extreme as this was extremely rare … Before this, there were already several warriors who couldn't endure such low temperatures. They pinched open the purple dots of light, and used the Divine Runes of Return to return. Although the rewards in this Samsara Abyss were tempting, they had already reached their limits. They couldn't just throw away their lives like this, right?
Just when everyone thought that if they endured like this, they would finally be able to pass through this extremely cold area, a rhombus-shaped ice crystal the size of a person suddenly appeared from the milky white cold air below!
"Whoosh …"
Luo Zheng felt as if his thoughts were about to be frozen, and his reactions were much slower.
When the rhombus-shaped ice crystal whistled upwards at an extremely fast speed, and was only fifty or sixty feet away from Luo Zheng, he was startled. His body suddenly twisted, and he dodged this huge ice crystal!
Luo Zheng dodged, Ai Hu dodged, and Mu Mingxue also dodged.
However, a human warrior behind them couldn't dodge, and this huge ice crystal directly smashed towards that human warrior.
If it was an ice crystal at an ordinary low temperature, not to mention such a huge ice crystal, even if an iceberg came crashing down, it wouldn't cause any harm to the warriors present.
However, the degree of condensation of this ice crystal was far beyond the imagination of ordinary people. The moment the ice crystal hit the Human Clan cultivator, the cold air it released froze the Human Clan cultivator. Then, with the huge impact, the Human Clan cultivator was directly smashed to pieces!
"Clang …"
When the Human Race cultivator's body shattered, a series of crisp cracking sounds could be heard, like glass or porcelain being smashed.