The Abyss of Samsara in this underground palace seemed to be much milder than the many legendary fierce places in the Upper Realm.
After all, this abyss was deliberately built by the ancient Celestial Lords. These warriors even saw this underground palace as a trial, a trial where they could obtain great opportunities.
Now, they realized that they had misjudged …
In this abyss, the consequence of being careless was to die directly!
After that martial artist was smashed into pieces, the speed at which his broken limbs fell was relatively slow, and they were suspended above everyone's heads …
"There's another one!" A martial artist screamed.
As soon as that voice was heard, everyone heard a whistling sound from below, shooting straight up into the sky!
But this time, Luo Zheng was on the left side of the abyss. The diamond-shaped ice crystal was only the size of a person, so it was unlikely to hit him.
In this abyss, dozens of warriors were falling at the same time, and the diamond-shaped ice crystal was rising at an astonishing speed. Even after discovering these ice crystals, it was not easy to avoid them.
Previously, when everyone was passing through the Knife Mountain Punishment, they maintained a certain distance from the abyss wall. When those giant blades appeared, they borrowed the strength of the abyss wall to adjust their falling position! But now, the abyss wall was covered with clusters of ice thorns, so this method was obviously no longer suitable.
This diamond-shaped ice crystal was like an uncertain death god, depending on who was unlucky …
"Whoosh …"
Almost in the blink of an eye, this diamond-shaped ice crystal shot towards Mu Mingxue at an extremely fast speed!
Seeing the diamond-shaped ice crystal coming straight towards her, Mu Mingxue's beautiful face turned pale. She began to try her best to avoid the ice crystal, but she could not fly or borrow strength from anywhere. It was too difficult to avoid it.
She almost bent her soft waist into the shape of a bow, but she still could not avoid the ice crystal.
"That human girl is finished …" The other warriors all thought so in their hearts.
Mu Mingxue almost stopped breathing at this moment. Her eyes were fixed on the diamond-shaped ice crystal, and her face revealed a look of despair. Just now, she had learned from her mistakes. If she was hit by the ice crystal, the only possibility was to be instantly frozen, and then turned into little bits of ice!
Because the speed was too fast, she almost did not have time to crush the Divine Rune of Return.
At that moment, a black streak of light whizzed over at an even faster speed. Before the rhombus-shaped ice crystal could reach Mu Mingxue, the black streak of light had already struck it.
"Clang …"
The black light flew over, and the diamond-shaped ice crystal instantly shattered!
When the ice crystal exploded, it spread a strong cold air. After Mu Mingxue passed through the layer of cold air, her whole body was covered in a layer of snow, as if she was covered in a layer of frost.
She subconsciously turned her head to look at Luo Zheng. Luo Zheng was holding a longbow in his hand. His entire body was facing down, and the bowstring in his hand was still vibrating. The black light just now was the arrow that Luo Zheng had shot at the most critical moment!
Although she was in despair, there was a belief in her heart. At this time, only Luo Zheng could save her. However, her face inexplicably showed a trace of apology.
She originally did not want to cause trouble for Luo Zheng. In fact, after entering the underground palace, Luo Zheng had been worried about her all the way, so she naturally felt apologetic.
Seeing Mu Mingxue's apologetic eyes, Luo Zheng just smiled. His fingers shook slightly, and a scarlet pill shot towards Mu Mingxue. Luo Zheng had collected a lot of pills in his spatial ring. Although the grade of this Flame Seal Pill was not high, it could stimulate true essence and emit a large amount of heat. Although Mu Mingxue cultivated an ice attribute cultivation method, the cold air that erupted from the diamond-shaped ice crystal was not to be underestimated.
Although the cold air of the diamond-shaped ice crystal was terrifying and its speed was difficult to dodge, in the end, it was just an ice crystal. As long as one did not come into contact with it, it would be fine to shatter it in advance …
Everyone braced themselves. Some of the human martial artists pulled out a row of throwing knives, while the Fiend Night Clan martial artists pulled out their bows and arrows!
Sou sou …
With two whistling sounds, two more diamond-shaped ice crystals shot out from the depths of the abyss!
But this time, as soon as the two diamond-shaped ice crystals appeared, there were two popping sounds. An azure light and a purple light shot towards the ice crystals at the same time.
Kuang, kuang …
With two popping sounds, the two diamond-shaped ice crystals instantly exploded. After releasing a cold air, they dissipated in front of everyone's eyes.
The ones who attacked were two women from the Fiend Night Clan …
Although many martial artists were in a state of competition in this abyss, the only way for them to go further was to work together.
As the abyss continued to descend, all of the martial artists understood this principle, and they no longer held back when they attacked.
Every time a diamond-shaped ice crystal shot up, someone would be the first to attack and shatter it. The ones who contributed the most weren't the humans, but the Fiend Night Clan. Although the Fiend Night Clan's martial artists were skilled in all kinds of weapons, the most common weapon among them was still the bow. Almost every one of them was equipped with a longbow.
At first, only one or two diamond-shaped ice crystals appeared, but the number of them quickly increased.
Three, four …
Six, seven …
More and more diamond-shaped ice crystals appeared at the same time, and the pressure increased. Everyone became more and more united, and for a time, the abyss was filled with the sound of explosions!
This situation continued for less than half an hour, and everyone's expressions became more and more solemn. Now, the number of rhombus-shaped ice crystals had reached twenty at the same time, and if there was even the slightest mistake, someone would die. If the number of rhombus-shaped ice crystals reached a certain level, the result would not be difficult to predict. It would be a disaster for every cultivator.
"Buzz buzz buzz …"
Some of the martial artists had already realized this, and they chose to shatter the purple light spots in advance, activating their Divine Runes of Return and retreating.
If they really couldn't deal with it, they wouldn't be able to leave even if they wanted to. Although the opportunities in the abyss were tempting, their lives were still the most important …
The fewer people there were, the greater the pressure. After all, there were still so many diamond-shaped ice crystals to deal with!
When the first person chose to retreat, the hearts of the other martial artists were shaken. Soon, a second and a third person activated their Divine Runes of Return and flew up into the abyss.
However, even more martial artists chose to stay!
After all, their positions were different, and their strengths were different, so their hearts were also different. Some people chose to fight with all their might and become the strongest in the world, while others chose to protect themselves and retreat when the time was right. There was no right or wrong choice.
Luo Zheng understood that he had no way out. The competition in the Upper Realm was even crueler, and his path was probably far more difficult than that of ordinary martial artists. Moreover, he wasn't just doing this for himself, but also for Xun.
"Mingxue, adjust your position. Try to maintain a straight line with me," Luo Zheng said.
Mu Mingxue nodded. She naturally understood Luo Zheng's arrangement …
Now that everyone was falling, she adjusted her position and maintained her position above Luo Zheng's head. Luo Zheng was basically blocking her path.
When the other martial artists saw Luo Zheng's arrangement, they all changed their minds and followed suit. Thus, a rather comical scene appeared. Almost all of the martial artists began to adjust their positions, moving above Mu Mingxue.
It wasn't just the human martial artists; even the Fiend Night Clan and the Demon Race were doing this. They were like a human pyramid, forming a straight human ladder as they fell …
Seeing the human ladder neatly arranged above his head, Luo Zheng revealed a helpless smile. He couldn't blame these people for being opportunistic. Arranging themselves like this really saved him a lot of trouble. Luo Zheng only needed to shatter the diamond-shaped ice crystals that flew up from below. As for the other ice crystals, he could ignore them.
Thus, this "human ladder", with Luo Zheng as the leader, continued to rapidly descend …
After about an hour, the number of diamond-shaped ice crystals began to decrease. Although the surrounding cold air was still dense, the temperature had risen quite a bit.