In the abyss that was filled with cold air, a feminine laughter suddenly came, making many warriors nervous again.
"That sound … where did it come from?" A warrior asked with a serious expression.
Although everyone heard the feminine laughter at the same time, they couldn't tell where the sound came from …
"Hehe …"
Soon, everyone heard a second laughter.
Following which, this feminine laughter rose and fell one after another, constantly echoing in everyone's ears.
"What the hell is that?" A demon warrior couldn't help but roar.
But no one answered the demon warrior's question. It wasn't that they didn't want to answer, but because no one knew where the laughter came from!
Luo Zheng's face was full of caution, but he asked Xun in his mind, "What is that?"
Xun hesitated for a moment, then replied, "If I remember correctly, it should be a Snow Demon …"
"Snow Demon?" Luo Zheng's eyes flashed slightly.
Xun smiled faintly, "This Snow Demon shouldn't be much of a threat to you."
Luo Zheng was still thinking about the meaning of Xun's words when a snow-white shadow flashed in front of him, then disappeared into the abyss wall!
Just now, the white shadow had quietly flashed. Not only did Luo Zheng see it, but the other warriors also saw it.
"What is that? That white thing seems to be circling around us! "A warrior shouted.
"Snow Demon! I know, this damn thing can only live in the Land of Ice … but isn't this Snow Demon a ferocious creature unique to the Freezing Snow Realm! "Another warrior screamed.
As the warrior's voice fell, white shadows drilled out of the abyss wall one after another. They didn't seem to have a fixed shape, and could freely travel through space. These white Snow Demons kept falling at the same speed as everyone else, and circled around the warriors, getting closer and closer to them!
"Everyone be careful, this Snow Demon can occupy people's souls, like a turtledove occupying a magpie's nest, and make people lose themselves!" A warrior warned.
"Haha, this broken thing can make me lose myself! In your dreams! " A Demon Clan cultivator roared, waved his hand, and threw out a sawtooth flywheel.
The sawtooth flywheel was embedded with many sharp teeth. As it spun, it sliced towards the Snow Demon. However, this time, the attack only lightly penetrated the Snow Demon's body. It did not cause any damage to it!
These Snow Demons were famous vicious creatures of the Freezing Snow World. They had many transformations and were able to read the person that a martial artist cared about the most. Then, they would transform into that person's appearance and confuse the martial artist. Once a martial artist was confused by these Snow Demons, they would invade the martial artist's mind and completely take over their body!
Luo Zheng didn't move. His eyes locked on a snow demon, carefully sizing it up …
In the process of circling, they rapidly changed their shapes. At first, they looked like strange Demonic Beasts, but as they circled around the warriors, they rapidly changed their shapes.
The number of these Snow Demons seemed to be the same as the number of martial artists in the abyss. In other words, every martial artist would have to face one Snow Demon.
Because they were at different heights, Luo Zheng was still at the bottom, which meant that he was the leader.
He quickly realized that the Snow Demon he was facing was like a pile of melting snow. It was constantly melting, and at the same time, it was reforming its body. When the Snow Demon changed, Luo Zheng felt a strange feeling in his heart. It was as if his soul was being probed by this Snow Demon!
"Hehe …" While the Snow Demon was changing its shape, it let out a soft and pleasant laugh.
At this moment, it wasn't only Luo Zheng who was staring at the Snow Demon.
Xun, who was hiding in Luo Zheng's body, was also staring at the Snow Demon. Xun's face showed a trace of expectation. She knew that the Snow Demon could read people's minds. As the Snow Demon circled, it used its innate ability to pry into Luo Zheng's heart.
This innate ability was very rare, and it was also the innate ability that the Snow Demon relied on to survive. Most martial artists' hearts were very firm, and it was very difficult for them to be confused! Only by understanding the other party's heart could the Snow Demon target its prey and change into the appropriate form!
Soon, the Snow Demon's body gradually transformed into a pair of pure white lotus arms, followed by an exquisite waist and a pair of slender and straight legs. After the tall and slender body was formed, the appearance of the Snow Demon began to slowly emerge ….
When Xun saw the Snow Demon's appearance, disappointment faintly appeared on her face. It was obvious that the Snow Demon's appearance wasn't hers.
"Luo Yan." Suddenly seeing his sister here, Luo Zheng was slightly stunned, but a sneer quickly appeared on his face. Did she think that by changing into his sister's appearance, she could confuse him? This Snow Demon didn't seem difficult to deal with!
At this moment, Luo Zheng held his longsword horizontally, and a streak of azure lightning shot out from the Thundergale Ghost Sword's hilt. It constantly coiled around the sword!
In this world, all ferocious creatures should have a way to restrain them. Since the Snow Demon wasn't afraid of ordinary attacks, the lightning that could ward off evil should be effective!
However, just as Luo Zheng raised his Thundergale Ghost Sword and faced the Snow Demon that was circling around him, a trace of hesitation appeared on his face.
He wasn't confused by the Snow Demon.
Luo Zheng had chased after his sister all the way from the Lower Realm, and the first thing he did after arriving in the Upper Realm was to use the Roar Command to find his sister. However, the result made Luo Zheng very disappointed. Luo Yan didn't respond to him.
There were only two possibilities. Either Luo Yan was outside of the universe and could hear Luo Zheng's voice, or Luo Yan didn't have the Roar Command and couldn't respond to him.
No matter what, he really missed his sister very much …
In fact, the Luo Yan that the Snow Demon in front of him had transformed into was quite different from Luo Yan himself. This was because this Snow Demon wasn't transformed according to Luo Yan himself, but according to the longing in Luo Zheng's heart!
When a person thought for a long time, they would imagine the person they missed to be extremely perfect!
Compared to Luo Zheng, Luo Yan was the most important bond. This bond came from blood being thicker than water, from the relationship between siblings.
Ever since Luo Zheng stepped onto the martial path, the time spent with Luo Yan could be counted in hours. As Luo Zheng's longing increased day by day, Luo Yan became more and more perfect in his heart.
Therefore, the "person" in front of Luo Zheng was actually transformed by the Snow Demon according to Luo Zheng's thoughts …
Luo Zheng knew that this was a Snow Demon, and he also knew that this Snow Demon wanted to occupy his body. However, the moment Luo Zheng raised his sword, he hesitated.
After Xun was taken away by that young man, there was no news of her. Although he was very determined to find Luo Yan, he didn't know when they would meet again. Facing a fake "Luo Yan", he couldn't help but want to take a few more glances …
Under this gaze, Luo Zheng's heart quietly lingered with a trace of tenderness. However, at this moment, a trace of flaw appeared in his state of mind.
At the same time, the Snow Demon's eyes suddenly flashed with a psychedelic color …
When the psychedelic color suddenly flashed, Luo Zheng's eyes also reflected the same color. He was confused in a spiritual illusion. From the outside, Luo Zheng's whole body fell down in a daze, without any movement.
Xun was still curled up in Luo Zheng's body, without any movement.
At this moment, Qinglong's voice was quietly transmitted, "Why didn't you remind Luo Zheng just now? He should have been able to avoid being trapped. "
The Snow Demon might be a fatal existence for some warriors who didn't have a strong martial heart, but for a warrior like Luo Zheng, it wasn't too much of a problem, especially when Luo Zheng still had Smog, Azure Dragon, and the others in his body.
Qinglong remained silent, but it didn't mean that he didn't pay attention to Luo Zheng. However, since Xun was very familiar with the Abyss of Samsara, and she was in charge of the whole process, Qinglong naturally didn't interfere too much.
However, just now, Xun didn't stop Luo Zheng, but let Luo Zheng be immersed in the illusion created by the Snow Demon. Qinglong couldn't understand this.
Xun smiled faintly and replied, "That's Luo Zheng's own choice. Since he misses his sister, let him stay in the illusion for a while. I believe he can break free …"
Hearing Xun's reply, Qinglong's dragon eyes, which were blooming with infinite power, couldn't help but roll up.
＝＝＝＝＝