The True Dragon Clan and the Demon Night Clan didn't have much interaction.
However, Qinglong had interacted with Xun for a long time in Luo Zheng's body, so he had some understanding of her personality.
Even though Xun had lived for over a hundred thousand years, she was still like a child in front of Qinglong.
Clearly, Xun was dissatisfied with the Snow Demon's appearance of Luo Yan, but Qinglong didn't want to expose her …
Ever since Xun ascended to the throne, she had become the symbol of slaughter in the Demon Night Clan. She controlled the Demon Night Clan's hearts of slaughter and was the strongest weapon against outsiders.
As for the woman called "Yao", she was the complete opposite. Yao represented the Demon Night Clan's discipline and was the hammer of punishment for the Demon Night Clan's inner members!
After ascending to the throne, she became the symbol of the entire clan and was even tainted with a trace of divinity.
After tens of thousands of years of slaughter, Xun was no longer an ordinary member of the Demon Night Clan. Although she wasn't a True God or even a Heavenly Venerate, she was a god-like existence in the eyes of the Demon Night Clan. However, from the emotions that Xun had revealed just now, it seemed like she had feelings for Luo Zheng. This was something that Qinglong had never expected.
However, this matter had nothing to do with Qinglong. The key was that Luo Zheng had revealed a trace of weakness in his heart and had been caught by the Snow Demon. It was best for him to break free from this weakness as soon as possible.
The Snow Demon hadn't deliberately created that illusion. It was just an illusion created by the Snow Demon after she caught Luo Zheng's weakness. It was also the most beautiful fantasy in Luo Zheng's heart …
Under the orange sky, the entire Luo Family was covered in a layer of faint light.
Luo Zheng sat on the roof of the Luo Family's residence and looked at the peaceful Chongyang County with a calm smile on his face. This kind of peaceful day was very rare.
For a long time, Luo Zheng's state of mind was like a taut string that could not be relaxed in the slightest, nor was there any form of relaxation. The portrayal in the illusion was his purest fantasy.
Luo Yan sat quietly at the side. She was flipping through a stack of old calligraphy and paintings. The calligraphy and paintings were just found in the corner of the ancestral house. Because she was very curious, she moved these calligraphy and paintings to the roof, opened them one by one, brushed off the dust on them, and then organized them according to their names.
She organized them very carefully. Whenever she came across some interesting calligraphy or painting, she would unfold it and hand it over to Luo Zheng for his evaluation.
"Brother, look at this piece of calligraphy. It was left behind by the only Zhuangyuan in our Luo family's history. It's too much for it to be abandoned in a corner." Luo Yan presented it to Luo Zheng as if he had found a treasure.
This world was controlled by martial artists. Not to mention the Zhuangyuan, even if it was the Emperor, if he accidentally provoked the sects, the country would be destroyed in a fit of anger … It was not a big deal for a Zhuangyuan to come out of a Zhuangyuan in a family.
However, Luo Zheng still focused on his evaluation …
Time passed quickly. The sun disappeared into the horizon and night fell.
Luo Zheng was still lying on the roof, looking at the stars in the sky. Luo Yan was still by his side, whispering softly.
In this kind of comfortable environment, a trace of tiredness quietly crept in. In Luo Zheng's childhood, there were many times when he accidentally fell asleep on the roof. There was even one time when he directly rolled down from the roof and suffered a terrible fall.
Unconsciously, Luo Zheng had already closed his eyes. With Luo Yan by his side, he seemed to be particularly at ease. There were no more worries, and everything was so smooth …
At this moment, a strange smile appeared on "Luo Yan's" face. She quietly leaned over. That smile on Luo Yan's beautiful face seemed so strange and out of place.
When her head was only three inches away from Luo Zheng, Luo Yan opened her small sandalwood mouth, revealing white sharp teeth.
Luo Zheng, who had already closed his eyes and was snoring slightly, suddenly opened his eyes!
His eyes were very pure. He coldly stared at Luo Yan, but there was a trace of reluctance in those cold eyes. Then he faintly smiled: "This kind of experience is really good. Although I like it very much, I have to kill you … Thank you."
"Whoosh!"
His hand shot out like lightning, instantly entering Luo Yan's body!
At this moment, Luo Yan's entire body began to undergo a strange change. She continuously burst out with a cold laugh, and her hands turned into sharp claws that clawed at Luo Zheng … Unfortunately, this kind of mental attack of the Snow Demon wasn't very strong. It was only exploiting the flaws in human nature. Once the Snow Demon was broken free, its attack could be said to be very weak.
With a slight force, Luo Zheng twisted the Snow Demon in the illusion into pieces …
The surrounding scenery gradually became blurry, and then it turned into a spiral that began to churn unceasingly. It was as if the curtains of a play were suddenly pulled open. Luo Zheng's eyes regained their clarity. He had already broken free from the illusion!
As for the Snow Demon that had been facing Luo Zheng, it also turned into pieces. It was like a piece of paper that was being torn apart, and it gradually dissipated.
If he wanted to kill the Snow Demon, he could either resist it from the beginning, or kill it in the illusion. Luo Zheng chose the latter, because he really wanted to experience the feeling of being reunited with Luo Yan. Even if this was just a trick, it still had a great effect on his heart.
Looking at the Snow Demon's scattered pieces, Luo Zheng didn't feel too happy. Instead, he felt a trace of sadness.
"You're out?" Xun's voice faintly sounded. Her voice was always incomparably cold, but this time, it was mixed with a trace of hidden bitterness …
"En!" Luo Zheng faintly smiled, but he didn't notice Xun's emotions.
Then Luo Zheng turned around and looked at the other warriors behind him. Almost all of the warriors seemed to be immersed in the illusion. These warriors closed their eyes and fell freely. As for those snow demons, they transformed into all kinds of different appearances and circled around the cultivators, whispering something to each other.
There was only one exception, and that was the golden-haired woman from the Yao Night Clan. She seemed to have used some kind of treasure to stabilize her heart. The Snow Demon couldn't change its appearance and could only circle around the golden-haired woman, but it was still unable to attack her heart.
"Mu Mingxue …"
When Luo Zheng's gaze fell on Mu Mingxue, a strange expression appeared on his face.
He saw Mu Mingxue curled up into a ball. She supported her head with one hand and had a smile on her face. Opposite Mu Mingxue, the person that the Snow Demon had transformed into was actually Luo Zheng himself!
"Hehe, this Luo Zheng is much more handsome than you …" Xun's cold voice suddenly sounded again.
Just as Xun had said, the Luo Zheng opposite Mu Mingxue was taller than Luo Zheng by at least three inches, and his appearance was also much more handsome …
This was a very normal phenomenon. People were often like this. If you liked someone, then the image of that person in your heart would be much more perfect than the person in reality. If you hated someone, then the image of that person in your heart would be much worse than the person in reality.
Luo Zheng didn't expect that he would have such an image in Mu Mingxue's heart. It made him feel somewhat ashamed …
"What should we do now? Should we wake them up or wait for them to break free? "Luo Zheng asked.
Although the Snow Demon didn't cause any harm to Luo Zheng, the Snow Demon's attack was no small matter. Once the Snow Demon succeeded, his heart would be confused, and his entire soul would be devoured by the Snow Demon. It was equivalent to death, and his body would become a shell for the Snow Demon!
"Wait first. Although the Snow Demon can confuse people, there is still a considerable possibility that they will break free," Xun dissuaded. If possible, they should try their best to let them break free.
But at this moment, a human warrior not far away suddenly opened his eyes. The moment he opened his eyes, a strange smile appeared on his face. "Hehe …" The human warrior let out a feminine smile. He took out a long sword in his hand and floated towards Mu Mingxue!
"This guy … has been invaded by the Snow Demon. He is no longer human. Kill him," Xun said.
Needless to say, Luo Zheng had already felt that the human warrior's eyes were definitely not the eyes of a normal person!