After this warrior's body was possessed by the Snow Demon, he was like a puppet.
Although this human warrior was an existence at the Ultimate God Realm, the Snow Demon that had taken over his body probably couldn't even use one-tenth of his original strength.
Xun's order was very decisive. Luo Zheng didn't hesitate either. After being possessed by the Snow Demon, this person could no longer be called a human.
The human warrior swayed. He held a long sword in his hand and wanted to resist the three ghostly shadows. However, the Snow Demon couldn't even draw out his true essence. How could he resist?
Almost instantly, he was killed by the three ghostly shadows!
After dealing with this human warrior, Luo Zheng once again focused his attention on Mu Mingxue.
Although Xun wasn't worried, he was still afraid of the unexpected. After being invaded by the Snow Demon, it was the same as dying. Luo Zheng was naturally worried that Mu Mingxue couldn't escape from the Snow Demon's illusion.
However, just as he turned his head, he saw a cold air suddenly erupt between Mu Mingxue's fingers. Then, a stream of blood shot out from her fingertips!
Then, her body suddenly trembled. She opened her eyes. Her gaze was as clear as water. Seeing Luo Zheng looking at her with concern, she smiled at him and said, "I'm fine."
Luo Zheng's expression was strange. He looked at the wound on Mu Mingxue's finger with some doubt. "This is …"
"Just now, I was afraid that the Snow Demon would confuse me, so I used my true essence to condense an ice spike. Then, I pinched it in my hand … After the time it takes to burn an incense stick, if I don't melt this ice spike, it will explode," Mu Mingxue said with a smile.
The Snow Demon had originally set up an illusion to make the warrior immersed in a beautiful dream and unable to escape. It would use this opportunity to devour the warrior's soul and take over the warrior's body.
However, Mu Mingxue's little trick had a miraculous effect. When she felt the pain, she could use this opportunity to escape from the Snow Demon's dream …
Even Luo Zheng couldn't help but exclaim in admiration. He realized that Mu Mingxue's strength wasn't that great, but her brain was very useful. She knew how to use some small tricks, and at many crucial moments, these small tricks could play a considerable role!
After that, more and more warriors woke up …
Although the Snow Demon was powerful, for a cultivator to be able to persist to this point, their hearts of martial arts wouldn't be too bad. Or rather, it would be very difficult for them to have any major flaws.
Therefore, most cultivators were able to break free from the Snow Demon's illusion. Only a small number of cultivators lost themselves and had their bodies taken over by the Snow Demon. Faced with such a situation, the other cultivators could only choose to kill them.
There were also a few cultivators who, after falling into the illusion, didn't maintain a proper falling posture. Their bodies drifted towards the edge of the abyss and directly smashed into the ice spikes on the abyss wall. The light ones were bleeding from their heads, while the heavy ones were seriously injured. They had no choice but to activate the Divine Rune of Regression and leave this Abyss of Samsara. This could be considered bad luck, because according to their previous experience, one could obtain a reward after circling the Abyss of Samsara once. Now that they had passed through the Snow Demon's illusion, the second circle should be the end.
Sure enough, not long after, another protruding stone platform appeared below them …
After the remaining cultivators saw this stone platform, their expressions were all shaken!
Everyone had risked their lives to stay and fall down from this abyss. Their goal was to see this stone platform!
However, compared to the previous stone platform, this stone platform was slightly different. The entire stone platform was wrapped in a thick layer of ice. Luo Zheng adjusted his direction and landed on the stone platform.
With the momentum of his impact, even if it was a hundred feet thick layer of ice, he would be able to shatter it. However, when Luo Zheng stepped on the ice, there were only two crisp sounds. There wasn't even a single footprint on the three inch layer of ice that wrapped around the stone platform. It was obvious that the ancient Empyrean had done something special.
The other cultivators landed on the stone platform one after another.
However, at this moment, a tragic scene occurred. Hou San, who had followed Ai Hu all the way here, because his position was closer to the outside, he also adjusted his direction after discovering the stone platform. However, he didn't expect that he would slip down from the layer of ice …
"This …" Luo Zheng's eyes narrowed.
Ai Hu, who was beside Luo Zheng, smiled faintly, "Hehe, I can only wish this fellow good luck." He didn't have a good impression of the seven Hou brothers. To him, it would be best if Hou Da died. Even if he didn't die, Ai Hu might not let him go once they left this underground palace.
Hou San had basically entered the third Samsara Abyss. As for whether he could survive the third Samsara Abyss or activate the Divine Rune of Regression, that would depend on his own choice.
Now that everyone was standing on the stone platform, how could they still pay attention to such a person? They all rushed towards the cave behind the stone platform. It could even be said that they were scrambling to be the first to enter.
If they could obtain extraordinary treasures in the first cave, then the treasures in the second cave would naturally not be ordinary. All the cultivators were filled with anticipation!
"What's in the second cave?" Luo Zheng couldn't help but shake his head as he looked at the cultivators' anxious expressions.
"Ancient treasures," Xun replied succinctly. "These are the various ancient treasures left behind by the ancient Empyrean …"
"Ancient treasures? Isn't that … "
"It's useless. 100,000 years ago, I only went in for a stroll and then left," Xun replied.
Even if it was a divine tool, if it wasn't given special protection, it would be difficult to resist the erosion of time. Any magic treasure or weapon would gradually weaken with the passage of time. The ancient Empyrean had established this Samsara Abyss for who knew how many billions of years. Even if the ancient treasures left behind were extraordinary back then, they would most likely have lost their effect by now …
In this cave, the cultivators stood in a row. In front of them was a mountain of treasures.
Swords, halberds, spears, sabers, hammers, bows, axes …
There were all kinds of weapons, but everyone's faces revealed a pained expression.
These weapons were basically divine artifacts back in the day, but after experiencing the ravages of countless years, they had long become a pile of scrap metal!
Although these weapons weren't rusted or damaged, their surfaces were all greyish white and no longer had their original luster.
In the three Holy Lands of the Yin Luo World, even if the cultivators were at the Ultimate Divine Stage, most of them could only wear a secondary third grade divine tool. As for third grade and secondary second grade divine tools, they were extremely rare existences. The grades of these ancient treasures weren't low. The lowest grade was a secondary second grade divine tool. There were even some secondary first grade and first grade divine tools.
It was a pity that the Heaven's Divination Essence in these ancient treasures had long flowed away with the passage of time. The divine patterns engraved on them were also incomplete. After all, the materials used to engrave the divine patterns had a time limit. Some outstanding divine tools might still be the same after a million years, but they couldn't withstand the erosion of tens of millions or even hundreds of millions of years. With such a long time span, they couldn't even be called "ancient treasures" …
It was no wonder that Xun had only walked around once when she came here.
Some cultivators were unwilling to give up. They might not be able to make it to the next cave, and weapons were what they lacked the most. After hesitating for a while, they all entered and began to rummage through the treasures, hoping that luck would favor them and they would be able to find something special.
Thus, the various weapons that were originally piled up like a mountain were picked by many cultivators, one by one.
If they saw an ancient treasure that they were satisfied with, they would still put it into their spatial rings even though they knew that it was just scrap metal. Although these ancient treasures had lost their effects and weren't worth much, they still had a certain collection value. Of course, the value wouldn't be too high …
Mu Mingxue blinked her eyes and then joined the ranks of the people rummaging through the treasures.
Luo Zheng didn't join this group. It wasn't that he looked down on these treasures, but he still had a little doubt in his heart.
Were these ancient treasures the legacy of the ancient Celestial Venerate? It didn't seem right. The ancient Celestial Venerate had meticulously arranged this Abyss of Samsara, and then spread the method and key to open the underground palace nine times throughout the universe. It must have taken a lot of effort. Then, he should have foreseen that the weapons he left behind would inevitably become a pile of scrap metal after hundreds of millions of years.