Compared to the previous cave, this cave was obviously smaller, and one could almost see the whole picture at a glance.
There wasn't anything out of the ordinary in the surroundings …
When Luo Zheng saw that Mu Mingxue was carefully picking out the ancient treasures, he naturally wouldn't leave first. Instead, he strolled around the cave.
After wandering around, Luo Zheng was even more certain that there were no other mysteries in this cave.
When Luo Zheng turned back to look, the ancient treasures that had been piled up into a small mountain had been reduced to half in just a short period of time.
Luo Zheng couldn't help but shake his head at the sight of this. After the Heaven Evolution Essence had dissipated, the value of these ancient treasures really wasn't that great.
A faint smile hung on his face. Just as he was about to take a step forward, he discovered that not far ahead, there was a sword standing upright on the ground.
"This sword … I'm afraid it can't even be considered an Ancient Treasure. I wonder who placed this sword here." Luo Zheng's eyes narrowed slightly, but his face once again revealed a doubtful expression.
Although the ancient treasures that had been piled up into a small mountain had dissipated due to the passage of time, strictly speaking, every single one of them was an exquisite item …
As for the sword in front of him, it seemed to be of inferior quality. Even the blade was blunted. Was this really a sword?
Although he didn't get what he wanted in the cave, Luo Zheng was not discouraged. However, at the sight of this sword, Luo Zheng became interested in it.
Thinking up to this point, Luo Zheng took two steps forward and reached out to grab the exposed blade of the sword. Then, he exerted a little force … but it didn't move an inch!
"Eh?"
Luo Zheng was even more curious. Although he only used a little bit of strength, it would be easy for him to pull out a sword. This sword seemed to be buried very deep.
Therefore, after Luo Zheng stood still, he firmly grasped the sword with both hands. The sword's edge was already blunt, so it wouldn't cut his hands. However, even if it wasn't blunt, with Luo Zheng's current physical strength, it shouldn't be too much of a hindrance to him.
Grabbing the sword, Luo Zheng suddenly exerted his strength!
A huge force suddenly rose upwards!
"Rumble …"
At this moment, the entire cave began to shake.
The martial artists who were still picking through the abandoned ancient treasures suddenly raised their heads and observed the movements around them. Soon, everyone's eyes locked onto Luo Zheng!
"What is that guy pulling?"
"It looks like a sword. It's definitely not an ordinary item!"
"Quick, let's go and take a look!"
"What's the use of going there? You dare to snatch something from Luo Zheng's hands? "
In the eyes of these martial artists, Luo Zheng had already become an evil star. Who would dare to provoke him?
As Luo Zheng lifted the "sword", countless cracks began to appear under his feet. Then, a black object was pulled out by Luo Zheng from those cracks!
"What … is this?" Luo Zheng couldn't help but step back when he was halfway through.
Luo Zheng originally thought that it was an ancient sword. However, when Luo Zheng pulled out the "sword" halfway, he realized that he had taken it for granted!
What Luo Zheng grabbed was not a sword. Below the sword was a head made of metal, and below the head was a neck connected to a body made of metal.
"A … puppet." Luo Zheng's eyes narrowed as he spat out two words.
Puppets were not very common things, but they were definitely not rare either. However, the puppet in front of him was very strange. It was different from the Afo in Holy Realm Dwellers' Mansion, and it was also different from the puppetry techniques in the Central Domain.
On top of the puppet's head, there was a sharp object that looked very much like the body of a sword. The puppet was buried in the ground, and only the "sword body" stood up abruptly …
It was unknown why there was a puppet buried in this cave.
The Abyss of Samsara had been opened six times. In the first five times, no one had discovered this secret. Last time, Xun only wandered around here once and then left. Of course, she couldn't answer Luo Zheng's question.
The other warriors looked over, and their faces revealed a fiery expression. Although they didn't know what it was, the things found in this abyss were not trivial. It would be a lie to say that they didn't want it.
However, when they thought about the miserable state of the Demon Clan warrior who had awakened the bloodline of the Ancient Fierce Ape in the last cave, they could only suppress the greed in their hearts. This greed could drive them to act, but Luo Zheng's strength could stop them!
Looking at the unique puppet in front of him, Luo Zheng also looked left and right.
Thinking carefully, this puppet was originally not a living creature, but a man-made one. Everyone's aesthetic was different, and the shape of the puppet created was also very strange. Therefore, no matter how unique this puppet's shape was, it was not strange.
However, since those ancient treasures had been left here for countless years and had become waste, then this puppet should be no different from waste, right?
When this thought flashed through Luo Zheng's mind, an almost inaudible voice floated towards Luo Zheng …
"You, you have … alas …"
The voice was dry, harsh, and very weak. Even if Luo Zheng listened carefully, he couldn't clearly hear what the puppet was saying.
However, no matter what this puppet said, it proved one thing, this puppet was still "alive".
Since this was the case, Luo Zheng's interest naturally increased!
Although this puppet had been talking endlessly, Luo Zheng was too lazy to listen. This time, he directly grabbed the puppet's head and pulled it up, dragging the puppet's entire body to the ground. Anyway, this puppet's material looked ordinary, but it was still very sturdy.
"Boom!"
After pulling out the puppet, Luo Zheng threw it to the side, making a loud noise!
Although this puppet's shape was very strange, with a bald oval head and body, and a "sword" ornament on top, it still had four limbs, similar to a human's appearance.
Throughout the entire process, the puppet was still whispering, completely unable to understand what it was trying to say. Perhaps it was too weak, or perhaps it was too old to speak normally.
After Luo Zheng circled the puppet and observed it, he found a small groove on the puppet's back.
Seeing this groove, Luo Zheng faintly smiled.
Among martial artists, there were also those who specialized in puppetry. For example, the Cloud Hall's Daoist Master Dameng's puppetry technique was quite formidable, and the energy they provided to their puppets was often their own true essence.
The puppet in front of him was also likely to be powered by true essence.
In any case, there was no harm in giving it a try. Thinking of this, Luo Zheng took out a top grade true essence stone from his spatial ring and stuffed it into the groove on the puppet's back.
The moment Luo Zheng stuffed the top grade true essence stone into the groove, the puppet suddenly shouted excitedly, "I, I can still …"
Then, the voice weakened again, and Luo Zheng could no longer hear what it was saying.
Seeing this scene, Luo Zheng's eyes revealed a trace of confusion, but as he stared at the groove, he instantly understood. A top grade true essence stone had been used up in an instant!
This guy … Luo Zheng was also somewhat speechless. The true essence contained in the top grade true essence stone was far from enough, and the puppet's true essence consumption rate was also astonishing.
Without thinking too much, Luo Zheng took out another piece of Zhen Yuanyu from his spatial ring and stuffed it into the groove …
"I, I can still come back to life! I really can't believe it! "The puppet shouted excitedly again.
Luo Zheng looked at the puppet indifferently, and then asked, "Who are you?"
The puppet looked at Luo Zheng, and then with a "click", "click", the puppet moved its feet, and after a while, it smiled and said, "I … am Shenzi Shenzi! Hehe … "
The puppet probably thought that saying this name would shock the cultivators in the cave, and there was a trace of pride in its tone.
However, after it finished speaking, the cultivators just stared at the puppet in a daze.
"What is Shenzi Shenzi?"
"I've never heard of it …"
"Does this name have a great origin?"
Luo Zheng also asked in his mind. Not only had Xun not heard of it, but even the experienced and knowledgeable Qinglong also didn't know who Shenzi Shenzi was.
"You … don't even know who Shenzi Shenzi is!" The puppet's voice contained a trace of grief and indignation, "I am the world's number one refiner! Are the young people nowadays so ignorant and ill-informed? "
＝＝＝＝＝