The number one blacksmith in the universe, this title was indeed resounding enough.
Even if these juniors were ignorant and had never heard of Shenzi Shenzi's name, it should still be enough to shock them!
Although the puppet was indignant, there was still a trace of pride amidst its grief and indignation …
However, many cultivators were still staring blankly at the puppet. Of course, Luo Zheng was one of them.
"The number one blacksmith in the universe?"
"What the f * ck are you bragging about? A broken puppet, the number one blacksmith …"
"Isn't the number one blacksmith in the universe, Xu Qingfeng of the Demi-Immortal Tribe?"
Blacksmiths played a very important role in the world of cultivators. Although the Holy Lands of the various races had their own blacksmiths, truly outstanding blacksmiths were still very rare. The Universal Myriad Spirit Stele was often changed because of the existence of these blacksmiths.
The title of the number one blacksmith in the universe was like thunder to most cultivators' ears!
There was no doubt that the number one weapon refiner in the entire universe was Xu Qingfeng. No one dared to doubt this conclusion. The reason was very simple … the supreme artifacts ranked first to tenth on the Myriad Spirit Stele were all made by Xu Qingfeng alone!
Although everyone was puzzled by the origin of this puppet, how could they believe it when it said that it was the number one blacksmith in the universe?
"I'm not bragging! I'm Shenzi Shenzi! Go back and ask your elders, I … "Shenzi Shenzi was dancing with joy, and his words became even more agitated. However, as he spoke, his voice became softer and softer. In the end, the puppet was unable to move, and its voice returned to an inaudible level.
Most likely, the Zhen Yuanyu that Luo Zheng had stuffed in had been used up by this puppet …
"This puppet is quite interesting. I can bring it back to the Holy Land of Yulan to study it." A human cultivator walked forward with a smile, holding ten Zhen Yuanyu in his hand. He wanted to replenish the Zhen Yuanyu for the puppet.
This human cultivator's mind was very flexible. Although this puppet was discovered by Luo Zheng and dug out by Luo Zheng, it seemed that the puppet had its own thoughts and could treat him as a living thing.
This way, the puppet would be able to decide who it wanted to follow!
He gave the ten Zhen Yuanyu to Shenzi Shenzi to please the puppet. If he could convince the puppet to follow him, Luo Zheng would not stop him.
However, he had only taken a few steps when one of his legs was stuck to the ground, and he could no longer lift it. Luo Zheng stared at the human cultivator. Although there was no killing intent in his eyes, the human cultivator did not dare to act rashly. He did not want to die!
Luo Zheng smiled faintly. He once again took out dozens of True Yuan Jades and stuffed them into the grooves on the back of the puppet.
Shenzi Shenzi Shenzi, "Shenzi," Shenzi Shenzi Shenzi Shenzi Shenzi Shenzi, Shenzi Shenzi … "
Refined God Zi stared blankly at Luo Zheng. Luo Zheng said, "Since you call yourself the number one craftsman in the universe, does that mean you know how to craft?"
"Of course!" Refined Shenzi pointed at the mountain of artifacts. "These are all my creations. They're all mine … What's wrong with them?" Finally, he managed to speak normally. Then, he started to act strangely again. He cried with grief and indignation, "Why? Why are they all dead?!"
Luo Zheng's eyelids couldn't help but tremble. He felt that he had met a lunatic.
It was just a pile of Divine Artifacts. How could they die?
Refined God Child walked over and knelt on the pile of ancient treasures. He grabbed the treasures and looked very sad.
"He is indeed a lunatic." Xun's voice came into Luo Zheng's mind.
However, at this time, Qinglong said faintly, "No, this person … is not crazy."
Luo Zheng's eyes lit up. He asked, "What do you mean?"
"I'm not obsessed with crafting. However, my fourth brother is an expert craftsman of the True Dragon Tribe," Qinglong said calmly.
So far, only two of the nine True Dragons had awakened. The fourth brother Qinglong was referring to was the fourth in the Nine Dragons Tribe, the Green Dragon.
Qinglong only described his fourth brother as an expert craftsman because the True Dragon Tribe wasn't good at crafting. After all, the Divine Beasts didn't care much about weapons and treasures. They couldn't be compared to the craftsmen of the Human Tribe.
"Although my fourth brother isn't very skilled in crafting, he's always been obsessed with it. Every time he talks about crafting, he believes that each Divine Artifact he crafted has its own soul. It's like they're creatures of his own creation. He even believes that they're related to his bloodline …" Qinglong continued.
It was hard to say whether Refining Shenzi was a master craftsman of the Universe, but Qinglong believed that he must have a special interest in crafting.
Refining Shenzi grieved for a while, then picked up one of the daggers and said, "Although this Flying Lu Dagger is only a second-grade Divine Artifact, I've bound the Heaven's Divination Essence in it and stabilized it with Divine Runes. Although the Heaven's Divination Essence in it will slowly dissipate, it will take at least three hundred million years …" Refining Shenzi murmured, "But now, the Heaven's Divination Essence has completely dissipated. How many years have passed?"
Three hundred million years?
"Heavens, that's so long!"
"Three hundred million years … Can a Heavenly Venerate live that long?"
"I heard that they can. A Heavenly Venerate's lifespan is different for ordinary cultivators like us!"
Even for cultivators with long lifespans, this time span was almost unimaginable.
However, Luo Zheng's eyes narrowed slightly when he heard this.
Three hundred million years was just Refining Shenzi's own estimation. The actual time should be much longer than that.
The origin of the ancient Heavenly Venerate was originally very mysterious, but this Refining Shenzi claimed to be the number one craftsman in the Universe. No matter how he thought about it, there was a trace of strangeness to this matter.
"No matter what, a long time has passed. I just don't understand one thing. Since you're a craftsman, why did you become a puppet?" Luo Zheng asked.
Refining Shenzi said coldly, "What do you know? A craftsman is destined to not go far on the Martial Dao. My body is just a shell to me. This puppet body is something I personally created for myself! Only this way can I immerse myself in the path of crafting and obtain a longer lifespan! "
He made himself into a puppet …
This Refining Shenzi wasn't just fanatical about crafting!
Thinking of this, Luo Zheng's lips curled slightly. There was a crafting workshop in Immortal Mansion!
The workshop hadn't been opened yet, but as Luo Zheng's cultivation increased, he would once again step onto the Path of Extinction. If he could get the token to open the workshop, Refining Shenzi would be able to use it!
It didn't matter to Luo Zheng whether or not he was the number one craftsman in the Universe. However, since Refining Shenzi was able to craft so many divine weapons, his crafting techniques and techniques must be good. The key was that he was a puppet. If he had other origins or was a craftsman from a large clan, Luo Zheng probably wouldn't have considered bringing him into Immortal Mansion.
Thinking of this, Luo Zheng suddenly smiled and asked, "Do you still want to craft?"
"Nonsense, this old man's life is to craft weapons. If I couldn't craft weapons, this old man would've already committed suicide!" Refining Shenzi's voice became louder.
It was just a casual question. There was no need to be so agitated. Luo Zheng was slightly speechless. Then, Luo Zheng said again, "If that's the case, I have a weapon workshop. It's enough for you."
"Good place? Hehe … "Lian Shenzi said arrogantly," There really isn't a forge in this universe that can accommodate me … "He paused for a moment before continuing," But I can make do. "
Refined Shenzi's attitude changed quickly. A person like him wasn't too picky when it came to refining tools. However, he still had to show his existence. How could he be interested in an ordinary place?