Luo Zheng grabbed Refined Shenzi tightly into his Spirit Beast Pouch and glanced at him.
The other cultivators all had a trace of envy on their faces …
They didn't know if Refined Shenzi's refining skills were good, but Refined Shenzi had said that he had personally refined the ancient treasures in front of them.
The grades of these ancient treasures were not low either. A blacksmith like this would be a very popular existence in any tenth-grade holy land.
Even if Refined Shenzi was a liar, he had lived as a puppet for so many years. At the very least, he should be able to unravel the secrets of this underground palace!
Now that Luo Zheng had stuffed Refined Shenzi into his Spirit Beast Pouch, the other cultivators were naturally very unhappy.
There was nothing they could do about it. Luo Zheng had no intention of reasoning with anyone in this underground palace. Moreover, he had stuffed Refined Shenzi into his Spirit Beast Pouch because he didn't want Refined Shenzi to reveal too many secrets …
Apart from the cultivators of the three Holy Lands, the three Holy Lords outside the underground palace were also very unhappy.
The human Holy Lord shook his head. "This kid is too much. He shouldn't have taken all the treasures for himself!"
The Holy Lord knew how important a refiner who could refine a divine weapon was to a tenth rank Holy Land. The lack of divine weapons in the Yulan Holy Land was a constant source of headaches for the Holy Lord.
Although the Yulan Holy Land was responsible for some trade, it was only a trade channel for the alliance. The real benefits would never be theirs.
"Haha, let him eat to his heart's content in the Abyss of Samsara. This kid seems to have gained a lot, but he'll have to leave this underground palace eventually. Let's see if he has the life to leave the Asura Yin World!" The demon Holy Lord sneered.
His words made the human Holy Lord's face darken. "No matter what, this kid is from the Thirteen Palaces. If he can return safely, I will ensure his safety. Don't think of such ideas again …"
Luo Zheng, who was in the underground palace, naturally couldn't hear their conversation. After stuffing Refined Shenzi into his Spirit Beast Pouch, he summoned Mu Mingxue and left the cave. As for the pile of ancient treasures, Luo Zheng didn't even look at them.
When Mu Mingxue heard Luo Zheng's call, she hurriedly collected a few ancient treasures and followed behind Luo Zheng, satisfied.
In her heart, she was calculating how many True Origin Jades these ancient treasures could be sold for. Just now, she had carefully selected a dozen or so ancient treasures of extraordinary quality. Although these ancient treasures were not worth much, if they could be sold for a few True Origin Jades, she would be very happy …
The remaining ancient treasures were quickly divided up by the other martial artists until there was nothing left.
It was easy to imagine how depressed the cultivators of the three clans were. In the first cave, Luo Zheng had obtained the World Tree Seed. In the second cave, there was a pile of broken ancient treasures, but Luo Zheng had taken away a puppet of unknown origin that was obviously of great importance. It seemed that they were destined to accompany the Crown Prince in his studies during this exploration of the underground palace!
However, although they felt it was unfair in their hearts, they still followed behind Luo Zheng without any prior agreement.
In fact, they subconsciously believed that Luo Zheng's strength was extraordinary and that he could lead them deeper into the abyss.
"Let's … continue down." Luo Zheng smiled at Mu Mingxue. He slipped and fell into the abyss.
Mu Mingxue didn't say anything. She trusted Luo Zheng completely. She tilted her body slightly and jumped down as well.
The other cultivators, such as Ai Hu and the others, followed behind Luo Zheng and entered the abyss again …
Just as Xun had described, the abyss was actually a "ring". Luo Zheng and the others felt that they were falling continuously in this abyss, but in fact, they were flying around a huge "ring".
Every time they circled around the ring, a new cave would appear!
According to Xun's speculation, there should be a limit to the number of rounds in this ring. The ancient Celestial Venerable should have only set up five rounds of tests in this ring.
100,000 years ago, Xun had passed four rounds of tests. The biggest secret of this Abyss of Samsara should be after the fifth round …
Luo Zheng's goal this time was to reach the fifth round of the Abyss of Samsara.
At present, he had only passed two rounds, and the third round had just begun!
Under this kind of falling, everyone was used to it. Everyone maintained a certain angle, and their bodies sank slightly. This way, if there was any danger, they could adjust their posture immediately to deal with it.
Apart from Mu Mingxue, Luo Zheng, and Ai Hu, the other cultivators who were able to persevere until now were all at the Ultimate Divine Realm.
At this time, Mu Mingxue had already thought of retreating.
Perhaps with Luo Zheng's help, Mu Mingxue could go further. But after thinking about it, she decided to activate the Divine Rune of Regression after observing for a while. She could choose to wait for Luo Zheng outside the underground palace!
This fall lasted for about half an hour, but there was no danger. There was not the slightest movement in the abyss.
But at this time, no one relaxed. After all, from the experience of the previous two falls, the beginning of the fall was generally relatively safe, and the danger often appeared in an instant. So at this time, everyone became more and more cautious!
After all, in the second cave, no one had obtained many benefits. They had only obtained some abandoned ancient treasures. They could only place their hopes on the third cave!
"I've found it. Everyone, be careful." The golden-haired woman from the Demon Night Clan had been looking down the entire time.
Luo Zheng also focused his gaze and looked down into the abyss. He frowned slightly and said, "What is this?"
Everyone saw a blood-red color appear at the bottom of the abyss. The instant that blood-red color appeared, every cultivator's heart suddenly shrank!
"What, what a powerful killing intent!"
"This killing intent … How can we resist it!"
"Maintain your state of mind, and you won't be affected by this killing intent!"
As the group continued to descend, the surrounding abyss walls began to change color. Cracks began to appear on the abyss walls, and within those cracks, there was a red light that flowed, as if it was the blood vessels of some living creature. The endless killing intent was also being released from the abyss walls!
In order to avoid the killing intent, everyone gathered at the center of the abyss and began to move away from the walls.
Under normal circumstances, killing intent wouldn't have much of an effect on cultivators.
After all, killing creatures would cause one to be contaminated with killing intent. Everyone had cultivated to the Ultimate Divine Realm, and it was difficult to calculate the number of creatures that had died by their hands.
Generally, a martial artist's infernal energy was within a controllable range. However, some martial artists who cultivated evil techniques needed to obtain infernal energy. They needed to kill more living beings in order to gather even more infernal energy …
If there was too much killing intent, it would create a heart demon in a cultivator's heart. This was especially true when they cultivated, as it was very easy for them to go berserk.
Looking at it this way, although the killing intent in the abyss was dense, it wouldn't have much of an effect on these cultivators. After all, the killing intent wasn't attached to their bodies. Thus, although many cultivators were a bit nervous when faced with the surging killing intent, they weren't afraid.
However, after a short while, these cultivators discovered that they were completely wrong.
As they continued to descend, the killing intent in the abyss became more and more intense. At first, the blood-red light only flowed along the cracks on the abyss walls. However, as everyone continued to descend, the killing intent condensed into red light spots that floated throughout the abyss.
These light spots were everywhere. Even if they floated in the center of the abyss, they couldn't avoid them. The light spots constantly collided with Luo Zheng and the other cultivators.
As for the red light spots condensed by the killing intent, as long as they touched them, they would directly enter the cultivators' bodies and be smoothly absorbed …