Killing was addictive, and as more and more creatures were killed, the influence of the infernal aura would become deeper and deeper.
These red dots of light were highly concentrated infernal aura. A single dot of light was almost equivalent to killing hundreds of thousands of creatures. Under this constant absorption, the impact on them could not be said to be small!
Just like Mu Mingxue, her chest was constantly heaving up and down, and her pair of gentle and quiet eyes were now flashing with a touch of red light.
Like other cultivators, Mu Mingxue's heart was also restless. Everything she saw, she could not help but want to tear it apart! Even if she tried her best to restrain herself, her rationality was rapidly disappearing …
"Hu …"
She suddenly condensed a cold aura!
But that cold aura was not released to other cultivators, but to cover herself!
She did not open her protective true essence, and releasing it like this was equivalent to cutting herself. In an instant, she almost froze herself!
It was also because of the invasion of this cold aura that Mu Mingxue's spirit was lifted, allowing her to maintain her clarity of mind!
The other cultivators could no longer hold back at this time!
The first to erupt was the Demon Race cultivators …
The Demon Race was originally extremely warlike and bloodthirsty. The infernal aura in their bodies was originally much more than that of other cultivators. Such a huge amount of infernal aura directly stimulated the originally restless blood in their bodies!
"Roar!"
A Demon Race cultivator roared. Under the tension of the muscles all over his body, his meridians bulged like earthworms, and he slammed into a human cultivator next to him.
And the human cultivator was not to be outdone. There was no fear on his face, and he actually chose to meet the Demon Race cultivator head-on!
"Peng!"
With a muffled sound, after the violent collision, the two were simultaneously repelled and bounced back on the abyss wall!
Whether it was the Demon Race cultivator or the human cultivator, they were seriously injured under this collision. Blood flowed from their eyes, ears, mouth, and nose, but no pain could be seen on their faces. The two cultivators slammed the abyss wall, and with the momentum of the impact, they launched another attack on each other!
Previously, everyone avoided the infernal aura on the abyss wall and gathered in the center of the abyss. This time, under the influence of this strong infernal aura, they fell into a frenzy, killing each other, and suddenly became a mess!
"I'm going to tear you apart!"
Another Demon Race cultivator madly roared. A Demon Race cultivator had been caught by this Demon Race cultivator.
It was not that this Demon Race cultivator's strength was inferior to this Demon Race cultivator, but her heart was more resolute. Although she was affected by the infernal aura, she did not completely lose her reason...... she was still bitterly holding on, and because she was caught off guard by the Demon Race cultivator!
Compared to the Demon Race's burly and muscular body, the Demon Night Clan's woman was slender and slender. How could she break free from his grasp?
As long as the Demon Race cultivator used a little bit of strength, the Demon Night Clan woman would be torn in half.
........... to.......................
...... but at..............
.......
................................ to....
. Luo Zheng held her bow with an indifferent expression.
The lives of the cultivators of the three Holy Lands had nothing to do with Luo Zheng, but in the end, these Demon Race cultivators were Xun's people. Although Xun did not say anything or suggest that she help the Demon Race, compared to the Demon Race, Luo Zheng still had a good impression of the Demon Race ….
Luo Zheng's eyes were still clear. It was not that the infernal aura could not affect Luo Zheng.
In fact, when he touched the red dots of light, his heart had also sped up, and he had fallen into an indescribable frenzy.
The red dots of light condensed from the infernal aura were simply too powerful.
If a person's heart was pure and did not have the slightest desire to kill, then no amount of infernal aura would be able to disturb their state of mind.
For example, if some ignorant children were thrown into this abyss and had them absorb the red dots of light, it would not affect them at all. This was because the world of children was incomparably pure!
However, which cultivator who had stepped onto the Martial Dao had not grown up in the midst of slaughter?
Luo Zheng could not be considered to be a bloodthirsty person, but the desire to kill still existed in his heart. When the infernal aura entered his heart, it would magnify his Heart of Slaughter by countless times. The more infernal aura he absorbed, the more his Heart of Slaughter would be magnified ….
However, the infernal aura's effect on Luo Zheng was only limited to a few breaths of time. After a few breaths of time, Luo Zheng would continuously store the infernal aura he had absorbed into the Slaughter Sword Mountain.
When Luo Zheng had entered the Slaughter Sword Mountain and stabbed one of his swords into the mountain, he had established a connection with the Slaughter Sword Mountain.
He could store all the infernal aura he had absorbed into the Slaughter Sword Mountain, and he could also 'extract' his own infernal aura from the Slaughter Sword Mountain. However, Luo Zheng had not completely mastered the Slaughter Sword Dao, so after returning to the Central Domain, Luo Zheng had rarely used the infernal aura.
Since there was an endless stream of infernal aura being absorbed, Luo Zheng did not have the slightest taboo. However much he absorbed, he stored. Thus, the infernal aura did not affect Luo Zheng at all!
However, Luo Zheng did not know how much infernal aura this Slaughter Sword Mountain could hold ….
Ever since he had comprehended the 'Yi Shen Sword', Luo Zheng had begun to re-examine the Slaughter Sword Mountain. Up until now, Luo Zheng had not been able to fully display the might of the 'Yi Shen Sword'. No matter how much he tried to comprehend it, he always felt that something was missing. It was like a puzzle. Luo Zheng was able to easily put together 99 pieces, but there was only one last piece left, which was also the most important piece of the puzzle.
Empyrean Yi Sword-wielding was the master of the Slaughter Sword Mountain. Perhaps the most important secret of the 'Yi Shen Sword' lay within the Slaughter Sword Mountain!
Many martial artists fell as they fought each other. They were like moths circling in the air, constantly colliding but quickly separating. Fortunately, it was impossible to fly freely in this abyss, so relatively speaking, the speed at which they killed each other was also reduced.
However, in less than an incense stick's worth of time, besides the demon martial artist whose head had been blown off by Luo Zheng's arrow, a Yao Ye Clan martial artist and two human martial artists had also fallen.
Although Mu Mingxue had been bitterly persevering, as more and more infernal aura accumulated in her body, she had finally lost herself!
Her originally brown eyes had now turned scarlet. With a light wave of her hands, ten slender ice blades appeared at her fingertips.
"You …. Die!"
When a martial artist was in a frenzy, they would prioritize attacking the person closest to them. Luo Zheng had always been by Mu Mingxue's side. Naturally, he would be Mu Mingxue's first target.
Whoosh whoosh whoosh ….
As Mu Mingxue's ten fingers danced like shuttles, transparent ice blades flew towards Luo Zheng.
Facing those ice blades, Luo Zheng could only reveal a bitter smile. Then, he waved his fists, and a sharp fist light appeared!
Bang bang bang bang ….
The fist light danced out, directly shattering all the ice blades.
While shattering the ice blades, Luo Zheng continued to approach Mu Mingxue ….
With Mu Mingxue's current strength, it was destined that she would not be able to harm Luo Zheng. When Luo Zheng approached, she suddenly reached out to grab Mu Mingxue.
Although Mu Mingxue was in a frenzy, her fighting instincts were stimulated to the extreme by the killing intent. With a slight twist of her waist, she stretched out her leg and abruptly kicked Luo Zheng's chest. With a flip, two ice hairpins appeared in her hands, and she stabbed them towards Luo Zheng's ears!
To a martial artist, killing intent was not only harmful. In fact, killing intent could stimulate a martial artist's fighting instincts to the extreme. The strength Mu Mingxue displayed this time was at least 30% higher than usual. If an ordinary martial artist were to face Mu Mingxue's series of attacks, it would be very difficult for them to guard against it.
Unfortunately, Mu Mingxue's opponent was Luo Zheng. He still had a faint smile on his face. He tilted his head back slightly, avoiding the two ice hairpins from Mu Mingxue. Taking advantage of the time when Mu Mingxue crossed her arms, Luo Zheng single-handedly locked her slender arms and pulled her in front of him.
Even if her hands were locked, Mu Mingxue did not give up resisting. She twisted her hands, trying to break free from Luo Zheng's grasp.
＝＝＝＝＝