Luo Zheng had forcibly cultivated the Primal Chaos Secret Technique with his magic treasure body. At that time, the world within his body had undergone the most fundamental change.
If the Exalted Tool Refining Technique had allowed Luo Zheng to embark on a completely different path of Body Refining, then the Primal Chaos Secret Technique had allowed Luo Zheng to embark on a completely different path of Cultivation.
The True Dragons weren't sure if the world within their body, which was built on the foundation of Primal Chaos, could really evolve into another Divine Realm, or how far Luo Zheng could go on this path.
But they knew that if they continued down this path, Luo Zheng was destined to surpass their imaginations in the future.
This source of energy flowed from Luo Zheng's chest all the way down, spreading towards his dantian and escaping into Luo Zheng's inner world.
At this moment, the area of Luo Zheng's inner world was growing larger and larger, and the number of species born within it was also gradually increasing.
An ape was nimbly climbing through the shrubs, feeding on a sweet berry.
This ape had already evolved a trace of intelligence, and knew to avoid some of the ferocious beasts and poisonous insects on this land. Apart from this, what this ape was most interested in was the unimaginably huge tree at the end of the land.
There seemed to be something special on that tree, and it exuded a boundless attraction.
But with the ape's strength, it was still unable to climb such a tall tree …
Today, this ape's harvest was pretty good. After picking a lot of berries, it decided to return to its cave, where there were still baby apes crying piteously for food. They lived in groups.
At this moment, the ape suddenly heard an explosion, causing it to tremble in fear.
At this moment, the ape finally raised its head and began to look up at the starry sky for the first time!
The deep starry sky deeply attracted the ape's attention. This was the first time in Luo Zheng's inner world that a creature began to consciously look up at the starry sky.
Where was the depths of the sky …
Where was the place beyond the sky?
The ape already knew how to think, but with its experience, it clearly couldn't imagine it. It didn't even have the concept of "sky". It was only instinctively curious and thinking.
"Boom …"
Following that explosion, a multicolored thin line appeared in the sky.
That thin line terrified the ape, because the color of this thin line was very similar to the color of a seven-colored snake on the land. It looked like a long seven-colored snake.
This snake constantly spiraled in the sky, as if it was about to split the sky …
Not long after, this snake began to slowly curl up, forming a ball, which looked like some unknown round fruit.
The source of energy had a fatal attraction to any creature, even the creatures in Luo Zheng's inner world.
That round fruit looked very delicious, and the ape couldn't help but extend its claws towards the ball in the sky................
After the first round ball appeared, the second round ball quickly appeared, followed by the third, fourth, and fifth round balls …
The ape stretched out two claws and then retracted the fingers on one of the claws. There were nine claws. It already knew how to count. Nine claws meant nine.
........
At this moment, the strange cry of a ferocious beast rang out beside it.
The ape stopped observing the astronomical phenomenon. On this land, although apes were smart, they were far from being a match for some ferocious beasts. To fight these ferocious beasts, these apes had to become even smarter.
At this moment, it hugged its bountiful harvest of berries and followed a hidden path back to its cave.
On the whole land, all the creatures were looking up at the sky at this moment.
However, other than that ape, the other creatures looked up at the sky out of the most instinctive restlessness, from the attraction of the source of energy. They didn't have the most basic intelligence, and didn't know how to think.
Vast amounts of source of energy gathered continuously.
According to Professor Chi Long's method, they began to construct stars …
A martial artist's inner world had all the essential elements of life, but there were no stars.
Even in a true god's inner world, there were still no stars.
Even if a true god in the divine realm cultivated both energy and body, opened nine stars of the Spiritual Pedestal Tier, and cultivated an extremely mature inner world, they couldn't merge the nine stars of the Spiritual Pedestal Tier into the inner world.
If a true god could do this, then this true god wouldn't be far from becoming a Saint.
As the nine stars condensed continuously, they emitted a resplendent seven-colored radiance, illuminating Luo Zheng's inner world. As for Luo Zheng, he was endlessly absorbing the source of energy!
Lie Yu had only absorbed a few thousand drops of source of energy, and was already close to a saturated state. At this moment, he could only look on helplessly as Luo Zheng absorbed it.
The expression on Lie Yu's face was quite interesting, because the scene before him made him very confused.
Luo Zheng had been lying in the lake formed by the source of energy for a long time. In Lie Yu's opinion, the amount of source of energy that Luo Zheng could absorb shouldn't be much more than his. Ten thousand drops should be about enough, and the absorption process shouldn't exceed ten breaths' time.
However, almost an hour had passed, and Luo Zheng was still lying in the lake with his eyes closed.
'Isn't he too greedy? If he can't absorb it, there's no need to force himself … '
Seeing so much source of energy, yet being able to absorb so little of it, Lie Yu was indeed unwilling. He understood Luo Zheng's thoughts very well.
However, their cultivation was limited, and there was a limit to the amount of source of energy they could absorb.
Not to mention him and Luo Zheng, even if the Thunder Toad came here personally, it wouldn't be able to absorb all of the source of energy in the lake. It would be a miracle if it could absorb one-thousandth of it. After all, the source of energy here represented the power of a Saint.
However …
Suddenly, he saw eight small vortexes appear around Luo Zheng! At this moment, he saw the source of energy begin to flow through these eight vortexes and into Luo Zheng's body.
'Eight Dao Pillars! Sigh … '
The Collapsing Mountain Clan's body refinement technique was actually the most primitive. They didn't know how to cast Dao Pillars. Opening eight Dao Pillars and casting nine stars of the Spirit Altar was a complete body refinement technique. However, the Collapsing Mountain Clan didn't use this technique, so they didn't open Dao Pillars or cast nine stars.
Of course, the Collapsing Mountain Clan was also very special. Although their body refinement technique was primitive, it wasn't necessarily bad. However, seeing this scene now, Lie Yu felt somewhat unbalanced. After all, the source of energy that Luo Zheng was absorbing was probably far more than his, perhaps more than twice as much.
Not long after, Luo Zheng finally stopped absorbing the source of energy. However, this guy was still lying in the lake with his eyes closed.
'Still reluctant to come up?' Lie Yu's eyes widened.
He really didn't believe that Luo Zheng could still absorb it …
However, just as this thought appeared in his mind, the entire lake formed by the source of energy suddenly began to ripple. A huge vortex formed, and with Luo Zheng as the center, it continuously converged towards him!
"Crash!"
Seeing this turbulent momentum, it was easy to imagine the ferocious speed at which Luo Zheng was absorbing the source of energy!
According to this speed of absorption, it could no longer be described as a 'drop'. It was calculated in terms of 'rise' and 'dou'.
'How, how is this possible!'
Even if the entire Collapsing Mountain Clan jumped into this lake and began to madly absorb the source of energy, they still wouldn't be able to achieve such an effect, right? How much source of energy could this guy bear? He couldn't have absorbed all the source of energy here, right?
This terrifying thought suddenly emerged in Lie Yu's mind.
Their Collapsing Mountain Clan relied on the source of energy. If Luo Zheng really absorbed all of it, then it would be a disaster.
"Crash …"
The huge vortex continuously revolved around Luo Zheng. Luo Zheng was the center of this vortex, continuously absorbing the source of energy, converging into the world inside his body and condensing into the nine stars …
The nine stars became brighter and brighter, illuminating Luo Zheng's world inside his body. When the brightness of the light reached a certain limit, the seven colors became difficult to distinguish and began to become a blinding light. This light was the color of the sun! Seven suns were produced inside Luo Zheng's body!
When the nine stars of the Spiritual Pedestal Tier were forged to a certain degree, Luo Zheng's world inside his body also began to tremble unceasingly, and the sea of chaos also began to surge.
The seven suns emitted a huge gravitational force, triggering the tides of the sea of chaos.
At this moment, Luo Zheng finally stopped absorbing the source of energy. Even if his world inside his body was very special, the amount of source of energy he could bear at this stage was ultimately limited. If he continued to absorb, the gravitational force emitted by the source of energy would be able to turn his world inside his body into a mess, and possibly even tear it apart.
＝＝＝＝＝