Right now, Luo Zheng wasn't strong enough, so it wasn't time for him to stand up for Xun.
Therefore, Xun being in Luo Zheng's body was a secret that couldn't be leaked.
Once Yao found out, she would be hunted down endlessly! Xun had left the Fiend Night Clan for a long time, so it would be difficult for her to fight against Yao.
Now was definitely not the time to leak this secret.
However, when the blood-red power of faith was reflected on Luo Zheng's body, this secret couldn't be kept.
Rumble … Rumble … Rumble …
Under the control of the murderous aura, Ai Hu continued to attack the blonde woman's tri-colored light barrier.
However, at this moment, the blonde woman had forgotten to fight back. Her eyes were fixed on Luo Zheng's body, and her gaze was filled with confusion.
"Why is my Queen a man? Why … "the blonde woman muttered.
Outside the underground palace, the confusion in the eyes of the Purple Bamboo Holy Land's Holy Leader gradually disappeared, but his expression became even more serious. "My Queen has disappeared for a long time. It seems … she's in this human's body!"
As for the Demon Holy Leader and the Human Holy Leader, their expressions were even more interesting.
Not long ago, the two Kings of the Fiend Night Clan had used the Roar Command to curse each other. Now, it seemed that the King of Slaughter, who had disappeared for a long time, was in this underground palace!
Luo Zheng's face also darkened. The trouble they were facing now was probably unprecedented!
Whoosh ~
The power of faith transmitted from a distant space was extinguished by Xun, and the blood-red light suddenly dissipated. After losing the power of faith, the blonde woman's tri-colored light barrier lost a red light, but it was still more than enough to block Ai Hu's attack.
Even if she extinguished the power of faith reflected on Luo Zheng's body, it was meaningless.
Not long after, Yao's laughter rang out in the universe.
"Hahaha, I thought this game of cat and mouse would continue for a while. I didn't expect it to end so quickly. Xun, you're even more stupid than I thought!" Yao used the Roar Command to spread her voice throughout the universe, so it naturally reached Luo Zheng and Xun's ears.
At the same time, everyone in the universe knew that the Demon Night Clan's King of Slaughter had been found.
"My king, where are you?!" Empyrean Divine Arrow's voice also sounded. His tone was urgent. As one of Fumigate's strongest former subordinates, Empyrean Divine Arrow had been paying close attention to Fumigate's movements. Now that he heard Yao's words, Empyrean Divine Arrow naturally became nervous.
In the Misty Clouds Palace, Yun Luo's expression changed slightly. She lowered her head and murmured, "This is troublesome …"
It was not suitable for Yun Luo to interfere in the internal conflicts of the Yao Night clan. If it was just some ordinary matter, it would be fine, but facing the massive Human Race Alliance, the Yao Night clan would take a step back.
However, this was an internal battle between two Kings of the Night Demon Clan. The Night Demon Clan would never back down in a battle of life and death! If Yun Luo forcefully interfered, she might involve the Alliance's Celestial Venerables and the Demon Night Clan's Celestial Venerables. Now that the great era had arrived, many Celestial Venerables were hiding, waiting for the new Mandate of Heaven to descend. It would be unwise for Yun Luo to involve herself now.
But Luo Zheng …
"Too careless … I hope you can turn this misfortune into a blessing …" Yun Luo could not help but shake her head.
Luo Zheng was still falling with Mu Mingxue, but his brows were tightly furrowed. This was purely an accident. Even Xun did not know that the blonde woman would suddenly use the power of the three Kings, which exposed Xun!
"Now … what should we do?" Luo Zheng asked.
Xun's expression was not any better. After thinking for a while, her eyes revealed a trace of fierceness. "Continue downward. Let's get through the Abyss of Samsara first! We'll think about other problems later! "
The current situation was very unfavorable for them!
Previously, in Zeji City, Xun could force Ling Lan to make a King's Oath and use it to deceive everyone.
However, the Purple Bamboo Holy Land's Holy Lord outside the underground palace would not listen to Xun's orders. Although Xun was the King of Slaughter, people in high positions were often more aware of the situation than those below them. Xun's position as King was already on the verge of collapse.
That Holy Lord was now blocking the entrance of the underground palace. As long as Luo Zheng and Xun left the Abyss of Samsara, their fates could be imagined. In short, they definitely could not leave!
However, staying in the Abyss of Samsara was not a solution. First of all, the Abyss of Samsara could not prevent Holy Lord level experts from entering. The reason why these Holy Lords were not willing to force their way in was that they valued the various opportunities and secret treasures in the underground palace. If they forced their way in, they would probably destroy the entire abyss.
Even if Luo Zheng stayed in the Abyss of Samsara, it would only exhaust Yao Yao's patience. When her patience ran out, they would sooner or later force their way into the Abyss of Samsara.
Luo Zheng did not have time to pay attention to other warriors, including Ai Hu. He dragged Mu Mingxue toward the abyss wall. When his body touched the wall, his whole body turned horizontally and his legs exerted force on the abyss wall!
"Whoosh!"
He stepped diagonally upward. In this way, Luo Zheng's falling speed increased by more than 30%!
Although his falling speed was not considered slow, Luo Zheng did not have much time left. He had to pass through the Abyss of Samsara as soon as possible. As for the road ahead … Both he and Xun were in a mess!
Immediately after, he adjusted his position and approached the abyss wall again. He stepped again!
"Whoosh …"
His speed increased again!
Under this repeated step, Luo Zheng dragged Mu Mingxue and left the group of frenzied warriors far above.
"Boom, boom, boom …"
Ai Hu was still bombarding the golden-haired woman's dual-colored light screen. The golden-haired woman was still staring blankly at Luo Zheng's rapidly falling figure. She was only a Divine Realm warrior, but because she had the ancient bloodline of the Night Demon Clan, she was placed in an important position by the Sacred Master.
According to the rules of the Night Demon Clan, someone with such a bloodline should have been sent to the core area of the Night Demon Clan to cultivate. However, she had grown up in the Purple Bamboo Holy Land, and the Sacred Master had treated her kindly, so she had hidden the matter of her bloodline. She did not expect that after being forced into a dead end by this human warrior, such a big thing would happen when she used the power of the three kings!
The sound of the roar reverberated through the universe, so it naturally reached her ears. This was a dispute between kings. She faintly felt that she had unintentionally done something wrong …
Xun and Luo Zheng did not hate the golden-haired woman. After all, she did not know that her identity was exposed here. It was purely a coincidence!
As Luo Zheng rapidly fell, the surrounding scenery changed once again. The abyss wall was originally blood-red and filled with a murderous aura, but now the abyss wall was surrounded by white light!
It was an extremely pure purification power!
The white purification power was like snowflakes, constantly revolving in the abyss and quickly entering Luo Zheng and Mu Mingxue's bodies.
This purification power did not have much of an effect on Luo Zheng. After all, the murderous aura he had absorbed had been completely sent into the Slaughtering Sword Mountain. However, this strange purification power calmed Luo Zheng's anxious heart a little. This purification power was originally able to purify the chaotic thoughts in one's mind.
As the purification power entered Mu Mingxue's body little by little, the murderous aura in her body rapidly decreased, and the red light in her eyes gradually dissipated!
Not long after, the murderous aura in Mu Mingxue's body was completely cleared, and her expression returned to normal!
"Luo, Luo Zheng …"
Mu Mingxue fell into a frenzy. Her thoughts had been dominated by the murderous aura just now, so she naturally did not know what had happened.
"Leave the Abyss of Samsara," Luo Zheng simply said. He did not need to explain too much to Mu Mingxue.
Mu Mingxue's expression froze. Probably because she heard that Luo Zheng's tone was not good, her face showed a trace of silence. She pursed her lips and just said, "Hmm" … She also knew that she would be a burden to Luo Zheng if she followed him in. Leaving the underground palace as soon as possible was a good thing for Luo Zheng.
Probably feeling Mu Mingxue's mood, Luo Zheng could only turn his head and smile at Mu Mingxue, "It's not what you think. I have other troubles!"
"What troubles …" Mu Mingxue's eyes flashed with a trace of concern.
"You will naturally know in the future." After saying that, Luo Zheng once again approached the abyss wall. With a stomp, he sped up and rushed down.