Mu Mingxue also knew that she couldn't share Luo Zheng's burden even if it was just an ordinary problem.
Moreover, looking at Luo Zheng's face, she knew that he had indeed encountered a considerable amount of trouble this time. When she was powerless, she would naturally try her best to be well-behaved …
After activating the Divine Rune of Regression, a purple light enveloped her, and her falling momentum quickly stopped. Then, the purple light brought her upwards at a rapid speed.
Luo Zheng's current falling speed was more than three times faster than before. His entire spirit was in a state of high tension.
He didn't expect that this trip to the underground palace would cause such a big trouble …
But nothing was fixed in the world. Everyone's fate was different, and Luo Zheng's fate was impossible to predict.
But now, Luo Zheng was facing a predicament, but it wasn't a hopeless one!
Now, Luo Zheng had to make the best use of his time and explore the Abyss of Reincarnation. Back then, Xun had only stopped at the fourth circle of the Abyss of Reincarnation, but she had concluded that there was an even bigger secret in the fifth circle. Perhaps, this secret could help Luo Zheng get out of this predicament?
The whistling sound of the wind blew madly in Luo Zheng's ears, and his speed became faster and faster …
Not long after, Luo Zheng saw another stone platform appear in front of him.
"The third cave!" Luo Zheng's eyes narrowed.
"No need to go in," Xun's voice came at the same time. "There are all kinds of protective treasures in the third cave. Although those protective treasures are good, it's too much of a waste of time to take them down!"
Hearing Xun's words, Luo Zheng's eyes flashed slightly, and then he nodded. He didn't adjust his position, but continued to fall rapidly. His gaze even stopped at the third cave.
After quickly passing through the third cave, Luo Zheng entered the fourth circle of the Abyss of Reincarnation!
"The fourth circle is a bit troublesome … You have to be careful," Xun warned.
"Understood," Luo Zheng replied seriously. At the same time, he held his long sword in his hand. The dragon scales on his body lit up one by one, and a majestic power began to accumulate in his body.
Hiding inside Luo Zheng's body, Xun suddenly smiled when she saw Luo Zheng's serious expression. Although she had warned Luo Zheng, she was still confident that Luo Zheng could pass the fourth round. She had to admit that she seemed to have given Luo Zheng too much pressure …
"Don't worry … since we have already been exposed, I will help you on the remaining path in this deep abyss!" Xun thought to herself.
Since there were Yao Night Clan cultivators in the Abyss of Samsara, and the Purple Bamboo Holy Land's Holy Master was watching the entrance of the underground palace, Xun Yi didn't plan on taking action at first.
However, things were different now. Her greatest enemy, Yao Yao, had already discovered her existence. There was no need to hide anymore. She would do her best to help Luo Zheng pass through the Abyss of Samsara.
As Luo Zheng descended at high speed, ghostly wails and howls could be heard from the bottom of the abyss. Waves of eerie ghostly energy could be felt from below, as if there were tens of thousands of ghosts wailing. At this moment, the Abyss of Samsara seemed to have turned into an abyss that led to hell!
"Roar …"
"Wu … wu …"
Countless ghosts were clinging to the walls of the abyss below!
These ghosts were of different sizes. When they heard the commotion above them, they all looked up. When they saw Luo Zheng, they all opened their mouths and roared.
Faced with such a large number of ghosts, Luo Zheng didn't hesitate at all. He directly charged down.
Of course, hesitating was useless. He couldn't fly, so there was no way he could avoid these ghosts. The only way he could escape from the Abyss of Samsara was if he crushed the Divine Rune of Return. However, that was obviously an unrealistic idea.
Because Luo Zheng's speed was too fast, the ghosts didn't even have time to react. Luo Zheng had already shot forward!
However, after falling for several li, the ghosts clinging to the walls of the abyss finally reacted. They jumped out of the abyss wall in advance and surrounded Luo Zheng.
"Ah … wu … wu …"
A ghost that looked like a gorilla jumped along the abyss wall. Its entire body was emitting a pure black ghostly energy. It wanted to hug Luo Zheng.
"Die!"
Luo Zheng's eyes flashed. The Thundergale Ghost Divine Sword in his hand stabbed out!
These ghosts didn't have a physical body. The Ghost Divine Shadow and the wind blades couldn't harm them. However, lightning had a miraculous effect on these ghosts!
Therefore, Luo Zheng's sword only activated the Law of Lightning within the Thundergale Ghost Divine Sword!
"Pa —"
An azure bolt of lightning streaked across the pitch-black abyss, illuminating the densely packed ghosts on both sides of the abyss. That scene made one's scalp tingle.
This bolt of lightning struck the gorilla-like ghost, causing it to instantly vanish into thin air …
However, Luo Zheng's attack didn't frighten these ghosts. On the contrary, it aroused their ferocious nature even more!
One by one, the ghostly creatures pounced down from the abyss wall. At the same time, Luo Zheng suddenly heard all sorts of wails. It turned out that the ghostly creatures that Luo Zheng had swiftly swept past had also left the abyss wall and were chasing down …
However, their falling speed was far slower than Luo Zheng's. They could only be left behind by Luo Zheng. However, as more and more ghosts passed by, they completely blocked off the top of the abyss!
In other words, all around Luo Zheng, including the top of his head, were now filled with ghosts …
"All of you, die …"
"Pa pa pa …"
As bolts of lightning reverberated in the abyss, the ghosts were all killed by the lightning released by the Thundergale Ghost Divine Sword!
However, there were too many ghosts. Even though Luo Zheng was madly brandishing the Thundergale Ghost Divine Sword, with his strength alone, he still left some openings.
The first ghost finally attached itself to Luo Zheng's body. Although the ghost was light and weightless, the moment it attached itself to Luo Zheng's body, streams of Yin-Hell energy invaded Luo Zheng's body!
"Scram!"
Luo Zheng lightly twirled his sword. A bolt of lightning didn't shoot out. Instead, it circled around his body like a silver dragon!
"Pa!"
This bolt of lightning once again smashed the ghost into smithereens.
As soon as he dealt with the first ghost, another two or three ghosts immediately attached themselves to Luo Zheng's body!
"Awoo …"
As more and more ghosts attached themselves to Luo Zheng's body, streams of Yin-Hell energy continuously invaded Luo Zheng's body …
This Yin-Hell energy seemed to be very special. It didn't bring much pain to Luo Zheng. However, other than the cold, Luo Zheng did feel that his reaction speed was slowly decreasing!
"Wu wu wu …"
When Luo Zheng's speed decreased, even more ghosts attached themselves to him.
Ten, a hundred, a thousand …
If one looked at it from another angle, Luo Zheng's figure had already completely disappeared. The ghosts attached themselves to each other, tightly wrapping Luo Zheng within. They formed a huge ball and slowly fell into the abyss …
These ghosts' bodies were extremely light. Being wrapped like this, they seriously affected Luo Zheng's falling speed.
"What should I do …" Being wrapped in layers of ghosts, Luo Zheng's brows furrowed. Although he could still rely on the Thundergale Divine Sword to release lightning, and each lightning bolt could annihilate ten ghosts, his killing speed was far from being able to keep up with the increasing speed of these ghosts!
The most troublesome thing was that with the invasion of the Yin-Hell energy, Luo Zheng's body became more and more sluggish. His speed also rapidly decreased.
Luo Zheng also tried to force the Yin-Hell energy out of his body. However, it didn't seem to have any effect. The Yin-Hell energy quickly circulated within Luo Zheng's body. It even moved within his meridians, approaching his Dantian step by step!
Just as Luo Zheng was fretting, Xun's faint voice transmitted over. "Let me do it …"
At this moment, Xun's figure left Luo Zheng's body and overlapped with the ghosts. At the same time, a red light passed through the boundless space and converged on her body!
Before, Xun was afraid of exposing her position and didn't dare to use her Faith Pond. However, she no longer had this taboo.
(Reversing the time, the next chapter will be updated tomorrow during the day ^ _ ^ Thank you everyone!)
＝＝＝＝＝