In the temples, there were statues of Buddhas and gods. As more and more people came to worship them, there would be an endless stream of incense.
As the saying went, if you believed in something, then there would be something. If you didn't believe in something, then there would be nothing. When hundreds, thousands, or even hundreds of millions of people worshipped someone, then even a clay Buddha could become a god.
This was actually the power of incense at work. In the eyes of the cultivators of the Upper Realm, this was the power of faith!
A single bit of faith might be insignificant, but when millions, billions, or trillions of bits of faith gathered together, it would be like countless streams converging into a river, countless rivers converging into a river, countless rivers converging into an ocean, and countless oceans converging into a pool of faith within the Yao Night Clan.
The cultivation of the kings of the Yao Night Clan wasn't very strong in the entire universe. The three kings were merely Realm Lords. However, with the power of faith absorbed by the countless kings' statues and the power of faith gathered by the millions of people behind them, they had the ability to defeat a Celestial Venerable!
As the power of faith continued to gather around Xun, her aura became more and more powerful, and the blood-red light in her eyes became more and more intense!
"Break for me!"
In the abyss, a thin streak of blood-red light suddenly emerged from the giant sphere formed by countless ghosts clinging to each other!
Whoosh …
Then, there were two more, three more, four more … and then countless more!
Accompanied by the wails of thousands of ghosts, an incomparably beautiful red sun appeared in the abyss. The power of faith swept through all the ghosts as easily as crushing dry weeds.
A moment later, the red sun dissipated, and Luo Zheng began to descend again. Xun stood by Luo Zheng's side.
Dense power of faith flowed around Xun's body, slowly solidifying into a blood-red armor. Sharp spikes extended from the armor's shoulders all the way to the back. The spikes grew longer and longer, and the longest spike was at least two to three meters long! The two rows of spikes formed a pair of enormous "wings" that took up almost the entire space of the abyss and supported Xun.
The contrast between the huge spiked wings and Smoky's slender body was a strong visual impact.
At this moment, she had transformed into a god revered and worshipped by trillions of living beings. A supreme sense of nobility emanated from her body. With just a glance, one would feel a sense of submission. Even Luo Zheng, who had an extremely strong willpower, was no exception!
The power of faith was actually powerful to this extent!
Luo Zheng felt a strong sense of unfamiliarity in his heart as he looked at Xun. It was as if Xun had been completely reborn at this moment …
In fact, this was indeed the case. After absorbing a certain amount of Faith Power, Smoky had been tainted with Divinity. Although there was a big difference between her and a True God, the aura she exuded was almost the same as a True God!
"Give me the gun and continue to speed up … I'll get you through the rest of the journey as soon as possible. This won't last long," Smoky said coldly.
"Why can't it continue …" Luo Zheng asked.
Xun sneered, "How could that bitch let me continue to draw from the Faith Pool?"
Luo Zheng's expression changed. He took out the Cold Plum Ancient Blood Spear and handed it over …
After receiving the spear, Smoky waved it and said coldly, "Turn around and get ready!"
Luo Zheng understood Smoky's meaning. His body suddenly twisted, his legs facing up and his whole body curled up into a ball. At this moment, Smoky brandished the spear and fiercely hacked down at Luo Zheng from above!
At the same time, Luo Zheng's whole body suddenly straightened. His legs stepped on the spear at an extremely fast speed!
Whoosh!
At this moment, Luo Zheng was whipped down by Smoky's spear. His speed was extremely fast as he shot down …
…
…
Outside the boundless space, Yao's face rippled with a faint smile. Her long skirt dragged on the clean and spotless ground.
A man from the Nightfiend Clan in embroidered clothes was following behind Yao Yao. The man had silver hair, an extremely handsome appearance, and an extremely tall figure. The biggest difference between him and a human cultivator was his sharp and erect ears. In the Nightfiend Clan's sense of beauty, the straight and erect ears were an important indicator ….
The Demon Night Clan had more females, and they were usually more talented than the males. Therefore, in the various large worlds of the Demon Night Clan, there were extremely few males who stepped into the World Lord realm. It was even rarer for someone like him to be a Great World Lord.
"Yue Ye," Yao's voice calmly sounded.
"Yes, my queen." The embroidered clothed man called Yue Ye placed his hand on his chest.
"Seal Smoky's Faith Pool, then send Mie, Sha, Jue, and Sha to the Sifting Yin World!" Yao ordered.
Hearing this, Yue Ye revealed a hesitant expression, "But the Elder Council …"
"They don't know how to speak." Yao's face was expressionless. As the King of Punishment and the ruler of the Court of Justice, who in the Demon Night Clan dared to go against her?
"Those who speak will all be dead," Yao Yao added.
Sealing the Pond of Faith was a taboo.
This was because the three Faith Pools of the Demon Night Clan would constantly absorb the faith energy of the trillions of citizens of the Demon Night Clan through the three king statues.
Once a Faith Pool was sealed, Smoky would not be able to extract faith energy from his own Faith Pool, and the faith energy of the trillions of citizens would not be able to be poured into the Faith Pool!
The number of kings in the Demon Night Clan was not constant. Smoky would fall, and so would Yao. However, the three kings would not fall because the Demon Night Clan could appoint a new king.
Strictly speaking, the three Faith Pools did not belong to any one of them. Instead, they were one of the most precious assets of the Demon Night Clan …
Forcefully sealing the Faith Pools would definitely result in retaliation from the Elder Council!
But that didn't really matter. The current Elder Council no longer had much of an effect on Yao Yao. The King of Life had remained silent, and more than ninety percent of Kaori's former subordinates had been wiped out. Who in the Daydream Clan could go against her?
Yao did not choose to seal the Faith Pools because she hoped that Smoky would take the initiative to use the faith energy within the Faith Pools. That way, she would be able to track Smoky down.
However, Smoky naturally knew what Yao was thinking, so after ascending, Smoky had never thought of using her Faith Pools …
However, the golden-haired woman with the bloodline of the Ancient Demon Night Clan had accidentally released the power of the three kings, causing Smoky to be exposed.
Since she was already exposed, Smoky no longer hesitated. She would do her best to help Luo Zheng pass the trial of the Abyss of Samsara as quickly as possible.
Most importantly, Smoky was unable to fully unleash the power of the faith energy. Firstly, she was too far away from the Faith Pools, and secondly, she was not in her complete form. Otherwise, how could the Holy Lord of the Purple Bamboo Holy Land stop her when she left the Abyss of Samsara with Luo Zheng?
Therefore, before her Faith Pools were sealed, she had to make the best use of her time!
Luo Zheng fell rapidly, and Smoky followed by his side. She held the spear in her hand with one hand. When faced with any danger that appeared in the abyss, she would defeat it with one strike …
Originally, in this Abyss of Samsara, it would take at least four hours to pass through one round. However, with Xun protecting him all the way and Luo Zheng descending at an extremely fast speed, he actually passed through the fourth round in less than an hour!
"There's another cave!"
"I'm not going!"
Although the treasures in the cave were important, they had no time to care about other things. Smoky had obtained great benefits in the fourth cave, and 100,000 years ago, she had planted a section of the extinct Holy Thunder Bamboo in the fourth cave. The cave's environment was very suitable for the growth of the Holy Thunder Bamboo.
Now that 100,000 years had passed, who knew how long the Holy Thunder Bamboo had grown? If Luo Zheng took it away, he could even comprehend the supreme profundity of the sixth level of the Thunder Elemental Law!
But now, Smoky had to help Luo Zheng pass through the fifth circle quickly!
Perhaps with Luo Zheng's own strength, he could pass through the fifth circle, but there was not much time left. Now, he had to go as fast as he could. As for the Holy Thunder Bamboo, there might be a way to obtain it after passing through the fifth circle!
Whoosh …