Strands of fine lightning intertwined with each other, forming a thick lightning line that hung in the abyss.
Every time Luo Zheng touched it, the abyss would erupt with a thunderous roar, and at the same time, several lightning balls would explode madly in the abyss!
The power of these lightning balls was extremely terrifying, and the Law of Thunder contained within them had already broken through the limit of the fifth layer. The Law of Thunder contained within them had reached a level that Luo Zheng could not comprehend!
Under such power, even the body of a Divine Artifact would find it difficult to resist.
However, Luo Zheng still clenched his teeth and sped down. His speed had reached the limit, and even if he wanted to stop, it would be impossible.
"Crack!"
A lightning ball exploded below Luo Zheng, and the blazing white light from the lightning ball was reflected in his eyes. A huge impact began to press down on Luo Zheng.
"Boom … …"
The huge impact not only stopped Luo Zheng's falling momentum, but also bounced him high up into the abyss, and his whole body spun around in the air.
After Luo Zheng stabilized his body, a trace of blood escaped from the corner of his mouth!
"Too hasty … …"
Luo Zheng frowned slightly, but there was no sign of compromise on his face. Taking advantage of the falling momentum, he once again rushed down.
Seeing this scene, a faint smile appeared on Xun's cold face. Her whole body gently floated behind Luo Zheng, and her lotus-like white arm passed through Luo Zheng's armpit, and then she closed her eyes … …
As soon as Xun finished speaking, the spiky wings formed from the Power of Faith began to bend. Not only did the pair of wings wrap around her, but they also wrapped around Luo Zheng!
"Continue!"
"Whoosh … …"
Under Xun's protection, Luo Zheng's falling speed suddenly increased by several times.
The thick lightning lines were triggered again and again, and more and more lightning balls exploded in the abyss, and violent roars echoed in the abyss.
However, no matter how powerful the lightning balls were, they could not penetrate the protection of the pair of wings!
All the way down, there was no obstruction!
After passing through this area filled with lightning balls, they were greeted by lightning spirits that already had their own consciousness!
These Thunder Spirits floated in the abyss. They were very cute, and from time to time they would let out soft cries, as if they were pets that could be adopted!
However, it was precisely these adorable lightning spirits that contained fatal power. Back then, Xun, who was still at the Extreme Divine Realm, had chosen to retreat because of these lightning spirits.
At that time, Smoky was already able to use the power of faith, but the amount she could use was limited, far less than now.
Dang Xun hugged Luo Zheng and continued to fall head first. Those Thunder Spirits gathered together and began to launch round after round of attacks.
"Boom, boom, boom …"
The power of thunder surged forth once more, but Smoky's wings were indestructible. Instead, those Thunder Spirits that weren't able to dodge in time were directly smashed apart, disappearing …
"This …"
A strange look flashed across Luo Zheng's face.
Before, Ancestral Gragon had secretly eaten a lot of power of faith, but at that time, Luo Zheng didn't have a clear and direct understanding of the power of faith.
Now, Luo Zheng finally understood. Even though Smoky was still a remnant soul, and her soul had only recovered to about 60%, but if she used all of her power of faith, normal Sector Lords wouldn't be her match. She even had the qualifications to fight against Sky Sovereigns!
Unfortunately, from what Smoky said, that bitch called "Yao" seemed to have a way to stop her from extracting the power of faith. It seemed that Smoky wouldn't be able to use this mysterious and powerful power soon.
"Huhuhu …"
The time it took to pass through the fifth circle of the abyss was only half an incense's time slower than the fourth circle.
Not long after, Luo Zheng saw the bottom of the abyss …
At the bottom of the abyss, there was a quiet deep valley, surrounded by unknown plants. Although the light here wasn't strong, these plants still grew very luxuriantly.
"Pu, pu …"
When falling into the deep valley, Luo Zheng's body suddenly twisted, and with both feet facing down, he stood firmly on the ground.
On the other hand, Xun had completely retracted her pair of spikes. Her wide wings had also retracted in an instant, condensing into twelve blades that were neatly inserted into her back, forming two smaller and more condensed wings!
"This valley … is the end of the abyss?"
In this secluded valley, Luo Zheng looked around at the sudden change in the environment.
Previously, every time he circled the abyss, he would find a cave. Logically speaking, there should also be a cave at the end of the valley.
Smoky's eyes flashed slightly, and the two blades on her back suddenly separated, rapidly circling in the air, and began to cut the plants at an extremely fast speed.
Not long after, the plants at the bottom of the valley were all cut into pieces. Not long after, the entire valley was empty, and on the side of the valley, there was indeed a small cave …
Compared to the previous four caves, this cave in front of him was much smaller.
This time, Luo Zheng didn't hesitate, nor did he ask Smoky, because she had never been here before, so naturally, she didn't know what was in this cave.
Striding forward, he walked towards the cave, while Smoky floated behind Luo Zheng, a trace of curiosity in her eyes. After all, she wasn't able to explore to this level in the past. Now that she followed Luo Zheng again, she really wanted to understand the mysteries within.
Who was this ancient Celestial Sovereign? Why did he build such an underground palace? What kind of inheritance could he obtain?
Because the cave was very narrow, Smoky shrank the blade-like wings again, turning them into a small spider pattern, and attached them to her back.
The Faith Power was completely under Smoky's control, and the shape it could transform into was completely controlled by Smoky …
Luo Zheng walked in front, leading Smoky through the narrow cave. Not long after, they entered a stone house. This stone house was obviously cut from the inside of the cave. The surrounding stone walls were horizontal and vertical, and there was even a stone bed.
There was nothing left on the stone bed, only a thick pile of dust …
Perhaps the bedding and the things inside the mat had been placed here before, but even divine tools couldn't withstand the erosion of hundreds of millions of years. Ordinary things that had been placed here for hundreds of millions of years would probably become a pile of dust, or even dust would cease to exist!
No matter how one looked at it, this stone house was nothing special. After all, any cultivator would only need a few breaths of time to cut out such a stone house.
"The back door," Smoky's eyes fell on a corner of the stone house, where there was a small door.
Luo Zheng nodded, and then opened the door according to Smoky's request …
The moment Luo Zheng opened the door, a huge attractive force pulled Luo Zheng in.
Smoky originally wanted to stabilize her body and resist this attractive force, but a trace of surprise quickly appeared on her face. Even with the help of her Faith Power, she couldn't resist this attractive force, and it easily pulled her into the small door!
"Whoosh …"
Luo Zheng and Xun stood side by side in a strange space. This space was filled with stars of various sizes and their numbers were uncountable.
"So many stars … Is this a fantasy space?" Luo Zheng looked at the magnificent stars and asked.
Smoky shook her head, "It's not a fantasy space. Our bodies have been pulled in, and the fantasy space is just a projection."
"These stars seem to be different from the stars in the universe," Luo Zheng murmured, looking at the countless stars.
He cultivated the Stellar Battle Body and watched the stars every night, so he was very familiar with the arrangement of the stars in the universe. Although he couldn't count all the stars in the universe, he was very sure that the stars in the universe weren't arranged like this.