Luo Zheng and Smog silently watched the scene in front of them. As the stars shrunk and appeared in front of them, it was a shocking sight.
But, the reason they had jumped down from the abyss was not to look at these stars …
At this time, Luo Zheng faintly smiled. He reached out and grabbed his spirit beast bag, pulling out the puppet Refined Godchild.
After Refined Godchild was discovered by Luo Zheng, he forcefully stuffed it into the spirit beast bag. After being pulled out by Luo Zheng, Refined Godchild looked around in a daze.
"You, you … you broke into Old Monster Jade Qilin's mansion?" Refined Godchild asked.
Luo Zheng and Smog's eyes brightened. Luo Zheng also knew that this Refined Godchild was someone with a great background. But, he had been too busy rushing through the Samsara Abyss to bother with him.
Now that they had reached the bottom of the abyss, the best breakthrough point was naturally Refined Godchild …
"Wrong, wrong." Refined Godchild chuckled. "It should be said that the entire Samsara Abyss is Old Monster Jade Qilin's mansion! But, this galaxy was created by me with the help of Old Monster Jade Qilin. Every star in this galaxy is aligned with the stars in the galaxy, resonating with each other. This is the galaxy's star disk, and Old Monster Jade Qilin uses it to cultivate a transcendent divine might called the Star Plucking Art … "
Hearing this, Luo Zheng and Smog glanced at each other again.
As they saw the stars in the sky, they were puzzled. But, Refined Godchild's words deepened their doubts.
"Star Plucking Art? Transcendent divine might? "Smog asked, staring at Refined Godchild.
A transcendent divine might could only be created by an Empyrean. The number of Empyreans in the universe was constant. Smog might not have seen the supernatural powers of transcendent divine mights, but she had heard the names of cultivation methods before.
There was only one transcendent divine might that used the power of stars to cultivate. One was the incomplete Stellar Battle Body that Luo Zheng cultivated, and the other was the Dual Constellation Forest that a demon Empyrean cultivated. Besides this, she had never heard of a transcendent divine might that used stars to cultivate. This Star Plucking Art also sounded strange.
"I've never heard of such a transcendent divine might …" Qing Long's voice sounded out. Even the experienced and knowledgeable Qing Long hadn't heard of it.
At this time, Smog's eyes turned to the tumbling stars. She asked, "The universe is of the Heavenly Dao. Of the Heavenly Dao, what is it?"
The Heavenly dao had its own will, its own name!
Xun began to suspect the origin of this Primordial Heavenly Venerate.
There were of the same number of Empyreans, and of the same, of the same, there were 128 Empyreans of 128 Empyreans.
Every time an Empyrean appeared, an Empyrean had to fall. This was an ironclad rule that no one had been able to surpass.
Thus, many Great World Lords were able to make breakthroughs in their cultivation, but without an Empyrean position, they were unable to shoulder the Mandate of Heaven and become an Empyrean!
It was also because of this that since ancient times until now, any World Lord who was conferred the title of Empyrean would have historical records. 3.6 billion years ago, in the Great Yan Era, every Empyrean's name and surname were recorded in the records, including when the Empyrean fell and where the new Empyrean was born. There were no exceptions.
But this ancient Empyrean's origins had never been found. As for the Jade Qilin Old Monster that Refined Shenzi spoke of, he might have been referring to that ancient Empyrean. But, they had never heard of an Empyrean Jade Qilin that existed in the universe.
Hearing Smog's question, Refined Shenzi was even more puzzled. "The heavens are naturally the winning heavens. The stars of the heavens are connected together, forming a galaxy. Why do you ask?"
"Winning heavens!" Luo Zheng's eyebrows jumped.
Smog's eyes flashed. Though she had guessed it already, she was still slightly shocked to hear Refined Shenzi's answer.
Seeing Luo Zheng and Smog's reaction, Refined Shenzi wasn't an idiot. He knew that he had fallen into a deep slumber. Because of this puppet body he made for himself, it had an almost endless lifespan. That was why it could surpass the lifespan of those Empyrean Sovereigns …
Before, he was injected with Zhen Yuanyu by Luo Zheng. After awakening, Refined Shenzi deduced that he had been asleep for at least 300 million years based on the ancient treasure he made.
Now that he was inquiring about the name of the Heavenly Dao, he found it strange at first. Then, he was stunned. His metal head, which was originally spinning, froze there for a long time. He didn't speak …
After a while, Refined Shenzi spoke. "The Heavenly Dao … has changed?"
"It's the Heavenly Dao now." Smog answered.
The last Heavenly Dao, the Winning Heavenly Dao, had gone through an Evolution Era and finally collapsed.
Luo Zheng still had a fragment of the Heavenly Dao in his possession …
The end of a Heavenly Dao meant the end of an Evolution Era. With the destruction of all living beings and the fall of all stars, the next Heavenly Dao would be ushered in!
Refined Shenzi thought he'd been asleep for 300 million years, but in reality, he'd been asleep for an Evolution Era. Even he didn't think he'd spend such a long time in slumber …
"No wonder, no wonder … The treasures and weapons I made have all turned into a pile of scrap metal." Refined Shenzi slapped his metal head. "Even if the Heaven's Divination Essence within them had completely disappeared with the passage of time, it shouldn't have disappeared so completely! I was still wondering … The Heavenly Dao changed! Naturally, the Heaven's Divination Essence became useless! "
The Heaven's Divination Essence …
It was created when a refiner observed a trace of the Heaven's Divination Dao and sealed it into a weapon. In truth, it was a refiner's understanding of the Heavenly Dao.
After this Heavenly Dao changed, the Heaven's Divination Essence of the previous Heavenly Dao was completely useless. Therefore, when Refined Shenzi examined the ancient treasure, he didn't even notice a trace of the Heaven's Divination Essence.
"I didn't think Jade Qilin would have a way to bring an old man like me across an Evolution Era. Heh heh." Refined Shenzi smiled. When he looked at Luo Zheng again, his arrogant expression returned. "No wonder you juniors haven't heard of me. I'm the universe's number one refiner! Hahaha … "
Luo Zheng's heart skipped a beat.
Before, he'd suspected this guy was bragging, but now it seemed that Refined Shenzi really was the strongest refiner in the previous Heavenly Dao!
This was good news for Luo Zheng. The refinery in his immortal abode was still empty. If Luo Zheng was lucky enough to open it, this puppet would be the perfect candidate. What kind of weapon could it refine?
He'd leave this question for later. Now, there was a more important question …
"So that Jade Qilin old monster was the Heavenly Master in the previous Heavenly Dao?" Luo Zheng asked.
Refined Shenzi nodded and walked toward the stars in the sky. He casually plucked a star, and all the stars in the Milky Way sped up. Soon, a path formed by stars extended from the Milky Way to the crowd.
"Back then, in order to have a long lifespan, I begged Jade Qilin Heavenly Master to find the rarest materials in the universe and help me refine this puppet body. The price was to stay in Jade Qilin's mansion and help him refine weapons for four hundred thousand years! This puppet body is driven by Zhen Yuanyu, and I can't absorb the Yuan Qi of Heaven and Earth. Jade Qilin Heavenly Master would send me a large amount of Zhen Yuanyu every once in a while, but later, he disappeared without a trace … "
After losing Zhen Yuanyu, Refined Shenzi had been in a deep sleep. He didn't know what happened later.
"I helped Jade Qilin Heavenly Master to refine this Milky Way. He should have died long ago, but I don't know what he left behind. You … come with me," Refined Shenzi said faintly, with a hint of sadness in his voice.
After all, no matter who woke up from a dream that lasted for billions of years, it was normal for them to feel sad when they found that the world had changed and even the Heavenly Dao had been reincarnated.
Luo Zheng and Xun looked at each other, then followed Refined Shenzi and walked toward the slowly rotating "Milky Way" along the starlight …
＝＝＝＝＝