As they walked along the Avenue of Stars, the experience was very subtle.
Luo Zheng and Xun couldn't help but look at the stars around them …
There were countless stars in the sky, and he didn't know what method Divine Refinement God Child had used to copy the stars from the previous Heavenly Dao and condense them into an astrolabe of such a size …
Just like the stars Luo Zheng communicated with, these stars were very different in size and volume.
Some stars were dozens or even hundreds of times bigger than a person, but most stars were as small as grains of sand, very small.
"Eh …"
As Luo Zheng walked on the Avenue of Stars, he noticed a small blue star floating next to him. It was only the size of a fingernail, but it looked very beautiful, as if the entire surface of the planet was covered by an ocean. However, because it was too small, Luo Zheng couldn't see it clearly.
In addition to this small star, there was also a fireball many times bigger than this star floating next to it.
"Very beautiful!" Xun said lightly.
However, just as Luo Zheng was about to reach out and grab the blue star, Refined Shenzi stopped him, "Don't be fooled by the number of stars in this astrolabe. However, each star is very important and is connected to the entire Milky Way. This star cannot be taken away! "
Hearing Refined Shenzi's words, Luo Zheng shrugged and let go of the small blue star, then continued to walk forward.
The Avenue of Stars didn't seem very far, but as they walked, they found that the distance was very far. At first, Refined Shenzi was leading the way, but his whole body was clattering, so it was natural for him to walk slowly …
After walking for half an hour, Luo Zheng found that the distance between them and the center of the Milky Way didn't decrease at all.
"How long will it take to walk like this?" Luo Zheng asked.
"Hehe, at this speed, it will take about two days and two nights to cross half of the astrolabe. When I made this astrolabe, it took me hundreds of years to complete every star …"
Luo Zheng rolled his eyes, and without waiting for this guy to finish, he grabbed Refined Shenzi and started running on the Avenue of Stars …
Luo Zheng had to hurry up and walk slowly. Was there something wrong with his brain?
At this speed, in less than half an incense stick's time, Luo Zheng had crossed half of the Milky Way and arrived at the center of the Milky Way, where there was a huge ball of light, emitting scarlet dazzling light!
The size of this ball of light was about 10,000 feet in diameter. The stars that were like grains of sand around this ball of light were almost negligible!
"Is this the sun of the last Evolution Era?" Luo Zheng stared at the huge star and asked.
Among the stars, the Milky Way's's light, the sun's, the stars''s's, when it shines, the stars', the stars would dim, no star could outshine it!
Lian Shenzi nodded and fiddled with a star on the astrolabe again …
Then, the sun's eyes, a palace, a palace, a palace hidden hidden inside the Milky Way!
"Refined," Refined Refined Shenzi, This palace is the core of the Wheel of Reincarnation. Jade Qilin Old Monster has always been cultivating here. Maybe … he's still alive? "Refined Shenzi said.
Hearing this, Luo Zheng and Xun's faces showed a hint of nervousness.
It was not good news for them if the Jade Qilin old monster was still alive. They did not know what method the Jade Qilin old monster had used to cross an Evolution Era. It should be known that the Great Extinction at the end of an Evolution Era was difficult for even a Celestial Venerate to overcome. Since such a thing had happened, it was not impossible that the Jade Qilin old monster was still alive.
"The Wheel of Reincarnation?" Xun asked after thinking for a while.
Refined Shenzi nodded lightly, "The Wheel of Reincarnation is a spatial artifact that I created. We're now in the Wheel of Reincarnation."
"The Wheel of Reincarnation, is that the Abyss of Reincarnation?" Luo Zheng asked.
Refined Shenzi smiled, "Yes!"
Xun and Luo Zheng finally understood that the underground palace was a spatial artifact. No wonder everything in the Space of Reincarnation was so strange.
When Luo Zheng followed Refined Shenzi into the sun, they saw an empty palace. There was no sign of Jade Qilin Old Monster or his body.
After all, too much time had passed. If Jade Qilin Old Monster really did pass away here, even a Celestial Master's body would've been reduced to dust!
Clang, clang, clang …
Refined Shenzi wandered around the empty palace and shook his head in disappointment, "Jade Qilin Old Monster, you entered the Six Paths of Reincarnation before me. Ai …"
Xun also wandered around the palace. Her interest was piqued by some runes in a corner of the palace, "These runes should be used to control the Wheel of Reincarnation?"
"Yes." Refined Shenzi nodded.
"Since the Wheel of Reincarnation is a spatial artifact, does that mean it can fly away?" Xun asked again.
Refined Shenzi smiled, "Nonsense. The Wheel of Reincarnation I made can do more than just fly away. You're underestimating the number one blacksmith in the universe!"
Xun's eyes lit up upon hearing this.
At this moment, Luo Zheng noticed a strange object floating in the air on a large dragon throne at the side of the palace.
It looked like a headband or a crown. It was made of neither gold nor iron. Its surface emitted a faint golden glow. Floating in the air, it attracted Luo Zheng's attention.
"What's this …" Luo Zheng asked curiously. He reached out his hand to take the crown.
Xun and Refined Shenzi were discussing how to control the Wheel of Reincarnation. Hearing Luo Zheng's voice, they both turned around. When they saw the crown, Xun's eyes flashed. But then she thought of something and said with a puzzled expression, "Luo Zheng! Don't touch that first … "
Refined Shenzi also said, "Strange, strange. Why is this thing still here?"
However, Xun was still a bit slow. When Luo Zheng's finger touched the crown, it suddenly shook!
At the same time, the Wheel of Heaven in the universe also began to shake!
Tens of thousands of Great Realms away, a sleeping Celestial Master suddenly opened his eyes. This Celestial Master cultivated a very special cultivation method. His cultivation method was to sleep!
Now that the Great Era had begun, many Celestial Masters were rushing to cultivate. This Celestial Master was no exception. However, when he woke up, he looked at the sky and the stars in the sky …
"Why is the Heavenly Dao shaking? Is there a new Celestial Master ascending the throne? " This Celestial Master was shocked. "But 128 Celestial Masters are all here. How can there be a 129th Celestial Master? This … is impossible! No one can forcibly ascend the throne! "
This Celestial Master wasn't the only one who was shocked. In fact, at this moment, all the Celestial Masters in the universe were looking at the sky. Every Celestial Master revealed a puzzled expression. What was happening in front of them was beyond their scope of understanding!
At the beginning of the Great Era, there were no Celestial Masters in the universe. Thus, there was no one to inherit the Heavenly Dao's Mandate of Heaven!
But as time passed, millions of years, tens of millions of years …
The universe, which had suffered a great extinction, began to give birth to thriving vitality. Various races were slowly born and evolved over the course of hundreds of millions of years under various fortuitous encounters …
Then, the various races began a competition!
The number of Celestial Masters that could inherit the Mandate of Heaven was limited. As the saying goes, the first to enter the pavilion is the king!
At this time, whoever could break through to the World Lord realm would be bestowed the title of Celestial Master and inherit the Mandate of Heaven!
In this Great Era, the human race was at the forefront. Thus, the human race had the most Celestial Masters. The total number of Celestial Masters in the three human factions was far from what the other Celestial Masters could compare.