The rules of the Heavenly Dao were ironclad laws that were nearly insurmountable.
After becoming an Empyrean and inheriting the destiny of the Heavenly Dao, one could use the laws of karma to create their own transcendent divine might and their lifespan would also be greatly extended.
However, the number of Empyreans was far too few. In the entire universe, there were 100,000 great worlds and each great world had its own World Lord. In addition, there were some World Lords that ruled over several or even dozens of great worlds. The number of World Lords might have surpassed 100,000!
But, there were only 128 Empyreans that could inherit the Mandate of Heaven …
Thus, whenever an Empyrean died, there would always be a life or death struggle occurring in the universe.
But this time, there was an exception.
For no apparent reason at all, another Empyrean position had appeared …
This extra Empyrean position was to forcefully inherit the Mandate of Heaven. This caused the Heavenly Dao to shake and even the rules of the Heavenly Dao to become chaotic.
At this time, all of the Empyreans had dignified expressions. They had never encountered such a situation since they were born. Just what would happen if another Empyrean position appeared? Why would another Empyrean position suddenly appear in the universe? What would happen to that extra Empyrean position …
After this matter occurred, it immediately attracted the attention of many great influences in the universe.
The shaking of the Heavenly Dao continued …
At the bottom of the Samsara Abyss, Xun had already arrived beside Luo Zheng. She looked at the trembling crown with a dignified expression.
"This is the Mandate Crown." Xun whispered to herself. "The Mandate Crown is only born when an Empyrean falls …"
In the past, Xun had once led the Demon Night Clan to participate in the struggle for the Mandate Crown. Because a beast race Empyrean had reached the end of his life and was unable to reverse the situation, he perished and the Mandate Crown appeared. Xun had gathered the many tribes of the Demon Night Clan and seized the Mandate Crown from the hands of several other races!
And the one that finally inherited the Mandate of Heaven and became an Empyrean was Empyrean Divine Arrow!
It was also because of this that Empyrean Divine Arrow had followed Xun from start to finish …
Hearing Xun's explanation, Luo Zheng revealed a strong interest. "Then, if I wear the Mandate Crown now, won't I be able to become an Empyrean?"
"No," Xun shook her head, "Those who bear the Mandate of Heaven have to go through the third Spirit Transformation and step into the Sector Lord realm before they can wear it. If their cultivation isn't enough, they won't be able to bear it!"
The so-called Three Transformations of the Divine Transformation Realm were the Divine Sea, Divine Extreme, and Divine Transformation Realms!
The Divine Sea realm was the opening of the Divine Sea. The Extreme Divine Realm was the birth of life within one's inner world. As for the Divine Transformation realm, it was the process of transforming one's soul into a divine being within one's inner world.
Of course, the Divine Transformation realm was not the true Divine Transformation realm. The so-called 'divinity' here was only relative to the millions of lives within one's inner world. After reaching the Divine Transformation realm, the more lives one had in their inner world, the stronger they would be, and the more powerful a Divine Transformation realm martial artist would be!
Only after passing through the Third Transformation of the Divine Transformation Stage would one be bestowed with the title of Lord of a Realm. Only then would one have the right to bear the Mandate of Heaven …
Luo Zheng nodded. It seemed that the Crown of Heaven's Will was not a trivial thing. However, it was useless now. "Then, the Crown of Heaven's Will is useless now …"
"It's useless!" Refined Godchild was speechless. Although the Heavenly Dao had changed, the rules of bearing the Heaven's Will still hadn't changed. To any race or martial artist, the Crown of Heaven's Will was an extremely important existence. Yet, this brat actually said that it was useless!
Smog lightly smiled. "It is indeed useless now. But, once Luo Zheng completes the Three Transformations of the Divine Transformation in the future, it will be of great use. I'm just curious. If one of the 128 Empyreans is forcefully shoved in, I have no idea what will happen …"
Refined Godchild wasn't aware of Luo Zheng and Smog's current situation.
The Crown of Heaven's Will was something that everyone could compete for. But, it wasn't able to give Luo Zheng a fundamental increase in strength. Moreover, Yao had already begun to move. Perhaps even leaving the underground palace would be a problem. It was impossible for Luo Zheng to continue cultivating here until he broke through to the World Lord realm and began to bear the Heaven's Will, and then become an Empyrean. This was clearly unrealistic …
In comparison, figuring out how to leave the underground palace was a far more realistic matter.
However, what they didn't know was that the 128 Empyreans in the universe were crazily calculating the position of the Crown of Heaven's Will!
At the same time, outside the underground palace.
All the martial artists that entered the underground palace had already returned …
For these martial artists, exploring the underground palace this time could be considered a decent harvest. Besides the second cave, they had also obtained decent lucky chances in the third and fourth caves.
However, a considerable number of martial artists had also perished. Over half of the martial artists from the Demon Night Clan, the human race, and the demon race's Holy Lands had perished!
The Holy Lord of the Demon Night Clan had already received the news. She would follow Yao's orders and wait here. The Holy Lord of the Demon Night Clan never imagined that such a great event would occur during this trip to the underground palace!
It wasn't difficult for the Holy Lord to choose between two kings. Yao had already sent Mie, Sha, Jue, and Sha to the Asura Yin World. The Holy Lord of the Demon Night Clan might still have some reservations about Yao's orders, but as the Holy Lord of the Purple Bamboo Holy Land, she had to be responsible for the entire Holy Land. She was well aware of the consequences of disobeying Yao. Now that Yao was the leader of the Demon Night Clan, the consequences of disobeying Yao were obvious.
Now, all she needed to do was wait here and leave everything else to them. With her strength, killing Xun and Luo Zheng wouldn't be difficult. But if Xun resisted, it would be difficult for her to bear the crime of killing a king …
The Holy Lord of the Demon Night Clan stood outside the underground palace and watched the entire process through the martial artists of his clan. Naturally, he hated Luo Zheng to the bone. He didn't care what grudges Luo Zheng had with the Demon Night Clan, but he would never let Luo Zheng off.
As for the human Holy Lord, he was now in a dilemma. He knew that Luo Zheng was a martial artist of Cloud Mist Palace, but the current situation was beyond his control. He didn't know how to intervene …
At the bottom of the Abyss of Reincarnation.
Luo Zheng stood in the center of the palace. Under Refined Shenzi's guidance, he sat in the middle of the Divine Runes.
"To control the Wheel of Reincarnation, you need to fully comprehend the 3,600 Divine Runes. How much time you need will depend on your comprehension …" Refined Shenzi's voice sounded from the side of the palace.
Luo Zheng narrowed his eyes and memorized the Divine Runes. At the same time, he tried to activate them.
Just like Refined Shenzi said, the Wheel of Reincarnation was a huge spatial treasure. If he could control it, he could use it to leave this place.
The 3,600 Divine Runes were inherited from the previous Evolution Era. They were extremely unfamiliar to Luo Zheng, and it would be difficult for him to grasp them. He could only make the best use of his time.
Two hours later, the Divine Runes around Luo Zheng gradually lit up …
But at this moment, only a hundred Divine Runes had lit up. At this speed, it would take him around thirty-two hours to light up all the Divine Runes.
However, as Luo Zheng became more familiar with the patterns of the Divine Runes, the speed of lighting became faster and faster.
Four hours later, he had lit up close to three hundred Divine Runes.
Six hours later, he had lit up more than a thousand Divine Runes.
Eight hours later, all the Divine Inscriptions started to glow. At this moment, Luo Zheng's eyes abruptly snapped open.
"Is it done?" Xun asked.
Luo Zheng smiled and nodded. Then, he spread his hands in the air.
"Rumble …"
At this moment, the entire underground palace began to tremble.
At the entrance of the underground palace, all the warriors' faces changed. They didn't know what was happening inside the underground palace, but the space outside the palace began to collapse.
"The underground palace seems to be moving!"
"How is that possible? The Abyss of Reincarnation can move?"
"Who knows what's going on!"
Seeing this, the three Saint Lords had different expressions on their faces. They stared blankly at what was happening in front of them.
The Wheel of Reincarnation was a spatial treasure. Under Luo Zheng's control, it began to climb up rapidly.