The moment the Wheel of Reincarnation came out of the ground, the three sacred lords appeared above Zeji City at the same time!
Looking at the Wheel of Reincarnation, the three sacred lords frowned …
The Asura Yin World's martial artists had speculated many times about the origin of this underground palace. Some even guessed that this palace was a space treasure.
When they really saw such a huge magic treasure, they were still very shocked.
However, the three sacred lords came from different factions, so they all had different thoughts!
The Holy Lord of the Eventide clan naturally wouldn't allow Xun to leave this place. She naturally had to stop him with all her might. Although she was a little hesitant, she knew that she had no other choice. If she let Xun go, her entire Purple Bamboo Holy Land would be implicated!
However, before she could do anything, the demon race's sacred lord's eyes flashed and he sneered, "Demonic Great Palm!"
Although the sacred lord of a tenth rank sacred land wasn't a sector lord, he had the cultivation of a sector lord. Just how strong was he?
When the demon race's sacred lord attacked, the heaven and earth origin energy above Zeji City began to become chaotic. It formed a huge palm in the sky that wasn't much smaller than the Wheel of Reincarnation!
In the depths of the Wheel of Reincarnation, the palace around Luo Zheng had completely disappeared. Only he and the three thousand six hundred godly runes remained!
Standing here, Luo Zheng could see everything that was happening outside. Seeing the huge palm form, his eyes flashed with a trace of seriousness.
It would be best if he could use the Wheel of Reincarnation to leave this place. If the Wheel of Reincarnation was destroyed, he could only use the Gen token to return to the immortal estate. However, that was Luo Zheng's last path of retreat. Unless it was absolutely necessary, he wouldn't take that step!
That large handprint contained the power to annihilate all things. This was the strongest attack that Luo Zheng had ever seen!
Even if Luo Zheng had a divine artifact body, he would probably vanish under this palm. Although Lian Shenzi was very confident in the Wheel of Reincarnation, Luo Zheng and Xun's expressions were very serious at this moment.
Rumble ….
The giant palm imprint slammed into the Plate of Reincarnation, and the entire Plate of Reincarnation trembled and sank down several feet!
Luo Zheng's feet were firmly rooted to the ground. His hands moved like shuttles as he controlled the divine runes, doing his best to stabilize the Wheel of Samsara's height.
"Hehe … Even though he's a sector lord, he's still not strong enough to break my Rebirth Plate!" Lian Shenzi sneered.
The Holy Master of the Demon Race had a cautious look in his eyes. He had used 70% of his strength to execute the Great Demonic Palm Imprint. However, he hadn't been able to destroy the Samsara Plate. This was clearly beyond his expectations.
As for the Holy Lord of the Night Demon Clan, she seemed to be thinking about something. She let out a long sigh, flipped her hands, and a huge bow that was dozens of feet long appeared beside her. Her figure flickered as she grabbed the bowstring and retreated …
Buzz!
As she released the bowstring, an invisible arrow suddenly shot out from the bow, shooting toward the Wheel of Reincarnation!
Dong!
The Wheel of Reincarnation was struck by the invisible arrow. Even with a loud bang, the Wheel of Reincarnation remained firm and unshakeable.
Seeing this, the Holy Lord of the Night Demon Clan revealed a look of relief. She didn't want to attack Xun, but if she wasn't strong enough to break the Wheel of Reincarnation, then it wouldn't be her responsibility.
In her heart, she hoped that Xun would leave as soon as possible …
The image of the three kings was deeply ingrained in the hearts of the Night Demon Clan members. Even though Xun had been gone for many years, Xun's statue couldn't be replaced. As long as she didn't die, she would be the king of the Night Demon Clan!
The two Holy Lords had both attacked …
As for the human Holy Lord, he had no reason to attack. Luo Zheng was, after all, a member of the Alliance. He should stand by Luo Zheng's side. However, Luo Zheng was involved in the internal strife of the Night Demon Clan, and he didn't want to get involved.
If he got involved, then the Alliance and the Night Demon Clan would become enemies. The human Sacred Land in the Sifting Yin World would probably have to move.
In this kind of situation, everyone was selfish. He had no choice but to think for himself.
The demon Holy Lord was still unwilling to give up. The stronger the Wheel of Reincarnation was, the more interested he was. A spatial treasure like this was a priceless treasure to any Sacred Land. It was extremely important!
Rumble, rumble …
Huge palm prints covered the Wheel of Reincarnation. The entire Wheel of Reincarnation was shaking, but it was only limited to shaking. The demon Holy Lord was unable to break the Wheel of Reincarnation.
A smile appeared on Luo Zheng's face. He didn't expect the Wheel of Reincarnation to be so sturdy that it could withstand the attacks of a Realm Lord.
However, in the next moment, that smile disappeared from his face. He saw Mu Mingxue.
The demon Holy Lord stopped attacking, but the white clothed Mu Mingxue floated in the air and slowly approached the demon Holy Lord.
Mu Mingxue's body was bound by grey chains. Her body was slanted, and her hair was drooping. She seemed to be unconscious.
"You're Luo Zheng, right?"
A huge roar resounded through the sky. It was like a bolt of lightning that entered the Wheel of Reincarnation.
"I'm not interested in your life. That's a matter between you and the Night Demon Clan! Hand over the Wheel of Reincarnation and that puppet! I can let you go! "
As the demon Holy Lord spoke, he used his huge hand to grab Mu Mingxue. Mu Mingxue's petite body was like a doll in the demon Holy Lord's hand. He only needed to use a little bit of strength, and Mu Mingxue would die.
When he saw this, Luo Zheng's expression instantly darkened. If he handed over the Wheel of Reincarnation, he would die just like Xun. The Night Demon Clan wouldn't let them go.
Xun's eyes flashed, and a faint 'Chuan' character appeared on her forehead. In her heart, sacrificing Mu Mingxue was something she didn't need to consider. After all, she was just an Ascender from the human race. She wasn't important at all. However, she knew Luo Zheng's personality. Perhaps Mu Mingxue was an insignificant person, but Luo Zheng definitely wouldn't sacrifice her. Although he was different from everyone else, he had never let his guard down.
As expected …
After Luo Zheng activated a divine imprint, his voice rang out from the Wheel of Reincarnation. "What if I don't hand over the Wheel of Reincarnation?"
When he heard Luo Zheng's reply, the Demon Clan's Holy Master smiled widely. Two small black snakes appeared from his sleeves. The snakes slithered along his wrist to Mu Mingxue's body and coiled around her.
The Demon Clan's Holy Master was afraid that his threat wouldn't work. Apart from Mu Mingxue's good looks, no matter how one looked at it, she wasn't worth sacrificing the Wheel of Reincarnation.
"If you don't hand over the Wheel of Reincarnation, the consequences are simple. Hehe." After the Demon Clan's Holy Master finished speaking, the two small snakes coiled around Mu Mingxue's white neck and flicked their tongues. "These Tie Li Snakes can make human females suffer a fate worse than death …"
Luo Zheng's expression darkened as he stared at Mu Mingxue. After pondering for a moment, a cold smile appeared on his face. He suddenly said, "I understand. However, you seem to be the Holy Master of a tenth rank Holy Land?"
"So?" The Demon Clan's Holy Master coldly snorted.
"I don't know if this tenth rank Holy Land is important to you? I remember that the tenth rank Holy Land of the Demon Clan in the Asura Yin World should be in the north. I don't know if you'll feel heartache if I raze this tenth rank Holy Land to the ground! "
"You dare!" Hearing this, the Demon Clan's Holy Master's expression changed.
However, Luo Zheng waved his hand and activated over a hundred divine runes. The Wheel of Reincarnation slowly rotated and shot towards the north!
The Wheel of Reincarnation was a spatial treasure used by Heavenly Sovereigns. Its speed was extremely fast. Relying on the Wheel of Reincarnation, Luo Zheng could block the Holy Master's attack, but he couldn't counterattack. Among the 3,600 divine runes, there was no such ability.
However, with the Wheel of Reincarnation's enormous size and immovable shell, it could rampage through the Demon Clan's Holy Land …
"Boom!"
The Demon Clan's Holy Master caught up from behind and slammed his palm on the Wheel of Reincarnation again. He wanted to stop Luo Zheng.
＝＝＝＝＝