The power of the Demon Race's Holy Master's palm was terrifying, but it couldn't stop the Wheel of Samsara in the slightest!
"If you don't stop, I will kill this human woman right now!" At the same time, the Demon Race's Holy Master spoke again.
Luo Zheng coldly snorted, "If you dare to kill her, I will raze your Holy Land to the ground!"
At this moment, Luo Zheng didn't hesitate at all!
Under his control, the Wheel of Samsara sped up even more. As the massive Wheel of Samsara flew through the air, it stirred up violent tornadoes and madly rushed around!
The speed of the Wheel of Samsara was far beyond Luo Zheng's imagination!
Flying through a great world was originally an extremely long process. In order to save time, most cultivators would choose to use the great world passageway!
There was a considerable distance between the Asura Yin World and the Demon Race's Holy Land. Even a Divine Sea Realm cultivator would need a considerable amount of time if they didn't use the great world passageway.
However, under the Demon Race's Holy Master's pursuit, in less than two hours, Luo Zheng saw some exaggerated black buildings. It was a large city of the Demon Race! He had already arrived at the Demon Race's territory …
Without any hesitation, he controlled the Wheel of Samsara to crash downwards!
"Rumble …"
The massive Wheel of Samsara crashed downwards, plowing a hundred-mile-long and several-mile-wide ravine in the Demon Race's city!
Looking down from the sky, a huge scar had appeared on the Demon Race's great city in an instant. As for the Demon Race, who knew how many of them had died ….
Seeing this scene, the Demon Race's Holy Master's eyelids couldn't help but twitch.
This guy …
The Demon Race's large city in front of him was only a border city. Even if it was destroyed, the Demon Race's Holy Master wouldn't feel any heartache. However, if he allowed this guy to continue causing trouble, once he reached the core of the Demon Race's Holy Land, he was afraid that his countless years of accumulation would be destroyed in an instant!
"Rumble …"
The Wheel of Samsara continued to rampage through the city. Everywhere it passed, it brought about a devastating disaster!
All of the Demon Race martial artists in the city flew up into the air, staring at this behemoth in shock and anger. In front of the Wheel of Samsara, these burly Demon Race martial artists were as small as mosquitoes. They didn't know why they would suffer such a calamity.
Some Demon race martial artists even tried to counterattack. But, even a Saint Lord couldn't shake the Wheel of Samsara. The attacks of those Life and Death and Divine Sea realm martial artists were like tickles to the Wheel of Samsara. They couldn't even leave a mark on it!
The Wheel of Reincarnation continued to crush the entire city. After swaying for ten rounds, it almost destroyed half of the city. Then, it slowly floated into the air.
"I'll give you a chance to regret it," Luo Zheng's cold voice came from the Plate of Samsara.
The Demon Race Saint Lord's face was very ugly. Using a human girl to threaten a Divine Sea realm junior was already a very shameful thing. If it weren't for the importance of the Wheel of Samsara, how could he, a Saint Lord of a tenth grade Holy Land, do such a thing?
But now, he was being threatened by Luo Zheng …
Luo Zheng didn't give the Demon Race Saint Lord any time to think. In fact, Luo Zheng had a considerable psychological advantage. He knew that if he showed his fear, he would only kill Mu Mingxue.
"Whoosh …"
The huge Wheel of Samsara suddenly moved forward, continuing to advance into the depths of the Demon Race's Holy Land!
In the Demon Race city, which was mostly destroyed by Luo Zheng, countless Demon race martial artists floated in the air. They looked at the Wheel of Samsara and the burly figure in the sky. Some of them recognized the identity of the Demon Race's Saint Lord!
"It's our Saint Lord!"
"Why didn't the Saint Lord stop that big plate!"
"Woo woo woo, my home is destroyed …"
Hearing the wails of the Demon race martial artists below, the Demon Race martial artist was also upset. At this moment, his face was full of unwillingness. He didn't want to let Luo Zheng go. The temptation of the Wheel of Samsara was big enough for him. Not to mention, the secrets of the Wheel of Samsara were definitely more than that!
But what could he do if he didn't let Luo Zheng go?
Only this human woman in his possession could threaten Luo Zheng. But now it seemed like his threat was of no use at all, and he'd even lost a city instead. Under the crushing pressure of the Wheel of Samsara, countless Devil Race cultivators in the city had been killed or injured!
This kid seemed to be a decisive guy. If he continued to hesitate, then the Holy Land's losses would be more than that. The number of Demon race martial artists killed or injured would increase by ten times, or even a hundred times!
In the end, the Demon Race Saint Lord clenched his teeth and took a step forward. The Law of Space around him flashed. He crossed the space and arrived in front of the Wheel of Samsara.
"Stop!"
The Demon Race Saint Lord grabbed Mu Mingxue and stood in front of the Wheel of Samsara.
The Wheel of Samsara suddenly slowed down in its flight and finally stopped a few dozen feet away from Mu Mingxue.
"Have you thought it through?" Luo Zheng asked coldly. "Let Mu Mingxue go and we'll pretend this never happened!"
Never happened …
The Demon Race Saint Lord's heart was filled with anger. His city had been destroyed. How could Luo Zheng say something like that?
But he already knew that there was no room for negotiation with Luo Zheng. In the end, a trace of helplessness appeared on his face. He loosened his grip on Mu Mingxue and the black chains on her body dissipated.
With his other hand, he gently tapped Mu Mingxue's forehead. A black ray of light shot out from Mu Mingxue's forehead. At that moment, Mu Mingxue slowly woke up.
The moment Mu Mingxue used the Divine Rune of Return to leave the Abyss of Samsara, she lost consciousness. She had no idea what happened after that. So when she saw that she was in the Demon Race Saint Lord's hands, her eyes widened. She had no idea what was going on.
"Let her go!"
At that moment, Luo Zheng's voice sounded.
"Luo Zheng!"
Mu Mingxue suddenly turned around and saw a dazzling golden behemoth. Her face revealed a look of surprise. What exactly was this huge disc? Why did Luo Zheng's voice come from it?
The Demon Race Saint Lord clenched his teeth and loosened his grip. Mu Mingxue shook her shoulders. Her heart was filled with a hundred thousand whys … Why would the Demon Race Saint Lord listen to Luo Zheng?
But since she had regained her freedom, how could Mu Mingxue be willing to stay? With a light kick of her legs, she left the Demon Race Saint Lord's hand and floated towards the Plate of Samsara.
"Luo Zheng?" Mu Mingxue shouted with a face full of surprise.
"Come over here, below!" Luo Zheng said.
When the Plate of Samsara was hidden deep underground, there was only one entrance. Moreover, it was an entrance that Heavenly Venerate Yu Lin had meticulously arranged.
However, after Luo Zheng gained control of the Wheel of Reincarnation, he sealed the entrance. Through the divine runes, Luo Zheng discovered that there were many entrances to the Wheel of Reincarnation. One of them was at the bottom of the Wheel of Reincarnation!
The Demon Race Saint Lord stood to the side, silent …
Luo Zheng said, "You, get the hell away from me!"
Hearing this, the Demon Race Saint Lord's face suddenly flashed with a fierce light. He was a dignified Saint Lord. How could he endure being scolded by a junior like this?
"Brat …" The Demon Race Saint Lord clenched his teeth and said.
"I don't want to talk nonsense with you. If you don't want your tenth rank Saint Land to be destroyed, then get the hell away from me!" Luo Zheng's voice came from the Plate of Samsara again. His tone was unquestionable.
The Demon Race Saint Lord let out a long sigh. In the end, he could only leave this place …
In fact, the Demon Race Saint Lord originally had a plan. If the human woman wanted to enter the Plate of Samsara, Luo Zheng would definitely open an entrance. He could take advantage of this opportunity to cross space and enter the Plate of Samsara.
But this chance wasn't great. Moreover, with this brat's vengeful personality, if he failed, his tenth rank Saint Land would really be destroyed.
After thinking it over, he chose to retreat.
This was because he didn't know that the Plate of Samsara contained a Crown of Heaven's Will.
The Crown of Heaven's Will caused the Heavenly Dao to tremble. Only the 128 Heavenly Venerates could sense it.