Mu Mingxue carefully walked through the empty world.
The background of the palace had completely disappeared. She felt that she was walking on the floor, but the ground below her was transparent. She could clearly see the mountains and rivers below. This feeling was very strange …
"Luo Zheng, where is this?" Mu Mingxue asked curiously.
"The Wheel of Samsara." Luo Zheng said.
Mu Mingxue's face revealed a trace of depression. This answer was equivalent to not answering. Where did this huge space magic treasure come from?
Seeing Mu Mingxue's expression, Luo Zheng smiled and briefly explained what happened after Mu Mingxue left. After hearing this, Mu Mingxue suddenly understood.
"So this Abyss of Samsara is a huge space magic treasure." Mu Mingxue's face also revealed a look of surprise.
Space magic treasures weren't something rare. They existed in both the higher and lower realms. But to be able to block the full power attack of a Sector Lord, this was inconceivable …
Sector Lord, Lord of a Sector …
Amongst the trillions of living beings in the universe, Sector Lords were peak existences other than Empyreans!
She was actually forced by Luo Zheng to let her go. Mu Mingxue didn't know how to express her feelings.
Thinking about it, that demon Holy Lord used her to threaten Luo Zheng, but Luo Zheng didn't abandon her and escape. Instead, he thought of a way to save her. She couldn't help but feel a trace of sweetness in her heart.
"Where do we go now?" After thinking, Mu Mingxue asked again.
"Now … let's leave this Asura World first. If we don't leave now, I'm afraid we won't be able to leave." Hearing Mu Mingxue's question, Luo Zheng's expression became serious again.
Although the Plate of Samsara was extremely sturdy and was able to block the attacks of the Saint Lord, there were simply too many experts in the universe. Although the Saint Lord was a Sector Lord, he wasn't the Lord of a Sector. A true Sector Lord would only be stronger than him!
Now that Xun's identity had been exposed, Na Yao's actions would definitely not be slow. She would definitely send people to hunt him down. World Overlords, Great World Overlords, and even Empyreans were possible!
The situation was still very grim. Now was definitely not the time to relax.
"Where do we go after leaving the Asura World?" Xun asked the same question.
"Hmm?" Luo Zheng was slightly stunned.
A hint of hesitation appeared on Luo Zheng's face when he thought of this.
Return to the Alliance?
The Three Thousand Realms of the Alliance could accommodate him. Moreover, Luo Zheng had entered the Lingyan Pavilion of the Alliance and had many privileges in the Alliance.
But now that Luo Zheng and Xun's identities were exposed at the same time, would Yun Luo still protect him?
When it came to Xun, the Yao Night Clan definitely wouldn't compromise …
Perhaps Luo Zheng's talent was enough to attract the attention of the Alliance, but Luo Zheng was still only a Divine Ocean Realm junior. Would she make an enemy of the Yao Night Clan's King of Punishment for a Divine Ocean Realm junior?
One could imagine that Na Yao was willing to pay any price to kill Xun. If Luo Zheng returned to the Alliance, she definitely wouldn't let him go …
In the end, whether Yun Luo could protect Luo Zheng or not was definitely a big question mark. Because by then, the two races would have already involved negotiations between Empyreans!
Thinking of this, Luo Zheng shook his head, "No, we won't return to the Alliance!"
"Then … where will we go?" Xun smiled.
"Let's go into hiding first," Luo Zheng replied. After hearing this question twice in a row, Luo Zheng fell into deep thought.
He didn't have much time to think about it now. The forces in the Upper Realm were tangled and complicated. It wasn't like the situation when Luo Zheng was in the Lower Realm. In this situation, it wasn't a life and death struggle. Instead, it was a situation where the races could kill each other, and at the same time, they could coexist peacefully in the Asura World …
Therefore, Luo Zheng had no choice but to reconsider his path.
From the beginning of his ascension, Luo Zheng's biggest goal was to find Luo Yan.
Even now, he didn't relax at all towards this goal. However, Luo Zheng still had no clue where Luo Yan was.
If Luo Yan wasn't in this world, where could she be? Could it be that Luo Yan had already surpassed the Heavenly Dao and this world …
As he controlled the huge Wheel of Reincarnation, he thought about his next step.
The Wheel of Reincarnation sped through the skies of the Asura World, passing by countless cities along the way.
Among them were cities of the Yao Night Clan, the Human Clan, and naturally, the Demon Clan. Every time it passed by a city, it attracted countless shocked gazes.
After several hours, the Wheel of Reincarnation had crossed almost half of the Asura World and arrived at one side of the Great Realm!
Even though the Great Realm Passageway was wide, it couldn't accommodate the huge Wheel of Reincarnation. If he wanted to cross the Great Realm, he would have to forcibly pass through it. However, since the Wheel of Reincarnation was a spatial treasure used by Celestial Venerables, this wasn't a problem for it. After Luo Zheng activated several divine runes, the Wheel of Reincarnation charged into the depths of space. As its surface flashed with a blazing white light, it began to shuttle through space.
However, just as the Wheel of Reincarnation entered the depths of space, a violent tremor transmitted over!
Rumble!
Under the violent tremor, Mu Mingxue almost lost her footing and fell to the ground.
Looking along the transparent wall, Luo Zheng's face was covered in a layer of frost, while Xun's expression became unsightly!
As for Lian Shenzi, this matter originally had nothing to do with him. However, ever since Luo Zheng activated the Wheel of Reincarnation, he hadn't rested at all. He found it strange. "You … You seem to have offended quite a few big shots!"
Four people appeared around the Wheel of Reincarnation. They were cultivators of the Yao Night Clan, and there were both men and women among them!
Luo Zheng couldn't see through their cultivations, but the sharp auras they exuded were even stronger than the Demon Clan's Saint Lord …
Xun's gaze was fixed on the four of them. Aside from the coldness in her eyes, there was also a trace of grief. She lowered her head and said indifferently, "It's Mie, Jue, Sha, and Sha … These four people used to follow me …"
As the King of Slaughter, Xun represented the strongest sword of the Yao Night Clan. Naturally, the cultivators by her side were the strongest as well.
The four of them were the most talented geniuses of the Yao Night Clan. They had followed Xun all the way until now!
A hundred thousand years ago, when Xun was exploring the Abyss of Reincarnation, the four of them had accompanied her. At that time, Mie, Jue, Sha, and Sha were only at the Ultimate God Realm!
At that time, they were the younger generation of the Yao Night Clan. However, at that time, Xun had already been bestowed the title of King, and they became her King's guards!
Mie had almost sacrificed his own life to protect Xun when she was exploring the Abyss of Reincarnation …
A hundred thousand years later, the four of them had become Realm Lords. Their status and strength were far greater than ordinary Realm Lords!
The four of them had a deep friendship with Xun, but now they were sent by Yao to kill her.
Actually, Yao had many experts by her side that she could use. Some of them might not be weaker than the four of them. However, Yao had sent them to kill Xun. She must have had enough confidence. At the same time, it was a blatant show off.
The people closest to you have chosen to betray you. What right do you have to fight me?
That was Yao's unspoken words. That was Yao's intention!
Hearing the sudden change in Xun's voice, Luo Zheng controlled the Wheel of Reincarnation to fly forward. He turned around and stared blankly at Xun. He didn't know how to comfort Xun …
"Rumble …"
At that moment, another violent tremor came.
One of them was a white-robed Fiend Night Clan warrior. He held a light green spear in his hand, and with a thrust of his spear, he almost flipped the Wheel of Samsara over!
"What a powerful stab!" Luo Zheng's eyes focused. He controlled the runes and finally stabilized the Wheel of Reincarnation.
At that moment, Xun said, "Let me talk to them."