"Mie …"
Xun's voice floated out from the Wheel of Samsara, echoing throughout the space.
Swoosh swoosh swoosh …
The spear in Mie's hand spun in a circle, then he knelt down on one knee, his eyes filled with a profound light.
"My King."
He was dressed in snow-white robes, and his long silver hair fluttered behind him. His handsome face was even more beautiful than a woman's.
Mie, Jue, Slaughter, and Slaughter were all women. Besides Mie, who was a man, the other three were all women.
Now that Mie knelt down, Jue, Slaughter, and Slaughter followed suit.
Within the Wheel of Samsara, Xun stared at the four in a daze, then asked, "Are you … all right?"
It was just a simple greeting, but the four trembled slightly, their thoughts drifting back to the past.
Seven hundred years ago, a strange phenomenon occurred in the universe. A crack appeared in the Heavenly Dao, and a corpse fell from it, landing on the Mysterious Purple Planet.
Rumor had it that it was the body of a True God …
The Upper Realm's clans heard the news, and they sent cultivators to the Mysterious Purple Planet to investigate the whereabouts of the corpse. Because this was no small matter, they sent Mie, Slaughter, and the other three to the Mysterious Purple Planet.
That day, Xun personally sent the four off in her own Locked Space Hall.
Although the journey to the Mysterious Purple Planet was a battle between the strongest cultivators of the various clans, Xun was very confident in the four of them. If the four of them worked together, they would not be defeated by anyone below the Heavenly Venerate level.
In the universe, Heavenly Venerates rarely fought, so this mission did not put too much pressure on the four of them.
However, not long after Mie, Slaughter, and the other three left, Xun, who was in the Locked Space Hall, felt a little uneasy. She had a bad premonition, but she did not know where it came from.
Normally, when she had this kind of feeling, Xun would ask the Heavenly Venerates of her clan to divine it. But this time, Divine Arrow Heavenly Venerate was still in seclusion, so she did not want to disturb him …
But at that moment, Xun heard the sound of chains swinging. Then, Yao appeared at the entrance of the Locked Space Hall, wearing the azure Vast Sky Armor and wielding the Sacred Lightning Chain Hammer.
The Vast Sky Armor and the Holy Lightning Chain Hammer were the two supreme artifacts of the clan. They were ranked in the top fifty of the Universal Myriad Spirit Stele. Xun immediately understood what it meant for a fully armed Yao to appear in front of her.
It was also at this moment that the Holy Slaughter Spear appeared in Xun's hand. At the same time, ripples appeared on Xun's Faith Pond. She began to draw out her Faith Pond so that she could quickly enter a combat state.
At her peak, with the Pond of Faith behind her and her Holy Spear, she could even kill a Celestial Venerable! After all, she was the most powerful sword of the Yao Night Clan!
However, the premonition in her heart was still very bad. Yao Yao didn't act immediately. She merely swung the Holy Lightning Chainhammer in her hand. Bolts of lightning were like little snakes that constantly revolved around the chainhammer. The bolts of lightning were only as thick as a finger, but they contained the ultimate profoundness of the eighth level of the Law of Lightning. At the same time, they also contained the fatal law of karma …
Only the warriors who had tried the Holy Thunder Chain Hammer knew what it felt like. However, all the warriors who had tried it were already dead.
Ten breaths of time …
The entire Spatial Lock Hall remained silent. Panic began to appear on Xun's face. Ever since she had been crowned King, there had never been a problem with her Faith Pond. But on this day, she discovered that she was unable to draw out the power of faith.
"You sealed the Faith Pond!"
"In the Yao Night Clan, this is a capital crime …"
"The Council of Elders will not let you off!"
Yao Yao didn't speak. She slowly walked towards Xun. Her spiked high heels emitted clear sounds as she stepped on the floor, echoing throughout the Spatial Lock Hall. Even though she had a meticulous plan, no one dared to bear the crime of killing a King. Thus, she could only do it herself.
"Why?" Xun coldly asked as she stared at Yao Yao. The Holy Spear's tip shimmered with a cold light, but after losing the power of faith, Xun's actions were better than nothing. It was impossible for her to be Yao Yao's match.
Hearing Xun's question, Yao Yao smiled. "Why? Let me think … because I hate you. It's that simple. "
…
Not long after, countless Holy Lands of the Yao Night Clan began to shake. All of the King statues began to dim.
Several hundred Great Worlds, over a thousand tenth rank Holy Lands, and many other influences of the Yao Night Clan began to dim. At the same time, they learned that their King had met with a calamity.
In the Yao Night Clan, this was a heaven-shaking, earth-shattering event. The change of King concerned the rise and fall of the Yao Night Clan, and Xun had only been in power for 100,000 years …
But soon, the Yao Night Clan members discovered that Xun didn't seem to have died. This was because the King statue continued to shimmer with a tenacious light. That light hadn't been extinguished, meaning that their King hadn't gone far.
The matter of the two Kings fighting was soon exposed. Or, it could be said that Yao Yao didn't plan on hiding it to begin with.
But, the Yao Night Clan was controlled by three Kings to begin with. The Council of Elders was the weaker party, and the Empyreans of the clan each had their own supporters. Xun's former subordinates were quickly wiped out!
By the time Miejue Sha and the others returned, it was already too late …
Seven hundred years had passed. When the four of them met with Xun again, they were enemies and not friends. When they heard Xun's concerned greeting, they couldn't help but feel pain in their hearts!
As Xun's former subordinates, as well as Xun's closest comrades, they had been betrayed and forced to live.
Miejue slowly stood up. Faced with Xun's greeting, a helpless smile appeared on his face that was even more beautiful than a woman's. The other three also had similar expressions … after Xun left, it was easy to imagine what their circumstances had been like.
"King, I'm sorry!" Miejue lowered his head and said. After he spoke, he deeply bowed once more.
Their friendship with Xun was so deep that even after seven hundred years, it still couldn't be erased.
But today, they were burdened with a heavy reason. If they hesitated too much, then everyone in the clan they were originally in would die, including their wives, children, fathers, daughters, and even the other clans in the clan. They would all be implicated!
"Hah …" Xun sighed. She naturally knew that since these four people were willing to hunt her down, they must have some unspeakable secret that she didn't know about!
Yao Yao was the King in charge of punishment, so Xun was well aware of her methods. It might be difficult for Miejue and the others to submit to Yao Yao, but it was hard to say if she used other methods …
At the same time, Luo Zheng's eyes narrowed slightly, and the Wheel of Reincarnation was activated again!
After Miejue bowed, the long spear in his hand emitted an invisible wave of energy!
Luo Zheng had seen this wave of energy several times before. Even when Xun released it with her weak Sword Spirit Body, its penetrative power was terrifying!
This was the supreme spear technique of the Yao Ye clan, the Invisible Spear Technique. It was also the spear technique that the King of Massacre specialized in. When Xun taught this spear technique to Miejue, it was also with the permission of the Elders.
With Miejue's cultivation, this spear technique was tens of thousands of times stronger than what Luo Zheng had seen before!
The invisible wave pierced through space and pierced the surface of the Wheel of Reincarnation, causing a loud explosion!
"Dong!"
The Wheel of Reincarnation didn't shatter, but there was an obvious dent on its surface!
At the same time, Miejue, Massacre, and Slaughter chased after the Wheel of Reincarnation from behind, constantly exerting a powerful force on the Wheel of Reincarnation.
"Rumble, rumble …"
Luo Zheng frowned and didn't say a word. He just focused on controlling the Wheel of Reincarnation to fly all the way through the vast universe. Miejue, Massacre, and the other three chased after him relentlessly. Their attacks were fiercer and fiercer than the previous one.
In the endless space of the universe, under the relentless pursuit, cracks began to appear on the surface of the Wheel of Reincarnation!
"Crack, crack …"
The Divine Runes around Luo Zheng exploded one by one!
"These guys are too strong. Even the Wheel of Reincarnation can't withstand such destruction!" Refined Shenzi smiled bitterly. "I don't think this Space Magic Treasure will be able to hold on for long!"
Mu Mingxue's face was filled with nervousness. She didn't even dare to breathe loudly. Her usefulness right now was negligible. She could only keep quiet to avoid causing trouble for Luo Zheng and the others.
"Let me out," Xun suddenly said.
"No." Luo Zheng immediately shook his head and refused. Now that Xun's soul had recovered by over 60%, her sword spirit body had also been greatly strengthened. With her current strength, she might be able to contend with a Divine Transformation realm powerhouse, or even a first level martial artist like Hall Master Shen. But, facing these existences that surpassed ordinary World Lords, Xun wouldn't be able to last a single round.
"The Faith Pond hasn't been sealed yet. I can block them for a while." After saying this, Xun activated several Divine Runes around Luo Zheng.
Then, holding the Cold Plum Ancient Blood Spear, she suddenly appeared outside the Wheel of Reincarnation. As soon as Xun left the Wheel of Reincarnation, the sharp spikes condensed from the power of faith unfurled, forming a giant wing. Xun lightly flicked her spear and blocked Annihilation's path.
＝＝＝＝＝