The moment Mie saw Kaoru, his eyes softened. He retracted his spear, which he had intended to stab her with, at that moment.
The four people who were attacking the Wheel of Reincarnation stopped at the same time.
Xun flapped her wings and stood behind the Wheel of Reincarnation. She looked at the four of them and asked, "Why … did you stop?"
The four of them were silent …
They'd been through a lot to chase Xun all the way here. The conflict in their hearts was like a sharp awl that had been nailed into their hearts.
During the pursuit, the four of them had been filled with conflict, but the enormous Wheel of Samsara had been a buffer in the end.
What would happen if they destroyed the Wheel of Reincarnation?
Would they really kill Xun?
The four members of Extermination and Slaughter exchanged glances with each other. Their eyes were filled with bitterness.
Xun understood the look in their eyes. She also understood their situation. She gently waved the spear in her hand and a faint smile appeared on her face. In this smile, there was a hint of unflinching in the face of death. "Who will do it!"
No one moved …
Although Xun could extract the power of faith, she wasn't strong enough to fight them in her current state.
With their strength, they could kill her in an instant.
However, the four of them were as stiff as statues. They followed behind the Wheel of Reincarnation, but none of them charged forward.
Whoosh whoosh whoosh …
The Wheel of Reincarnation flew through the stars, but the two sides were in a strange stalemate.
Right at this moment, a bell-like laughter resounded in the universe once more. It was Yao's voice ….
"Hehe, if you're not going to attack, I'm going to! I haven't used the Eternal Night Punishment in a long time! "
The four of them's faces darkened when they heard Yao's voice.
The Eternal Night Punishment was one of the cruelest punishments in the Yao Night Clan!
If Xun used the Eternal Night Punishment, then their tribe would experience the most painful torture and die. This kind of punishment did not come from the physical pain. In fact, the Eternal Night Punishment was to extract the souls of their tribesmen and place them in the special Soul Torture Prison of the Yao Night Clan. There was almost no life and death in the Soul Torture Prison, only eternal torture!
Usually, only the most heinous traitors of the Yao Night Clan would be subjected to the Eternal Night Punishment.
But now, they were going to use it on their loved ones …
"I'll give you a hundred breaths to consider. After that, you won't have any regrets!" Yao's voice became extremely sweet, as if this was her most enjoyable moment.
When this sentence echoed through the universe, Mie rushed forward and went straight for Xun, who was standing at the end of the Wheel of Reincarnation!
Xun held her spear, and formless spear intent gathered. She used the same spear technique as Mie, but even with the power of faith, her spear's power. It wasn't even one-tenth of Mie's power!
However, she didn't retreat, and her face was expressionless!
Just as Mie rushed towards Smoky, he threw the spear in his hand to the side. His entire body crashed into the Cold Plum Ancient Blood Spear!
"Puchi!"
The tip of Cold Plum Ancient Blood Spear pierced through Mie's chest and came out from his back. Under the great impact, his body slid down the spear to Smoky's side. Blood flowed down the spear and dripped onto Smoky's fair hand …
Xun panicked. She stared blankly at Mie's face, which was more beautiful than a woman's. She opened her mouth but didn't know what to say.
.. Whoosh!
In the blink of an eye, another figure dashed over as well. It was Jue's figure!
Seeing this, Kaori reflexively changed her target. She knew what Jue's goal was …
But at this moment, Mie held the spear in his chest tightly. He didn't allow Xun to escape from his powerful grip!
.. Whoosh …
Jue's body was also skewered by the spear.
. Whoosh … Whoosh …
The remaining "Sha" and "Sha" followed closely behind. At this moment, the four of them were filled with determination and did not hesitate in the slightest.
Miejue Sha and the other three were skewered by this nine feet nine inches long Ancient Blood Plum Spear.
Xun's mouth was slightly open. She stared blankly at Xun and Xun. She couldn't say a word.
At this moment, Mie let go of the Cold Plum Ancient Blood Spear's shaft with a dejected smile on his face. He looked up at Smoky and said with a hint of sadness, "My king … no, can I call you by your name?"
Xun nodded blankly.
"Smoke, I, I … Actually, I …" Mie's beautiful face was flushed red at this moment.
He stuttered for a long time, but he couldn't say it.
"Mie likes my Queen." Jue, who was standing behind Mie, spoke first.
Although the King of the Demon Night Clan was high and mighty, they weren't allowed to marry other clansmen. This was because the position of King couldn't be passed down. If a King fell, a new King would be selected from the Demon Night Clan. Only the purest ancient Demon Night Clan warrior could become the King of the Demon Night Clan.
Xun nodded blankly. "I understand …"
"Do you remember the Southern Sky Ferry? We had just broken through to the Life and Death Realm and were training there. I put something interesting there. My Queen, if you can go there and find it … May my Queen soar again! "
"May my Queen soar again!"
"May my Queen soar again!"
"May my Queen …"
When the four of them finished speaking, a soft muffled sound came from their bodies.
Their Inner Worlds were forcefully disintegrated …
At their level, their Inner Worlds were already very rich. There were millions of creatures inside, including Life and Death Realm and Divine Sea Realm warriors.
However, the disintegration of the inner world was just like the collapse of the Heavenly Dao in the universe and the extinction of all living things. These powerful warriors of the Life and Death Realm, Spirit Sea Realm, and all kinds of Ferocious Beasts died at the same time without any room to resist. This was the law of the inner world!
The moment their Inner Worlds disintegrated, Xun and Xun's bodies lost all signs of life.
Xun let go of the Cold Plum Ancient Blood Spear in her hand and took a few steps back in a daze. The four of them still maintained their standing posture. Their eyes were still wide open as they stared at her with a dazed smile …
A sense of helplessness rose in Xun's heart as she knelt on the ground with a plop.
Not long later, Luo Zheng, Mu Mingxue, and Refined God heard a loud roar. It was like an enraged female leopard that had just lost its cubs.
Luo Zheng retreated from the messy runes. With no one chasing him, Luo Zheng let the Reincarnation Plate fly freely in the universe. At the same time, he opened an exit and arrived at the back of the Reincarnation Plate.
He saw Xun sitting alone on it. Beside her, there were four dead warriors standing under the Cold Plum Ancient Blood Spear.
Any one of these four had the power to sweep through the universe. They were even stronger than normal Great Sector Lords. Even their corpses emitted powerful auras.
Luo Zheng gently floated over and quietly stood behind Xun …
Xun was his sword spirit. He and Xun's minds were connected. Even though Luo Zheng stood behind Xun and couldn't see her devastated expression, he could feel the pain.
The four of them were facing a situation of certain death. They had already planned for it.
King killing, they weren't willing …
But going against Yao's will meant seeing their wives, families, and tribes fall into the Eternal Night Punishment. They weren't willing either.
In this conflict, they could only choose this method. Dying under Xun's spear … Only by committing suicide could they not be considered going against Yao's will.
"Xun, get up." Luo Zheng suddenly said.
Xun didn't move …
"Get up!"
Xun still didn't move.
At this moment, with a thought, Luo Zheng began to control his sword spirit. Xun floated up from the ground.
She was his sword spirit body, and Luo Zheng had been able to control it. However, when Xun's soul took over the sword spirit body, the sword spirit body was often controlled by Xun herself, as if it was her own body.