Xun stared blankly at Luo Zheng, as if she was a wooden puppet.
There was nothing more sorrowful than a dead heart. Even her thoughts had become dull …
Seeing Xun like this, Luo Zheng's eyes flashed with a trace of pity. With a thought, he manipulated her Sword Spirit Body and pulled her into his arms.
Xun lowered her hands and still didn't move.
They didn't die by your hands …
Yao was very happy to see this scene. Either the four of them die, or you die …
I'll definitely help you kill Yao, definitely!
Luo Zheng didn't say these words out loud. These thoughts were constantly circulating in his mind!
"Thank you," Xun suddenly said at this moment.
"What?" Luo Zheng was stunned.
Xun's blank eyes regained a trace of color. She and Luo Zheng were connected. Under Luo Zheng's thoughts, she could feel the determination in Luo Zheng's heart!
"I won't compromise. That bitch, I'll kill her!" Xun said softly.
She was heartbroken because of the death of the four people, but Xun was a remnant soul who had reached this step. Her obsession wouldn't be broken so easily!
Seeing that Xun regained a trace of color, Luo Zheng's mouth curved up slightly. But he continued to ask, "Bitch? Who's that bitch? "
"Yao! I want to kill that bitch with my own hands! "Xun's voice became louder, and a trace of killing intent appeared in her eyes!
Luo Zheng continued to encourage her, "Louder!"
"I'll kill you, Yao!" Xun almost screamed. Her voice was originally very pleasant, but this scream was very high-pitched and full of emotion, like the roar of a young girl.
At this moment, the color in her eyes became more and more intense, and the killing intent became more and more intense.
Luo Zheng suddenly pointed. Facing the sky full of stars and the entire universe, he continued to say, "They can't hear you. They can't hear you. Louder!"
Xun wanted to continue to raise her voice, but Luo Zheng stretched out his finger and pressed it between her lips. With a faint smile, a Roaring Token appeared in his hand. Luo Zheng secretly activated the Roaring Token. "Now they can hear me …"
Xun's body tensed up. Her chest contracted slightly, and she roared at the Roaring Token.
Then, a high-pitched and full scream resounded in the entire universe. It was a declaration that resounded through the universe.
"Yao! I'll kill you! "
A violent scream suddenly exploded in the ears of the trillions of living beings in the universe. Many living beings were shocked, and even some ferocious beasts that had yet to develop intelligence became restless, causing a few small-scale beast tides to occur …
Not long after, Yao Yao's voice sounded again. "Hehe, kill me? Xun, do you think you can sit back and relax just because those four men of sacrifice sacrificed themselves for you? Since I'm willing to send Exterminator here, you can't even predict this kind of thing! Do you think you can escape? "
Xun's eyes were calm. She was about to use the Roaring Token again when Luo Zheng snatched the Roaring Token from Xun's hand.
"Bitch, do you still remember me?" Luo Zheng said to the Roaring Token with a faint smile.
"You? Hmph, the little ant beside Xun. Of course I remember you, "Yao replied.
"In the Lower Realm, you wanted to kill me several times. Do you still want to kill me now?" Luo Zheng continued to ask.
"Hmph, you're just an insignificant ant. It was only because you met a wisp of Xun's remnant soul that you had the opportunity to ascend to the God Realm. Now, Xun will die, and so will you," Yao said indifferently.
In fact, Luo Zheng's speed of improvement did make Yao feel a trace of danger. She had never seen Luo Zheng before, but as Xun said, Luo Zheng had the destiny of a great era. If he obtained a qualification in the Illusory Battlefield and became the favorite of this era, it would be a real threat to her!
"What if I don't die?" Luo Zheng suddenly asked.
Before Yao could answer, Luo Zheng immediately activated the Roaring Token again. "Then you admit you're a bitch?"
"You!" In the beginning, Luo Zheng had called her a bitch. She was flustered and exasperated. However, as a ruler, she didn't care about what a junior called her. She didn't expect Luo Zheng to do it again!
However, Luo Zheng's Roaring Token was almost endless. Before Yao could say anything, Luo Zheng said, "I forgot. You don't need to admit this. You're a bitch, and you're the ruler of the Demon Night Clan. Together, you're the Bitch King!"
"Pfft!" Xun, who was standing at the side, suddenly laughed.
Mu Mingxue, who was in the Wheel of Samsara, couldn't help but cover her mouth and laugh. She already knew that Luo Zheng was using the Roaring Token. At the same time, she was also certain that the person who used the Roaring Token in the Lingwu Holy Land's mine was Luo Zheng!
That was the first time Luo Zheng had used the Roaring Token.
Mu Mingxue still remembered what Luo Zheng had asked her. At that time, he was looking for a woman called Luo Yan. She didn't know if he had found her or not …
Mu Mingxue and Xun weren't the only ones who were amused. Many warriors in the universe couldn't help but laugh when they heard this.
Yao Yao was the ruler of the Demon Night Clan, yet she was being mocked by Luo Zheng just like that. They didn't know where the Demon Night Clan's face went.
In fact, even the cultivators of the Daydream Clan couldn't help but laugh at the sight of this!
Yao Yao was the most respected ruler of the Demon Night Clan, and she was their totem of faith. However, there were also factions within the Demon Night Clan. The three rulers each had their own supporters. Moreover, there were a considerable number of people in the Demon Night Clan who didn't like the current King of Punishment. This was especially true for the group of old fellows led by the Elder Council.
After all, the rule of the three rulers was a rule that had been established since the Demon Night Clan was born. Now, the King of Life was in a state of silence. Yao Yao was going to kill Xun. If Yao Yao had her way, the Demon Night Clan would definitely be ruled by one ruler in the future. The old fellows in the Elder Council were already complaining in private, but they didn't dare say anything. However, these old fellows weren't easy to deal with. They were just waiting for an opportunity to retaliate.
Now that they heard a little human being humiliating Yao Yao, not only were they not angry, but they were also very happy. It was as if they had vented all the grievances they had accumulated over the years.
"Heh, this little guy is quite bold!"
"But Yao Yao has already locked onto Xun. This little guy will probably die sooner or later. I wonder where he got his courage from."
"Don't underestimate anyone. Those who are bold aren't necessarily reckless. Perhaps he really does have some backing …"
"Speaking of which, this little guy's voice is exactly the same as the voice of that mysterious youth who cursed Empyrean Spirit Fire and Empyrean Still Water over a year ago. Then, his Roar Command …"
If Mu Mingxue could think of this, how could these powerhouses not?
Over a year ago, a mysterious youth had jumped out. The Roar Command in his hand seemed to be free. Not only did he curse at Empyrean Spirit Fire, he even used it to count numbers … and then chatted with that mysterious young girl.
That mysterious young girl was one thing. After all these years, no one had been able to discover her origins. Then, over a year later, that mysterious young girl fell into a deep trance and that mysterious youth seemed to have disappeared.
Afterwards, Xun's voice suddenly resounded through the world. Then, not long after, the voice of that mysterious youth was heard once more.
No matter how stupid one was, they would be able to deduce that the mysterious youth was the one speaking now. Xun's Roar Command should also have come from this mysterious youth!
"Hey, human brat, where did you get so many Roar Commands in your hand?" Sure enough, at this time, an Empyrean used the Roar Command to ask Luo Zheng this question.
Luo Zheng wasn't afraid in the slightest. He had already provoked Yao, so he wasn't afraid of provoking another Empyrean. "Is it any of your business?"
The Empyrean was somewhat annoyed by Luo Zheng's words. "Brat, do you know who you're talking to?"
"Empyrean, right? So what?" Luo Zheng replied.
"Since you know, aren't you afraid of dying? I can find you through the Fiend Night Clan. "The Empyrean sneered.
Hearing this, Luo Zheng activated the Roar Command once more. This time, he laughed arrogantly. "Hahaha … since I can withstand the pursuit of the Fiend Night Clan's King of Punishment, one more Empyrean isn't much of a problem. Why should I be afraid?"
His words were truly arrogant to the extreme. Xun reached out and covered the Roar Command. She smiled and shook her head. "Alright, I'm fine …"