It was very dangerous to expose one's identity in the Upper Realms.
A roaring command that could be used infinitely was enough to cause many Empyreans to fight over it.
However, Luo Zheng had still spoken without hesitation. This meant that Luo Zheng was ready to throw caution to the wind.
Xun understood that Luo Zheng still had that immortal mansion to rely on. However, not only was Luo Zheng being targeted by Yao, but he was also being targeted by many Empyreans.
With Luo Zheng's current strength, he could contend against a Divine Transformation Realm expert, but what about a Divine Transformation Realm expert? A Realm Master? Not to mention an Empyrean!
In this way, Luo Zheng had completely sealed off his path of retreat. He was too impulsive.
However, Luo Zheng didn't seem to care in the slightest. It was as if as long as he could control his emotions, he could control everything.
At that moment, Luo Zheng looked at the corpses of the four Empyreans and asked, "How should we deal with them?"
Xun sighed softly, then said, "Preserve their corpses for now. If I can return to the Fiend Night Clan one day, I will bury them in the Fiend Night Clan's King Tomb."
Being buried in the Fiend Night Clan's King Tomb was the highest honor a deceased Fiend Night Clan cultivator could receive. Apart from the King Tomb, only cultivators who had made special contributions to the Fiend Night Clan were qualified to be buried there.
Although Xun couldn't bury them in the Fiend Night Clan's King Tomb now, that didn't mean she couldn't do it in the future.
The corpses of Realm Masters wouldn't rot even after ten thousand years, so storing them wasn't difficult. Luo Zheng followed Xun's instructions and carefully stored the corpses away.
Xun floated at the tail of the Wheel of Samsara, then stopped in front of a spear.
Before Annihilation committed suicide, he'd thrown his spear out. Now, it was stuck in a crack on the Wheel of Samsara's surface.
"This is the Northstar Spear. It was forged from the Northstar Heavenly Crystal. Back then, I gave it to Annihilation. He's still using it …" Xun said softly.
The Northstar Spear was only a grade one divine artifact. Although it was on the Myriad Spirit Stele's list, its ranking wasn't reliable. It was only around the seven thousandth place.
With Annihilation's ability, he could have gotten a supreme artifact, but he insisted on using this spear …
She reached out and pulled out the North Star Spear. Her slender fingers gently stroked the spear shaft. Not long after, a smile appeared on her face. She turned around and placed the spear into Luo Zheng's spatial ring.
The Wheel of Samsara was still flying into the deep space …
The 100,000 worlds in the universe all saw the same deep space, but from different angles, the arrangement of the stars was also slightly different.
After returning to the hall of the Wheel of Reincarnation, Xun said, "Let's head north …"
"North?" Luo Zheng asked curiously.
Xun nodded slightly. "Yes!"
Before he left, Mie had left behind a message. He had mentioned the Southern Sky Ferry.
It had been a very long time since Xun and the four of them had trained at the Southern Sky Ferry.
At that time, Mie's cultivation level was not high enough. However, he said that when his cultivation level increased, he would abandon all disputes and travel the entire universe.
"Where do you want to go the most?" Xun asked at that time.
Mie thought for a moment, then pointed to the sky. He pointed to the most dazzling star in the Southern Sky Ferry. "The Northern Twilight Star."
Mie had said more than once that when Ao Xiang left the universe, the first place he would go to was the Northern Twilight Star.
The Southern Sky Ferry was located in the depths of the Demon Night Clan's hundreds of worlds. When Mie mentioned the Southern Sky Ferry, he naturally didn't want Xun to go there. His only target was the Northern Twilight Star.
Under Yao's surveillance, Mie had given her a hint.
Therefore, without any hesitation, Xun turned the Wheel of Samsara around and headed straight for the Northern Twilight Star.
Although Mie had died and they had survived Yao's first wave of attack, Luo Zheng and Xun did not feel relaxed at all.
With Yao's personality, she would never let them go so easily. There would definitely be more powerful pursuers coming after them!
In the face of the next wave of attacks that could come at any time, Luo Zheng had to make all the necessary preparations in advance.
He controlled the Wheel of Samsara and let Mu Mingxue enter the Abyss of Samsara again. She entered the third and fourth caves and took all the treasures left behind by the Celestial Master.
In the third cave, there were defensive treasures left behind. In the fourth cave, there were all kinds of rare materials used for refining weapons. A considerable portion of these materials came from the previous Evolution Era. Many of them had disappeared during this Evolution Era, but in the eyes of Refined Shenzi, they were extremely important.
After finishing all the preparations, the Gen Token appeared in Luo Zheng's hand.
In a sense, the Gen Token wasn't a teleportation item. It didn't simply teleport Luo Zheng away. In a sense, it was the Immortal Mansion itself, or it could be said that it was a projection of the Gen Token.
"Hiss —"
As Luo Zheng poured a trace of his True Yuan into the Gen Token, the Gen Token emitted a faint glow. The entire token was like a piece of melted wax as it began to twist and transform! In the end, it transformed into a mini Immortal Mansion the size of a palm!
Xun had seen Luo Zheng use the Gen Token before, so she didn't find it strange. However, Mu Mingxue and Refined Shenzi were very curious at this moment.
Especially Refined Shenzi. As the most powerful weapon refiner in the universe in the previous Evolution Era, he definitely wasn't just good at making weapons. Luo Zheng's token that could change shape shocked him.
"What … is this thing?!"
Refined Shenzi couldn't tell what the token was made of. In addition to the very special Law of Space, it seemed to contain many kinds of Karma Laws that he had never heard of before!
Although the Karma Law contained in each wheel of the Heavenly Dao was different, they were generally similar. Even if it was a Supreme Divine Artifact under the Heavens, he would definitely be able to see through it!
However, this tiny mini Immortal Abode was clearly beyond his knowledge.
Luo Zheng gently tossed the Immortal Mansion to the ground, and it began to expand rapidly.
In the end, it grew from the palm-sized Immortal Mansion to eighty feet long and eighty feet wide. Compared to Luo Zheng's size, the Immortal Mansion was still very small. For example, the walls of the Immortal Mansion only reached Luo Zheng's chest. It was like a miniature version of a man-made scenic spot.
However, it was enough for Luo Zheng and the others to enter.
"Let's go in," Luo Zheng said, then stepped through the "small door" of the Immortal Mansion. In an instant, he disappeared from the entrance of the Immortal Mansion.
At the same time, Refined Shenzi, Mu Mingxue, and Xun also entered.
The moment they entered, the surrounding scenery changed dramatically. The originally small Immortal Mansion became incomparably tall, and the towering walls were at least a hundred feet high.
Mu Mingxue looked around curiously. This Immortal Mansion was indeed very new to her. She really couldn't figure out where Luo Zheng came from. How could a Divine Sea Realm warrior own such an Immortal Mansion?
"This … this Immortal Mansion …" Refined Shenzi was dumbfounded.
Mu Mingxue was just curious. She knew this Immortal Mansion was no small matter, but with Mu Mingxue's eyesight, she couldn't see anything special about it.
But Refined Shenzi was different …
When his eyes focused on the walls of the Immortal Mansion, the two lights on the puppet's head began to flicker.
"Oh my God!"
"Clang, clang, clang …"
Refined Shenzi took a step forward. It was hard to imagine that this old puppet's body could be so fast!
Immediately after, he pounced on the wall, stretched out his claws, and lightly drew a line on the green bricks on the wall.
The blue brick wasn't very sturdy. After being scratched by his metallic claws, a shallow dent was left. But after a moment, the dent actually wriggled and returned to normal.
"This, this is … the blue brick made from Radiant Sand!" Refined Shenzi's voice was extremely excited. He took two steps back and looked at the wall. Then, he said even more excitedly, "It's all … this wall, it's all made from Radiant Sand!"
Mu Mingxue asked curiously, "What is Radiant Sand?" In her eyes, this was just an ordinary blue brick.
"This is the highest quality material! This is impossible! Even if you empty the entire universe, you won't be able to gather this material. Ah … I'm going crazy! "Refined Shenzi seemed to be unable to control his emotions.
(I recommend a book to my friends, The Peerless Blood God ^ _ ^. You can search for it in the Book City.)
＝＝＝＝＝