Lianshenzi pounced on the brick like a madman, as if he'd seen his most beloved lover.
However, he didn't lie down for long before his gaze once again fell on the spacious plaza in the immortal abode …
"Clang, clang …"
He laid on the ground again and began to carefully examine the ten feet long and wide floor.
"No way …."
After pondering for a while, he let out a high-pitched scream.
Then, he carefully tapped the floor with his claws and shouted in disbelief, "This is the Emperor's Soul Rock, the real deal! I've only seen it once in my life, and it was only the size of a palm! "
Lianshenzi's life was extremely long, even longer than some Heavenly Sovereigns! As he said, the Emperor's Soul Rock was indeed an extremely rare existence.
However, the floor of the huge square in the immortal mansion was cut into pieces by the Emperor's Soul Rock. This sounded very exaggerated.
Looking at Lianshenzi's crazed appearance, Luo Zheng revealed a smile. This time, he brought a knowledgeable fellow with him.
Luo Zheng naturally knew that this immortal mansion was extraordinary, but with his eyesight, he didn't pay attention to the floor and walls. What's more, he didn't expect that the materials used to build this immortal mansion would be so rare, which really surprised Luo Zheng.
At this time, Afo appeared and greeted Luo Zheng with a smile, "Master, you're back."
Luo Zheng had three tokens and was the disciple of the first master of this immortal mansion, so he could be considered half the owner of this immortal mansion.
But before Luo Zheng could say anything, Lianshenzi charged at Afo again.
"Puppet!" Lianshenzi looked at Afo from head to toe, and even tapped Afo's leg and patted Afo's chest, "It really is a puppet! Heavens! There's actually someone in this world who can create such a perfect puppet …. "
Shenzi Shenzi was very proud of his craft!
Even though the puppet he'd created for himself was ugly, it contained extremely perfect Laws of Life. It was exactly because of this that his soul had been able to live until now without withering!
In Refined God Zi's opinion, apart from him, no one else in the universe could do this!
However, when he saw Afo's puppet body, he finally understood what it meant to say that there was always someone better than you out there. His own puppet body was nothing in front of Afo.
Afo looked at Refined God Zi and said, "Don't touch me."
At this moment, Refined God Zi was already in a trance, how could he stop? Even though his hands had stopped moving, he was still circling around Refined God Zi.
Afo could only look at Luo Zheng for help. He didn't know where Luo Zheng found such a weirdo.
Luo Zheng could only shrug his shoulders helplessly and say, "This guy is a Weapon Refiner. According to him, he was a Weapon Refiner from the previous round of the Heavenly Dao."
"Survived a round of the Heavenly Dao?" A strange look appeared on Afo's face. He looked at Refined God Zi and said, "Not bad, to be able to use limited resources to create a puppet body like this. Although it's a little ugly, it's already made the best use of these trashy materials."
Afo's puppet body wasn't something that Refined God Zi could compare to. Refined God Zi couldn't see anything special about the materials used because he'd never seen them before.
However, Afo had lived for so many years and had followed his master for so many years, so his eyes weren't too bad. The materials in the universe weren't good enough for Afo, but Refined God Zi was able to use those trashy materials to create such an ugly puppet body. This meant that Refined God Zi was very talented in the Dao of Weapon Refinement.
"Trash! You said my materials are trash …. "
Refined God Zi couldn't take it lying down. It took Jade Qilin a lot of effort to get these materials, and now they're trash in Afo's eyes?
But on second thought, Refined God Zi was discouraged ….
Light Sand was used to make bricks, Emperor's Soul Rock was used to pave the floor. If Refined God Zi was the master of this residence, he'd also think his materials were trash ….
Afo didn't ask why Luo Zheng had returned to the residence. He was just a servant left behind by his master to serve Luo Zheng. He'd only do his best to help Luo Zheng with whatever authority he could gain in the residence.
Luo Zheng's purpose in returning to the residence was to settle Mu Mingxue and Refined God Zi down.
Along the way, Mu Mingxue's curiosity grew stronger and stronger. This Immortal Mansion was an existence she couldn't comprehend, but she also understood why Luo Zheng was so fearless before. It would be very difficult for outsiders to break into this Immortal Mansion, right?
Shenzi was walking at the back. He was a bit numb at this point. Every material in this place was a supreme treasure in his eyes. He wanted nothing more than to take all of them, be it the pavilions, the railings, or the floor tiles.
But after seeing too much, he'd eventually become numb. But when he passed by the pavilion in the middle of the pond, his eyes were fixed in one direction!
There were several passages in the pavilion, each one leading to a different hall. There was a library, an alchemy room, and a crafting workshop ….
"A crafting workshop!"
Refined God Zi remembered what Luo Zheng said before. At that time, Luo Zheng said there was a crafting workshop that was enough for him!
Looking at the crafting workshop now, Refined God Zi didn't have a heart. But if he did, his heart would've been beating wildly by now.
This immortal abode was extraordinary in every way, so this crafting workshop was definitely no small matter.
"Clang, clang …."
Thinking of this, Refined God Zi's footsteps quickened, heading straight for the crafting workshop.
However, Refined God Zi was only halfway to the workshop when he heard a loud "Bang!" With a loud bang, he slammed into a transparent barrier. Then, he fell to the ground, unable to move.
Seeing this, Afo was speechless. "He … Seems like he's out of True Yuan Stones?" Afo saw at a glance that the energy used to power this puppet was extremely inferior. It was actually powered by True Yuan. Maintaining this puppet would consume a lot of True Yuan.
Luo Zheng couldn't help but smile bitterly. When he came to Refined Shenzi's side, he heard Refined Shenzi moaning. Luo Zheng took out a True Yuan Jade and helped Refined Shenzi up. Then, he poured the True Yuan Jade into the groove on his back.
Soon, Refined God Zi was able to move again. The first thing he asked was, "This, this crafting workshop … Why can't I enter?"
Luo Zheng shrugged, shook his head, and said, "Simple, I don't have the authority to enter this workshop."
"Ah …."
Lian Shenzi let out a miserable shriek as he lay on the invisible barrier. He stared at the crafting workshop as if he wanted to see through the door. "How do I get the authority?"
"It depends on luck," Luo Zheng said calmly.
Luo Zheng would definitely continue on the True Path. After all, Luo Zheng only had three tokens. However, Luo Zheng wasn't sure if he could get the token to open the crafting workshop. Why would he promise Refined God Zi anything?
Lian Shenzi was naturally very disappointed to see that he had no chance of entering the tool refinement workshop, and he turned to follow Luo Zheng out of the workshop. "Luck? You want me to rely on luck? What kind of luck do I need to open the crafting workshop? "
Afo, who was leading the way, said calmly, "With your crafting skills, even if you can open the crafting workshop, you still don't have the authority to use it!"
"How is that possible?!"
How could Refined God Zi be convinced by Afo's doubts?
Others could question everything about him, including his life, anything about him, but he absolutely would not allow others to question his refining skills. He was willing to become this inhuman and ghostly puppet just so that he could live in this world and study his refining skills. How could he allow others to question him?!