Disgruntled, Refined Shenzi followed Luo Zheng into the library.
Luo Zheng planned to settle Mu Mingxue and the others down here. Mu Mingxue's cultivation method inheritance came from the Great Thousand Realms she came from. Luo Zheng wouldn't comment on the quality of the cultivation method, but he would advise Mu Mingxue to choose a suitable cultivation method for herself.
The process was similar to the last time. It was worth mentioning that Refined Shenzi couldn't move a single step after entering the library. He wasn't interested in the various cultivation methods at all, and he couldn't cultivate them in his current puppet form. However, he was obsessed with the books on the art of refining weapons. After entering the library, he refused to leave.
After settling them down, Luo Zheng left the divine residence once more. With a light tap of his finger, the divine residence rapidly shrank back into the palm-sized Gen Token.
Luo Zheng activated the Gen Token and returned to the divine residence extremely quickly. If Yao Yao's pursuers suddenly attacked, he would be able to force his way into the divine residence. After all, if they wanted to capture him, they would have to destroy the Plate of Reincarnation. Although the Plate of Reincarnation was in tatters, it wasn't something that could be destroyed in an instant.
After making all the necessary preparations, Luo Zheng controlled the Plate of Reincarnation once more and continued to fly through the starry sky.
…
…
The core great realm of the Yao Night clan, Xing Ming Realm …
The structure of this great realm was very unique. It was a huge realm, and it was actually formed by a huge mountain. The mountain was called Xing Ming Mountain.
It was a mountain large enough to fill the entire great realm. The foot of the mountain rose and fell from the edge of the realm all the way to the center of the great realm, which was the peak of Xing Ming Mountain.
Because the mountain was the size of an entire great realm, even though it was several million feet tall, one could only see it from the depths of the universe. Only then would one be able to tell that it was a mountain. However, the members of the Yao Night clan who lived there couldn't sense the existence of this' mountain '.
Several Fiend Night Clan cultivators had gathered in front of the gates of the Punishment Seizing Palace in the Hall of Punishment!
There were both men and women among these Demon Night Clan cultivators, but the average lifespan was over a million years. There were even some that had reached over ten million years. There were even a few that had entered the Five Signs of Decay. Their life force had been exhausted and there was no longer any possibility of prolonging their lifespan. They could only watch as they slid step by step into the abyss of death. Even though they were World Overlords, they still couldn't escape the restriction of their lifespan and couldn't touch the threshold of eternal life …
"Let Yao out!"
"We have to communicate with the Elders Guild about this!"
"We can't let her do as she pleases!"
Those old men from the Demon Night Clan were members of the Demon Night Clan's Council of Elders.
Apart from the Three Kings, many of the Yao Night clan's internal affairs were decided by the Council of Elders. After all, Yao was only in charge of punishment, Xun was only in charge of slaughter, and the King of Life was only in charge of the continuation of the clan. Apart from that, there were countless other matters in such a large and powerful clan. The Council of Elders was very important.
The battle between the two Kings had begun 700 years ago.
After Yao made her move, the Council of Elders remained silent. Killing a King wasn't a crime in the Demon Night Clan because it was an unimaginable crime. No amount of punishment could make up for it.
However, what if the person who killed the King was another King?
When the Council of Elders believed that Xun would eventually die, they chose to remain silent. After all, Xun had already died and they didn't want to oppose Yao too much. Thus, the Council of Elders waited for the birth of a new King …
They waited for 700 years. Who would've thought that after 700 years, not only did Xun not die, she actually returned to the universe!
After Xun's soul recovered to a large extent, some of the old fellows in the Elders' Assembly became active. Since Xun had the strength to return, then let her return. However, these old fellows had lived for so many years and had experienced too many things. At that time, they could only wait and see what would happen.
Then, not long after that, Yao brazenly sent out Exterminator to hunt down Xun. This matter once again caused a great commotion in the universe …
The old fellows from the Council of Elders couldn't sit still any longer. Yao's actions over the past few years had caused quite a few people to be dissatisfied with her. If this continued, then even a powerful clan like the Nightfiend Clan would collapse from within!
All of the silence erupted on this day. More than twenty old men from the Council of Elders had gathered in front of the Punishment Palace in the Palace of Punishment Name Mountain.
However, the palace's doors remained closed from the beginning to the end …
After waiting for 12 to 14 hours, the old fellows finally couldn't take it anymore and began to berate at the door.
"King is still resting. Elders, please return." The silver-haired Yue Ye stood guard at the door with a faint smile on her face.
"Do you think we old fellows are three-year-old children? I've lived longer than you for a hundred lifetimes! Tell Yao to come out! "
"The Council of Elders isn't just for show. Xun isn't a traitor of the Demon Night Clan. How can you treat her like this?"
"If Yao doesn't give us an explanation, we'll impeach her!"
Hearing the old fellows' words, Yue Ye revealed a cold smile. "Impeach? Hehe … "
In theory, the Council of Elders had the right to impeach the king and appoint a new king. However, this was only in theory. Ever since the Council of Elders had been established, the Demon Night Clan had never exercised this right.
After all, the king's influence on the Demon Night Clan was too deep. The upper echelons of the clan might be able to see the conflict, but the lower echelons of the clan only recognized the king. This was because the king was their spiritual symbol. As for the Council of Elders, it couldn't be compared to the three kings …
Hence, the Council of Elders' threats were practically useless.
Yue Ye coldly stared at the noisy Council of Elders. She did her best to suppress the killing intent in her heart. She was afraid that she wouldn't be able to control herself and would really kill these old fellows.
Although these old fellows from the Council of Elders were all World Lords, and quite a few of them were even Great World Lords in the past. They were once the backbone of the Demon Night Clan, but they had lived for far too long …
Time was like an invisible snake that had drilled into their bodies and eroded their strength.
However, these old fellows represented the 72 great clans of the Demon Night Clan. There were simply too many things involved. Even if she really killed them, it wouldn't be much of an issue. However, it would still cause a lot of unnecessary trouble.
For Yao, he was willing to sacrifice himself and hastily deal with this matter. Presumably, these old fellows wouldn't dare to forcefully charge into the Punishment Palace …
At this moment, a figure silently appeared at the center of the Hall of Punishment. This person wore a plain robe while a jade belt with python patterns on it was tied around his waist. He had a pair of eyes that were like ancient pools, and his figure was tall and slender.
When he saw Yao, he didn't bow and only said indifferently, "My king."
On the throne above the palace, Yao revealed a warm smile. "Broken Shadow, why have you come looking for me?"
This Broken Shadow was another member of the Demon Night Clan.
There weren't many Empyrean Exalts in the Demon Night Clan. In the hundreds of great worlds and countless Holy Lands, there were only four Empyrean Exalts. Tens of thousands of years ago, there were three! Empyrean Exalted Divine Arrow's Crown of Destiny was personally obtained by Xun with the help of Dream God Arrow!
However, this didn't mean that the Demon Night Clan wasn't powerful. It was just that each cycle of the Heavenly Dao only allowed 128 living beings to inherit the Heavenly Dao. No matter how talented the later generations were, they couldn't break through the World Lord boundary!
Thus, in theory, the World Lord realm was the peak of cultivation. No matter how talented one was, without the Crown of Destiny, it was impossible to break through to the World Lord realm!
Empyrean Exalted Broken Shadow was one of Yao's supporters …
Yao was even a bit worried. Did Empyrean Broken Shadow come here with the same goal as those old fellows from the Council of Elders? Did he want to dissuade her?
If that was the case, then things would be troublesome. She had to consider Empyrean Broken Shadow's suggestion …
However, Empyrean Broken Shadow's next words allowed Yao to let out a sigh of relief.
Empyrean Broken Shadow said, "The Heavenly Dao is shaking …"
"The Heavenly Dao is shaking?" Yao's elegant face emitted a trace of ruthlessness from time to time. Although she was also an extremely beautiful person with her brows furrowed, she gave people a kind of fiendish feeling.