A single cycle of the Heavenly Dao could maintain an entire cycle.
In the vast majority of cases, the Heavenly Dao was extremely stable. If the Heavenly Dao was shaken, then something major was bound to happen.
Most of the time, a Heavenly Venerate would die and the Crown of Destiny would appear once more …
There were only 128 Heavenly Venerates in the universe, and Heavenly Venerates had extremely long lifespans. It was extremely rare for one to die, and it was also a great opportunity for the various clans.
Even a large clan like the Fiend Night Clan only had four Heavenly Venerates. Adding another Heavenly Venerate was extremely significant.
Moreover, not all four Heavenly Venerates supported Yao.
Although Heavenly Venerate Broken Shadow was a strong supporter of Yao, Heavenly Venerate Divine Arrow of the Fiend Night Clan was still in hiding. He was also an unwavering supporter of Xun. As for the other two Heavenly Venerates, one of them stood behind the King of Life, while the last Heavenly Venerate remained neutral. He would even occasionally listen to the Elder Council's orders!
If Yao could obtain another Crown of Destiny, the Fiend Night Clan would have another Heavenly Venerate. This Heavenly Venerate would unwaveringly stand behind her, further solidifying Yao's position.
"The Heavenly Dao was shaken … did a Heavenly Venerate die?" Yao's eyes glowed with a deep blue light.
Heavenly Venerate Broken Shadow shook his head. "My King, no Heavenly Venerate died."
"No Heavenly Venerate died?" Yao raised her eyebrows. Hearing this answer, Yao was a little surprised. "Why is the Heavenly Dao shaking?"
Heavenly Venerate Broken Shadow had a trace of confusion on his face. "Although no Heavenly Venerate died, I sensed an additional Will of Destiny appear in the Heavenly Dao!"
Yao Yao was stunned. "An extra Heaven's Will? How could such a thing happen? "
A cycle of the Heavenly Dao only had 128 Wills of Destiny. This was common knowledge in the universe, and it was also an unbreakable law. Yao was also confused by Heavenly Venerate Broken Shadow's words.
"I don't know why." Heavenly Venerate Broken Shadow shook his head. He didn't know what would happen if an additional Will of Destiny was forcefully shouldered by someone else, but no matter what, the Crown of Destiny was something he had to obtain no matter what. "I've already divined the location of the Crown of Destiny."
"Where is it?" Yao asked.
"In the Asura World," Celestial Master Broken Shadow replied. "But since the day before yesterday, the position of the Crown of Heaven's Will has been constantly changing. It seems to have flown into the deep space and is heading towards the Northern Heaven Region …"
................... haha..... haha......
"My king?" The Broken Shadow Celestial stared at Yao Yao in confusion. He didn't know why she was smiling.
"Xun, previously in the Asura Yin World, under the pursuit of my people, she fled into the deep space and went to the Northern Sky Region!" Yao said with a smile.
.....
Heavenly Venerate Broken Shadow had never divined the location of Luo Zheng or Xun. Although Heavenly Venerates carried the Will of Destiny, their divinations weren't limitless. If they wanted to calculate the location of a living being out of thin air, they could only do so within the boundaries of a single major world. They couldn't calculate any further than that. After all, the universe was just far too vast.
However, it wasn't difficult to calculate the location of the Crown of Destiny. In reality, after every Heavenly Venerate died, the Crown of Destiny would randomly appear somewhere in the universe. The Heavenly Venerate had to calculate the location of the Crown of Destiny before sending people to steal it.
"The heavens are simply helping my Yao Ye clan! Since that's the case, I'm afraid our Yao Ye clan can't be slow. "A strange light flashed through Yao's eyes. She abruptly stood up from her throne and strode towards the entrance of the palace. Heavenly Venerate Broken Shadow followed closely behind her.
Everyone wanted to obtain the Crown of Destiny. If Heavenly Venerate Broken Shadow could calculate it, so could other Heavenly Venerates.
Every time the Crown of Destiny appeared, it would cause countless races to fight over it.
Some races were lucky and the Crown of Destiny would directly appear in their sacred grounds. Once a Realm Lord picked it up, they would be conferred the title of Heavenly Venerate. However, for some weaker races, it wasn't a good thing.
This was because Heavenly Venerates who had just inherited the Crown of Destiny were extremely weak. Moreover, there were differences in strength between Heavenly Venerates. Even if a Heavenly Venerate appeared in a small race of a major world, he would often be killed by a Heavenly Venerate from another race. Then, the Crown of Destiny would disappear again and appear in another place.
There was once a period of time when the Heaven's Mandate Crown appeared in an extremely unlucky location. It appeared seven times in a row in the Holy Lands of some small races. Then, during that period of time, seven Empyreans were killed … the truth was that these seven Empyreans all carried the same Heaven's Mandate Crown. To many World Lords, this Heaven's Mandate Crown was a fatal temptation, a smiling god of death.
In the end, the Crown of Destiny was still in the hands of a small race. The Realm Lord of that race also understood that even if he inherited the Crown of Destiny, he would still die without the protection of other Heavenly Venerates. After careful consideration, he offered up the Crown of Destiny and let the large races in the universe fight amongst themselves.
As soon as Heavenly Venerate Broken Shadow finished his calculation, he appeared in front of Yao. Naturally, he wanted to inform Yao of this matter and quickly send her to participate in the fight for the Crown of Destiny.
Coincidentally, the Crown of Destiny was with Xun. More importantly, Yao had already sent people to kill Xun. It was clear that their Yao Ye clan had seized the initiative!
Creak …
When Yao walked toward the main entrance of the Punishment Palace, the door automatically opened.
The group of old fellows from the Elder Assembly had been waiting for a long time. Their gazes were all fixed on Yao.
Seeing Yao walk out of the Punishment Palace, Yue Ye revealed a surprised expression. "King …"
"Yao! Are you going to listen to our Elder Assembly's suggestion or not? "
"Two kings killing each other is against the rules of our ancestors. No matter how great your enmity is, you can't …"
"With such a precedent, our Yao Ye clan's three kings will have to protect themselves in the future. It will be difficult for us to prosper!"
The old fellows from the Elder Assembly didn't respect Yao too much. Although there were three kings at the same time, these old fellows' lifespans were in the millions or even tens of millions of years. Moreover, their suggestion to Yao was one of the Elder Assembly's rights.
Yao waved her hand at Yue Ye. Her gaze swept over the group of old fellows from the Elder Assembly, and she said indifferently, "I don't have time to listen to your nonsense."
"Nonsense, you …"
"Our Elder Assembly's suggestion is nonsense. Then why do we still need the Elder Assembly?"
Yao coldly smiled. A faint blue radiance blossomed from her body. Her almost perfect face was filled with unconcealable hostility. "Indeed, the Elder Assembly isn't of much use anymore. If you don't mind, I can directly abolish the Elder Assembly."
"Abolish!"
"You dare …"
Yao's words were like vegetables thrown into a pot of oil. Immediately, the group of old fellows flared up.
The head of the Elder Assembly, an old man from the Yao Ye clan who had lived for more than eight million years, jumped forward. He pointed at Yao's nose and cursed, "We shouldn't have supported you in the past. How could our Yao Ye clan …"
Yue Ye frowned slightly and stood in front of Yao. Even if this old man was the head of the Elder Assembly, offending a king like this was an extremely disgraceful thing. However, this group of old fellows was indeed a bit troublesome.
Yao's face was cold. She said indifferently, "Broken Shadow."
Behind her, the Broken Shadow Empyrean quietly walked out. His gaze met with the head of the Elder Assembly.
The head of the Elder Assembly seemed to have thought of something. His eyes suddenly widened, and he angrily shouted, "Broken Shadow! You dare! You … "
Before the Broken Shadow Empyrean became an Empyrean, he was once a member of the Elder Assembly. Back then, when the Yao Ye clan obtained the Heavenly Fate Crown, they chose someone from the Elder Assembly to inherit the Heavenly Fate. Back then, it was the head of the Elder Assembly who strongly recommended Broken Shadow to inherit the Heavenly Fate!
However, he never thought that a million years later, he would actually die at the hands of Broken Shadow!
Plop.
There was no display of might, nor was there any exchange of blows. He didn't even feel the flow of true essence.
The head of the Elder Assembly, a cultivator of the Yao Ye clan with the cultivation of a Great World Lord, fell to the ground with a loud rumble. His life was taken by a single gaze from an Empyrean.
＝＝＝＝＝