Everyone from the Council of Elders was stunned when they saw their president fall to the ground.
They never thought that Yao would really dare to kill him, and target their president …
"If you say any more nonsense, I don't mind killing all of you."
After saying that, Yao left with Yue Ye and Sky Sovereign Broken Shadow. She didn't have time to deal with these old fellows from the Council of Elders.
She had originally planned to relax a little in this game of cat and mouse with Xun, but after it involved the Crown of Destiny, she knew that this game should be over.
"Yue Ye, let Youmeng and Eye Scissors take action immediately. At the same time, tell them about the Crown of Destiny. If they find it, bring it back immediately," Yao ordered.
"The Crown of Destiny?" Yue Ye was stunned, but her gaze was fixed on Sky Sovereign Broken Shadow.
Sky Sovereign Broken Shadow nodded, "A Crown of Destiny has appeared. It's most likely by Xun's side."
"I understand." Yue Ye was a smart person. She didn't need to say it twice …
… …
… …
On a star in the universe.
A violent storm was constantly blowing on this star. The storm was like a scar on the star. It was millions of kilometers long and slowly moved on the surface of the star.
This storm was a mixture of fire and lightning. It had already lasted for almost a million years!
Under such a harsh environment, no creature could survive in this storm.
However, at this moment, there was a person sitting in the center of the storm. He raised his hand and was calculating with his fingers!
"Not here!"
After saying that, he raised his hand again and continued to calculate with his fingers!
"Still not here!"
He calculated again.
Suddenly, that person opened his eyes. The light in his eyes was as resplendent as the stars, "I've calculated it! Haha, I've worn out iron shoes to no avail. You're actually coming towards this old man! The Crown of Destiny … should be obtained by this old man! "
After he finished speaking, his figure disappeared into the huge storm. At the same time, the storm actually began to gradually stop!
… …
In the universe, many Empyreans were constantly calculating the whereabouts of the Crown of Destiny.
Every Empyrean had a different method of calculation, but they were all able to calculate the position of the Crown of Destiny. In other words, they had firmly locked onto Luo Zheng's position and were beginning to take action.
This was something that even Luo Zheng had not expected!
He was very confident in his own Immortal Abode, but that was only for Yao. If the Heavenly Venerate came in person, it would be hard to say.
However, Luo Zheng didn't know that many Celestial Venerables had already locked onto his position. He continued to control the broken Wheel of Samsara, traveling through the deep space towards the north.
The universe was filled with stars. When one looked up at the starry sky from a great world, one would think that the stars were not far away. However, when one personally traveled through the deep space, one would understand the distance.
The speed of the Wheel of Samsara was extremely fast. Even if Luo Zheng erupted with his full speed, he would not be able to catch up to even one percent of the Wheel of Samsara's speed. However, after flying for an entire month, he had only moved a small distance in the deep space. He was still very far away from the North Horizon Region.
The crux of the matter was that there were no spatial channels in the deep space. The distance between one star and another was unimaginably great. Only martial artists who cultivated the Great Void Shift could break free from this distance and move on their own. As for cultivating the Great Void Shift, one's cultivation had to be at least at the World Lord realm.
Luo Zheng maintained the direction of the Wheel of Samsara and sat down cross-legged to cultivate …
During this time, a small whirlpool began to appear in the center of the Primal Chaos Sea within Luo Zheng's inner world.
Previously, when he had placed the World Tree Seed into his dantian, it had been slowly absorbing his Primal Chaos Qi. This absorption had never stopped.
Luo Zheng had already established a connection with the World Tree Seed. He sensed that after the World Tree Seed absorbed the Primal Chaos Qi, it seemed to transform the Primal Chaos Qi into another type of special energy.
It was not true essence, nor was it pure power of laws. As for what it was, Luo Zheng himself could not say for sure.
Luo Zheng had asked Qinglong and Xun about this before, but the two of them had expressed that they did not understand either.
After all, the Primal Chaos Qi involved things that they did not understand. In the beginning, Qinglong had even doubted whether the World Tree Seed could withstand the Primal Chaos Qi and take root in Luo Zheng's body. However, reality proved that Qinglong's worries were somewhat unnecessary. It was just that some strange reactions had occurred, and Luo Zheng still needed to figure it out on his own.
One day, a month and a half later.
Rumble!
The enormous Wheel of Samsara suddenly shook violently.
At that moment, Luo Zheng suddenly opened his eyes. "They're here!"
After standing up, Luo Zheng's gaze swept across the Wheel of Samsara, and he saw a male and female Yao Ye clan fighter standing in front of the Wheel of Samsara.
"These two people's strength should not be far from Sha Mie's …"
Luo Zheng frowned slightly. His strength was still too weak. There was no way he could fight back against such a person.
Or was it because Xun was exposed too quickly? Luo Zheng wasn't able to grow and was chased by such strong enemies. No matter how high Luo Zheng's talent was, he wouldn't be able to contend against these sector lords in a short period of time.
Whoosh … Chapter 1156: Riddled with Holes
Even though the Wheel of Samsara was heavily injured, Luo Zheng did not stop at all. Instead, he urged the Wheel of Samsara to fly through the deep space!
"King said not to hold back. First, destroy the Wheel of Samsara, kill that young man, and take away the Crown of Destiny!" said the Yao Ye clan woman indifferently.
The Yao Ye clan man in long robes smiled faintly. "It's just an easy task. Why don't you just watch?"
After he finished speaking, a light purple crystal sword appeared in his hand. He gently shook the crystal sword, and the crystal sword began to vibrate rapidly!
Weng weng weng …
The crystal sword split into two in an instant, and then from two to four, and then from four to eight …
In just the time it took for an incense stick to burn, countless crystal swords had appeared above the Wheel of Samsara!
"Spirit Crystal Rain!"
As the Yao Ye clan man's voice drifted away, the crystal swords simultaneously fell towards the Wheel of Samsara!
"Pu!"
It was unknown what the crystal swords were made of, but even the extremely tough outer shell was unable to block the penetrating power of the crystal swords!
The first crystal sword instantly pierced the Wheel of Samsara, leaving behind a bowl-sized hole on its surface. Then the second, the third, the fourth …
Pu pu pu pu …
The crystal swords were like an unstoppable storm. It did not take long for the entire Wheel of Samsara to be riddled with holes!
Moreover, after the crystal swords pierced through the Wheel of Samsara, they continued to pierce through it. In the end, the crystal swords actually came out from the bottom of the Wheel of Samsara. In other words, every single crystal sword pierced through the Wheel of Samsara.
After piercing through the Plate of Samsara, the crystal swords once again changed direction and shot back upwards …
"Pu!"
The enormous number of crystal swords covered the entire Wheel of Samsara.
Luo Zheng was sitting at the bottom of the Wheel of Samsara, and he was not spared either. One of the crystal swords pierced through the palace and stabbed towards Luo Zheng.
He sat on the ground, circled around, and dodged the crystal sword. After watching the crystal sword disappear into the ground, Luo Zheng returned to his original position and continued to control the Wheel of Samsara. From beginning to end, his expression did not change at all.
The Wheel of Samsara was indeed a top-notch spatial treasure, but with Luo Zheng's current strength, he was unable to preserve it. He could only squeeze out the last bit of use out of the Wheel of Samsara. Run as far as he could!
Pu pu pu …
Just as Luo Zheng was controlling the Wheel of Samsara, another dozen or so crystal swords fell. Luo Zheng's figure flickered once more, but he still focused on controlling the Wheel of Samsara.
As the crystal swords flew back and forth, the Wheel of Samsara was filled with countless holes.