The two Fiend Night Clan warriors were a man and a woman. The man was called Serene Dream, and the woman was called Scissors.
They were Yao Yao's most capable subordinates, and their strength was on par with Slaughter, Extermination, and the other three …
However, after following Yao Yao for so many years, they had naturally gained more benefits than the four of them.
The weapons in their hands were divine artifacts.
The crystal sword in the man's hand was called the "Myriad Life Crystal Sword". As long as he was strong enough, he could split it into two, two into four, and so on. The stronger he was, the more crystal swords he could split. Furthermore, each crystal sword had the same power as the first crystal sword!
On the Universal Myriad Spirit Stele, the Myriad Life Crystal Sword was ranked 2120. That was its current ranking.
As for the woman called Scissors, her saber was called Slash. It only had one word. The refiner who forged Slash had a very strange temperament. He had very few weapons, and all of them only had one word in their names. However, every weapon he forged was listed on the Universe Myriad Spirit Stele, and they were all ranked in the top three thousand. In other words, they also contained a karmic law.
When Scissors waved the saber named Slash, the cold light on the saber suddenly became so bright that it was impossible to look directly at it. It was as if a star was embedded on the surface of the saber.
Then, the saber's shaft danced around Scissors' waist …
"Whoosh …"
The saber light fanned out, as if a huge fan had appeared in the deep space!
Everything that was enveloped by the saber light would be cut in half!
The karmic law contained in Slash was very similar to the Black Star Pickaxe's karmic law. However, the Black Star Pickaxe's karmic law was to penetrate, while Slash's karmic law was to sever everything!
Scissors waved the saber in such a manner, intending to cut the huge Wheel of Samsara in half …
However, the moment the fan-shaped blade light reached the Plate of Reincarnation, the enormous Plate of Reincarnation suddenly rose in height and strangely avoided the attack.
The Wheel of Samsara was controlled by Luo Zheng. He couldn't avoid the densely packed crystal swords, but he was confident that he could avoid the slowly spreading saber light. He wasn't a fool. He only knew how to control the Wheel of Samsara to run all the way.
"Haha …"
Deep Dream couldn't help laughing.
It was indeed a joke for Scissors to cut down such a huge weapon.
It was also unexpected that the enormous Wheel of Samsara would be able to dodge so nimbly even when it was riddled with holes … …
There was a trace of anger in Scissor Pupil's eyes. She coldly snorted, and the "Slash" in her hand began to madly dance!
"Huff, huff, huff …"
The saber in her hand transformed into a light wheel, and then dozens of saber lights spread out with her as the center. This time, the speed of the saber lights was more than a hundred times faster than before. Moreover, some of these fan faces were vertical, some were horizontal, and some were slanted. There was no blind spot at all. Even Deep Dream had to retreat to avoid being involved in those saber lights.
"Stab stab …"
A teeth-numbing sound came from the Wheel of Samsara. The saber lights were unstoppable. In an instant, the huge Wheel of Samsara was cut into several pieces!
The saber lights were too sharp. Even after the entire Wheel of Samsara was cut into pieces, it still maintained its inertia and flew forward. However, there were a few more thin lines on the surface of the Wheel of Samsara. After flying like this for a while, the Wheel of Samsara began to crack along those thin lines, turning into huge shapeless fragments, constantly floating and rolling in the air …
In one of the huge fragments, the fragment was slowly rotating in a spiral. Luo Zheng's feet were firmly nailed to it, and his whole body was rolling with the fragment. However, his eyes were always on Deep Dream and Scissors, and at the same time, he cast a faint smile.
"It's this guy …" Deep Dream glanced at Luo Zheng. "Xun should be attached to his body as a sword spirit."
"Kill him first," Scissors said faintly. In her eyes, this little guy in the Divine Sea Realm was just a novice who had just embarked on the road of martial arts. There was no need to talk nonsense. Carrying out Scissors' orders was always the first priority.
But at this moment, the Gen Token in Luo Zheng's hand suddenly appeared in his hand. In an instant, it transformed into a mini Immortal Mansion, and then his figure disappeared on the spot.
Seeing this scene, Scissors was slightly stunned. "There's another space magic treasure?"
Space magic treasures were not very common. They really did not expect that after cutting down such a huge Wheel of Samsara, Luo Zheng would hide in a small space magic treasure again.
"You're wasting my time!" Scissors did not hesitate at all and went straight to the mini Immortal Mansion!
However, as soon as Scissors rushed forward, she saw the mini Immortal Mansion shooting forward at an extremely fast speed. Its speed was simply beyond her imagination!
"How can this space magic treasure be so ridiculously fast!" Deep Dream raised his eyebrows. Obviously, what happened in front of him was far beyond his expectations.
The two of them were World Lords, and also outstanding talents amongst World Lords. Their understanding of the Laws and space could be said to be at the peak of existences below the Heavenly Dao. It was just that they hadn't been able to shoulder the Mandate of Heaven and were unable to compare to Empyreans …
But looking at the speed of the mini Immortal Mansion, it was several times faster than their full speed flight. In the blink of an eye, it pulled away from the two of them.
"It's useless no matter how fast it is!"
Scissors snorted coldly. With a slash of her long saber, she directly tore the space. Then, she took a step forward. Accompanied by the strong power of the Law of Space, she crossed hundreds of miles of space.
It was the same for Deep Dream. She took a step forward, shifted space, and stood in front of the small Immortal Mansion.
Although the mini Immortal Mansion was incomparably fast, it was still flying through space. Compared to the two of them who could cross hundreds or even thousands of miles in a single step, it was still much slower …
"Shatter …" Looking at the mini immortal mansion that was coming straight at him, Scissors Pupil waved his "Slash" and slashed down again.
"Whoosh …"
Not only was the mini Immortal Mansion extremely fast, but it was also extremely agile. Facing this slash, the mini Immortal Mansion made a ninety degree turn in the air and dodged the slash!
But just as it dodged the Fiend Night Clan woman's saber, it was greeted by Deep Dream's crystal swords. The densely packed crystal swords were like a beautiful but fatal rain of swords. The mini Immortal Mansion quickly passed through this "rain of swords". From beginning to end, it did not touch a single crystal sword!
After escaping the two's interception, the mini Immortal Mansion continued to fly. Then, the two of them used another spatial shift to intercept it again …
After chasing and intercepting it time and time again, the mini Immortal Mansion managed to escape for quite some time.
The two from the Fiend Night Clan became more and more impatient. They had never imagined that they would be able to destroy the enormous Wheel of Samsara so easily. Now, they were actually unable to do anything to the mini Immortal Mansion in front of them. To them, this was a great humiliation.
Within the Immortal Mansion, Luo Zheng stood on the plaza while Afo stood behind Luo Zheng. In front of them was a crystal wall that projected the scene of the outside world.
To be precise, the outside of the Holy Realm Dwellers' Mansion was not in the universe, but in this world where everything was enlarged. However, this huge world was covered by the boundary released by the Holy Realm Dwellers' Mansion like a pot lid.
The mini Immortal Mansion that was being chased was only an illusion of the real Immortal Mansion.
"It seems like we can't shake them off?" Luo Zheng looked at the two who were chasing behind the crystal wall.
Afo smiled, "Master, there's no need to worry. These two have comprehended spatial shift, so the Immortal Mansion naturally can't be shaken off. But two mere Sector Lords … Even if the Immortal Mansion didn't move, they still wouldn't be able to break through."
Luo Zheng nodded. He had no idea how to resolve this crisis, but at least he could guarantee his own safety and Xun's safety. Right now, he could only take one step at a time and see how far Na Yao would go!
This chase lasted for about two days. They were getting closer and closer to a bright yellow star in the middle heaven domain. Although Deep Dream and Scissors took over the chase, they still couldn't do anything to the mini Immortal Mansion …