Even with the strength of Deep Dream and Eyes Scissors, they were unable to escape from the sudden grab of the giant hand!
Almost in the blink of an eye, the two of them were ruthlessly pinched by the giant hand.
Tong Tong's face suddenly turned cold. She was ruthlessly pinched by the giant hand along with her saber. The saber in her hand actually bloomed with a circular light screen. After the light screen appeared, it continued to spread, trying to forcibly push the giant hand away.
In addition, Serene Dream did not dare to be caught by the giant hand. She also used her divine ability to try to break free from the giant hand.
"Which Empyrean has descended? We are from the Yao Night clan. We are working for our king!" While struggling, Serene Dream reported her origin!
Hearing this, a sneer came from deep in the sky. "So it's the Yao Night clan. You can scram now!"
After that, the giant hand gently squeezed, and the light screen that Tong Tong had just released shattered with a bang. Then, the giant hand suddenly swung and directly threw the two of them away!
The strength of this Empyrean was unimaginably great. With this gentle throw, Serene Dream and Tong Tong were constantly tumbling in the air. In the blink of an eye, they flew tens of thousands of miles away before slowly coming to a stop …
Both of their faces were filled with unwillingness. They looked at each other and frowned at the same time. Although their strength was extraordinary among Realm Lords, they were still too insignificant in the face of an Empyrean!
A warrior who had inherited the Mandate of Heaven and a warrior who had not were two completely different concepts. Why was an Empyrean called an Empyrean? It was because he had the Crown of Heaven's Mandate on his body, which carried an irresistible Mandate of Heaven!
"What do we do now?" Serene Dream asked with a frown.
Tong Tong smiled coldly. "King and Empyrean Broken Shadow should also be rushing over! Even if this Empyrean takes the Crown of Heaven's Mandate, he might not be able to take it away! "
The Crown of Heaven's Mandate required time to bear. Even if this Empyrean took the Crown of Heaven's Mandate and passed it to a Realm Lord beside him, that Realm Lord would not be able to bear the Mandate of Heaven's Mandate in a short period of time!
Moreover, when bearing the Mandate of Heaven's Mandate, one needed to communicate with the Heavenly Dao and absolutely could not move a single step …
Unless this Empyrean immediately fled after obtaining the Crown of Heaven's Mandate! However, it would still attract the pursuit of other Empyreans!
Every time the Heavenly Fate Crown appeared, it would cause many big clans to fight over it. The two of them regretted it. If Yao Yao had sent them out from the beginning instead of sending Sha, Mie, and the other three to commit suicide, they would have already taken the Heavenly Fate Crown and retreated to the Yao Ye Clan. That would have been a perfect ending!
Just like that, the small immortal abode had already traveled a considerable distance in the sky, heading straight for the nearest pale yellow star.
As the billowing black smoke dissipated, a burly figure emerged from the black smoke. This person was clad in black armor. His eyes were like bells, and his body was broad. He was a Demon Race Heavenly Venerable.
The Demon Race Heavenly Sovereign glanced at the mini Immortal Mansion that had fled into the distance. A faint sneer appeared on his face. Rolling black smoke once again enveloped him as he chased after the mini Immortal Mansion at an even faster speed.
Luo Zheng stood in the immortal mansion and looked at the outside world. The pale yellow star grew bigger and bigger in his eyes!
Mountains, rivers, deserts …
Every detail of the star was clearly displayed in Luo Zheng's vision. Ninety percent of the star's surface was covered in desert, and there were no signs of life on it.
Some stars were inhabited by living beings, and many of the larger stars were occupied by the various clans of the universe. There were some extremely special minerals and resources on these stars, some of which couldn't be found in the great worlds.
The mini Immortal Mansion charged straight for the star's surface. At Luo Zheng's request, it burrowed into a desert.
Luo Zheng had seen the entire process of the Yao Ye Clan's man and woman fighting against the giant black hand. However, for an expert to be able to grab two Realm Lords so easily and throw them away so casually, it had to be a Heavenly Venerable without a doubt.
"I don't know which clan you're from, little guy. All I want is the Heavenly Fate Crown. Hand it over, and I'll spare your life!"
As Luo Zheng was thinking, he heard the Heavenly Venerable's voice enter the immortal mansion. In the sky, a tall and sturdy figure appeared from the black smoke. It was like a giant spirit god looking down on him!
Just a glance from the Heavenly Venerable caused Luo Zheng's heart to beat wildly. That gaze seemed to contain a kind of powerless power. It seemed to be the supreme law of the Heavenly Dao!
"This is a Heavenly Venerable! And a demon Heavenly Venerable at that! "
Although Luo Zheng had heard of Heavenly Venerables for a long time, Heavenly Venerables were far too rare in the universe. Moreover, almost all Heavenly Venerables cultivated in seclusion and wouldn't easily reveal themselves. This was Luo Zheng's first time seeing a Heavenly Venerable!
"He said the Heavenly Fate Crown! He actually came for this … How did this guy know? "Luo Zheng frowned.
Luo Zheng knew that some powerhouses in the universe had the ability to calculate. Not to mention Heavenly Venerables, Daoist Tian Miao was also proficient in the Purple Star Diviner in the lower realms. He could calculate a person's fate to a certain extent.
However, it was hard for him to imagine that in the vast universe, among hundreds of thousands of boundless worlds, he could calculate the location of a tiny Heavenly Fate Crown. This was somewhat unimaginable. Heavenly Venerables weren't gods, nor were they omniscient and omnipotent existences …
Luo Zheng naturally didn't know that the Heavenly Dao was originally closely connected to the Heavenly Fate Crown. When he accidentally touched it, all the Heavenly Venerables in the universe were alarmed!
When the demon Heavenly Venerable saw that the mini immortal mansion didn't respond, he smiled sinisterly. The black smoke once again transformed into a giant hand and enveloped the area below.
However, right at this moment, a strange blue thread suddenly appeared in the sky. These threads instantly intertwined to form a huge and dense net that blocked the path in front of the devilish Heavenly Lord.
When the demon Heavenly Venerable saw the blue net, a cold light flashed in his eyes. He waved the giant hand again, wanting to forcibly break through.
Under the demon Heavenly Venerable's urging, the power of the giant hand suddenly increased by more than ten times. The blue net seemed to be unable to withstand it. The threads on it broke one by one, and the entire net seemed to be on the verge of collapsing! However, at that moment, another large net formed by blue threads appeared above the demon Heavenly Venerable's head and enveloped him.
The demon Heavenly Venerable seemed to be very afraid of this large net. He could only withdraw his hand first. His figure flashed and turned into a black smoke to avoid the net. The demon Heavenly Venerable's cold voice transmitted from the black smoke. "Heavenly Venerable Dream Weaver! You … If you want to die, just say it! "
As soon as the demon Heavenly Venerable's voice fell, the blue threads continued to intertwine, gradually drawing an exquisite figure in the air. In an instant, the threads turned into a young and beautiful human woman. She had a faint smile on her face as she looked at the demon Heavenly Venerable not far away.
The Heavenly Venerable Dream Weaver had a frivolous smile on her face as she stared at the demon Heavenly Venerable and said, "Hehe, Old Monster Dark Demon, I'm just looking for the Crown of Heaven's Will. Why would I want to die?"
This devil race Empyrean was the famous Dark Devil Empyrean. This Dark Devil Empyrean was one of the oldest Empyreans in the universe. His lifespan was also considered to be one of the oldest Empyreans. Therefore, others called him Dark Devil Old Monster.
"The second Heavenly Venerable …"
In the immortal mansion, Luo Zheng's face sank again. Two Heavenly Venerables had appeared at once. Luo Zheng was indeed surprised.
Although he was very confident in the immortal mansion, facing an Heavenly Venerable powerhouse …
At that moment, a ball of flame suddenly ignited. The purple flame seemed to contain the power to burn the heavens. A huge amount of heat spread out, turning the entire desert into a fiery hell. Then, a person walked out of the flame. "I thought my speed wasn't slow. I didn't expect Dark Demon and Dream Weaver to be even faster, haha!"
"Another Heavenly Venerable!" Luo Zheng's heart suddenly jumped, and a wry smile appeared on his face.
The Crown of Heaven's Will was so attractive that it attracted three Heavenly Venerables in the blink of an eye? He wondered if it would attract more Heavenly Venerables …
As soon as this thought appeared in Luo Zheng's mind, the figure of the fourth Heavenly Venerable slowly appeared in the sky.
＝＝＝＝＝