The area of a tenth grade sacred land was already unimaginably huge, and a large world only had two to three sector lords.
Ordinary martial artists only had a pitifully small chance of seeing a Realm Lord once in their lifetime.
As for Heavenly Venerables, although they were scattered across the 100,000 Great Realms, they were all legendary figures in the universe.
From the moment a martial artist stepped onto the martial path, they looked towards the future and broke through their own limits step by step to become even more powerful!
The division of each major realm was just a name that was decided by someone who had reached that step.
The five levels of the physical body, Xiantian, Divine Reflection, Divine Pill, Void Tribulation, Life and Death … Then there were the three Soul Transformation Changes, and finally the Lord of a Realm!
In theory, a Realm Lord was the limit a martial artist could reach. It was the furthest a martial artist could go on the martial path by relying on their own talent and perseverance.
This was because it was impossible to go any further with just perseverance and talent. If a martial artist wanted to continue, they needed the Crown of Heaven's Mandate. Only by shouldering the Mandate of Heaven would they have the qualifications to become a Heavenly Venerate!
In the entire universe, there were only 128 Heavenly Venerables, and there were already four of them in front of him …
At this moment, Luo Zheng was speechless!
Luo Zheng didn't need to use his brain to know that these Heavenly Venerables had come for the Crown of Heaven's Mandate. It seemed that the Crown of Heaven's Mandate was much more important than Luo Zheng had imagined.
What was worse was that the number of Heavenly Venerables was still increasing …
The fifth …
The sixth …
The seventh …
* Buzz buzz buzz … *
At this moment, a sword spirit continuously condensed beside Luo Zheng. Xun's figure floated beside Luo Zheng as she stared at the sky.
"Heavenly Venerate Broken Shadow." Xun frowned.
"Heavenly Venerate Broken Shadow?" Luo Zheng stared at the seventh Heavenly Venerate. From his appearance, Luo Zheng could tell that this Heavenly Venerate was from the Yao Night Clan. However, he didn't know where this Heavenly Venerate had come from.
"Since Heavenly Venerate Broken Shadow has appeared, Yao … should have appeared as well," Xun said calmly.
"Yao!"
When Luo Zheng heard this name, a murderous intent suddenly rushed into his mind.
Luo Zheng had never wanted to kill someone so much, just like Cui Xie, his fated enemy. Although he wanted to kill Cui Xie, if Cui Xie was willing to let Luo Yan go, Luo Zheng could also forget about the enmity between them.
But this woman was an exception …
Xun looked at the sky calmly. A blue light appeared in the deep sky. At the front of the light, there was a person wearing the Sky Armor and holding the Holy Thunder Chain Hammer. He slowly walked over.
This woman was one of the three kings of the Demonnight Clan, the King of Punishment!
Luo Zheng had seen Yao's King statue more than once. He had even smashed her statue several times. However, this was the first time he had seen Yao's true appearance!
The design of the Vast Sky Armor was very unique. It was almost a perfect fit for Yao's figure. The armor on her chest perfectly set off her almost perfect figure. As the armor extended all the way, it suddenly disappeared at her slender waist, revealing the almost perfect curves of her waist. Her slender legs were also tightly wrapped by the armor …
He had no choice but to admit that the Yao who was leisurely walking over was indeed a nearly perfect woman. However, on that extremely beautiful face of hers, there was a kind of ruthless ferocity everywhere.
In their normal state, the kings of the Yao Night Clan were only at the Realm Lord level. After all, kings couldn't shoulder the Mandate of Heaven.
But at this moment, there was a blue light trailing behind Yao. That light was the Yao Night Clan's Faith Pond. The Faith Pond that belonged to Yao was constantly replenishing Yao with the power of faith. This was the battle form of the three kings. With the support of the Faith Pond, Yao's strength was no weaker than any of the Empyreans present!
However, the strongest of the three kings of the Yao Night Clan was actually Xun. After all, she was the King of Slaughter, the strongest sword of the Yao Night Clan.
After her was Yao, then the King of Life …
Right now, Xun was no longer able to use the faith pond. Yao had already sealed her faith pond. However, even though Xun was able to borrow the faith energy from the faith pond, she still wasn't a match for a Sector Lord. After all, her current state was still very weak. She couldn't absorb the faith energy from the faith pond without restraint.
When the several Empyreans in the sky saw Yao, they all retreated a few steps. A trace of fear appeared on their faces.
The Yao Night Clan only had four Empyreans. It was even fewer than the number of humans and devils. However, the three kings weren't any weaker than Empyreans. It was equivalent to having three extra Empyreans. Although the King of Slaughter was nowhere to be seen, the King of Punishment wasn't to be underestimated either.
Empyreans were also divided into high, middle, and low ranks. They were divided according to the Mandate of Heaven they shouldered and the karma laws they obtained. The difference in strength was also not small!
The Empyreans that appeared now were only lower level Empyreans. As for Yao, she was comparable to a middle level Empyrean!
Yao twisted her body and slowly walked through the sky. Her face was filled with arrogance. It was as if she didn't put the Empyreans in her eyes. She walked towards the mini immortal estate in the desert.
"You …"
The Empyreans were currently in a stalemate. For the sake of the Mandate of Heaven crown, they were likely going to fight. However, as Empyreans, they were all constantly weighing their options. Thus, they were currently maintaining a delicate balance. No one was willing to fight for the mini immortal estate for fear of becoming the target of public criticism.
However, Yao walked over as if there was no one present. Empyrean Darkdemon couldn't help but speak up to stop her.
However, as soon as Empyrean Darkdemon spoke, Empyrean Broken Shadow's figure drifted to Yao's side like a ghost. He stared at Empyrean Darkdemon with a wild smile. "Old monster Darkdemon, this is an internal affair of the Yao Night Clan. Do you … want to interfere?"
"Internal affair? What a joke! Since when did the Mandate of Heaven crown become an internal affair of the Yao Night Clan? " Empyrean Darkdemon said with a look of dissatisfaction. His Demon Clan only had middle and upper level Empyreans. However, they hadn't arrived yet. If they hadn't, he would have attacked long ago.
The Yao Night Clan and the Demon Clan were originally at odds with each other. Up until now, the two clans had been fighting each other in dozens of great worlds.
However, Empyrean Exalts rarely took action in a war of this level. Even if a great world was occupied by the other side, it was difficult to attract the attention of Empyreans. After all, Empyrean Exalts of every race were like trump cards. Once they participated in an ordinary war, the ripples they caused were no small matter.
Empyrean Broken Shadow smiled coldly. "The King of Slaughter of my Yao Night Clan is hiding in this immortal estate. Tell me, isn't this an internal affair of my clan?"
"The King of Slaughter? Xun? "Empyrean Darkdemon frowned.
When Xun helped Empyrean Divine Arrow ascend to the position of Empyrean Exalted, she had killed a Empyrean Exalted.
The death of every Empyrean was a huge matter in the universe. It was far too difficult to kill a Empyrean Exalted. Even upper level Empyreans weren't completely confident they could kill a lower level Empyrean Exalted!
However, Xun had done it. She was the first Realm Overlord to kill a Empyrean Exalted, even though she had relied on the power of faith unique to her Yao Night Clan.
Because of this, every Empyrean Exalted remembered the name Xun. It was this woman who had killed a Empyrean Exalted for the sake of not bearing the Mandate of Heaven!
Several hundred years ago …
Xun suddenly disappeared from the universe.
Even though the Yao Night Clan tried their best to conceal this matter, the statues of their kings were scattered all over their sacred lands. It was almost impossible to hide something like this.
To the Empyreans of the other races, this was a good thing. Later on, they received news that the two kings of the Yao Night Clan were fighting each other!
Now, it seemed that this matter was most likely true.
The strongest king of the Yao Night Clan in countless years was actually hiding in this tiny immortal estate? Since she had the Crown of Heaven's Mandate, why didn't she bear the Mandate of Heaven? A trace of suspicion appeared on the faces of the other Empyreans.
Yao didn't pay any attention to the guesses of the Empyreans. When she was a certain distance away from the miniature immortal estate, a faint smile appeared on her face. "Xun, it's time to come out, right?"