The Immortal Abode was Luo Zheng and Smog's last line of defense.
If the Immortal Abode was destroyed, Luo Zheng would have no choice but to accept his fate.
Facing so many Celestial Venerables and Yao alone, Luo Zheng seemed to be in a hopeless situation. However, he didn't mind making the situation even more murky.
Then, he took out the Roaring Token. A moment later, Luo Zheng's voice resounded throughout the universe.
"Hehe, bitch, we meet again!"
Suddenly hearing Luo Zheng's words, within Yao's ice-cold eyes, a trace of anger blossomed.
This Divine Sea realm ant had been humiliating her all this time!
As the high and mighty Monarch of the Fiend Night clan, how could she tolerate such a fellow's humiliation?
However, her expression remained calm as she said indifferently, "In my eyes, you're just an ant with a glib tongue. A Divine Sea realm cultivator isn't qualified to talk to me. Let Smog come out!"
Luo Zheng's voice resounded through the universe once more.
"Hmph, in my eyes, you're no king of the Nightfiend clan. You're just a slut. At most, you're a slut king … You want us to come out? Naturally, there's no way. If you have the ability, then come in. There's plenty of good stuff in my Immortal residence. Aside from the Crown of Destiny, there's also my Roaring Command. As far as I know, that thing should be something that surpasses the Heavenly Dao, right? It can be used infinitely … "
After Luo Zheng's voice resounded through the universe, it shocked all the intelligent beings in the hundred thousand great realms.
"This Divine Sea realm cultivator has a Heavenly Will Crown?"
"Legend has it that it's something that can allow a Realm Lord to become a Celestial Venerate. A mere Divine Sea realm cultivator got his hands on it!"
"I … If I have this Heavenly Will Crown, I can become a Celestial Venerate!"
The low-level cultivators only talked about it verbally. The Heavenly Will Crown was a hot potato in their hands. Besides losing their lives, it wouldn't bring them any benefits.
However, the eyes of some Realm Lords turned red.
In every large world in the universe, there was basically a Sector Lord. Of course, there were some extremely barren or large worlds with harsh environments that didn't have a Sector Lord. For example, there were many large worlds like the Asura Yin World and the Psychic World that even had two to three Sector Lords!
When these sector lords heard Luo Zheng's words, it was as if a cat was scratching their souls!
They had already reached the peak of a martial artist's growth. If they wanted to take another step forward, the only thing they lacked was the Heaven's Will!
How could a junior at the Spirit Sea Realm get it?
"Fight for the Heaven's Will!"
"I'll go … beg my grandfather, I want this round of Heavenly Fate!"
"Where is this kid now …"
Some ordinary Sector Lords might be helpless, but there were other Sector Lords who had powerful factions behind them. Some were even the sons of Empyreans, or even the successors of Empyreans!
Some middle and upper Empyreans, due to various reasons, didn't plan to make a move. However, the current situation had changed. Regarding the birth of this Heaven's Will, only 128 Empyreans knew about it. But now, it had spread to the entire universe. Every person, every race, every life form!
"This kid's Roaring Command! It can be used infinitely? "
"Isn't this too exaggerated? Under the Heavenly Dao, who could create such a Roaring Command? I don't believe it! "
"You don't believe it? Have you seen this kid care about the Roaring Command? Even Empyreans wouldn't use it so casually. The difficulty of obtaining this Roaring Command is no longer the same as before. Where did this kid get so many Roaring Commands? "
Luo Zheng took the initiative to say this news, causing even more shock.
Even Empyreans had to pay attention to such a Roaring Command …
Hearing Luo Zheng's words, Yao's brows furrowed even more. What kind of trick was this guy playing?
Then, Luo Zheng put down the Roaring Command. He smiled and asked Xun, "What star is this?"
Xun thought for a moment and said, "This is the 12th star of the middle Heaven Domain. I think it's called Yellowsand Star …" There were many stars in the sky. Although Xun's memory was extraordinary, she wasn't too sure.
Thus, Luo Zheng activated the Roaring Command once more. "It's a great honor to see several Empyreans gather on this 12th star of the middle Heaven Domain, Yellowsand Star. Hehe, I wonder if there will be even more Empyreans descending. To be able to see so many Empyreans, I, Luo Zheng, am extremely honored!"
When Luo Zheng spread these words through the Roaring Command to the entire universe and then into the ears of the several Empyreans on Yellowsand Star, the complexions of these Empyreans changed several times!
"This boy, he wants to muddy the waters even more!"
"He wants to draw in even more Empyreans. Hehe, this boy is quite quick-witted …"
"He's too naive. This move is useless."
Several Empyreans had looks of appreciation in their eyes. There were also some Empyreans that had looks of disdain on their faces.
In the eyes of these Empyreans, this boy hiding in the Immortal Mansion had encountered a situation of certain death today. Perhaps he was throwing caution to the wind. Drawing in even more Empyreans would only make this place even more chaotic. Perhaps he wanted to take advantage of this situation to escape.
Under normal circumstances, Luo Zheng's move would be useful. But for Empyrean powerhouses, no matter how muddy the waters were, wanting to slip away in the chaos was impossible!
But Luo Zheng still did it. Not only did he throw out the bait, but he also accurately revealed his position …
In truth, revealing his position was purely superfluous. After all, as long as one was an Empyrean, it wasn't difficult to calculate the position of the Crown of Destiny. The key point was that Luo Zheng had succeeded in letting everyone know about the Crown of Destiny. In addition to the Roaring Command, the situation was different.
Most of the 128 Empyreans stood behind some large race. Only a few eccentric Empyreans were alone and didn't have any connections.
Previously, there were still many Empyreans that maintained a wait-and-see attitude. They had already become Empyreans, so the risk of competing for the Crown of Destiny wasn't small and the chances weren't particularly high … But now, they needed to face their own descendants, their own sons, and the pleas of their descendants!
Not long after …
Some of the Empyreans that had been biding their time began to set out for the middle Heaven Region.
This included Empyrean Still Water and Empyrean Ling Huo. These two Empyreans' goal wasn't just the Crown of Destiny, but also the Roaring Command!
The two of them had been ridiculed by Luo Zheng's Roaring Command and were filled with doubts. How could this mysterious youth have so many Roaring Commands?
Now that they heard Luo Zheng personally admit that his Roaring Command was something that surpassed the Heavenly Dao, they were shocked and also convinced. They didn't want the Crown of Destiny, but they had to get their hands on the Roaring Command!
Thus, more and more Empyreans began to leave their great realms and set out for the middle Heaven Region …
"It looks like I was wrong." A cold smile appeared on Yao's face. When she had first discovered Luo Zheng, she should have personally gone to the Asura Yin World instead of delaying and even sending people to kill him. She had wasted a lot of time.
If not for that, she would have already taken the Crown of Destiny and Xun's remnant soul.
Now that Luo Zheng had exposed these things, it was to attract even more Empyrean powerhouses. She had thought of even more. For example, Luo Zheng could compromise with an upper Empyrean and give up his Crown of Destiny to spare his life …
In any case, the current situation was becoming more complicated, which was advantageous to Luo Zheng!
Because of this, Yao no longer hesitated. As the power of faith flooded her body, the Holy Lightning Chain Hammer in her hand blossomed with tens of thousands of astonishing arcs of lightning!
Crackle …
Her attack was about to smash down on the Immortal Mansion.
But just as Yao Yao moved, Old Freak Dark Demon's black smoke rapidly spread out. This Empyrean Dark Demon was the first Empyrean to arrive. In addition, the demons were originally overbearing and tyrannical in nature. How could they surrender the prey they found to others?
The black smoke formed dozens of giant hands and grabbed at the Immortal Mansion from different directions.
But just as Old Monster Dark Demon moved, countless tiny shadows erupted from Empyrean Broken Shadow's body. Each shadow was only the size of a palm, but they all contained a unique law of karma, as if they could completely melt anything they touched! Even Old Monster Dark Demon's black smoke hands were no exception. In the blink of an eye, they were completely melted away!