The power of a Heavenly Venerate was simply too vast.
If the Empyreans present were to release all of their strength, they would probably be able to shatter the entire Yellow Sand Star into pieces in an instant!
Even though these Heavenly Venerates were fighting for Luo Zheng's immortal mansion, they were still restraining their power. After all, now wasn't the time to fight to the death.
Even so, the might that erupted from them was far beyond what ordinary cultivators could compare to. The level of power of these Heavenly Venerates was beyond the imagination of ordinary people …
Heavenly Venerate Darkdemon roared in shock and anger, and the other Heavenly Venerates joined the battle at the same time.
However, the first target of these Heavenly Venerables was the mini immortal abode below!
Yao furrowed her brows, and a vicious aura flashed in her eyes. She raised the Holy Lightning Chain Hammer in her hand. The Holy Lightning Chain Hammer swayed gently, and suddenly, it released a dazzling lightning!
Countless bolts of lightning spiraled around Yao, forming a huge lightning vortex with her at the center.
The Lightning Laws contained within the lightning had already reached the eighth or even ninth level!
Even Heavenly Venerates would have to retreat from such a fierce lightning vortex …
The Heavenly Venerates were both shocked and furious. The Fiend Night Clan's King of Punishment didn't hold back at all!
Yao's expression didn't change in the slightest in the face of the other Heavenly Venerates' reactions. How could she allow others to take away what she wanted?
After the lightning dissipated, she looked down and was slightly taken aback. The mini celestial mansion had disappeared?
"You still hoped to escape? How naive …"
Relying on a spatial treasure to escape in front of so many Heavenly Venerates was simply daydreaming!
After saying that, Yao gently raised her hand, and a huge crack began to appear at the edge of Yellowsand Planet's desert. The crack continued to extend until it circled around the entire desert!
Beneath the desert was soil, and beneath the soil was rock.
"Rumble …"
The desert, along with the soil and rock beneath Yellowsand Planet, and even a piece of the planet's mantle, were all pried up by Yao!
If one looked at it from above the stars, it would look like a giant was holding a spoon and scooping up a large piece of Yellowsand Planet!
That piece of mantle, together with the desert on its surface, was forcefully dug out by Yao and lifted up!
At the bottom of the desert, there was a huge crater that was thousands of kilometers deep …
After digging up the desert, Yao Yao swung the Holy Lightning Chainhammer in her hand again. With a light swing, the lightning hammer at the front of the Holy Lightning Chainhammer smashed into the desert!
"Boom!"
When the lightning hammer drilled into the desert, it once again released a violent lightning bolt. Under the attack of the lightning bolt, the entire desert began to disintegrate and dissipate.
"Sou!"
A small mini Immortal Mansion flew out just as the desert was rapidly disintegrated by the lightning.
With a dispirited sneer on her face, she took a step forward and chased after the Immortal Mansion.
The other Celestial Masters also moved at the same time. Yao's strength might be slightly stronger than theirs, but it was already extremely difficult for a Celestial Master to kill a Celestial Master. Moreover, they had all mastered the Space Diversion Technique!
In an instant, the Celestial Masters passed through space and headed straight for the mini Immortal Mansion.
At the same time, Yao Yao swung the Holy Lightning Chainhammer again. With the rich power of faith pouring into it, the power of this attack was more than twice as strong as before.
"Hmph, do you really think we're afraid of you?"
A blood-red ring of fire suddenly appeared in the Celestial Master's hand.
"Heavenly Calamity Extinguishing Fire!"
The moment the ring of fire was unleashed, the heat it emitted was extremely terrifying. Cracks suddenly appeared in the space surrounding the ring of fire, and it began to collapse continuously. Even the space was unable to withstand the might of the flame. The blood-red ring of fire continued to circle in the air, and it went straight for Yao.
The other Celestial Master wasn't to be outdone either. With a flick of his hands, his figure became erratic as if he was standing on water. Then, he reached out and connected his thumb and index finger, fixing Yao's figure in his hand. Then, he softly uttered a word. "Crack!"
"Crack …"
Suddenly, a strange crack appeared where Yao was standing. The crack spread at an extremely fast speed and soon, it had spread to Yao's body.
Yao Yao's body was currently enveloped in rich power of faith. The power of faith was the foundation of her battle with the Celestial Masters.
However, the crack that appeared in the space was a very strange way of attack. It was also extremely overbearing. The crack directly tore apart the power of faith. Immediately after, a bloody wound appeared on Yao's right shoulder and burst out into a flower of blood!
If the crack continued to spread, Yao Yao's entire body would be split into two!
However, right at this moment, the Vast Sky Armor on Yao Yao's body suddenly flashed with a dense light. A series of cryptic and strange lights appeared from the Vast Sky Armor and forcibly stopped the crack from spreading!
After all, it was the Vast Sky Armor. In the universe, the Vast Sky Armor was a top-notch defensive divine artifact.
Although Yao Yao had survived this calamity with the help of the Vast Sky Armor, another Celestial Master's blood-red ring of fire was directly sweeping toward her.
In addition to these two Celestial Masters, the other two Celestial Masters were also eyeing her covetously … Facing the siege of four Celestial Masters at once was still too much for Yao Yao. She had no choice but to retreat.
It was also because of the delay of these four Celestial Masters that the mini Immortal Mansion Luo Zheng was in once again burrowed into another desert on Yellowsand Planet …
These Celestial Masters were also very clear that no matter how the mini Immortal Mansion escaped, it could not escape from their hands. The most important thing was to deal with the covetous eyes of the other Celestial Masters.
Originally, these Celestial Masters had their own plans. Some wanted to sit down and talk, while others wanted to take advantage of the chaos to steal the Immortal Mansion. However, as soon as Yao Yao appeared, she went straight for the Immortal Mansion in an unusually domineering manner. Naturally, she became the first to stick her head out and attracted the siege of several Celestial Masters.
Now that they had joined forces to force Yao Yao to retreat, one of the Celestial Masters once again chased after the mini Immortal Mansion. No matter what, they had to capture this little spatial magic treasure first.
Inside the Immortal Mansion …
Luo Zheng, Xun, and Afo were paying close attention to the battle in the outside world.
This time, after Afo controlled the Immortal Mansion to burrow into the desert, he smiled slightly and said, "I'll transform the Immortal Mansion again!"
The Immortal Mansion was transformed from the "Gen" token, but it could freely transform into various shapes. This time, when it burrowed into the interior of Yellowsand Planet again, it directly transformed into a palm-sized stone!
Just as the Immortal Mansion was completed, a Celestial Venerate waved his hand, and the huge desert was dug up by another Celestial Venerate from the Yellow Sand Star. They followed Yao's method and followed the same pattern. Under the blazing flames, they directly burned the desert!
The sand of the desert was burned by the flames, turning into transparent crystals. Under the continuous burning, these crystals also began to melt …
Not long after, this piece of desert, which was hundreds of miles long, was mostly burned away. Only some scattered objects were scattered into the huge pit below Yellowsand Star!
One of the stones kept tumbling in the air, fell into the big pit, and remained motionless.
This stone was naturally transformed from the Immortal Mansion!
"Huh?" One of the Celestial Masters showed a look of surprise.
Just now, with a casual grab, the mini Immortal Mansion couldn't have escaped his range. He burned the entire desert, but he still couldn't find the Immortal Mansion?
"There were no spatial fluctuations just now. That spatial magic treasure must be on Yellowsand Planet!" One of the Celestial Masters said faintly.
"Hmph, the Immortal Mansion is here. We'll know with a divination." Another Celestial Master pinched his fingers and calculated. As long as no one was carrying the Crown of Heaven's Will, it wasn't difficult to calculate its location. Moreover, the distance to the Crown of Heaven's Will wasn't far, so the divination wasn't complicated!
After a moment, the Celestial Master looked at Yellowsand Planet and frowned slightly. "It's indeed still on Yellowsand Planet, but what happened just now?"
＝＝＝＝＝