Doubt appeared on the faces of the Empyreans.
As for Yao, the Dark Demon Empyrean, and the Broken Shadow Empyrean also stopped fighting …
It was impossible for the mini Immortal Palace to escape once it appeared on Yellow Sand Star. It was precisely because of this that they fought so fiercely.
But now, the mini Immortal Palace had disappeared?
Escaping from under the noses of the Empyreans was something that absolutely could not happen!
When the other Empyreans saw this, they also began to make calculations.
After some calculations, they quickly came to the same conclusion. This Immortal Palace had not left Yellow Sand Star, but was hidden within Yellow Sand Star.
Under such circumstances, the Empyreans gathered on Yellow Sand Star naturally stopped fighting.
They had all come for the Crown of Heaven's Mandate, and that was their only goal. As for sparring with the other Empyreans, they were not interested in that!
Yao's gaze was cold as she swept her gaze across the surface of Yellow Sand Star again and again, but she did not see any clues. In the end, her eyes, which were filled with hostility, landed on the other Empyreans. If it weren't for these fellows causing trouble, the Immortal Palace wouldn't have hidden itself!
"Whoosh …"
A few more figures flew over from the deep sky. More Empyreans had arrived!
"Empyrean Still Water!"
Empyrean Still Water was a middle level Empyrean amongst the Empyreans. Even Yao's brows immediately furrowed!
"Empyrean Ling Huo!"
When Empyrean Ling Huo descended, his gaze landed on Empyrean Still Water …
The two of them were a pair of famous enemies in the universe, and could also be said to be a pair of living treasures among the Empyreans. They had been cursing at each other for who knows how many years, and had challenged each other countless times, but none of them had fulfilled their promise! There had also been other Empyreans who had tried to bully the two of them, but the two of them acted as if they didn't know anything and continued to do as they pleased …
When the other Empyreans saw the two of them meet, they would probably fight as well. Who would have thought that these two Empyreans would actually greet each other so warmly, as if they had not seen each other for a long time and had never wanted to fight!
When two Celestial Venerables killed each other, the Crown of Life would dissipate upon death. Then, it would randomly appear in some corner of the universe. Thus, after killing the other, the greatest benefits would most likely fall into the hands of the other Celestial Venerables. Unless it was a matter of life and death, Celestial Venerables would not fight with their lives on the line.
Not long after, several more Empyreans descended.
The number of Empyreans surrounding Yellowsand Star had already reached 20!
It was extremely rare for so many Empyreans to gather together …
Even when the Dao Fruit Meeting was held back then, there were only 18 Empyreans. But now, there were already 20 Empyreans on Yellowsand Star.
And these Empyrean powerhouses were virtually all attracted by Luo Zheng!
"What? That immortal mansion like spatial magic treasure is hidden on Yellowsand Star right under your noses? "Still Water Celestial Master smiled faintly and shook his head." Watch me! Hehe! "
After saying that, Heavenly Exalted Still Water raised his head slightly and put his palms together. Then, two rays of golden light emitted from his eyes. The golden light spread out and formed two rays of golden light that swept across the surface of Yellowsand Star.
"It's been a long time since we last met. Heavenly Exalted Still Water's' Eyes of Rebirth 'can see through the myriad of illusions under the Heavenly Dao. I think you should be able to find that immortal mansion." One of the Empyreans smiled faintly.
Still Water Celestial Master's expression was indifferent. Just as they said, the spatial magic treasure was probably just a mere illusion. His' Eyes of Rebirth 'could naturally see through it.
Yellowsand Planet was not a particularly large planet. In just a few breaths of time, the two golden rays of light had completely seen through Yellowsand Planet. Then, a puzzled expression appeared on Celestial Master Still Water's face … …
"This is really strange. It's clearly on Yellowsand Star, but I can't see it! This … is impossible! "
His' Eyes of Rebirth 'was an eye technique that he cultivated from the Heavenly Dao that he bore. It contained the law of karma that could see through everything. Moreover, this law of karma was not cultivated by him, but inherited from the Heavenly Dao. There was nothing in the Heavenly Dao that he could not see through!
Just as they said, how could he not see through the spatial magic treasure when it changed shape?
This simply went against the rules of the Heavenly Dao …
Unless that spatial magic treasure was an object that surpassed the Heavenly Dao!
"Even the Eyes of Rebirth cannot see through it?" An Celestial Master frowned as he pondered.
As Celestial Masters, they were well aware of what the Heavenly Dao they bore was. Every Heavenly Dao inherited an extremely powerful law of karma. These laws of karma were the supreme laws of the universe. Everything in the universe, from the smallest grain of sand to the largest stars in the universe, had to operate according to these laws of karma. There had never been an accident before!
Just like how water would boil when it was heated up, and if one's strength was too strong, they would suffer heavenly tribulation …
These could also be considered the laws of the universe, and the laws set down by the Heavenly Dao could not be violated.
Yao's expression grew uglier and uglier. Because of her impulsiveness, she had sent Slaughter, Miejue, and the other three. Not only had she wasted time, but more and more Celestial Masters had gathered before her!
Now, she could not even find that tiny immortal mansion …
It would be fine if she found it. Her biggest goal was to kill Xun, but the Crown of Destiny was also something she had to obtain. However, with so many Celestial Masters in front of her, it would not be easy for her and Celestial Master Broken Shadow to forcefully snatch it away!
"Let me do it. Hehe, who cares what illusion technique it is. This move is the simplest and most crude!" As Celestial Master Ling Huo spoke, a wisp of flame appeared in his hand. After the flame in his hand formed a line, it transformed into the shape of a fire dragon that constantly floated in his hand. "Since I can't see where the spatial magic treasure is hidden, then I'll refine the entire planet!"
After saying that, the wisp of flame rushed out!
After this originally small fire dragon flew out from Celestial Master Ling Huo's hand, it rapidly grew in size, transforming into a huge fire dragon that soared into the sky and directly pounced towards the yellow sand planet!
"Whoosh …"
The huge fire dragon continued to circle, its size still expanding. At the same time, the fire dragon wrapped around the entire yellow sand planet in circles.
All the Celestial Masters retreated for the time being.
Celestial Master Ling Huo's method was an effective method!
It was not difficult for a Celestial Master to destroy a star. If several Celestial Masters attacked together, not to mention a Yellow Sand Star, even a big world would be shattered. The Orange Sea Realm of the Human Alliance was a good example.
This yellow sand planet was considered a relatively small planet among the stars in the heavens, but its diameter was still more than eighty thousand miles. This was also an absolute behemoth!
However, after the fire dragon wrapped around it, the surface of the yellow sand planet turned black and then began to slowly melt …
"Burn the entire planet …" Luo Zheng's eyebrows twitched slightly. This Celestial Master Ling Huo was so bold!
When Celestial Master Ling Huo began to burn the yellow sand planet, Luo Zheng faintly sensed a trace of grief. When that feeling of grief was transmitted, Luo Zheng instantly understood that it was the transmission of the will of the stars!
The stars had their own will. When Luo Zheng cultivated the Stellar Battle Body, he had already understood. Now, Luo Zheng had already triggered more than twenty stars one after another, and the grief of the stars was emitted by those stars that he had triggered!
Unfortunately, he was unable to stop it …
Luo Zheng shook his head slightly and could only watch as Celestial Master Ling Huo incessantly burned the yellow sand planet!
"Boom …"
Under the wrapping of the fire dragon, a huge crack appeared in the middle of the yellow sand planet. It was actually burned by the flames!
However, Celestial Master Ling Huo's flames did not extinguish. Instead, they continued to burn the yellow sand planet.
Under the constant burning, the yellow sand planet's volume began to shrink. The materials that were easy to burn in the yellow sand planet were incinerated.
In the time it took for an incense stick to burn, the yellow sand planet, which originally had a diameter of eighty thousand miles, had shrunk to forty thousand miles …
An hour later, the yellow sand planet had become ten thousand miles in size …
Such a huge planet was burned bit by bit just like that. However, the stone that was transformed from the immortal mansion was still lying there quietly!