As Empyrean Ling Huo continued to burn, the rate at which Yellowsand Planet was being burned slowed down.
The surface of the planet was the softest, just grains of sand. Beneath the sand was a layer of soil that was over ten miles thick!
Beneath the soil was rock, and beneath the rock was the mantle. In truth, the mantle was also formed from a type of rock, but it was countless times stronger than ordinary rock. And within the mantle was the star core!
This star core was located at the center of the planet. Aside from being extremely strong, its weight was also astonishing. It was said that a palm-sized star core was comparable to the weight of a mountain!
Although Empyrean Ling Huo's fire dragon was powerful, wanting to burn down the entire Yellowsand Planet in a short period of time was something impossible …
"Leave this Heaven's Will Crown to me. There's someone in my clan who urgently needs this Heaven's Will Crown."
Empyrean Still Water said from the side. Taking advantage of the process of refining the planet, everyone wanted to discuss the ownership of this Heaven's Will Crown.
"Someone in your clan needs it? Empyrean Ling Huo, are you joking? Is it only your clan that has a Realm Lord? "Another Empyrean jumped out and said with dissatisfaction.
There were many Realm Lords in the universe, but the number of Heaven's Will Crown was pitifully small …
Now, there were nearly 20 Empyreans. Following that brat Luo Zheng's Roar Command, the number of Empyreans rushing over would only increase. How would this Heaven's Will Crown be divided?
The key point was that this thing wasn't something that could be divided. It wasn't possible to cut the Heaven's Will Crown into pieces and give each person a piece, right?
Another Empyrean asked, "Hmph, everyone seems to be going in the wrong direction. Haven't you thought about it? This Heaven's Will Crown is the 129th Heaven's Will. If someone were to bear this Heaven's Will, what would happen?"
The moment these words were spoken, many Empyreans fell silent.
Indeed, a Heavenly Dao wheel could only bear 128 Heaven's Wills. This number had never changed.
What would happen if there was an extra Heaven's Will? No one could say for sure!
If it caused the Heavenly Dao to collapse, or even caused the Evolution Era to end prematurely, the risk would be too great …
Just as they were talking, another Empyrean Exalt flew over. When this Empyrean Exalt appeared, old monster Dark Demon laughed loudly and immediately gained confidence. "13th Brother, you're finally here!"
Empyrean Darkfiend was the first Empyrean to arrive. But now, he could only watch helplessly as so many Empyreans appeared. He was even pushed to the edge …
Although Empyrean Darkdemon was called an old monster and was one of the Empyreans with the longest lifespan, the strength of an Empyrean was determined by the Mandate of Heaven. If the Mandate of Heaven carried the Karma Laws, then an Empyrean would be extremely strong!
However, the Mandate of Heaven that Empyrean Darkdemon inherited in the past wasn't considered an extremely powerful Karma Law. Relatively speaking, he was one of the more ordinary Empyreans.
But when they heard Empyrean Darkdemon call out 'thirteenth brother', the complexions of the 20 some Empyreans changed …
Empyrean Profound Demon was the second ranked Empyrean of the Demon Race. Moreover, he was incomparably ferocious and was a middle Empyrean. His strength was on par with Empyrean Still Water and Empyrean Ling Huo, and he was even slightly stronger!
With this fellow's arrival, a third middle Empyrean had appeared on Yellowsand Star!
But when Empyrean Profound Demon appeared, everyone saw thousands of densely packed shadows behind him. These shadows were shaped like skeletons that constantly gnawed at Empyrean Profound Demon's back!
Because Empyrean Profound Demon's protective true essence was extremely thick, no matter how these skeletons gnawed at it, they couldn't break through it.
"Thirteenth brother, behind you … why are there so many cursed skeletons?" Empyrean Darkdemon approached Empyrean Profound Demon and looked at the skeletons with a strange expression.
Empyrean Profound Demon's expression was somewhat unsightly, but he fiercely said, "Don't talk about it. When I arrived, I encountered the Shadow Clan! These guys were like madmen. They tore through space and dared to chase after me! In my anger, I killed many of them! "
"The Shadow Clan dared to chase after you, thirteenth brother!" Empyrean Darkdemon asked with a puzzled expression.
Even the other Empyrean Exalts revealed strange expressions when they heard this.
The Shadow Clan was a very troublesome clan. Even Empyrean Exalts didn't like to provoke them. It wasn't that Empyrean Exalts feared this clan, but after exterminating them, they would release these cursed skeletons before they died!
These cursed skeletons couldn't be eliminated, not even by Empyrean Exalts. They would follow behind and constantly gnaw at the person being cursed.
And the duration of this curse would often last for several years …
Empyrean Exalts weren't afraid of being bitten by these cursed skeletons. But wherever they went, a large group of skeletons would follow closely behind them. This was a very annoying thing!
However, the other Empyreans didn't say anything. In any case, they weren't the ones being cursed. Everyone's attention was still on Yellowsand Star.
Inside the immortal mansion …
"This Yellowsand Star is getting smaller and smaller." Luo Zheng's face showed a trace of worry. If this continued, there would be no place to hide.
Afo's face was still expressionless. He didn't seem to be worried about this problem at all. He said, "It's too conspicuous to turn into a stone now. I'll turn the immortal mansion into a grain of sand first!"
Then, the stone transformed from the immortal mansion began to shrink rapidly. From a stone, it transformed into a grain of sand and then fused into the core of the star!
In the outside world, the Empyrean Exalts were still arguing. When it came to their own interests, these Empyrean Exalts were no different from ordinary mortals. However, how to distribute the Crown of Destiny among so many people was indeed a big problem. Many Empyrean Exalts were secretly on guard.
In a situation where they couldn't reach an agreement, the final result was likely to be a fight!
It was just that after burning for so long, the mini immortal mansion still hadn't been burned out. It wasn't time to make a move yet.
Empyrean Ling Huo looked at the slowly burning star core. With a wave of his hand, a fire dragon appeared in his hand again. The fire dragon circled twice and then fused with the previous fire dragon. With this fusion, the fire dragon's power more than doubled, and the speed of burning the star core suddenly increased!
"Empyrean Ling Huo, I'll also lend you a hand," said another Empyrean Ling Huo.
Almost all Empyrean powerhouses had comprehended the universe's origin laws. Even if some Empyrean Ling Huo didn't cultivate fire-attribute cultivation techniques, their power was still incomparable to that of ordinary warriors.
"Bang …"
Flames were also injected into it.
The fire dragon's power began to multiply!
Such a solid star core shrank at a visible speed under the burning of the flames …
A thousand miles in diameter …
Eight hundred miles in diameter …
A hundred miles in diameter …
All the debris was burned away, leaving behind a solid glass-like substance. It was like a ladle of hot molten iron, slowly rotating in the starry sky and shrinking at the same time!
Ten miles in diameter …
One mile …
One hundred feet …
In the end, the remaining star core was burned into a fist-sized piece. This fist-sized star core was what was left of the Yellow Sand Star that was eighty thousand miles in diameter. Almost all the matter on the entire star had been burned away!
Looking at this black thing, the faces of many Empyreans turned ugly again.
"What about that mini immortal mansion …"
"It can't have really escaped, right? If this spatial law can carry out spatial teleportation … No, if there are signs of spatial teleportation, it's impossible to escape my eyes! " An Empyrean couldn't figure it out. Where was that small mini immortal mansion hidden? Could it be in this fist-sized black star core?
Empyrean Ling Huo also paused for a moment. Then, he stretched out his hand and counted with his fingers. He sneered, "Continue burning! This spatial magic treasure is really interesting! It can actually hide in it all this time! "
Right now, the mini immortal mansion had turned into a grain of sand and drilled into the center of the star core!
However, as Empyrean Ling Huo burned it bit by bit, the mini immortal mansion would still be exposed …