A star with a diameter of more than eighty thousand miles was forcibly refined just like that! Only a Celestial Venerable could easily do such a thing.
Even a tiny grain of sand could not escape the Celestial Venerables' perception. Many Celestial Venerables also discovered this grain of sand immediately, and their faces revealed strange expressions once again!
Previously, when the Celestial Venerables saw this mini Immortal Mansion, they did not take it too seriously. It was just a spatial magic treasure, and might not be much in the eyes of a Celestial Venerable.
However, looking at this grain of sand, these Celestial Venerables understood that this was no ordinary spatial magic treasure!
This grain of sand had been tempered by Celestial Venerable Ling Huo's true fire!
Even now, these Celestial Venerables still couldn't see through the mystery of this grain of sand. However, after experiencing the burning of Celestial Venerable Ling Huo's true fire, the only thing that still hadn't been refined was this grain of sand … This grain of sand could only be transformed from that immortal estate.
That grain of sand floated in the deep space for a while, then suddenly flew toward the north!
A Celestial Venerable revealed a cold smile on his face. With a stretch of his hand, a large piece of space collapsed, and the grain of sand was sucked into the collapsed space. Then, the surrounding space folded together and used the power of space to easily bind the grain of sand within!
"Such a powerful spatial magic treasure is really unheard of." A Celestial Venerable shook his head.
There were not many treasures in this universe that could make a Celestial Venerable think like this. Even if a Supreme Divine Artifact appeared in front of many Celestial Venerables, it would be difficult for them to be so moved.
However, this Immortal Mansion was ever-changing. Even Celestial Venerables could not see through it, and it could even resist the tempering of Celestial Venerable Ling Huo's true fire …
Such a spatial magic treasure made the hearts of many Celestial Venerables burn with passion!
Previously, these Celestial Venerables only wanted to shatter this spatial magic treasure and take the Crown of Destiny and the Roaring Token from within. Now, they changed their minds. This spatial magic treasure was definitely a rare treasure.
"You are Luo Zheng, right?" A Celestial Venerable remembered Luo Zheng's name. "Come out. If you can hand over this spatial magic treasure and the Crown of Destiny with both hands, my Shaye Clan may not be a large clan, but it is enough to guarantee your survival!"
"Immortal? Hehe … "Xuan Mo Celestial Venerable of the Demon Clan said casually," Human brat, although you are only at the Divine Sea Realm, I can make an exception and take you as my disciple! The price is your Crown of Heavenly Mandate and this ever-changing immortal residence! "
A cold glint flashed across Yao's eyes when she heard the two Celestial Venerables' words.
The goal of these old monsters was to fight for the Crown of Heaven's Will and the other treasures within it. However, Yao's goal was to kill Xun!
If Luo Zheng really made a deal with these Celestial Venerables, it wouldn't be a good thing for Yao Yao …
But even though the Yao Night clan was powerful, the only Celestial Venerate supporting him was Celestial Venerate Broken Shadow. There really wasn't much he could do against these old freaks.
Although she was furious in her heart, she still remained silent. Previously, she did not expect that the situation would develop to this point.
This Luo Zheng … was too damned. He actually attracted so many Empyreans …
After a while, Luo Zheng's voice resounded in the universe again.
"Haha, I am truly honored. However, thank you for your kind intentions, Celestial Venerables. I have other uses for the Crown of Heavenly Mandate! If you want me to hand it over with both hands, you must be dreaming! "
When Luo Zheng said this, the Celestial Venerables' eyes turned cold.
The Crown of Heavenly Mandate was of no use to a mere Divine Sea Realm martial artist. Moreover, with so many Celestial Venerables surrounding him, did this Luo Zheng really think he could survive?
Celestial Venerable Dark Demon couldn't help but say, "Thirteenth Brother, it's useless to talk to this brat. Let me break this spatial treasure!"
After saying this, the billowing black smoke behind Dark Demon suddenly exploded. He wanted to reach out and grab the grain of sand!
"It's just breaking this spatial treasure. I can do it too. There's no need for you to do it, Dark Demon!" The Celestial Venerable who had previously bound the grain of sand reached out with both hands. His index finger and thumb touched, trapping the grain of sand between them.
At the same time, a crack suddenly appeared in the space around the grain of sand. The crack extended towards the grain of sand!
Crackle …
This Celestial Venerable was proficient in a profound meaning of the Space Laws, and this profound meaning was the Heaven's Mandate recorded in his Crown of Heavenly Mandate. Anything that was touched by this Celestial Venerable would be completely torn apart by space!
In the universe, besides the Vast Sky Treasure Armor and a few other supreme divine artifacts that could block it, there was nothing that could block this shattering power!
Seeing the crack extend to the grain of sand and quickly pass over it, the Celestial Venerable sneered. This spatial treasure would inevitably shatter along with it!
When he withdrew his hands and stared at the grain of sand again, a trace of astonishment appeared in his eyes …
Ever since he had shouldered the Mandate of Heavenly Mandate and become an Empyrean, he hadn't had such a look in his eyes for tens of thousands of years.
The grain of sand that should have shattered was still intact, quietly floating in the distance. His Karma Law that could shatter everything seemed to have lost its effect here?
"Hehe, Old Void Monster, you're no good." Another Celestial Venerable stepped forward. As he shook his head, two divine artifacts appeared in his hands. They were the 52nd ranked divine artifacts on the Universal Myriad Spirit Stele, the "Demon Gold Awl" and the "Pure Sun Hammer".
This Celestial Venerable's figure flickered and he aimed the Demon Gold Awl at the grain of sand!
Then, he swung the Pure Sun Hammer and heavily hammered the tail of the Demon Gold Awl!
"Dong —"
A crisp sound spread out!
This sound didn't sound strong, but it spread across almost half of the starry sky. There were even martial artists in some great worlds who could clearly hear this sound!
The surrounding Celestial Venerables were still fine, but some martial artists who were a trillion miles away and cultivating on some stars heard this sound. Their hearts seemed to have suffered a heavy blow. Their eyes darkened and they spat out mouthfuls of blood!
Some weaker martial artists even had their hearts directly shattered …
Even though they were separated by such a great distance, because of the collision of these two divine artifacts, tens of millions of lives had perished!
And this was because there were very few martial artists in the starry sky. Only a small number of stars had martial artists living on them. If this were a great world, then this hammer strike would have annihilated all the trillions of lives in that great world!
Just a trace of sound transmitted out, yet it possessed such a terrifying strength. Just what sort of terrifying attack would the grain of sand at the front of the Demon Gold Awl have to endure?
A finger-sized spark blossomed from the tip of the Demon Gold Awl. After the spark dispersed, the grain of sand was still a grain of sand …
The 20 Celestial Venerables present were all stunned.
In the universe, Celestial Venerables were the greatest. This universe contained countless inconceivable mysteries, as well as innumerable insurmountable danger zones …
But these things were nothing in the eyes of an Celestial Venerable. As an Celestial Venerable who had lived for hundreds of millions of years, it was difficult for anything in this universe to surprise them.
But this grain of sand still surpassed their imaginations. At the same time, their interest in Luo Zheng's space magic tool grew even stronger!
"Let me!" Celestial Venerable Profound Demon took a step forward.
As a middle Celestial Venerable, Celestial Venerable Profound Demon's strength was far superior to that of an ordinary Celestial Venerable. A saber appeared in his hand, the Heavenly Emperor Divergent Mystic Saber. This saber was refined from the last Heavenly Emperor Divergent Mystic Bone Demon in the universe. It was ranked 27th on the universe's Myriad Spirit Stele!
The Heavenly Emperor Divergent Mystic Bone Demon was born with a special innate talent. It was able to disturb the world's origin energy and absorb it without limit … it was also because of this innate talent that the Heavenly Emperor Divergent Mystic Bone Demons were exterminated. Their race consumed far too much world's origin energy, something that the Heavenly Dao did not tolerate!
However, the last Heavenly Emperor Divergent Mystic Bone Demon was obtained by a refiner from the demon race. Only then was he able to forge the Heavenly Emperor Divergent Mystic Saber!
As this saber slashed out, a saber light like a crescent moon appeared in the sky. The moment this saber light bloomed, the world's origin energy in most of the starry sky began to become chaotic, sending out violent fluctuations!
The world's origin energy contained within this saber light had already far surpassed the imagination of ordinary martial artists!
Weng …
This saber light chopped towards the grain of sand!
＝＝＝＝＝