An earth-shattering saber-light swept through the void and accurately cut at the grain of sand!
The moment the saber-light soaked through the grain of sand, an extremely thin gap appeared on the crescent-shaped saber-light. This tiny gap had been forcibly created by the grain of sand that was unimaginably tough!
After the saber-light swept past the grain of sand, it rapidly went far away. It probably traversed more than half of the starry sky and thousands of stars before the saber-light's remaining power gradually dissipated …
As for the grain of sand, it was still floating in place, slowly rotating.
Heavenly Venerable Profound Demon's expression was somewhat unsightly. A dignified Heavenly Venerable actually couldn't do anything to a grain of sand. This was simply unimaginable!
He originally wanted to try again, but another Heavenly Venerable stood up …
The Heavenly Venerables present tried to shatter the grain of sand one by one, but despite exhausting all kinds of abilities and using all kinds of karma, the grain of sand was still the same grain of sand.
Luo Zheng and Xun, who were inside the immortal mansion, were no less shocked than those Heavenly Venerables!
All this time, Luo Zheng had indeed regarded the immortal mansion as his greatest reliance. Escaping into the immortal mansion was Luo Zheng's final escape route.
However, Luo Zheng had never imagined that the immortal mansion could withstand the attacks of Heavenly Venerables.
In the beginning, Luo Zheng was very nervous when facing the attacks of these Heavenly Venerables. However, after seeing how these Heavenly Venerables used all kinds of unimaginable methods and how the immortal mansion remained unmoved, Luo Zheng finally understood.
He had still underestimated his master and the origin of this immortal mansion …
Although he knew that his master was someone who surpassed the Heavenly Dao and that this immortal mansion must also be something that surpassed the Heavenly Dao, Luo Zheng naturally didn't expect the immortal mansion to be so sturdy.
Then, what kind of terrifying world was above the Heavenly Dao? How powerful was his master's cultivation …
It was unimaginable …
Luo Zheng's thoughts turned again. The young man who had taken away Luo Yan!
Even Xun looked up to him. Xun's true strength was comparable to that of a Heavenly Venerable, so that young man's strength far surpassed that of a Heavenly Venerable.
Surpassing the Heavenly Dao and becoming a True God …
Luo Zheng came to such a conclusion in his heart, but the corners of his mouth unconsciously revealed a trace of a bitter smile. If he wanted to see Luo Yan again, this was really a long way to go.
Xun floated quietly beside Luo Zheng. Her bright eyes were sparkling. In addition to shock, she was also very excited!
She was more knowledgeable than Luo Zheng and knew that this Immortal's Mansion was extraordinary. However, she was not the owner of this Immortal's Mansion, so she could not accurately estimate how powerful this Immortal's Mansion was. Now, it seemed that this Immortal's Mansion's power was beyond her estimation.
Outside the immortal abode, the twenty-odd Celestial Venerables used several methods, but they were still unable to move this tiny grain of sand.
Only now did they realize how laughable their previous threats were …
This Luo Zheng was hiding inside, and there was nothing they could do!
Yao silently stared at the grain of sand. Her hand holding the Holy Lightning Chain Hammer trembled slightly, but then she gave up.
So many Celestial Venerables had already tried. Her explosive might with the power of faith was probably slightly stronger than those Celestial Venerables, but it was still impossible for her to move this grain of sand …
Yao's eyes revealed a trace of unwillingness. Xun had inadvertently exposed her position, which was equivalent to ending this game of cat and mouse prematurely. This was an excellent opportunity for her. She was only one step away from completely eliminating Xun, and then her ambition of unifying the Fiend Night clan would have no worries.
But she never imagined that because of this Immortal's Mansion, this tiny grain of sand …
"If I let this Luo Zheng go, in the future, with Xun and Luo Zheng, with this Immortal's Mansion …" As she pondered, a strong sense of danger rose in her heart. Yao did not know the details of this Immortal's Mansion, but its performance so far had far exceeded her expectations. Luo Zheng's strength would rapidly increase by relying on the resources of this Immortal's Mansion.
If Luo Zheng broke through to the Realm Lord level and inherited the Mandate of Heaven, and Xun recovered her strength, then her fate could be imagined!
"No, today I must break this spatial treasure." Under the urging of her sense of danger, she waved the Holy Lightning Chain Hammer and smashed it at the grain of sand …
A day later, many Celestial Venerables were still here, staring at the slowly spinning grain of sand.
Now, what attracted them the most was no longer the Mandate of Heaven crown, but this Immortal's Mansion, this extremely strange spatial treasure!
Aside from using the methods they were most proficient in, some Celestial Venerables also used other methods, such as the profundities of origin laws and very special karma laws. In short, all sorts of strange methods were used. The strangest of all was that some Celestial Venerables even used poison.
Smearing poison on a grain of sand, Luo Zheng was also stunned. Although Celestial Venerables used poison and were naturally more powerful than ordinary Realm Lords, could this poison spread to the Immortal's Mansion? It was this grain of sand that had forced these Celestial Venerables into a corner!
On this day, several more Celestial Venerables had gathered, and now there were thirty.
These Celestial Venerables came from various races of the universe, each representing a different power.
"Buzz buzz buzz …"
As a ray of light slowly condensed, another Celestial Venerate appeared.
When this Celestial Venerate appeared, the expressions of the other Celestial Venerables changed again!
This Celestial Venerate appeared to be a human male, but they knew that this fellow didn't come from the three great human factions. He came from the Demi-Immortal Tribe!
The Demi-Immortal Tribe was actually a mixture of many races, but whether it was humans or other races, those who wished to join the Demi-Immortal Tribe had to undergo a blood transfusion. Only then could they be considered true members of the Demi-Immortal Tribe. Although there weren't many Demi-Immortals, each one of them wasn't weak. Even among Celestial Venerables, the Demi-Immortal Tribe's Celestial Venerables were incomparably powerful.
More importantly, any matter involving the Demi-Immortal Tribe would only become more troublesome. While the Demi-Immortal Tribe was powerful, they were also unreasonable.
"Celestial Venerate Qing Ling … Does your Demi-Immortal Tribe also want a share of the pie?" Celestial Venerate Profound Demon sneered when he saw Celestial Venerate Qing Ling.
The Demi-Immortal Tribe was very tolerant and didn't refuse any race in the universe. However, their relationship with the Demon Tribe was very poor.
Celestial Venerate Qing Ling glanced at Profound Demon and said, "Participate? A share of the pie? " He shook his head. "Wrong. My Demi-Immortal Tribe has always been involved. As for a share of the pie, that's even more out of the question."
"What do you mean?" Profound Demon asked.
When the other Celestial Venerables heard this, a strange expression appeared on their faces.
Celestial Venerate Qing Ling pointed at the grain of sand and said, "The young man in the spatial treasure was originally a member of my Demi-Immortal Tribe."
Many Celestial Venerables frowned when they heard this.
"You say he's a member of your tribe? Hehe, I can also say that this human brat is a member of the Demon Tribe! "Profound Demon sneered.
The other Celestial Venerables chimed in. Whether or not Luo Zheng was a member of the Demi-Immortal Tribe, they didn't choose to believe Celestial Venerate Qing Ling's words.
Celestial Venerate Qing Ling's expression was as calm as ever. "Luo Zheng has already passed my Demi-Immortal Tribe's test. He has the supreme title of Golden Heavenly Immortal, which is of great significance to my Demi-Immortal Tribe …"
The Celestial Venerables revealed a trace of surprise when they heard the title of Golden Heavenly Immortal, but it quickly disappeared. Golden Heavenly Immortals were extremely rare and had only appeared a few times in the past Yan Era. However, given the Celestial Venerables' experience, it wasn't too shocking.
Besides, who knew if Celestial Venerate Qing Ling was spouting nonsense? Making up a reason and saying that the human brat in the immortal residence was the one he wanted to take away? And conveniently take away the Crown of Heavenly Fate and the spatial treasure? This must be a dream, right?
"So what if he's a Golden Heavenly Immortal?" asked one of the Celestial Venerables.
Celestial Venerate Qing Ling smiled faintly when he sensed their hostility. "You don't need to be nervous. I'm not here to compete with you for the Crown of Heavenly Fate. Although it's important, my Demi-Immortal Tribe doesn't care!"
One of the Celestial Venerables snorted. "Pretending to be aloof? Then what are you doing here?"
The Demi-Immortal Tribe had a very strange way of doing things in the universe. Other races worked hard for the continuation and expansion of their own race, but the Demi-Immortal Tribe didn't care about these things. They often did some unimaginable things.
Not to mention some of the crazy actions of this race in the universe, occasionally, they would even give up a few great realms to other races …
Celestial Venerate Qing Ling said faintly, "I'm here to say something to all of you."
"What is it?" asked Old Monster Dark Demon.
"My Demi-Immortal Tribe will kill anyone who dares to kill Luo Zheng, even if they're a Celestial Venerate." Celestial Venerate Qing Ling's voice drifted over.
The 30 some Celestial Venerables were stunned for a moment before anger lit up their faces.
"Celestial Venerate Qing Ling, you don't have the strength, do you?" An Celestial Venerate sneered.
"Do you think this universe belongs to the Demi-Immortal Tribe? Do you think you can dictate our life and death? "Another Celestial Venerate coldly said.
Killing an Celestial Venerate wasn't an easy matter. Battles between Celestial Venerates were long and drawn-out. To the 100,000 great worlds, this was simply a disaster. When two Celestial Venerates fought, countless lives would be buried with them!
Celestial Venerate Qing Ling shrugged. "Old Patriarch, I'm here to deliver the message."
Old Patriarch …
As these words came out, many Celestial Venerables fell silent.
The Old Patriarch of the Demi-Immortal Tribe was a character on the same level as the leaders of humanity's three great influences – Empyrean Oracle, Empyrean Original Sin, Empyrean Thunder Law, the Demonnight Clan's Empyrean Thoughtless, and the demon race's Empyrean Demondawn.
These Celestial Venerables were also the only upper Empyreans in this universe.
Celestial Venerate Qing Ling didn't look at the expressions of these Celestial Venerables. He continued to say, "The second message is for Luo Zheng." After he finished speaking, he looked at the grain of sand and lightly said, "The Old Patriarch said that if you have time, you should make a trip to the clan. It would be best if it was before the Dream Realization Battlefield opens. The Old Patriarch has important matters to discuss with you."
After he finished speaking, Celestial Venerate Qing Ling glanced at the several Celestial Venerables present. Then, his figure turned into motes of light and vanished from everyone's sight. This fellow had actually left …
However, the temperament of the Demi-Immortal Tribe had always been like this. The Celestial Venerables present were already used to it.
The Old Patriarch said that they couldn't kill Luo Zheng, so they didn't kill him. It wasn't a big deal. The Old Patriarch of the Demi-Immortal Tribe had far too mysterious a background. In order to kill Luo Zheng, it wasn't a wise decision to provoke the Demi-Immortal Tribe. But, this didn't mean that the Celestial Venerables present were frightened.
It was just that these Celestial Venerables' goals were the Heaven's Mandate Crown and the immortal palace. As for Luo Zheng's life … they weren't interested in it to begin with.
But now, Yao's expression grew even more unsightly.
If they didn't kill Luo Zheng, how could they kill Xun?
The Demon Night Clan had always had a good relationship with the Demi-Immortal Tribe. Nearly a third of the Demon Night Clan's geniuses had gone through the Demi-Immortal Tribe's tests and trials before they'd made a name for themselves. Some returned to the Demon Night Clan, while the others remained in the Demi-Immortal Tribe …
If she killed Luo Zheng, the situation would become even more delicate. For a moment, Yao seemed to be caught in a dilemma.
"Hey, human brat, did you hear that? The Demi-Immortal Tribe will protect your life. If you obediently come out of the immortal palace, we'll spare you! If you don't come out, we'll sever the world's origin energy and trap you inside for a million years! You're a Divine Sea Realm cultivator with a lifespan of less than a hundred thousand years. Let's see how you deal with this! " One of the Celestial Venerables threatened. Although the Demi-Immortal Tribe had warned them, it wasn't easy for them to give up. They had an endless amount of time to waste on Luo Zheng.
"Heh heh, do you really think we'll be afraid of a single sentence from the Demi-Immortal Tribe?" Profound Demon Celestial Venerate sneered. "Let's see how long you can hide in there, human brat!"
However, as soon as the two Celestial Venerables finished speaking, Luo Zheng's expression turned cold. He turned to Afo and said, "I was a bit hesitant before. Since these fellows refuse to repent, I'll do as you say!"
Afo smiled faintly. "Master is too merciful. A few dead Celestial Venerables aren't worth mentioning, not to mention a few crowns of destiny. Things will only get more interesting from here on out."
As soon as he finished speaking, a streak of light shot out from the grain of sand. It was so fast that even the Celestial Venerables couldn't react in time!