This band of black and white light danced out in an instant. Its speed had already surpassed the limit of time!
By the time the Celestial Venerables reacted, the band of light had already linked the five of them together.
The Celestial Venerables present stared at the belt of light in a daze, as if they were still in a daze.
The band of light had been released from the pavilion at the center of the mansion. It was the Life Risking Melee that Luo Zheng had unintentionally triggered when he first ventured into the mansion!
Only one of the living beings linked by the band of light could survive!
"Does this Life Risking Melee also work on Celestial Venerables?" Luo Zheng asked, looking at the band of light outside the mansion. When Luo Zheng had entered the pavilion, he had been linked together with a group of Divine Illumination Realm cultivators. Divine Illumination Realm cultivators couldn't break free, but could it be that Celestial Venerables couldn't break free?
Afo smiled faintly. "Why wouldn't it work? They're mere Celestial Venerables, they've only borne a single strand of the Mandate of Heaven. They can't escape either! "
"Mere Celestial Venerables … they've only borne a single strand of the Mandate of Heaven …" Luo Zheng was speechless. From Afo's tone, it seemed he didn't take Celestial Venerables seriously at all.
"That's right. The Mandate of Heaven is nothing more than the laws of karma in the universe, the laws contained in the Life Risking Melee. Heh heh, if these Celestial Venerables can break free, then they'll be truly amazing …" Afo's expression was incomparably relaxed, as if he wasn't worried about the Life Risking Melee breaking free at all.
The five Celestial Venerables linked by the Life Risking Melee were Old Monster Darkdemon of the demon race, Celestial Venerate Broken Shadow of the demon race, Celestial Venerate Still Water of the demon race, and two other Celestial Venerables.
At this moment, these Celestial Venerables were indifferent, and Celestial Venerate Broken Shadow even smiled faintly. "This band of light seems to be a kind of restraint. I can feel that it's conveying some kind of intention."
"It wants us to fight each other, and only one can survive?" Old Monster Darkdemon froze for a moment, then a cold smile appeared on his face.
"How comical!" Celestial Venerate Still Water waved his hand lightly, and a ripple of water gently rippled. The ripple of water was about to cut the band of light.
However, when the water light passed by, the belt of light was still a belt of light, and the water light was still water light.
"Hmm?" Still Water frowned slightly.
The other Celestial Venerables also used their own methods, but this light belt that was only two fingers wide did not seem to be able to withstand any attacks. It continued to bind the five Celestial Venerables together!
The Celestial Venerables present also had strange expressions on their faces, but they still didn't take this belt of light seriously. In this universe, there were too few things that could threaten their lives. They were living beings that stood at the peak of all things! In the universe, other than Celestial Venerables and Celestial Venerables, there were only a few Super Divine Beasts that could threaten their lives.
But now, no matter what they did, this black and white belt of light still emitted a faint halo. There was no energy fluctuation transmitted, nor was there any reaction …
In the end, Old Monster Dark Demon was the Celestial Venerate with the longest lifespan. He was also the first Celestial Venerate to realize that something was wrong. His figure flashed as he tried to open up some distance, but the belt of light that bound him also extended with him …
Afo looked at Celestial Venerate Dark Demon in the sky and said indifferently, "The Life Extinguishing Melee binds an area of a hundred miles. He … can't leave that area."
A distance of a hundred miles was just a single step for an Celestial Venerate!
After Celestial Venerate Dark Demon rushed out a hundred miles, a strange scene occurred. A huge force suddenly appeared from the belt of light and dragged Celestial Venerate Dark Demon back.
Celestial Venerate Dark Demon's expression changed. He was well aware of how powerful he was. If he erupted with his full strength, he could easily shatter a star with a single punch.
But at this moment, no matter how much he struggled, he could not escape the range of a hundred miles!
After he was dragged back, he gathered his strength for a moment. Then, his eyes widened and an extremely terrifying power erupted from his body.
This power was enough to shatter half of a great world …
But after he rushed out of the range of a hundred miles, his fate was still to be dragged back!
Under this Life Extinguishing Melee, a hundred miles became the law of karma for these five Celestial Venerates. It was a law even more powerful than the law of karma. It was impossible to break free from it!
Seeing this, the remaining four Celestial Venerates who had been biding their time began to panic!
Celestial Venerate Broken Shadow, Celestial Venerate Still Water, and the other two Celestial Venerates also began to move in different directions!
The same scene occurred to the other four Celestial Venerates.
A hundred miles was like a pool of lightning. They were unable to take another step forward!
Huff huff …
The five Celestial Venerates gathered together once more. They could see the shock on each other's faces.
They had shouldered the Mandate of Heaven and represented the supreme law of karma in the universe. But this belt of light had already surpassed them, surpassing their understanding and imagination. Just what kind of power was this?
"If you want to undo this black and white belt of light, you five Celestial Venerates will have to kill each other. In the end … only one of you can survive." Luo Zheng's voice once again spread throughout the universe.
When Luo Zheng's voice spread out, it immediately shocked many creatures in the universe!
Now, the trillions of creatures in the universe roughly understood that many Celestial Venerates had besieged Luo Zheng …
Many martial artists were still sighing. What kind of person was this Luo Zheng? A mere Divine Sea Realm martial artist was able to attract so many Celestial Venerates to besiege him. If they could reach this step, even if they were killed by these Celestial Venerates, it would be worth it. How many people in the universe could do this?
But when they heard Luo Zheng's words, they were somewhat confused.
What did he mean?
Let the five Celestial Venerates kill each other? And … only one of them could survive?
How did this Luo Zheng do it?
In Misty Cloud Palace, when Yun Luo heard Luo Zheng's words, she immediately sucked in a deep breath of cold air!
Now that Luo Zheng was trapped, Yun Luo didn't do anything.
She never imagined that after sending Luo Zheng out to adventure, he would be able to find the Mandate of Heaven's Crown and provoke dozens of Celestial Venerates!
If these dozens of Celestial Venerates gathered together, they might be able to flatten the entire alliance she was in …
This was no longer a level that Yun Luo could meddle in. She couldn't help but sigh.
She had seen people that could stir up trouble, but she had never seen someone that could stir up so much trouble! If Luo Zheng had provoked some Divine Transformation realm powerhouse or even a World Lord powerhouse, she would have taken action without hesitation. But, the ones besieging Luo Zheng were Celestial Venerates, and dozens of them at that!
Now that she heard Luo Zheng's voice, Yun Luo was shocked once more. What did he mean?
Out of the five Celestial Venerates, only one could survive? He wanted to kill four Celestial Venerates at once?
How did this brat do this …
After Yun Luo cultivated the Million Spirit Multiplication Art, her heart was far stronger than an ordinary World Lord's. When one's martial arts reached the peak, cultivating the heart was even more important than cultivation. But at this time, her heart was like a raging tide, tumbling and tumbling, unable to calm down.
Yun Luo wasn't the only one that was shocked.
After Luo Zheng ascended, all those that heard of Luo Zheng's name were now filled with question marks.
For instance, Spirit Martial Holy Land's Hall Master Shen, Hall Master He, as well as the Holy Lord of Spirit Martial Holy Land …
For instance, Cloud Mist Heavenly Palace's geniuses, Xue Muyang, Ai Anxin, as well as Ai Hu and the others that were still in Asura Yin World …
Luo Zheng's terrifying talent was something that they could only look up to, but in the end, they still viewed Luo Zheng as a martial artist on the same level. As a Divine Sea realm martial artist, even if he was slightly stronger, they could still accept it.
How long had it been?
In just half a year … this Luo Zheng was already able to contend with Celestial Venerates? From his tone, it seemed he wanted to kill four Celestial Venerates?
Those were four Celestial Venerates!
There were only a few of them in the entire alliance …
"Luo Zheng, just what did he do?"
On a star in the Western Heaven Region, Ai Anxin stood at the polar region of the star. Purple ice crystals were scattered all around her, and it was hard to tell what her expression was.
This person that she once viewed as her greatest rival had already grown to such a degree?