This kind of conflict wasn't something ordinary cultivators could participate in.
Yun Luo wasn't qualified, and neither was Xiao Daolai …
Just because they weren't qualified didn't mean they weren't paying attention.
The three great factions of the human race — the Human Alliance, Gods Without Thought, and Ten Thousand Buddha Sacred Region — were all paying close attention.
The Fiend Night Clan, the Demon Race, the Heavenly Immortal Tribe, and the myriad races of the upper realm were also quietly watching …
It could be said that the entire universe was paying attention to this place. On this day, they would deeply remember a name, and the owner of that name was only a Divine Sea realm cultivator.
The five Heavenly Venerates' expressions gradually darkened.
The other Heavenly Venerates also didn't look too good when they saw the black and white belt of light. At the same time, they felt a faint sense of relief that they hadn't been caught up in the belt of light!
The situation in front of them had suddenly become troublesome!
Among the five Heavenly Venerates, only one could survive …
These five Heavenly Venerates were closely related to the other Heavenly Venerates. For example, Old Monster Dark Demon and Heavenly Venerate Profound Demon were from the same clan. If Old Monster Dark Demon made a move, Heavenly Venerate Profound Demon would definitely make a move as well.
If Heavenly Venerate Broken Shadow made a move, the Fiend Night Clan's Monarch Yao Yao wouldn't just stand by and watch …
If they really wanted to fight to the death, the price and involvement would probably become very large. It might even cause the entire universe to fall into chaos.
The problem was that they'd paid such a high price and gotten nothing in return. How could the Heavenly Venerates be willing to accept this just because they'd been tricked by Luo Zheng, a Divine Sea realm cultivator?
The Heavenly Venerates' thoughts raced. They didn't choose to make a move. Instead, they all looked at the grain of sand in unison. The black and white belt of light had shot out from this grain of sand.
Old Monster Dark Demon had a faint smile on his face. In a flash, he appeared in front of the grain of sand. He wanted to open his mouth, but he didn't know what to say …
As a Heavenly Venerate, Old Monster Dark Demon was in a difficult position to plead with a Divine Sea realm cultivator. After mulling it over for a while, Old Monster Dark Demon said, "Luo, Luo Zheng, is it?"
"Heavenly Venerate Dark Demon? What's the matter? "
Luo Zheng's faint voice resounded through the universe.
Old Monster Dark Demon raised his head to look into the deep skies. In his heart, he cursed 18 generations of Luo Zheng's ancestors. Was this brat afraid that the beings of the great worlds wouldn't know that he was begging him?
After all, life was more important than face.
The other four Empyreans also cautiously looked over. They wanted to see the result of the negotiation between Old Monster Dark Demon and Luo Zheng.
"What kind of desperate battle is this? I think we should just forget about it. Can you remove this black and white light?" Old Monster Dark Demon said to Luo Zheng in a negotiating tone.
The characters of the fiend race were originally arrogant and ruthless. Even ordinary martial artists found it hard to be so amiable, let alone an Empyrean level character? Old Monster Dark Demon had indeed thrown caution to the wind …
"Remove it? Haha … This Life Risking Battle was originally not under my control. Naturally, there is no way to remove it. "Luo Zheng responded again, his voice still resounding throughout the universe.
Before releasing the Life Risking Battle, Luo Zheng had once asked Afo whether this Life Risking Battle could be removed after it was released.
The answer he got was negative. Ah Fu then told Luo Zheng that this life-or-death battle was set up by his master. Unless he personally came, there was no way to remove it. Otherwise, only one person would be able to survive after being connected by the light belt.
Hearing Luo Zheng's answer, Old Monster Dark Demon took a deep breath. His complexion immediately became incomparably gloomy. "You mean …"
"Only one person can survive. No, only one Empyrean can survive. There is no other path." Luo Zheng's faint voice once again transmitted from the Heavenly Dao. The complexions of the other four Empyreans also sank. This answer was not the one they needed.
Empyrean Still Water's eyes already revealed a faint killing intent. If only one person could survive, then the only one who could survive was himself! In this situation, it was best to make the first move!
Of course, it wasn't just Empyrean Still Water who had killing intent in his heart. The other Empyreans were also the same …
The lives of Empyreans were too precious. They had endured to the peak of the martial way with great difficulty, and had finally shouldered the Mandate of Heaven with great difficulty. But now, they were actually killed by Luo Zheng. No one was willing to die like this.
If you want to die, then die. The one who survives must be me. These five Empyreans all had such thoughts in their hearts.
But they were still waiting …
After all, they only had a one in five chance of surviving. At this moment, they still wanted to confirm whether or not there was another way to break this Life Risking Battle. If there wasn't, then they could only make a move.
So at this moment, the atmosphere in the deep space below the middle Heaven Domain became very subtle!
Although Old Monster Dark Demon had a faint smile on his face as he communicated with Luo Zheng, he was actually also secretly vigilant. Once they made a move, he would still have the strength to protect himself.
"What if the five of us Empyreans stayed here?" After thinking for a moment, Old Monster Dark Demon proposed a second idea.
This black and white belt of light connected the many Empyreans, but it didn't disturb their minds. What if they lived in harmony with each other?
The lifespan of an Empyrean was unimaginably long. If they stayed here for over a million years, would this belt of light be able to bind them for another million years?
Hearing this question, Luo Zheng turned his eyes to Afo. After Afo explained to Luo Zheng, Luo Zheng activated his roar command once more …
"The color of this black and white belt of light is time. When the white color of this belt of light completely disappears and this belt of light completely turns black, then the five Empyreans … will all die!"
As Luo Zheng spoke, the eyes of the Empyreans gathered on this black and white belt of light once more. This belt of light was black and white, each occupying half of the area. But if one looked carefully, they could see that these two colors were quietly changing!
The white of the belt of light was slowly being eroded by the black!
At the beginning, the black and white of the belt of light were equally divided. But before long, the black color had already occupied 60% of the belt of light while the white color was constantly shrinking. Now, there was only 40% left.
"How long?" Old Monster Dark Demon asked again.
"Three hours …" Luo Zheng replied.
Whether or not this black belt of light could take the lives of the five Empyreans, no one could say for sure. But at the same time, no one was willing to take such a risk. So when Luo Zheng's voice fell, some Empyreans couldn't hold back and attacked!
The first to make a move was Still Water Celestial Master. A faint water ripple appeared on his body, and a faint water-colored halo appeared behind him. An extremely terrifying aura radiated from him!
"Whoosh!"
Empyrean Still Water's first target was actually Old Monster Dark Demon!
Empyrean Still Water made a move against Old Monster Dark Demon after careful consideration. He was a middle Empyrean and his strength was slightly stronger than the four Empyreans in front of him.
If there were only five Empyreans and no more than twenty Empyreans watching, his chances of winning would undoubtedly be the highest. But behind Old Monster Dark Demon was Empyrean Profound Demon. Empyrean Profound Demon was also a middle Empyrean and his strength was not any weaker than Empyrean Still Water.
Empyrean Still Water would face Old Monster Dark Demon sooner or later and Empyrean Profound Demon would definitely help him. Rather than leaving Old Monster Dark Demon to the end, he might as well kill him first. If he killed Old Monster Dark Demon with a thunderous momentum, Empyrean Profound Demon would also be enraged, but he might not attack!
So he chose Old Monster Dark Demon at the first moment.
"You!"
Among these Empyreans, Old Monster Dark Demon was most wary of Empyrean Still Water. He had a plan in mind. Once these Empyreans were almost done killing each other, Empyrean Profound Demon would attack together with him. This way, his chances of winning would be much higher!
But Old Monster Dark Demon didn't expect Empyrean Still Water to be like a madman and find him first. Naturally, his face was filled with shock and anger.
And when Empyrean Still Water moved, Empyrean Broken Shadow also attacked at the same time!
As for the remaining two Empyreans, they weren't slow either!
When Empyreans attacked, their might was terrifying!
When these Empyreans fought, just the aftershocks of their attacks were enough to shatter a great world.
Not to mention that they were still restricted within a range of a hundred miles.
"Rumble …"
Following an explosion that resounded throughout the middle heaven domain, the curtains to the life and death battle of the five Empyreans finally opened.
＝＝＝＝＝