When the battle began, nearly 20 Empyrean Exalts all retreated at the same time, afraid of being caught in the crossfire.
As for Yao, Profound Demon Empyrean, and the other Empyrean Exalts, not only did they not retreat, but they also charged forward …
Starting from the realm of Sector Lords, it was very difficult to determine a victor in a battle between fighters.
The reason was very simple, Sector Lords had basically all comprehended Space Shift. They might not be able to defeat their opponents, but escaping wasn't difficult.
With a single Space Shift, they would appear millions of miles away in the next instant!
There had been two Sector Lords who had chased after them for more than ten years, and they had practically covered over a hundred thousand great worlds …
As for Empyrean Exalts, it was even more ridiculous. It was possible to determine a victor in a spar between Empyrean Exalts, but if the other party wanted to escape, killing them was almost impossible!
Unless multiple Empyrean Exalts joined forces, or a few upper Empyrean Exalts with the strongest Karma Law!
But now …
The five Empyrean Exalts were trapped within a hundred mile radius of the battle.
No matter what method they used, be it Space Shift or Mystical Movement, they couldn't break free of the light binding them, nor could they leave the hundred mile radius.
Since the beginning of this Era Evolution, something like this had probably never happened before!
Therefore, the battle within this hundred mile radius was exceptionally fierce!
Luo Zheng and Xun stood in the immortal estate, quietly looking at the sky. The immortal estate was a grain of sand at the very center of the battle!
In the sky, all sorts of illusory colors and light flashed. Apart from that, nothing else could be seen …
Luo Zheng couldn't understand a battle of this level at all!
He could only roughly tell that the extremely profound water laws came from Still Water Empyrean, and that the figures being torn apart should be Yao Ye clan's Broken Shadow Empyrean, and that …
Even if he couldn't understand, even if he could only distinguish the power of laws, the balls of light in front of him still gave Luo Zheng a very strong shock.
As for Xun, she was very excited …
"Will Yao die here?" Xun said faintly.
If Yao died here, it would be a relief for Xun, even though Luo Zheng promised her that he would help her kill Yao.
She knew that Luo Zheng would definitely do something he had set his mind on. However, Xun did not want Luo Zheng to take the risk. She did not want Luo Zheng to take the risk.
She was the Queen of Slaughter, and her will had been tempered through slaughter. The Faith Energy she had absorbed was mainly about slaughter, and it contained the most primitive killing intent of the Yao Ye Clan. Yet now, she was slightly hesitant and even slightly indecisive.
It's a pity that the Life Ending Battle light belt didn't bring Yao into it …
This belt of light was set up by the owner of the immortal abode and was not controlled by anyone. It was completely an idea that Afo came up with on the spot, so it was normal that Yao was not included in it.
"Boom!"
Bang!
"Buzz buzz …"
All sorts of noises could be heard from the blazing light.
Space collapsed and was annihilated piece by piece …
The range of some of the aftershocks was unimaginable!
For example, the Light of Still Water Celestial Lord's' Light of Still Water 'was an arrow of light about three feet wide but infinitely long. Every time the Light of Still Water was released, it would extend infinitely toward both ends. One end would pierce the top of the deep space, all the way to the top of the universe, while the other end would pierce through the deep space and pierce into a large world. Who knows how many innocent creatures would suffer...
Another example was Empyrean Darkdemon's' Dark Star Fist '. Every time he punched out, a massive black hole would form in the air. When the black hole appeared, it would suck in all the surrounding energy, including light!
Every Empyrean was fighting to the limit!
But how tenacious were the vitality and defensive power of an Empyrean? Even after withstanding such a terrifying attack, not a single Empyrean died.
Two hours later …
The Heavenly Dao began to tremble once more …
The twenty-some Empyreans outside of the battle all looked up at the same time, shock and astonishment on their faces.
Although they couldn't see the situation clearly, they knew that an Empyrean had already fallen!
When an Empyrean died and the Mandate of Heaven lost its position, it would cause the Heavenly Dao to shake!
Not long after, a new Heaven's Will would turn into a crown and randomly appear in any corner of the universe.
One hour later …
The Heavenly Dao began to tremble once more …
"The second Empyrean has fallen." In the core Sacred Land of the Human Dao Alliance, Empyrean Cloudfox's eyes were filled with disbelief. The boy Cloudfall favored had really killed Empyreans, and he'd already killed two!
An incense stick of time later …
The Heavenly Dao shook once more …
The third Empyrean had fallen.
Less than half an incense stick of time later, the fourth Empyrean had also fallen!
An Empyrean could live for over a hundred million years. If they used some other methods, it wasn't too difficult for them to live for two hundred million or even three hundred million years.
It had been a long time since an Empyrean had fallen.
But today, in a short four hours, four Empyreans had fallen. They'd died from internal strife. Strictly speaking, they'd been killed by Luo Zheng!
Yao's legs were pressed together as she drifted through space.
Although her expression was calm, she was in a very sorry state …
Overusing the power of faith was actually a great blow to her body.
A crack two fingers wide had appeared on the Holy Lightning Chain Hammer in her hand, and the Vast Sky Armor she wore was also riddled with scars.
The breastplate on her chest was mostly cracked and the spikes on her shoulder armor were all broken. The boots that covered her legs were completely torn apart and there was a shocking wound on one side of her thigh. Blood flowed out from the wound and dripped down to her toes. Drop by drop, the blood dripped down. Before the blood fell into the Great World, it would be dried up by the wind and dissipate into the wind.
She'd done her best, but she hadn't been able to save Empyrean Broken Shadow.
In truth, Empyrean Broken Shadow was the third Empyrean to fall. After his death, Yao had left the center of the battlefield. The battle there was too fierce, and even she couldn't withstand the frenzied attacks of several Empyreans.
She'd personally come, but not only had she failed to kill Xun and obtain the Crown of Destiny, but she'd also lost Empyrean Broken Shadow's life.
From then on, the Fiend Night Clan had lost another Empyrean. The old president of the Council of Elders was dead, but losing another Empyrean had a huge impact. When she returned to the Fiend Night Clan, she'd likely be questioned by the other two Empyreans.
Yao exhaled deeply. At this moment, a strong sense of helplessness rose in her heart. That little ant called Luo Zheng and Xun were so close to her, but she couldn't do anything to them!
Could she only give up for now …
Yao was truly unwilling to give up.
She wasn't the only one who was unwilling to give up.
Four of the five Empyreans had fallen!