Among the five Celestial Venerables, the only one who survived was Celestial Venerable Still Water.
Even the surviving Celestial Venerable Still Water's aura was waning, and his face was as pale as paper.
As a middle Celestial Venerable, he might be slightly stronger than the other four Celestial Venerables, but in that kind of chaotic battle, his own strength was no longer important. The only reason he could survive was because of a trace of luck.
At this moment, Celestial Venerable Still Water looked at the grain of sand with lingering fear. He had to admit that Luo Zheng did have the capital to be arrogant, relying on this Immortal Mansion!
All the Celestial Venerables deliberately maintained a certain distance from the grain of sand, lest they be swept up by the dual-colored belt of light again.
Celestial Venerable Profound Demon's face was gloomy. Just now, in order to rescue Old Monster Dark Demon, he also rushed into the battle. Unfortunately, not only did he fail to save Old Monster Dark Demon's life, he also suffered heavy injuries.
However, unlike the other Empyreans, he did not stay far away from this grain of sand. Instead, he approached it alone. On that gloomy and cold face, there was a trace of a sneer. "What a great life and death battle. It truly has unimaginable power. However, with me here alone, I wonder what's the use of your life and death battle?"
Celestial Venerable Profound Demon was also probing.
He already knew that this Desperate Melee was just a formation that allowed bound beings to kill each other. This type of formation was not rare in the Upper Realm, and all the major races had them.
For example, a Hundred Spirits in One Formation. If over a hundred people stepped into it, only one could survive. Moreover, this person could absorb the flesh and blood of others to strengthen their own body. This was a formation used by the Demon Race to cultivate slaughterers. The only person who survived was an elite of the race!
Another example was the "Feast of Slaughter". This was a formation of the Upper Realm's Blood Spirit Race, and its effect was about the same as the Hundred Spirits in One Formation.
However, ordinary formations had no effect on Celestial Venerables or even Realm Lords.
Just now, even Celestial Venerables couldn't break free from the black and white belt of light. This was the most unbelievable part!
Looking at the overbearing Celestial Venerable Profound Demon, Luo Zheng's face revealed a faint smile.
"It's indeed useless. However, what's the use of you standing here? A dignified Celestial Venerable standing guard here all the time? "Luo Zheng retorted.
Celestial Venerable Profound Demon snorted. "There's no need for me to stand guard here....... of me.. Realm......... and I....... and I.....
... and.. and... and.. and.
This brat killed four Empyreans. This was a heinous crime. How could they tolerate it? . So.......... and, they let.
. if.......... was...... was. was.. had. was.... was. could... could.... could couldn couldn '''s' '..... was...... was.
...... was. was. one.... was............
Celestial Venerable Profound Demon's suggestion was seconded by many Celestial Venerables. After a brief discussion, they decided to send a Realm Lord from their respective clans to stand guard here.
Amongst everyone, the one with the strongest killing intent towards Luo Zheng was naturally Yao. She immediately summoned Tong Tong and Youyou Meng. The two of them had been thrown out by Old Monster Dark Demon, but they had not left. They had been maintaining a considerable distance from the Empyreans, observing the situation! They rushed over when they heard the King's summons.
They were the first to see the mini Immortal Mansion. After they forced Luo Zheng out of the Wheel of Samsara, Luo Zheng stepped into the mini Immortal Mansion.
However, at that time, the two of them didn't take the mini Immortal Mansion seriously. Since the two of them could break the Reincarnation Plate, they could also break the mini Immortal Mansion. Unfortunately, Old Monster Dark Devil beat them to it. At that time, the two of them were filled with despair and self-blame. After all, they couldn't complete the mission given to them by their king.
As the situation developed bit by bit, the two of them suddenly realized that the mini immortal mansion was a complete and utter trap. Not to mention the two of them, even the Celestial Venerables had been tricked by this immortal mansion! Four Celestial Venerables had died.
When they were summoned by Yao, Celestial Venerables were leaving.... These Celestial Venerables said that they would send a Realm Lord to stand guard when they returned to their clans.
However, their true intentions were as clear as day!
Sending a Realm Lord to guard the Immortal Mansion was a small matter. These Celestial Venerables had other goals.
Four Celestial Venerables had died today. It wouldn't be long before the Crown of Heaven's Will, which had disappeared along with the Celestial Venerables, appeared in a random corner of the universe.
Luo Zheng's mini Immortal Mansion only had one Crown of Heaven's Will. Moreover, the Crown of Heaven's Will didn't come from a legitimate source. After all, it was the 129th Crown of Heaven's Will in the universe. But now, there were four empty Crowns of Heaven's Will.
Four Crowns of Heaven's Will could create four Celestial Venerables. It was enough to change the fate of many clans.
Serene Dream and Cislars-cutting Eyes were also somewhat reluctant to be arranged here by Yao.
They were both Great Realm Lords. Their greatest dream was to become Celestial Venerables and obtain the Crown of Heaven's Will. Now that Yao had sent them here to guard Luo Zheng, they naturally wouldn't have a chance to fight for the Crown of Heaven's Will. Even in the Fiend Night Clan, there were thousands of Realm Lords who wanted to be bestowed the Crown of Heaven's Will. The two of them had the best chance.
Although they were unwilling, they couldn't disobey the King's orders.
After Yao made these arrangements, she left without saying a word.
This was a defeat she couldn't accept. In the first round of confrontation after Xun's return to the Upper Realm, she had lost a Celestial Venerate. And she hadn't even seen Xun's shadow!
When she returned to the Fiend Night Clan, she would likely be questioned by the Council of Elders. Even the other two Celestial Venerables would ask her about this. If she wanted to make up for her losses, the only way was to take back the Crown of Heaven's Will. The Fiend Night Clan had to get a share of the four Crowns of Heaven's Will!
All of the Celestial Venerables left in a few hours.
The Middle Heaven Region returned to silence once more.
Under the Wheel of Heavenly Dao, the universe was also silent …
Returning in defeat in front of a Divine Sea realm brat was an indescribable humiliation. No one was willing to use the Roar Command at this moment.
Serene Dream stood guard in front of the grain of sand. He didn't attempt to attack it. Even Celestial Venerables couldn't break through this spatial magic treasure, so Serene Dream couldn't either.
Just in case, Serene Dream even put a distance of several hundred miles between himself and Scissors. Otherwise, if a life-or-death battle of light swept over and engulfed the two of them, one of them would die.
At this moment, a faint luster appeared on the surface of the grain of sand. The originally slowly rotating grain of sand began to rotate rapidly, gradually unfolding and transforming into a palm-sized mini Immortal Mansion. The mini Immortal Mansion continued to expand, rapidly expanding and growing.
Serene Dream stared at the constantly changing Immortal Mansion until it returned to its original size. He looked at this divine artifact Immortal Mansion.
Both he and Scissors had extremely complicated looks in their eyes. They couldn't help but sigh inwardly. There was actually such a supreme treasure in this universe.
Whoosh …
When the Immortal Mansion returned to its original size, it continued to flee toward the north.
Serene Dream and Scissors exchanged a look from afar, then followed behind the Immortal Mansion. Their goal wasn't to destroy the Immortal Mansion, but to "trap" Luo Zheng in it. Wherever the Immortal Mansion went, they would follow!
Inside the Immortal Mansion, Luo Zheng had already entered a meditative state and began a new round of cultivation.
The power of the Immortal Mansion came from his master, the first Immortal Mansion Master. It wasn't his own power.
He couldn't stay in the Immortal Mansion forever like a coward.
However, Celestial Venerable Profound Demon's suggestion did cause some trouble for Luo Zheng. If they really sent Realm Lords to guard outside the Immortal Mansion, it would be tantamount to isolating Luo Zheng from the rest of the world. He wouldn't be able to take a single step out of the Immortal Mansion.
Luo Zheng couldn't think of a way to break the Immortal Mansion. If he left the Immortal Mansion now, he would be instantly killed by the two Realm Lords of the Fiend Night Clan. He could only let the Immortal Mansion move toward the North Horizon Region and take one step at a time.