"Hehe, I seem to have missed out on something interesting …"
It was the laughter of a young girl.
Luo Zheng had heard this voice before. The first time he used the Roar Command, this young girl had responded to him and even sang a beautiful ballad.
After that, this young girl seemed to have been silent for more than a year.
Unexpectedly, at this time, the young girl's voice once again resounded throughout the universe.
"It's nothing. I was just besieged by a bunch of Celestial Venerables," Luo Zheng replied using the Roar Command.
Besieged by a bunch of Celestial Venerables …
Luo Zheng's indifferent tone instantly left countless intelligent creatures in the universe speechless.
As for the Celestial Venerables who were rushing back to their clans, they all had indifferent expressions on their faces. They were naturally extremely angry at this moment, but so what if they were angry? They couldn't pull Luo Zheng out of that spatial magic treasure, so they were still helpless.
This guy not only had an indestructible spatial magic treasure, he also had an unlimited number of uses of the Roar Command. They couldn't do anything to Luo Zheng, but Luo Zheng could still shout all day long in the universe!
The Celestial Venerables felt sullen like they had never felt before!
"Amazing!" the mysterious girl praised.
"It's just so-so," Luo Zheng's voice was indifferent. After he finished speaking, he placed the Roar Command in front of him.
If it wasn't necessary, Luo Zheng wouldn't respond to this mysterious girl. He didn't have any connection with this mysterious girl, and the two of them had only communicated once through the Roar Command.
However, Luo Zheng understood that the Roar Command in this girl's hand should be the same as his own, and could be used infinitely.
Luo Zheng's Roar Command was passed down from his master, and it wasn't a product of this cycle of Heavenly Dao. The Roar Command in his hand was the same as the Immortal Mansion, a product that surpassed the Heavenly Dao!
Thus, Luo Zheng guessed that this mysterious girl wasn't someone from the universe …
She might also be an existence that surpassed the Heavenly Dao.
The only reason Luo Zheng wanted to communicate with her was to track down Luo Yan's whereabouts!
"Only average? This is a group of Celestial Exalts, the supreme existences of the universe. Let me see, without those few Heavenly Wills, hmm … the Heavenly Wills of Shadow, the Heavenly Wills of Darkness, the Heavenly Wills of Strength, and the Heavenly Wills of Earth, without those four … you're really amazing!"
When the mysterious young girl said this, all the Empyreans in the universe, including the unknown Sector Lords, changed their expressions!
The origin of this mysterious girl had always been a mystery …
Previously, when she was bored, she would only use the Roar Command to sing to trigger the Beast Tide.
In any case, many of the Empyreans knew that this mysterious girl's background was absolutely extraordinary. She was definitely a character that they couldn't afford to offend. But, they knew too little about her. Moreover, no Empyrean was so idle as to waste their Roaring Tokens on meaningless conversations with her. There weren't that many Roaring Tokens in the universe. At critical moments, there would never be enough Roaring Tokens.
But in front of them, this mysterious girl had casually pointed out these four Heavenly Wills. This had a completely different meaning!
To shoulder the Heavenly Wills was in truth to shoulder the Karma Laws of the universe. An Empyrean that shouldered the Karma Laws had absolute authority in this domain and controlled the limit of the Laws.
The Heavenly Wills of Shadow was the crown of Heavenly Wills that Empyrean Broken Shadow had shouldered. Thus, Empyrean Broken Shadow controlled the most powerful 'Shadow Division Technique' in the universe. In theory, he could infinitely divide his own shadow and fill the entire universe …
However, while this method could be used to exterminate an entire race or even slaughter a great world, it wasn't too useful to other Empyreans.
After all, no matter how many shadows there were, they couldn't compare to the strength of the main body. This couldn't be blamed on Empyrean Broken Shadow's own strength, but the Heavenly Wills he shouldered were relatively weak. For instance, in the battle between the five Empyreans just now, although Empyrean Broken Shadow had created countless shadows and was constantly moving through them, these shadows were drawn into the attacks of the other Empyreans just as they appeared and were completely annihilated.
As for the Heavenly Wills of Darkness, they controlled the limits of the Dark Laws. The Heavenly Wills of Rebirth and the Heavenly Wills of Earth each had their own wondrous uses, but in the end, they were still considered relatively weak Karma Laws.
After these four Empyreans perished, the Heavenly Wills were removed from the Heavenly Dao and transformed into four new crowns of Heavenly Wills.
Within these new crowns of Heavenly Wills, a new Heavenly Wills would be born, a new Karma Law.
And within these new crowns of Heavenly Wills, the Heavenly Wills would not be repeated. This new Karma Law might be a lower Karma Law, but it might also be a higher Karma Law!
If a World Overlord were to inherit a higher level Karma Law, then that World Overlord was likely to become the strongest upper level Empyrean in the universe. This possibility was far too terrifying. It could directly change the fate of an entire race …
The Demi-Immortal Race used this rule to rise from a first class race to a super first class race!
At the start, the Demi-Immortal Race had two Empyreans, but one of them had a Karma Law called the Heavenly Wills of Rebirth!
The Karma Law of Rebirth was able to bring the dead back to life.
This Karma Law couldn't be considered too formidable. After all, this Karma Law didn't have much of an effect in battle.
But at that time, an extremely powerful World Lord appeared within the Demi-Immortal Race. Within the Talent Pagoda, this World Lord obtained the title of 'Golden Demi-Immortal'. This World Lord had been waiting for the chance to shoulder the Heavenly Wills.
After waiting for nearly 200,000 years, an Empyrean finally perished. This World Lord had also been waiting for this chance. The Demi-Immortal Race seized the Heavenly Wills of Rebirth and allowed this World Lord to shoulder the Heavenly Wills of Rebirth. But the result was not satisfactory.
This was because what he received was a lower Karma Law. It belonged to the lower Karma Law category. In his entire life, he would only be a lower Empyrean …
Thus, the Demi-Immortal Race killed him.
Then, the Empyrean with the Heavenly Wills of Rebirth resurrected him.
After he died, the Heavenly Dao shook and the Heavenly Wills of Rebirth dissipated. After he was resurrected, he returned from an Empyrean to the World Lord realm.
Not long after, the dissipated Heavenly Wills of Rebirth appeared once more. It was captured by the Demi-Immortal Race once more and was used to shoulder the Heavenly Wills of Rebirth. But this World Lord was still not satisfied. The Heavenly Wills of Rebirth he received a lower Karma Law!
Killed again, resurrected again, shoulder the Heavenly Wills of Rebirth …
The Demi-Immortal Race took full advantage of this rule and 'spawned' all sorts of bizarre Heavenly Wills of Rebirth.
For example, there was the Heavenly Wills of Rebirth that could see through all souls. There was also the Heavenly Wills of Rebirth that could control the movements of the stars. There were all sorts of bizarre Heavenly Wills of Rebirth. There was even a Heavenly Wills of Rebirth that was the Heavenly Wills of Rebirth. With this Heavenly Wills of Rebirth, one's voice could be heard anywhere in the universe. There was no need to use the Writ of Rebirth. The Writ of Rebirth was a good thing, but for a grand Empyrean to only have this little use was a bit too much.
Most Heavenly Wills of Rebirth didn't have much use. Or rather, in the eyes of the Demi-Immortal Race, they didn't have much use.
After thirteen cycles, the Heavenly Wills of Rebirth disappeared thirteen times. On the thirteenth cycle, the Demi-Immortal Race finally spawned a higher Karma Law. It was the strongest Karma Law in the universe, and it allowed this World Lord to become an upper Empyrean!
In the end, he became the Clan Chief of the Demi-Immortal Race, and led them to this day ….
After the Demi-Immortal Race used this rule, other powerful races fought to imitate them. For example, the Devil Race, the Demon Race, and the Human Race all wanted to use this method to create an upper Empyrean.
Resurrecting the dead was difficult, but if a race paid a high price, they could do it. They just wouldn't do it as casually as the Demi-Immortals.
After the Human Clan's' Gods Without Thought 'obtained the Crown of Heaven's Will, they also elected a Realm Lord to carry the Heaven's Will and become an Empyrean. In a situation where they were not satisfied with the Heaven's Will, they killed the Realm Lord and resurrected him. In the end, they discovered that they could not resurrect the Realm Lord …
In addition to the Gods Have No Thoughts, the Devil Race and the Demon Race also did the same thing. In the end, they all came to the same conclusion: once a World Lord was killed, he couldn't be resurrected!
The same method, but the results were completely different!
After many Empyreans thought about it, they came to the same conclusion. It seemed that after the Demi-Immortals used this rule to 'cheat', the Heavenly Dao had changed its own rules so that this loophole no longer existed.
But this also pointed to a problem. The Heavenly Dao itself had its own thoughts, and it was constantly repairing itself.
Or, it could be said that there was someone managing the Heavenly Dao. When this person discovered this loophole, they changed the rules of the Heavenly Dao so that the Empyreans couldn't use this method to obtain the upper Karmic Law!
Who was this person? Where was he?
The answer had always been a mystery ….
But from what this mysterious young woman said, it seemed she knew the Heavenly Wills like the back of her hand!
Was she the manager of the Heavenly Dao?
When they combined this with the fact that her singing was able to cause a beast tide to erupt from a hundred thousand great worlds, as well as her unlimited use of the Roar Command, the Empyreans all came to the same conclusion.
Luo Zheng didn't know that the Heavenly Wills of Rebirth involved so many problems. It was only after Smoky explained the analysis to Luo Zheng that he realized what was going on!
If this mysterious young woman was the manager of the Heavenly Dao, he would have directly asked her … but before he could speak, the other Empyreans couldn't hold themselves back.
"Little girl, you weren't present at the scene, so how do you know which Empyreans died and which Heavenly Wills dissipated?" An Empyrean used the Roar Command to ask.
The mysterious young woman giggled. "Do you want to know?"
"Yes …" The Empyrean said.
"Don't worry, I won't tell you," the mysterious young woman replied. Then, she added, "You bunch of old fogies, you won't shamelessly beg me, right?"
As these words were spoken, the Empyreans scattered throughout the hundred thousand great worlds all revealed looks of anger. But in the end, they didn't act out. These young people were each more rude than the last, each more abnormal than the last. Whether it was Luo Zheng or this mysterious young woman, they were all existences that couldn't be provoked.
"Heh …" Hearing the mysterious young woman's answer, Luo Zheng faintly smiled.
"What are you laughing at?" The mysterious young woman turned her spearhead towards Luo Zheng.
Luo Zheng faintly smiled and said, "I'm not laughing at anything, but I have a request."
What Luo Zheng didn't expect was that before he could ask, the young woman spoke first. "You're looking for Luo Yan, right?"
This answer caused Luo Zheng's heart to beat several times faster. She seemed to know something!
"Yes, I'm looking for a woman called Luo Yan. Do you know of her existence?" Luo Zheng quietly asked. Although his voice was calm, he was actually very excited. Moreover, this excitement was difficult to conceal!
But the mysterious young woman's answer left Luo Zheng disappointed.
"I don't know. But last time in the universe, you said that you were looking for Luo Yan." The mysterious young woman seemed to sense Luo Zheng's emotions and her voice contained a hint of pride.
This time, not only were the Empyreans angry, but even Luo Zheng wanted to gnash his teeth at her …
Xun coldly snorted. She looked towards the deep sky and said, "Don't bother with her. She's just another idiot woman!"
Luo Zheng shrugged and prepared to put away the roaring token. He didn't expect that the mysterious young woman would speak again. "But I can help you ask around. But there's a condition!"
＝＝＝＝＝