Help me ask? Condition?
Luo Zheng's eyes flashed. Just as he was about to put away the Roaring Token, he froze.
Then, he grabbed the Roaring Token and activated it again!
"You can help me?" Luo Zheng asked excitedly.
"Mm, I'm just helping you ask … I can't guarantee that I can find this Luo Yan." The mysterious girl's voice rang out again.
"You said you have a condition. What is it?" Luo Zheng asked again, his tone a little nervous.
At this moment, Luo Zheng was weighing the pros and cons in his mind. What kind of condition would this mysterious girl ask for?
As long as it was within his power, Luo Zheng would do his best to do it. It was just that he could not leave the immortal estate right now. The mysterious girl had entrusted him with some matters, and he was afraid that he would not be able to complete them. This way, it would still be quite troublesome for Luo Zheng, but the method was still thought of by people. How could he easily give up when it involved Luo Yan?
The mysterious girl was silent for a while, then giggled. "My condition is to tell me a story. It's too boring to stay here!"
"Plop!"
Hearing this, Luo Zheng's forehead was directly pressed to the ground.
He slowly raised his head, not knowing whether to laugh or cry.
Xun shrugged again and said expressionlessly, "I already said, this is an idiot woman …"
Luo Zheng wasn't the only one who didn't know whether to laugh or cry. Naturally, there were more than a hundred Heavenly Venerables, hundreds of thousands of realm lords, and trillions of living beings in the universe.
"Using the Roaring Token to tell a story. Is there anything more extravagant than this in our universe?"
"I'm afraid only Luo Zheng can do this, right? Most Heavenly Venerables only have a hundred Roaring Tokens. I'm afraid that before the story is finished, the Roaring Token will be gone. "
"Indeed, she knows how to pick people. But how bored must this woman be to make such a request …"
The big and small races in the universe were also stunned by this woman's request!
What he didn't know was that this mysterious girl was indeed bored to death in the universe …
Luo Zheng rubbed his forehead and took a deep breath. Although this request was extremely ridiculous, he could still fulfill it.
No matter what this woman's identity was, since she had a way to help him find out the whereabouts of Luo Yan, let alone telling a story, even if it was a mountain of swords or a sea of flames, he would still rush forward without hesitation!
Others might find this request very difficult. After all, the number of Roaring Tokens was too rare. For Luo Zheng, this was not a difficult task.
This story had to be told …
He took a deep breath and prepared for a while.
Luo Zheng had read a lot of poetry and books. He had read a lot of rare books, such as "The Seven Heroes and Five Gallants" and "The Legend of Demons and Ghosts". Although it was a long time ago, he still remembered some of them.
Just as Luo Zheng was about to open his mouth, he frowned slightly. He could still remember some of the general contents of these stories, but it was still difficult to tell them from the beginning. After all, Luo Zheng had embarked on the path of martial arts after childhood. Even if he were to read books, he would not read those fabricated legends!
That's right …
In the blink of an eye, a smile appeared on Luo Zheng's face.
His own memories might not be reliable, but he still had the memories of the Vast Thousand Worlds!
In that mass of memories, there were all the memories of the Vast Thousand Worlds. In these memories, he could easily find some stories.
After a thought flashed through his mind, the memories of these stories were like a wave, gushing towards him in an endless stream. Moreover, there were a lot of stories that even Luo Zheng himself had never read or heard of.
In the Vast Thousand Worlds, the stories that circulated the most widely were naturally the stories that were most popular.
The name of this story was "Yue Nu Wang Qing". I'll choose this one!
Thus, Luo Zheng activated the Roaring Token and said, "If you can really help me find the whereabouts of Luo Yan, I will naturally tell you this story!"
"En," the mysterious girl responded faintly.
"A long time ago, there was a mountain called the Yue Nu Mountain. At the foot of the Yue Nu Mountain …"
This "Yue Nu Wang Qing" was a story that was widely circulated in the four Divine Kingdoms a thousand years ago. Luo Zheng had never read it before. Now, he recited it word by word according to the memories in his mind. His faint voice resounded throughout the entire universe.
Although Luo Zheng was telling the story to the mysterious girl, the creatures in the entire universe were naturally unable to avoid the sound of the Roaring Token. Thus, trillions of creatures had no choice but to listen to Luo Zheng's story …
A single person telling a story to all the creatures in the universe. Since ancient times, this was probably the first time such a thing had happened!
Luo Zheng recited the story bit by bit according to the memories in his mind. Gradually, he became immersed in the story …
In all fairness, this story was indeed very fascinating!
It told the story of a Yue Nu Wang Qing's husband who was framed by a scoundrel, and the Yue Nu Wang Qing's revenge story was very tight.
Just like this, Luo Zheng spoke for two hours. In these two hours, he had only told a small part of the story …
"Under the Yue Nu Wang Qing's sword, an unforeseen event suddenly occurred …"
When the story reached this point, it entered the most critical moment.
All the creatures in the universe passively listened to Luo Zheng's story. Perhaps some of them, because of their different cultures and languages, were unable to distinguish what Luo Zheng was saying.
However, the vast majority of creatures still listened to the story in their hearts. Not only ordinary mortals, but even Divine Sea Realm experts, World Lords, and many Heavenly Venerables stretched their necks to listen to Luo Zheng's story …
After this abrupt end, the universe returned to tranquility …
Luo Zheng didn't know that when he stopped, many creatures in the Hundred Thousand Great Worlds began to curse!
"Motherf * cker, the story stopped here halfway. Isn't this playing with us!"
"If you want to continue, then don't say it. If you want to say it, then finish it!"
"I don't have a Roaring Token. If I had a Roaring Token, I would definitely curse this guy …"
"It's just a made-up legend. Is there a need for all of you to be so excited?"
Luo Zheng stopped not because he couldn't continue, but because Mu Mingxue had left the Book Collection Pavilion and was walking towards Luo Zheng, asking him for advice on a cultivation problem.
The mysterious young girl was very patient and didn't rush him.
But after a while, another voice sounded out in the universe. "And then? What unforeseen event occurred with the Yue Nu Wang Qing's sword? "
This was the voice of an Empyrean …
After listening to half of the story, this Empyrean was unable to endure the itch in his heart. He actually used the Roaring Token to question Luo Zheng.
Empyreans were also mortals who had walked step by step to become Empyreans. They hadn't reached Divine Transformation yet, so although their mental states were much stronger than ordinary martial artists, this twisting and turning story was still able to move the strings in their hearts.
Hearing this Empyrean's question, Luo Zheng was also taken aback. Only then did he realize that there were other people besides the mysterious young girl listening to his story. Luo Zheng smiled slightly, "Wait a moment, I'll tell you the story later."
"Can you hurry up? Don't stop at such a critical moment!" Another Empyrean used the Roaring Token to urge Luo Zheng to tell the story.
"What are you dilly-dallying for …" The voices of several Empyreans resounded throughout the universe as they took turns to urge Luo Zheng.
"What are you all rushing for? This story was told to me by Luo Zheng. He can tell it whenever he wants to. What right do you all have to say?" The mysterious young girl actually spoke up for Luo Zheng.
Luo Zheng naturally couldn't be bothered to pay attention to the urging of these Empyreans. He calmly discussed with Mu Mingxue for about an hour before raising the Roaring Token again.
"Continue! After that unforeseen event, the Yue Nu Wang Qing also threw her life to the back of her mind … "
The story of "The Yue Nu Wang Qing" took six hours to recount. When it came to the extremely moving and tragic plot at the end, even Luo Zheng couldn't help but sigh in his heart. The cultivation and strength of the martial artists in the Vast Thousand Domains might not be enough, but to be able to write such a story, they were also people with great talent.