Many "listeners" in the universe were thinking about the story Luo Zheng was telling …
Of course, not all creatures liked to listen to these things.
Many warriors needed to cultivate in seclusion and couldn't be disturbed. When they reached a critical point in their cultivation, a single thought could cause them to go berserk.
The sound of the Roaring Command could be said to be pervasive in the universe. Whether it was deep underground or deep in the sky, it could be transmitted without any hindrance. This sound was irresistible.
Normally, it was fine for Empyreans to use Roaring Tokens. They didn't have many Roaring Tokens in their hands. It was possible that one Roaring Token would resound throughout the universe in a day, or it might be quiet for ten days to half a month. Even so, for some martial artists undergoing tribulation or breaking through bottlenecks, it was still a considerable risk.
But now …
Luo Zheng used the Roaring Command to tell a story, and it lasted for several hours.
It was quite a torture for these warriors.
Some warriors even gave up on cultivating, but in the end, they still felt resentment towards Luo Zheng.
However, these warriors might not be able to afford a Roaring Command in their lifetime. Even if they were angry, Luo Zheng couldn't hear them.
Not long after today's story, Luo Zheng heard a clanging sound behind him. He saw Refined God Zi rushing towards him at an extremely fast speed. In the blink of an eye, he used his claws to grab Luo Zheng's arms. He said in an extremely excited tone, "Luo Zheng …"
"What's the matter?" Luo Zheng's face revealed a strange expression.
"I, I …" Refined God Zi kept gesturing, as if he couldn't even speak clearly. After a while, he said, "Can you open the crafting workshop? The Book Immortal said you can do it! "
After opening the crafting workshop, he would have to go to the True Extinction Path again. Every time he passed a stage, Luo Zheng would be able to obtain a token.
Luo Zheng's cultivation and strength had improved a lot. He was confident that he could go one step further on the True Extinction Path, or even two more steps …
However, the tokens obtained by exploring the True Path of Extinction were randomly distributed. In addition to the Weapon Refining Workshop, there were also Alchemy Rooms, Cultivation Pagoda, and so on. Even Luo Zheng couldn't guarantee this.
Thus, he smiled faintly and said, "This time, when I return to the immortal residence, I will definitely explore the true path of extinction again. However, I cannot guarantee that I will be able to open the weapon workshop."
Hearing Luo Zheng's answer, Lian Shenzi sat down on the ground. Even though his expression couldn't be seen from his metal head, he looked very depressed.
"What's wrong? How much did you gain in the Book Collection Pavilion? "Luo Zheng asked.
Hearing Luo Zheng's question, Lian Shenzi suddenly stood up and said excitedly, "Yes! Oh my god … "
One sentence couldn't express Lian Shenzi's excitement. As a refiner of the previous universe, he was naturally a very conceited person, arrogant to the point of insanity.
At first, when he was reading the books on weapon refining, he didn't think much of it. The immortal residence was a miraculous thing but in Lian Shenzi's eyes, the owner of the immortal residence was too wasteful. Using great resources to pave the ground and build walls was like a cow chewing on peonies. The degree of waste was outrageous.
However, as he flipped through these books on the Dao of Weapon Refinement, he was immediately immersed in them and was unable to extricate himself.
Lian Shenzi himself was an extremely intelligent person. In the path of weapon refining, he had proposed many bold ideas. However, being able to propose these ideas didn't mean they could be realized.
When he flipped through these ancient books, he found that many of his ideas were actually real. Moreover, not only did the other party complete his ideas, but he also perfected them a lot more than what he had imagined …
After all, these books and inheritances came from outside the universe, above the Heavenly Dao!
When Refined God Zi came out of these books, he felt dizzy. He was so shocked that he couldn't even stand straight.
Because of this, his interest in the weapon refining workshop was even stronger. However, he couldn't enter the workshop, so he could only stare at it.
However, at this time, the immortal reminded Lian Shenzi that Luo Zheng could open the workshop. Hearing this, Lian Shenzi ran out ecstatically and begged Luo Zheng to open the workshop no matter what.
Luo Zheng didn't refuse Lian Shenzi's request. When he brought Lian Shenzi into the immortal residence, he also wanted him to take control of the workshop.
Luo Zheng had already passed two stages of the True Path of Extinction. Luo Zheng, who had broken through to the Divine Sea Realm, had broken through to the True Path of Extinction. However, Luo Zheng couldn't guarantee what kind of token he would get.
After some preparations, Afo led the way. Luo Zheng, Mu Mingxue, and Lian Shenzi followed closely behind. Naturally, Xun floated by Luo Zheng's side. They passed through the immortal residence's lobby and went straight to the True Path of Extinction.
When Luo Zheng first explored the True Path of Extinction, it was in the Lower Realm. At that time, Luo Zheng relied on the "Power Transfer", which allowed him to transmit power to any corner of the Great Thousand World.
It was also because of this that he passed the first two stages of the True Path of Extinction.
However, now that Luo Zheng had ascended to the Upper Realm, his connection with the Great Thousand World was weak. He could only rely on himself now.
However, Luo Zheng's strength was no longer the same as before. After his cultivation improved, his strength also increased greatly. Once again in this vast fog, Luo Zheng didn't hesitate and stepped into the True Path of Extinction.
Luo Zheng already had four tokens in his hand. They were the "Xun" token to pass through the immortal residence, the "Zhen" token to open the True Path of Extinction, the "Gen" token to enter the immortal residence, and the "Kan" token to open the library.
Since the Eight Diagrams were the tokens, there should be four more tokens left on the True Path of Extinction. They were the "Li" token to open the workshop, the "Dui" token to open the alchemy room, the "Kun" token to open the cultivation tower, and the "Qian" token to open the cultivation tower …
To be able to obtain that token, it was also dependent on luck. Afo also said that there was a certain possibility of obtaining a duplicate token on the True Path of Extinction.
"Whoosh, whoosh …"
As Luo Zheng slowly moved forward, the scenery around him gradually changed. Yin and Yang energies appeared again, entangling into human figures …
The Sacred Race …
A race with the same golden bloodline as the Demi-Immortal Clan.
Luo Zheng still didn't know what the connection between the two was, but the Sacred Race was indeed a perfect race.
These figures formed one after another, and the Sacred Race cultivators charged straight at Luo Zheng!
"Whoosh!"
Luo Zheng's eyes flashed with a sharp glint as he held the Thundergale Divine Sword in his hand. The sea of chaos within his body rippled as his strength began to surge like the tide!
During this pursuit, he relied on the Wheel of Samsara, the smoke, and the immortal residence …
As for Luo Zheng himself, he didn't contribute a single bit. Luo Zheng's cultivation was still too low, and he still needed to temper himself.
"Kill!"
With a light wave of his sword, dozens of ghostly shadows shot out from his sword. Each ghostly shadow charged towards the Sacred Race cultivators from different directions!
"Puff, puff, puff …"
When the phantoms closed in, they easily tore the Sacred Race cultivators to pieces, turning them into Yin and Yang energies that dissipated. Their efficiency was surprisingly high.
The beginning of the third stage of the True Path of Extinction wasn't difficult for Luo Zheng.
Just the phantoms alone were enough to tear the Sacred Race cultivators apart. Luo Zheng maintained a relatively high speed as he advanced.
But after about an incense stick's worth of time, the Sacred Race cultivators formed by Yin and Yang energies suddenly increased in strength. Almost all of them were at the late stage of the Divine Sea realm.
"Sacred Race elites?" Luo Zheng's eyes narrowed slightly.
These Divine Sea realm Sacred Race cultivators were clad in golden armor with exquisite patterns engraved on it. They held various divine artifacts in their hands, clearly different from the Sacred Race cultivators he encountered before.
The phantoms released various fist moves, but they were much less effective against the Sacred Race elites. On the contrary, the Sacred Race elites could easily tear the phantoms apart and then surround Luo Zheng.
Facing the first Sacred Race elite charging at him, Luo Zheng casually swung his Thundergale Divine Sword!
"Ding!"
A crisp sound rang out, and Luo Zheng's face revealed a look of surprise. His sword had been caught by the leading God Race elite with a trident!
He coldly snorted and gently flipped his longsword. The sword light was like lightning, circling around the Sacred Lord elite's neck. As golden blood spurted out, Luo Zheng's figure had already shuttled back a thousand feet …
＝＝＝＝＝