Luo Zheng's figure flew back and forth, and his sword light was like a wheel of light.
Although these Sacred Race elites had their own consciousness, and their moves weren't weak, Luo Zheng could still easily kill them.
In an incense stick's worth of time, he had walked through nearly half of the True Extinction Path!
Mu Mingxue, Lian Shenzi, Xun, and Afo stood at the starting point of the True Extinction Path, silently watching Luo Zheng's slaughter.
"In less than two years, master's cultivation speed isn't slow. Two years ago, master was only in the first layer of Life and Death realm." Afo commented. Two years ago, Luo Zheng had passed through the second section of the True Extinction Path without relying on his own strength.
Mu Mingxue secretly glanced at Afo. In two years, he had crossed a whole realm! Was this just not slow? This cultivation speed was already heaven-defying. In the past, she had spent an entire nation's worth of resources to break through to this realm …
Xun nodded indifferently, "It's indeed not slow, but it's still not enough. Isn't the Illusory Battlefield about to open? Before that, Luo Zheng still needs to improve his strength!"
As for Lian Shenzi, he stared at Luo Zheng without moving. He didn't care whether Luo Zheng had improved or not, or how much. All he cared about was the crafting workshop that he yearned for day and night!
Before long, all the Sacred Race elites had been wiped out by Luo Zheng ….
Strangely, the yin and yang Qi on both sides of the True Extinction Path didn't condense again, and Luo Zheng was running wildly on the True Extinction Path by himself.
"The third section's difficulty is this low?" Luo Zheng's face revealed a puzzled expression.
Luo Zheng naturally wouldn't let go of an opportunity to easily pass through the True Extinction Path. Since there was no resistance, Luo Zheng's speed increased a bit.
However, this situation didn't last long. Before long, the yin and yang Qi began to slowly flow and converge again. This time, all the yin and yang Qi converged at a single point, which then rapidly transformed into a human figure!
"He's here?" Looking at the figure, Luo Zheng's face turned solemn. The layout of the Path of True Extinction was both real and illusory. It was impossible for there to be such a flaw. This person must be very strong.
Not long after, the human figure became clearer and clearer. It was a young man in plain clothes. He was barefooted and did not have any weapons in his hands.
"Spirit Sea Realm? Early stage? "
Luo Zheng looked at him with a puzzled expression. This young man's cultivation was almost the same as his. Those Sacred Clan elites were all at the Spirit Sea Realm, and some of them were even at the later stage of the Spirit Sea Realm. Now, there was a warrior at the early stage of the Spirit Sea Realm, which confused Luo Zheng.
After the young man was fully formed, a strange smile suddenly appeared on his face, and then he began to run wildly!
"Whoosh …"
He was running on one side of the Real Dead End Path. As he sprinted forward, he approached Luo Zheng. His speed was even faster than Luo Zheng's.
"He's so fast?" Luo Zheng was slightly surprised. His grip on the Thunder and Wind Ghost Sword tightened. As long as this young man dared to approach, he would immediately kill him!
Ten zhang …
Fifty zhang …
Thirty zhang …
"Ghost Shadow!"
When the young man crossed the distance of thirty zhang, Luo Zheng's Thunder and Wind Ghost Sword gently swayed. Instantly, seven ghost shadows appeared and shot toward the young man behind him.
"Haha!"
A chuckle came from behind him. The young man jumped up and twisted his body slightly.
Somehow, Luo Zheng felt his vision blurred, and the young man easily dodged the seven ghost shadows.
"What kind of movement is this? So strange!" Luo Zheng's eyes flashed slightly. The Thunder and Wind Ghost Sword was about to chop down the young man's head.
At this moment, the young man said, "Wait, don't rush …"
As he spoke, he reached out his hand and flicked Luo Zheng's sword!
"Weng —"
It was also a light flick. The force was not great, but the sword in Luo Zheng's hand began to vibrate rapidly. It almost made Luo Zheng lose his grip!
As the power of dragon scales swarmed over, the vibration of the Thunder and Wind Ghost Sword was forcibly suppressed. Luo Zheng retreated a few steps, the tip of his sword pointed downwards. Facing the young man, his face revealed a look of vigilance.
The young man saw Luo Zheng so fast and suppressed the power of his "flick". He was also somewhat surprised. Then, a faint smile appeared on his face. He said to Luo Zheng, "You are the new master of this Immortal Mansion?"
"Who are you?" Luo Zheng frowned and asked. This guy in front of him was also formed by yin and yang qi. But he seemed very special. Not only was his strength extraordinary, but he actually came to talk to him?
"Me? Haha … "The young man laughed.
But at this moment, Afo's voice floated into the Real Dead End Path, "Xian An, he is your junior brother."
Junior brother …
Hearing Afo's words, Luo Zheng was slightly surprised. Master had taken in more than one disciple. This young man in front of him was master's other disciple? In other words, his senior brother?
The young man called Xian An's smile deepened, and he sized up Luo Zheng more carefully, "Haha, it seems that I was right to leave this wisp of soul here. I didn't expect master to take in a disciple in the end …"
As Xian An spoke, he seemed to have thought of something and suddenly said, "Wait! Since master is willing to take you in as a disciple, could it be that you have cultivated … the Secret Art of Primal Chaos? "He sized up Luo Zheng, his eyes revealing a look of disbelief.
The Master of the Immortal Mansion, for countless years, had only taken in two disciples. He also divided his life's unique skills into two parts and taught them separately. This Xian An should be Luo Zheng's second senior brother.
Xian An remembered master once said that after his two unique skills found their inheritors, he would not take in any more disciples in the future, unless there was someone with a physique suitable to cultivate the Secret Art of Primal Chaos. Master always kept his word. Since Luo Zheng had become master's third disciple, then this person in front of him must have cultivated the Secret Art of Primal Chaos!
Luo Zheng stared at this "second senior brother" indifferently. His face was indifferent, but in his mind, he was weighing their strength.
With Luo Zheng's current strength, it was difficult to find a match among the Divine Sea Realm warriors. But this person in front of him gave Luo Zheng a faint sense of danger.
"Answer me, junior brother! You really cultivated the Secret Art of Primal Chaos? "Xian An stared at Luo Zheng, still wearing a faint smile on his face.
"There's no need to tell you," Luo Zheng said indifferently.
Xian An smiled, put his hands together and squeezed them. He chuckled and walked slowly towards Luo Zheng. "Interesting, interesting. Master's new junior brother seems to be very arrogant … Although my body is just an illusion of Yin and Yang Qi, and although my cultivation is only at the Divine Sea Realm, I think junior brother shouldn't be able to get past me! If junior brother respectfully salutes me and dispels my doubts, I'll let you pass, okay? "
As he spoke, he was getting closer and closer. He was only a few feet away from Luo Zheng.
"This proposal sounds good," Luo Zheng smiled, "But … it's still necessary!"
After saying this, Luo Zheng's sword light suddenly flashed, and the Thunder and Wind Ghost Sword chopped down towards Xian An's head!
"Whoosh!"
"Ding!"
Xian An's feet were nailed to the ground. His body didn't move half a step, only slightly tilting his body. With a light sigh of his fingers, the Thunder and Wind Ghost Sword trembled violently and flew out of his hand!
Luo Zheng seemed to have expected this move. He didn't chase after his sword, but instead crossed his hands. The power of ten thousand dragon scales poured into his fists. The power of this punch was boundless, and he didn't hold back in the slightest as he smashed it towards Xian An!
"Hehe, junior brother, I'm a member of the Divine Race. In terms of strength, the difference between you and me is …"
"Bang!"
Xian An didn't put Luo Zheng's strength in his eyes at all. He laughed as he tried to receive Luo Zheng's fists. Moreover, he only used one hand.
Xian An couldn't be blamed for being arrogant. The Divine Race was originally a perfect race, the origin of all living creatures. Humans were just a type of race born from the Divine Race, inheriting one of the Divine Race's advantages …