"Puff!"
A mouthful of golden blood spurted out.
The Yin and Yang energies were very special. The creatures they transformed were no different from the real thing.
Xian An stretched out his hand to wipe off the golden blood at the corner of his mouth, and his gaze towards Luo Zheng revealed a strange expression.
"Master's foresight has always been very unique!" Xian An laughed as he got up. He stretched his body, "Those who can be accepted as disciples by Master are all dragons and phoenixes among men. Senior brother is also the same. However, junior brother, you shouldn't be my opponent. I'll give you one more chance. Come and bow to me, your second senior brother, and then..."
Before he could finish his words, Luo Zheng turned around. With a thought, the longsword shot back toward him. Luo Zheng held the longsword in his hand and shot along the True Path of Extinction. He couldn't be bothered to listen to this guy's chatter.
Looking at Luo Zheng's departing figure, Xian An's eyes widened. Then he moved his legs and madly chased after Luo Zheng!
Ever since he became Master's disciple, Xian An had been bullied by his senior brother...
Unlike Luo Zheng, Master was in the prime of his life. He wanted to find a successor for his two great techniques.
Senior brother became Master's disciple only a hundred years earlier than Xian An. Because of this difference of a hundred years, he had been bullied by his senior brother for countless years. Until now, he had not been able to turn the tables!
If this continued, the possibility of turning the tables in the future was extremely small!
Now that he had finally found a junior brother, how could he let him go?
If he came in person, he would naturally be suspected of bullying the weak. With Xian An's true strength, one look was enough to kill Luo Zheng.
However, the body formed by the Yin and Yang energies was just right for the Divine Sea Realm.
"Don't run! Junior brother! " Xian An suddenly jumped up. His strange figure flickered in the air. He easily overtook Luo Zheng and arrived in front of Luo Zheng.
"Get out of the way!"
Luo Zheng also jumped up. His arms circled around his side. His long sword fell slightly and then suddenly rose up.
In this sword strike, Luo Zheng's power was completely unleashed.
His situation was different from Xian An's, his only goal was to pass through the True Path of Extinction. Since Xian An wanted to find trouble with him, he could not be blamed for being ruthless!
Looking at Luo Zheng's sword, Xian An wore a calm smile on his face. Even though he was only at the initial stage of the Spirit Sea Realm, which was similar to Luo Zheng's cultivation, the difference between the two of them was too great …
"This sword is not bad at all! Master doesn't use a sword, so you must have comprehended it yourself, right? Under the Heavenly Dao … they are considered top-notch geniuses, hehe! "
Seeing the sword coming down on his head, Xian An still did not dodge. His hands crossed slightly, and it was the most common move, to meet the blade with bare hands!
A normal martial artist would be able to use this move if they were confident. But, this move required a perfect grasp of strength and the direction of the sword. It had to be precise to the extreme! If there was even the slightest mistake, both hands would be crippled …
Moreover, Luo Zheng was already a Spirit Sea Realm martial artist. Xian An had already recognized Luo Zheng's terrifying strength, but he still dared to snatch Luo Zheng's long sword with bare hands. He was extremely confident in his own strength!
The five feet long sword's edge pierced into Xian An's palms. The long sword went straight in, but its speed slowed down instantly.
One inch, five inches, nine inches, twelve inches …
When the long sword went in twelve inches, it was abruptly stuck between Xian An's palms. The tip of the sword stopped abruptly in front of Xian An's chest.
"Hehe," Xian An smiled, "With the cultivation of the initial stage of the Spirit Sea Realm, the strength you can unleash is comparable to the strength of a Peak God Realm warrior. Excellent, but far from enough!"
Luo Zheng's gaze sharpened. Not counting the Empyreans, World Lords, and those Peak God Realm warriors, this Xian An was indeed the strongest opponent he had ever faced in the same realm!
In the Human Dao Alliance, excluding those Empyrean descendants who lived in seclusion, Ai An was his strongest opponent. But Luo Zheng was still able to leave her far behind. But this Xian An's cultivation was also at the initial stage of the Spirit Sea Realm, yet he could snatch his sword with bare hands!
However, this battle wasn't fair at all. Xian An's strength had long since reached an unimaginable level. Even the Empyreans of the universe couldn't compare with him. For him to fight Luo Zheng like this was the same as a peerless powerhouse suppressing his strength to the same boundary to challenge Luo Zheng. Whether it was combat experience, strength, or comprehension of Laws, the disparity was far too great.
"Too much nonsense!"
Luo Zheng suddenly pulled out his longsword. After a swing, he once again stabbed at Xian An!
Xian An chuckled. Using the same method, he once again snatched the sword with bare hands. After clamping Luo Zheng's Thunder and Wind Divine Sword with both hands, his left and right palms gently rubbed together. The sword's hilt spun in Luo Zheng's hands!
Taking advantage of this opportunity, his ghostly figure approached Luo Zheng, and his shoulder suddenly collided.
"Bang!"
Under this collision, Luo Zheng was sent flying, but Xian An also retreated several steps. Once again, a look of surprise appeared on his face. "What a tough body!" He pinched his shoulder and let out a hiss. Then, he gently pinched it with his hand, and a crisp cracking sound rang out. The broken bone had been reconnected.
Then, he casually threw his longsword over, and it stuck in front of Luo Zheng. The sword's body shook incessantly. At the same time, he laughed, "What the hell, what is your body made of? It's actually so strong!"
How could Luo Zheng pay attention to this person?
In a physical confrontation, Luo Zheng had never been at a disadvantage, but under the collision just now, he was sent flying by this person!
This Sacred Clan … is really extraordinary. I originally thought that within the same realm, I was invincible. This Xian An's cultivation is only at the Divine Ocean Realm, but he can actually suppress me in the area I'm most proficient in …
He had also come to the same conclusion in his heart. The disciples that his master had taken in were indeed no small matter!
Luo Zheng naturally didn't know that the current Xian An had already surpassed the Heavenly Dao. Even if it was above the Heavenly Dao, he was still an all-powerful figure! Although he was in awe, he wouldn't accept his fate. In Luo Zheng's mind, there was no such thing as' accepting one's fate '.
He flipped over, pulled out the Thunder and Wind Divine Sword again, and rushed towards Xian An once more!
"Bang!"
The same move, the same method, the same result!
Luo Zheng fell to the ground once more, and the Thunder and Wind Divine Sword stabbed into the ground once more.
After Luo Zheng crawled up, Xian An smiled and said, "Junior Apprentice Brother, you should accept your fate. You aren't even 30 years old, and your Senior Apprentice Brother is someone who has lived for several epochs. If I really am defeated by you, then I've really seen a ghost. My many years of life have been wasted on a dog's body. No, even a dog that has lived for so many years can become a spirit …"
As he spoke halfway, he suddenly stopped.
At this moment, Luo Zheng's eyes suddenly became incomparably cold. A faint wisp of sword intent was attached to the Thunder and Wind Divine Sword, constantly swallowing in and out.
The terrifying aspect of the 'Yi God Sword' was that it was extremely powerful. After being sealed as an Empyrean, it could even injure a True Divinity!
But this wasn't the most terrifying aspect of the Yi God Sword. In the billions of years of the universe, countless geniuses had come up with countless wonderful martial skills. Among them, there was no lack of incomparably terrifying martial skills. When used in conjunction with an Empyrean's Mandate of Heaven, they might not be weaker than the Yi God Sword.
But when these heaven-defying martial skills were used, they either had to pay an enormous price or required an extremely long time to charge up!
When martial artists faced their enemies, they would take one step and break three steps. Martial skills that required a long time to charge up were also a major disadvantage …
But the Yi God Sword was very special. It didn't require charging up, and it could be used as one wished.
When Luo Zheng entered the state of severing his emotions, this sword suddenly shot out!
"You still dare to receive it head on?"
Just as his voice fell, Luo Zheng's sword had already arrived in front of Xian An.
Xian An could already see that Luo Zheng's sword was extraordinary, but as the Second Senior Apprentice Brother, how could he be afraid? He still stretched out his hands, intending to receive Luo Zheng's sword head on!
The sword was still received by Xian An!
But at the same time that he received Luo Zheng's sword, the sword intent left the sword and shot straight at him!
"Yi God Sword!"
This sword shot out explosively, capable of cutting the heavens, breaking through ten thousand Daos, and exterminating a True Divinity!