At this moment, the power contained within the sword intent caused his expression to change greatly, and he secretly complained in his heart.
Almost in an instant, he let go of the long sword in his hand, his body constantly leaning backwards, wanting to avoid this terrifying sword intent!
However, if this Sword of the God Yi Sword were to be used, it would contain an extreme amount of power that even Luo Zheng himself would not be able to control …
The sharp sword intent went straight for Xian An, entering his chest and coming out from his back without any pause. The golden blood bloomed like golden flowers, and then turned into black and white Yin and Yang Qi, gradually dissipating!
"You should've done this from the start!" Mu Mingxue watched from afar, her lips curled up as she let out a sigh of relief.
No matter how strong Luo Zheng was, in Mu Mingxue's heart, he was already undefeatable!
Luo Zheng couldn't fight against sector lords and empyrean level figures. But when did he ever lose to divine ocean realm and extreme god realm warriors?
Mu Mingxue's insight wasn't as good as Xun's, or even better than Refined Shenzi. Refined Shenzi was immersed in the art of refining, but he was also a sector lord back then.
Different heights meant different things. Refined Shenzi and Xun saw Xian An appear. Even though he was only divine ocean realm, he gave them a mysterious feeling. They also felt that Luo Zheng would be in trouble.
But how could Mu Mingxue see that?
She only saw this unarmed guy snatching Luo Zheng's sword two or three times, and Luo Zheng didn't even have the strength to fight back!
As she watched Luo Zheng suffer one setback after another, she was extremely nervous in her heart and hated Xian An as well. He called Luo Zheng Junior Brother but attacked so ruthlessly. This person was definitely not a good person.
However, it wasn't long before she saw Luo Zheng erupt with this shocking sword strike and injure Xian An, so she naturally felt happy in her heart …
Xian An's smile froze on his face!
Even though he was only divine ocean realm, how sharp was his insight?
The moment Luo Zheng's sword intent was released, he already knew that this sword intent was inherited from the emotion severing divine dao!
The emotion severing divine dao's specialty was to kill decisively. The moment the sword was used, all emotions would be removed …
But emotion severing divine dao could only touch the edge of divine dao after reaching sector lord realm! Even empyreans couldn't use it to the extreme. But Luo Zheng's sword seemed to contain a considerable amount of power!
Was this guy really only divine ocean realm?
Xian An even suspected that Luo Zheng was the reincarnation of a True God that possessed the memories and comprehensions of an entire lifetime!
Under Luo Zheng's sword, he glanced indifferently and a cold light appeared in his eyes again. His aura became cold again and it was difficult to feel a trace of warmth from his body. At the same time, on the edge of the Dark Thunder Wind Divine Sword, a wisp of constantly pulsing sword intent emitted a faint blue light.
He didn't give Xian An a chance, and the "Single Sword of God Yi" gathered a boundless force and shot towards Xian An …
"You … if you have something to say …"
Xian An used his hand to lightly pat the ground. His figure flashed and became erratic in Luo Zheng's eyes. It was as if he couldn't see clearly. He used his extremely strange escape technique to avoid Luo Zheng's sword!
"Pu!"
A few drops of golden blood dripped …
In the next moment, Xian An appeared beside Luo Zheng with a bitter smile on his face. "We can talk …" Before he finished, Xian An's expression changed again.
Luo Zheng snorted coldly. His eyes still flashed with cold light. Thunder Wind Ghost Sword drew an arc of sword light in the air. It was still God Yi's Sword, still had unparalleled speed, still had terrifying power.
Although Xian An's movement technique was extremely strange, he could only barely avoid his vitals each time!
God Yi's Sword could be called one of the most powerful sword techniques in the universe. Whether it was speed or power, it had reached the pinnacle of sword techniques.
If Xian An's original body was here, he wouldn't suffer any losses even if Luo Zheng attacked him tens of thousands of times. However, the current Xian An was only at the Divine Ocean Realm … dodging Luo Zheng's attacks was quite difficult!
"Pu!"
Another splash of golden blood bloomed on Xian An's leg. The wound was so deep that bone could be seen.
"I have something important to tell you. Can you stop … let's have a good talk!" Xian An's face revealed an anxious expression. However, his words had no effect on Luo Zheng! Now that Luo Zheng had entered the emotion-severing state, although he couldn't block all of his spiritual fluctuations, he wasn't interested in Xian An's nonsense.
"F * ck! This Primal Chaos Secret Technique is really abnormal … "Seeing that Luo Zheng was still attacking him with his sword, Xian An used his escape technique again to avoid Luo Zheng's God Yi's Sword …
Luo Zheng's God Yi's God Yi was indeed powerful, but Xian An didn't think much of it! What made him depressed was the Primal Chaos Secret Technique.
The reason was simple …
This God Yi's God Yi's sword technique had an extremely high requirement on the warrior's True Essence. The speed of True Essence consumption was outrageous!
A Divine Ocean Realm warrior who cultivated the True Essence system could only use it twice before having to stop to replenish his True Essence …
However, this guy in front of him didn't have True Essence in his body, but Primal Chaos Qi!
In his early years, Xian An heard his master mention that Primal Chaos Qi and True Essence were very similar in nature!
For example, True Essence could be visualized and materialized, while Primal Chaos Qi could materialize directly. True Essence could form a world inside the body and nurture life, while Primal Chaos Qi was the foundation of all things!
Because of this conjecture, his master hypothesized the Primal Chaos Secret Technique and was quite proud of it. This Primal Chaos Qi was thousands of times denser and denser than True Essence. Once cultivated, the Primal Chaos Qi inside the body would be thousands of times more than a warrior who cultivated the True Essence system!
Later, after he finished compiling the Primal Chaos Secret Technique, his master sighed and said that no one in the universe could cultivate this Primal Chaos Secret Technique. If he did meet such a person in the future, he would definitely take him as his third disciple …
Therefore, Luo Zheng was able to unleash strike after strike without any hesitation. He unleashed the "Single Sword of God Yi" without pause, while Xian An did not even have the time to speak. He could only flee like a rat.
Streaks of sword intent pierced through the Path of True Extinction. It was like an invisible saber, cutting countless cracks in the ground. Luo Zheng walked slowly, closing in on Xian An step by step …
Every time he stabbed out, there would be more golden blood on the ground, and more wounds would appear on Xian An's body!
Afo, who was watching the battle, was also surprised. As a "high level" puppet, his appearance wasn't much different from a human's. His expression was more colorful, but he said, "I didn't expect Xian An to be suppressed by Luo Zheng!"
Mu Mingxue looked at Afo curiously, thought for a while and said, "Isn't that normal? After all, Luo Zheng has weapons, that person … is unarmed and is only in the Divine Sea realm. "She wanted to say that Xian An, who was in the early stage of the Divine Sea realm, could fight Luo Zheng like this, which was already very good. But she was in the Immortal Abode and could faintly feel that this place was extraordinary, so she didn't want to refute Afo.
Afo smiled faintly, "You don't understand. Xian An has the blood of the Sacred Clan. Even in the Sacred Clan, he is a top existence. How can someone who was accepted as a disciple by master be weak? How can he be treated as an ordinary Divine Sea realm martial artist? "
The "master" that Afo mentioned was naturally Luo Zheng's master …
Xun, Lian Shenzi, and Mu Mingxue didn't know Xian An's background, but Afo knew very well!
As someone who surpassed the Heavenly Dao, the current Xian An, even in the world above the Heavenly Dao, could stand on his own. Even though he was only in the early stage of the Divine Sea realm, which was the same level as Luo Zheng, his strength should be much stronger than Luo Zheng!
But Afo was just expressing his feelings. If master knew that Luo Zheng had such strength, he would be very pleased. As for the battle on the Path of True Extinction, Afo naturally wouldn't stop it.
"Puff …"
Another stream of golden blood burst out!
More than half of Xian An's body was cut into pieces by Luo Zheng, turning into streams of Yin and Yang energy and gradually dissipating.
Only his head and the upper half of his body were left lying on the ground, but there was no room for him to dodge …
But Luo Zheng's attack slowed down. He walked in front of Xian An, squatted down and asked, "Speak, now we can talk."
＝＝＝＝＝