Luo Zheng's goal was to pass the third section of the True Extinction Path.
And this fellow was the one who had tried to snipe him in the third section …
Although Luo Zheng also believed that this fellow was his second senior-apprentice brother, Luo Zheng didn't hold back in the slightest.
This fellow was too strong. Once he was given a chance, Luo Zheng would likely be defeated by him!
Now that this' second senior-apprentice brother 'didn't have any room to resist, it was a good time to talk.
Looking at Luo Zheng's smiling face, Xian An rolled his eyes. He wasn't happy at all. "How can you treat your senior apprentice brother like this!"
He had been bullied by his elder senior-apprentice brother for countless years. Now that he had met a junior apprentice brother, he had thought that he would be able to turn things around. But now he was treated like this. How could Xian An not be depressed?
Luo Zheng had a faint smile on his face. "You want to talk about this?" As he spoke, Luo Zheng had already raised the Thunder Wind Ghost Divine Sword in his hand, as if he would cut down at any moment.
"No, it's not that …" Xian An was really depressed.
Luo Zheng paused for a moment before asking, "What do you want to talk about?"
"Aiya, your senior apprentice brother is doing this for your own good! Who told you to be my junior apprentice brother? "Xian An said, still depressed." If elder senior-apprentice brother knew of this, I'm afraid he would punish me again! "
Luo Zheng still looked at Xian An, not speaking.
"I saw that when you entered the immortal mansion, you only practiced the 'Primal Chaos Secret Arts'. Did the other cultivation methods come from the library?" Xian An asked.
Luo Zheng nodded. Although he didn't know how Xian An had seen through this, Luo Zheng really hadn't chosen any cultivation methods from the library.
The library contained all sorts of martial arts. Even transcendent divine mights weren't rare. Luo Zheng believed that the best cultivation method was the one that suited him. When he entered the library, besides the 'Primal Chaos Secret Arts', he had only searched for source Laws to meditate on …
"Aiya, what a waste! This is just guarding a mountain of treasure … "Xian An said, curling his lips.
"Your body is disappearing. Can you speak quickly?" Luo Zheng reminded him.
The Yin and Yang energies transformed into Xian An's body. Due to the severe damage, the small half of his body above his chest was slowly turning into Yin and Yang energies and dissipating …
Xian An himself did not mind at all and only said, "This wisp of my soul is unable to divine your fate! But if his master's disciple couldn't even cross the Heavenly Dao, then that would be a joke! But to be honest … if you only rely on your Emotion Severing Divine Dao, the difficulty of crossing the Heavenly Dao is still unimaginably great! Since Master isn't here, Senior Brother will guide you on behalf of Master! "
"His neck is about to disappear," Luo Zheng reminded him expressionlessly.
The small half of Xian An's body had almost completely dissipated. Even his neck was slowly dissipating, turning into Yin and Yang Qi.
"I know!" Xian An didn't know whether to laugh or cry. "I don't need you to remind me!"
"Then why are you spouting so much nonsense?" Luo Zheng said.
"…" Xian An fiercely glared at Luo Zheng, gnashing his teeth. Then, he said, "A long time ago, I heard Master mention that when combined with the Primal Chaos Secret Technique, there are some cultivation methods that can undergo a qualitative change. Since Master isn't here right now, I can recommend several cultivation methods to you. You can enter Immortal Mansion and choose from them. These basic cultivation methods are the Ten Thousand Laws Enemy Book, Thunder Calamity Annihilation, and Eight Song Flying Smoke …"
"These three are all transcendent divine mights?" Luo Zheng asked.
Xian An's face revealed a disdainful expression. "Transcendent divine mights? Only those fellows in this universe would dare to call themselves' transcendent '! Hehe … these aren't transcendent divine mights, so your Senior Brother can't say for sure. I only want to tell you that in the past, your Senior Brother also relied on these three cultivation methods to travel unhindered through the universe and cross the Heavenly Dao. As for you … although you are a bit lacking, you shouldn't be too far off! "
As he spoke to here, his entire head began to disappear. It turned into yin and yang energies, completely dissipating!
But just as it dissipated, a point of light appeared from the yin and yang energies. It circled around Luo Zheng, and then a consciousness entered into Luo Zheng's mind. "Work hard and climb up. Your Senior Brother will be waiting for you. Once you reach the top, I will have a good look at you! Hahaha … "
Then, the point of light began to rapidly rise, rising higher and higher until it reached the pink enchantment at the top of the Immortal Mansion. Then, it completely disappeared …
… …
… …
Above the Heavenly Dao, in the endless Divine Realm.
Within the dense fog, there was a glittering jade palace.
At the top of one of these jade palaces, there was a blue ox kneeling there. On the back of this blue ox sat a small boy.
This boy held a flute in his hand. He placed it near his mouth and was softly playing …
Not long after, in the distance, a figure rapidly leapt up from the jade palaces, waving towards the boy!
"Elder Senior-apprentice Brother! Elder Senior-apprentice Brother! "
The figure leapt up and landed on the jade palaces where the boy was!
"Boom!" A loud sound rang out. Even the tiles on the top of the jade palaces were smashed.
"Moo …"
Perhaps it had frightened the blue ox, which let out a dissatisfied cry of protest.
The boy put down the flute in his hand and stared at the person with an unfriendly gaze. He said coldly, "Junior Brother, why are you so flustered?"
"Hehe, Eldest Senior Brother, I have a Junior Brother!" The person laughed shamelessly.
Hearing this, the boy's face revealed an astonished expression. "Junior Brother? You mean … Master has found a suitable person to practice the Primal Chaos Secret Technique? "
"Yes! But … that guy is only at the Divine Ocean Realm. He's still struggling under the Heavenly Dao! "
The person who spoke was Xian An!
However, Xian An was only his nickname. His real name was Yu Shenfeng! Even in the endless Divine Realm, he was a well-known figure.
"Divine Ocean Realm …" The boy's face revealed a thoughtful expression. He pinched the flute at his waist, stretched out his fingers, and gently pinched! A mysterious halo of light spread out from his palm!
Even an Empyrean couldn't recklessly calculate the fate of someone in the universe … unless the person being divined was standing right in front of them. Only then could this calculation be completed. When the Crown of Heaven's Will was divined, it was because there were very few Crowns of Heaven's Will and there were very few variables that allowed them to calculate the specific location!
However, this boy was trying to calculate Luo Zheng's fate.
After the faint halo rose, it slowly rose. The boy's fingers kept pinching, but his face revealed a puzzled expression. He could not calculate it!
When the halo completely disappeared, the boy waved his hand again. Another halo spread out, and he continued to calculate!
"Eh …"
The boy's face revealed a surprised expression. "This person seems to be a Fateless One? I can't calculate his fate! "
"A Fateless One?" Xian An's expression changed slightly.
"Under the Heavenly Dao, there's nothing I can't calculate except for a Fateless One … Now, there's only one explanation." The boy stared at his fingers and frowned. Then, he coldly glared at Xian An and said, "You cultivate the Heavenly Eye Divine Ability. A strand of your soul can see through the fate. Since you met this junior brother in the Immortal Mansion, why didn't you investigate?"
"This …" Xian An's face revealed an innocent expression. "Eldest Senior Brother, I guided junior brother in choosing a cultivation method!"
"Useless fellow!" The boy gently patted the green ox. The green ox struggled a few times and stood up. "I'll go to the Forgotten Love Pavilion …"
After it finished speaking, the green bull moved its four hooves and soared into the sky.
At this time, Xian An slapped his head and said, "Eldest Senior Brother, there's one more thing. That guy seems to be walking the Emotion Severing Divine Path!"
"Emotion Severing Divine Path?" The boy turned his head and revealed a pondering expression. "Isn't he only at the Divine Sea Realm?"
Xian An shrugged. "I find it strange too. He comprehended a lot of the Emotion Severing Divine Path. My soul clone condensed to the Divine Sea Realm cultivation, but it was destroyed by his sword intent!"
"Really useless …" After speaking, the green ox carried the boy and quickly left.
Looking at the departing figure of his eldest senior brother, Xian An's face was gloomy. He sat down on the top of the jade pavilion and revealed a resentful expression …
For countless years, he had been despised by his eldest senior brother. He was already used to it.