Luo Zheng was running at full speed on the True Path of Extinction.
The second half of the third section of the True Path of Extinction was secretly changed by Xian An. Xian An himself was the only test.
Now that Luo Zheng had defeated him, the Yin and Yang energies no longer condensed. Without any resistance, Luo Zheng easily passed through the remaining section.
Not long after, Mu Mingxue, Refined Shenzi, and the others appeared in front of Luo Zheng.
After passing through the True Path of Extinction, a white light flashed in the sky and slowly descended. It was an immortal mansion token …
Luo Zheng and the others focused on the token, their eyes indifferent.
Refined Shenzi screamed, "Token! Is this the token to open the crafting workshop?! "
The one who was most concerned about the result of the True Path of Extinction this time was none other than Refined Shenzi …
Afo said indifferently, "Aside from the Qiankun and Qiankun tokens, the other six tokens are all possible. The Li token is needed to open the crafting workshop. There's only a one in six chance."
"One in six!" Refined Shenzi screamed. The probability wasn't too high, but it made him excited. His metal head kept shaking.
Luo Zheng's lips curled up. To Luo Zheng, as long as the token wasn't the same, it was fine …
As the token slowly descended, Luo Zheng reached out and caught it in his palm. He flipped the token over.
"What is this? What token is this?!" Refined God Zi waved his pair of sharp claws, dancing with joy, looking particularly excited.
Luo Zheng turned his hand, smiling as he pointed the token at Refined Shenzi. The front of the token was engraved with a big "Li" character.
"Hahahaha …" Refined Shenzi suddenly laughed wildly. "It really is the Li token! I, Refined Shenzi, am unstoppable. How can the heavens not follow my will … "
Mu Mingxue, Xun, and even Afo couldn't help but roll their eyes at Refined God …
This immortal mansion was an existence that surpassed the Heavenly Dao, something that was above the Heavens. It had nothing to do with Shenzi Shenzi's fate!
In terms of luck, this was Luo Zheng's luck.
After receiving the Li Writ, everyone moved back to the main courtyard of the Immortal Mansion. Following the path in the pavilion, Luo Zheng activated the Li Writ in his hand, and the door of the Equipment Refining Workshop was opened.
Luo Zheng was the first to step in, and Lian Shenzi impatiently followed behind Luo Zheng …
After entering the Equipment Refining Workshop, Luo Zheng looked around and his face revealed a look of surprise.
All sorts of materials were placed around the crafting workshop. There were stacks, piles, and all sorts of materials.
"These materials …" Luo Zheng saw a pile of wood not far away. The wood had been cut into inch-long blocks, and the strange thing was the growth rings on the wood. They looked like strange ghost heads.
Luo Zheng wasn't proficient in the art of refining. Although he felt a special power from the wood, he had no idea what it was.
He wasn't the only one. Mu Mingxue didn't know either. Xun's knowledge was much higher than Luo Zheng and Mu Mingxue's, but she didn't know what it was either …
He wanted to grab one, but before he could reach out, Shenzi Shenzi's sharp cry rang out.
"Stop!"
"Clang, clang …"
After screaming, Shenzi Shenzi quickly squeezed to Luo Zheng's side, then reached out his hand and said in a trembling voice, "This, this is … the Chaos Dead Spirit Wood!"
If time went back for a while, Shenzi Shenzi wouldn't be able to call out the wood's name …
During this time, Shenzi Shenzi Shenzi had been reading about the Chaos Dead Spirit Wood from the books in the library!
"What's the Chaos Dead Spirit Wood?" Luo Zheng asked.
Shenzi Shenzi continued in a trembling voice, "This tree has no bark or leaves! It only has a bare trunk! "
"How can it grow without bark or leaves …" Mu Mingxue asked curiously.
"Hahaha … I learned about the Chaos Dead Spirit Wood from the library. It's a legendary item! I didn't expect it to really exist!" Shenzi Shenzi said excitedly, "The Chaos Dead Spirit Wood relies on the countless souls buried beneath it to grow! Although it didn't have leaves or bark, it had roots that could absorb nutrients from the corpses. The Chaos Undead Spirit Wood grew at an extremely slow rate. For example, the Chaos Undead Spirit Wood in front of him would need at least three hundred million years to grow from the seedling stage! It also needs to absorb trillions of souls to survive. My god … This kind of tree really exists! "
The difficulty of growing the Chaos Dead Spirit Wood was beyond imagination …
Not only was it slow to grow, but it was also a very fragile tree that could only survive by absorbing souls. Therefore, it had to keep burying corpses beneath it!
It would be fine if it took a few hundred years. Some large races and holy lands could bury the corpses of their martial artists under the Chaos Dead Spirit Wood to become its food.
However, the Chaos Dead Spirit Wood in front of them needed hundreds of millions of years to grow …
What did hundreds of millions of years mean?
Even a Heavenly Venerable's lifespan was limited to that …
Moreover, there couldn't be any mishaps during these hundreds of millions of years. The slightest mishap would cause the Chaos Dead Spirit Wood to wither and die.
The difficulty of growing the Chaos Dead Spirit Wood was obvious.
Some time ago, Shenzi Shenzi found the records of the Chaos Dead Spirit Wood in the books. He didn't think it was possible for something like this to exist in this world. Even a Heavenly Venerable couldn't cultivate it. The slightest mishap during these hundreds of millions of years would result in a false hope!
But now, this pile of Chaos Dead Spirit Wood appeared in front of Shenzi Shenzi. Shenzi Shenzi was so excited that he couldn't believe his eyes!
Seeing the indifferent expressions of Luo Zheng and the others, Shenzi Shenzi impatiently explained the origin of the Chaos Dead Spirit Wood …
"But what's the use of this?" After Luo Zheng heard this, he looked at the piece of wood curiously. This Mixed Yuan Dead Souls Wood was indeed something with a great background. After hundreds of millions of years of careful care, it was impossible for something like this to appear in the universe.
Shenzi Shenzi laughed and proudly said, "This Chaos Dead Spirit Wood can burn the most perfect flame! Chaos Primordial True Flame! This is one of the most perfect flames! "
"The most perfect flame?" Luo Zheng's eyes flashed.
Now was the time for Refined Shenzi to show off. He was already more knowledgeable than the others when it came to crafting materials, not to mention that his knowledge had expanded by more than ten times after reading so many crafting books in the library.
"Yes, one of the three most perfect flames. The perfect flame here means that these three flames are the most suitable for weapon refinement!" Shenzi continued: "There are two other perfect flames outside of Chaos Primordial True Flame. One is Yang Spring Essence Flame and the other is Divine Flame … These two perfect flames can't be obtained so easily. Yang Spring Essence Flame is said to only exist in Yang Spring while the other Divine Flame is said to be born in a Divine Flame Cauldron!"
Luo Zheng wasn't interested in Shenzi Shenzi's display.
However, Luo Zheng's eyes flashed when Shenzi Shenzi mentioned the Divine Flame Cauldron.
The black flame in the Divine Flame Cauldron was a Divine Flame? One of the three perfect flames?
Lian Shenzi didn't notice Luo Zheng's strange look. He continued to talk about his knowledge, even though he didn't know much about it. He didn't have much time to learn …
However, Shenzi Shenzi's eyes suddenly fell on a cauldron not far away!
"Pa …"
He casually tossed the Chaos Origin Undead Spirit Wood in his hand, and then rushed toward the crafting furnace with clangs!
The cauldron was placed in a corner of the cauldron. It had a very unique design, thin at the bottom and thick at the top. It looked like a big wine pot, but at least it lacked the spout.
When Lianshenzi pounced on the furnace, he opened the side of the furnace and a rainbow light shot out. The furnace was still burning, and there was a red-hot sword embryo inside!