This sword embryo was a piece of star jade iron. When Refined God Zi's eyes fell on it, it was as if he was glued to it, unable to look away.
The sword embryo was a crude embryo, and after absorbing the flames of the furnace for countless years, it began to emit a rainbow light!
The process of refining was extremely complex.
There were many steps to the forging of a sword, and the higher the grade of the weapon, the more troublesome the refining process!
And the most important step was smelting!
There were many unimaginable materials in this world. For example, this "Star Jade Iron Essence" was taken from a type of star called the "Dark Star". This type of Dark Star was very small in size and did not emit light. Even finding a Dark Star was extremely difficult.
However, the matter on this dark star was extraordinarily heavy.
Often, a fingertip sized material would weigh as much as a hundred thousand mountains!
Such a heavy piece of material was almost indestructible …
If one obtained a piece of star jade iron, it would be difficult to even preserve it. After all, it was too heavy …
In the past, a peerless powerhouse had once taken a piece of Star Jade Iron from a dark star. But, there was no way to store Star Jade Iron. When this piece of Star Jade Iron fell to the ground, it directly penetrated through the ground, forming a small hole. And, the depth of this hole was unknown!
Storing star jade iron was indeed a big problem. Someone once tried to put this piece of star jade iron into Sumeru Space, but the terrifying weight instantly caused Sumeru Space to collapse.
But methods were thought of by people, and martial artists always had to overcome one problem after another!
Someone used a slightly weaker material to create a bracket. The star jade iron was placed at the top of this bracket, and then the bottom of the bracket was made of three hundred thousand giant logs. This rectangular base had eight million divine runes condensed on it …
The weight of the Star Jade Iron was supported by the brackets, and the brackets transferred the weight to the huge chassis. At the same time, 8 million divine runes were activated, and these divine runes were used to reduce the pressure from the upper part of the chassis!
Even so, when the star jade iron was placed on the bracket, the base still sank a few hundred feet into the ground due to the weight, forming a giant hole!
Only when all eight million divine inscriptions had been activated and formed a powerful force of ascension did the ground stop descending. Only then was this piece of Star Jade Iron supported …
But the eight million divine runes were constantly consuming Zhen Yuanyu. In order to keep this piece of star jade iron in the great world, every day it would consume ten thousand pieces of Zhen Yuanyu. In a year, it would be a huge expense!
And yet, this star jade iron was casually lying in the center of the furnace …
The weight of the star jade iron was exerted on the furnace, and the weight of the furnace was exerted on the ground. What kind of weight was this?
Refining Shenzi walked around the furnace a few times and explained the origin of the star jade iron!
Even Luo Zheng, Mu Mingxue, and Xun were shocked. Only Afo's expression was calm. Afo had seen this kind of thing too many times, so it wasn't surprising.
However, Luo Zheng was the current owner of the immortal mansion, so he naturally couldn't say such things.
"No wonder …" Luo Zheng also understood.
The star jade iron was placed here like an ordinary object. This meant that the entire immortal mansion's structure was sturdy to a degree that Luo Zheng couldn't imagine. No wonder the immortal mansion didn't budge even after a group of Celestial Venerables bombarded it for half a day outside!
After Refining Shenzi finished speaking, a frown appeared on his face. "This sword embryo has been here for countless years. With how heavy it is, I can't process it at all. I can't even move it at all, let alone forge it …"
Just a small piece of star jade iron was already unimaginably heavy. This sword embryo was four feet long, and it was so heavy that even a great realm wouldn't be able to bear it!
Luo Zheng deeply agreed with Refining Shenzi's words. At the same time, he smiled faintly. "Even if I can process it, I'm afraid I can't lift it …"
When Fu heard the conversation between the two of them, he walked towards a corner of the Weapon Forging Workshop and retrieved a pair of light green pliers.
It was a very common clamp, but since it appeared in a workshop, it was bound to be unusual.
For example, if an ordinary clamp made of metal touched the raging flames in the furnace, it would melt instantly. However, Afo placed the green clamp into the furnace and used it to hold the sword embryo firmly. He smiled. "You can give it a try."
Seeing this, Refined Shenzi reached out with his sharp claws. The body he had built for himself was for refining weapons. His claws were just enough to grab the end of the pliers. Then, Refined Shenzi tried to use the pliers to lift the body up.
The result was obvious. The sword embryo didn't budge at all!
It was as if it was embedded in the furnace and couldn't be moved by even a hair's distance!
Of course, the embedding was an illusion. It could only be said that the sword embryo was so heavy that it was impossible to measure its weight …
According to Refining Shenzi, a piece of star jade iron the size of a fingertip was as heavy as a hundred thousand mountains. This sword embryo was probably as heavy as ten million or even tens of millions of mountains!
If anyone could pick up this sword embryo, they would probably have the strength to lift up a "Boundless Universe"!
Refining Shenzi let go of the clamp and moved to the side.
Luo Zheng took the clamp from Refining Shenzi and looked at the four foot long sword embryo. Luo Zheng also clamped the clamp on the sword embryo. Then, his eyes narrowed slightly. All the dragon scales in his body were activated and surged towards his arms!
At this moment, Luo Zheng unleashed all of his strength. The muscles all over his body seemed to be inflated and inflated. His bones also made a faint sound …
"It still hasn't moved." Not far away, Mu Mingxue stared at the sword embryo and gently shook her head. No matter how strong Luo Zheng was, it was impossible for him to lift a Vast Thousand Domains. How could he move this sword embryo?
In the end, Luo Zheng could only let go of the clamp. With a helpless smile on his face, he returned the clamp to Afo.
Afo returned the clamp to its original position. When he returned to the crafting furnace, there was another clamp in his hand …
It was a pair of jet-black pliers, and there seemed to be lines on the surface of the pliers.
"This clamp, is it made of wood?" Luo Zheng showed a curious look on his face.
Everyone knew that fire and wood restrained each other. Even if the clamp was made of metal, it would probably melt instantly in the seven-colored flame. Wouldn't this clamp be burned instantly?
"Master, you can try it first." Afo smiled and said.
Luo Zheng nodded and reached out to take the clamp. His face suddenly changed. "Huh? This clamp … is weightless! "
Everything in this world had weight …
Even the air had weight. If the clouds floating in the sky were to condense together, they would turn into water, and the weight of the water would be equal to the weight of the clouds. Although paper and feathers were very light, they still had a certain amount of weight!
However, the caliper in Luo Zheng's hand was a little too light. In any case, when Luo Zheng held it in his hand, it didn't feel as light as a feather. Instead, he couldn't feel the weight of the caliper at all.
Afo continued to smile and said, "Master, you can try it with this clamp!"
Luo Zheng looked at the clamp curiously. But since Afo said so, he just looked at it for a while, then put the clamp into the furnace and clamped the sword embryo again!
When the clamp just clamped the sword embryo, a strange feeling was transmitted to Luo Zheng's hands …
It seemed that at this moment, the sword embryo itself also lost its weight! He controlled the clamp to lift it gently, and the sword embryo was lifted up by Luo Zheng as if it was weightless. At the same time, he pulled it out of the furnace!
The sword embryo was still flashing with seven-colored flames. This sword embryo was just a rough embryo. Its surface was bumpy, and it didn't look good. But no one doubted that after this sword was refined, it would definitely become a peerless weapon!
＝＝＝＝＝