Two strange lights began to shine from Refined Shenzi's head.
Even though his puppet body was very simple and crude, it was still able to express his emotions. Clearly, these two lights meant that he was very excited.
"Why, why is this happening?!"
That unimaginably heavy piece of Star Jade Iron, and such a large piece at that, was easily picked up by Luo Zheng!
This was completely beyond Refined Shenzi's imagination.
"Give it a try, you can do it too." Luo Zheng smiled at Refined Shenzi. Then, he handed the clamp over to Refined Shenzi.
Refined Shenzi took the clamp and found that it was as light as a feather. "Amazing! This clamp is amazing! "
Even though Refined Shenzi had high hopes for this place and knew that the items here would be extraordinary, this was still beyond his imagination.
He looked at the caliper in his hand from top to bottom. After looking at it for a long time, he couldn't see anything special about it. How could it turn something unimaginably heavy into something weightless?
"This pair of pliers is made from the Immeasurable Growth Stone. In theory, this pair of pliers can lift any heavy object," Fu said indifferently.
"Immeasurable Heaven's Will!" Fu's words elicited a strange cry from Shenzi.
Afo looked at Refined Shenzi in surprise. "What is immeasurable Destiny?"
"It's a Heaven's Will from the previous Evolution Era. The Immeasurable Heavenly Sovereign's Crown of Heaven's Will contains this Immeasurable Heaven's Will!"
The Immeasurable Destiny was actually a type of karmic law. The Immeasurable Heavenly Lord was able to lift almost anything, including the sun, moon, and stars.
"Oh." Afo said. Then, he turned to Luo Zheng. "Master, you don't need to worry about the weight of this sword. The Immeasurable Growth Stone should still be available in the workshop. Once the Starjade Iron is forged, all you need to do is make the Immeasurable Growth Stone into the hilt and you'll be able to wield the sword as you please …"
Luo Zheng nodded.
Judging from the materials alone, this sword is indestructible …
However, the actual strength of this sword would depend on Refined Shenzi …
"Hehe, hehe …"
Lian Shenzi was overjoyed. He held the pliers in his hand and skillfully manipulated the sword embryo!
"Clang!"
As he fiddled with it excitedly, he even threw it up lightly and released the clamp at the same time.
"Ah …" This scene gave Mu Mingxue a fright!
The sword was only four inches long, but it carried the weight of tens of millions of mountains. If it were to hit someone, that person would be turned into meat paste! This guy …
Lian Shenzi was very skilled. He waited until the sword embryo that weighed tens of millions of mountains flipped in the air before it fell to the ground. Then, he used the clamp to firmly hold the sword embryo in place! He, Shenzi Shenzi, had been immersed in the art of forging for hundreds of millions of years. How could he fail?
But when Lian Shenzi placed the sword in the furnace, he asked, "I can forge weapons with these pliers, but how do I process the Star Jade Iron?"
Ordinary hammers wouldn't be able to refine it …
However, Refined Shenzi knew that since the sword was here, there must be suitable tools in the workshop.
"Follow me." Afo smiled and led Luo Zheng, Refined Shenzi, and the others into the workshop's storeroom.
In addition to all kinds of tools, there were also countless rare materials neatly arranged. It was like a mountain of treasures. Refined Shenzi was dazzled by the items in the storeroom. He began to dance with joy …
The workshop was the best place for Refined Shenzi. Being able to enter this place was a blessing for both Luo Zheng and Refined Shenzi.
However, it would take some time for Refined Shenzi to take control of the workshop. The time to forge the sword wasn't on the agenda yet. Since he entered the workshop, he hadn't taken a single step out.
Luo Zheng, on the other hand, went back into the library.
After his second senior brother's yin and yang avatars were killed, he'd recommended three martial arts to him.
They were the 《Ten Thousand Laws Enemy》, 《Thunder Calamity》, and 《Eight Zigzags Flying Smoke》.
There were countless martial arts techniques in the library. Since his second senior brother had recommended them with great care, Luo Zheng would pay attention to them. Whether or not he wanted to cultivate them depended on whether they were suitable for him.
There were still sector lords outside the residence, guarding it anyway.
After the Celestial Venerables left, each of the major clans sent their own sector lords to follow the residence.
Of course, these sector lords still kept a considerable distance. After all, not even Celestial Venerables could escape from this battle. If multiple sector lords were caught in it, they wouldn't have a good ending.
Thus, Luo Zheng could only curl up in the residence and cultivate peacefully …
One month …
Two months …
Three months …
The residence continued to float in the boundless depths of space …
The universe quieted down.
During this time, many Celestial Venerables remained hidden.
Although they hadn't been able to obtain the Crown of Destiny in Luo Zheng's hands, now that four Celestial Venerables had fallen, four brand-new Crowns of Destiny would appear in the world once more.
Obtaining a Crown of Destiny was equivalent to having another Celestial Venerate in the clan. Many clans in the universe were planning to fight for the Crown of Destiny …
Six months later!
The Heavenly Dao shook …
The first Crown of Destiny appeared.
Seven months later, the Heavenly Dao shook once more …
The second Crown of Destiny appeared.
Eight months later, nine months later, the remaining two Crowns of Destiny appeared as well.
Surrounding these four Crowns of Destiny, the Fiend Night clan, demons, humans, and many other factions unleashed all of their abilities and engaged in fierce battles.
Only Celestial Venerables and sector lords could participate in a major event like the Crown of Destiny. The impact on martial artists below the realm lord level was negligible.
However, even though many Celestial Venerables fought fiercely over the four Crowns of Destiny, not a single Celestial Venerate died. In fact, only six Sector Lords died!
At the realm of Sector Lords, who had mastered the art of spatial teleportation, it was actually very difficult to kill them.
From this, one could see just how monstrous the Battle of Destiny was. It had only appeared once, but four Celestial Venerables had died …
Of the four Crowns of Destiny, the Gods of Thoughtless, led by Celestial Venerate Original Sin, had obtained two!
The other two had been taken by the Fiend Night clan and demons!
However, of the four Celestial Venerables, Celestial Venerate Broken Shadow had originally belonged to the Fiend Night clan. This time, he had taken back one of the Crown of Destiny, which could only be considered as making up for the Fiend Night clan's losses.
As for the demons, it was the same.
However, the Gods of Thoughtless hadn't lost a single Celestial Venerate last time. This time, they had obtained two more Crowns of Destiny, which greatly strengthened the Gods of Thoughtless!
The Gods of Thoughtless had originally been the largest of the three major factions of the human race. They controlled four thousand great worlds, and Celestial Venerate Original Sin was one of the few upper Celestial Venerates in the universe. His Destiny contained an extremely powerful law of karma. This time, Gods of Thoughtless had obtained two more Celestial Venerables. This caused the other races, including the Human Alliance and Ten Thousand Buddha Sacred Region, to worry …
Luo Zheng didn't know the situation in the outside world. During this time, he couldn't leave, so he went into seclusion to cultivate.
Time flew by …
One year …
Two years …
Three years …
Four years …
In the blink of an eye, five years had passed.
To most martial artists, five years was but the blink of an eye.
For example, Mu Mingxue's lifespan was far from being considered "young". However, to Luo Zheng, five years was equivalent to one-sixth of his life!
In these five years, Luo Zheng had undergone three major tribulations and successfully stepped into the mid-stage Divine Sea realm.
As for the World Tree, it was slowly taking shape in the Chaos Sea within Luo Zheng's body. A tree trunk had even emerged from the surface of the Chaos Sea …
On a certain day, five years later, the Heavenly Dao shook again.
This time, it wasn't the Crown of Destiny that had appeared. The Heavenly Dao carried one hundred and twenty-eight Crowns of Destiny, so there wouldn't be a new Crown of Destiny.
However, this time, the Heavenly Dao shook, and all living beings in the universe and the hundred thousand great worlds were paying close attention.