Strictly speaking, the opening of a Great Era in the universe was also the arrival of a crisis.
Before the crisis arrived, the Heavenly Dao had already sensed it, which was to bestow great fortune upon the geniuses of the universe!
This was the so-called fate of the Battle of the Great Era!
Those who possessed this fate would be the favored children of this era, and their fortune would be completely different from that of ordinary people!
However, the fate of the Battle of the Great Era didn't mean that they wouldn't fall. After this Great Era opened, the geniuses of the Battle of the Great Era would collide with each other and compete to determine the true protagonist of this era!
Legend had it that such a person would lead their race to the great crisis that was about to occur in the universe …
The opening of the Illusory Battlefield was to determine the strongest genius of this Great Era!
During these five years, apart from cultivating, Luo Zheng would also use the Roaring Command to tell stories …
However, the mysterious girl didn't have time every day. She seemed to spend most of her time sleeping and cultivating. Every year, she would wake up once or twice.
The first thing she did after waking up was to force Luo Zheng to tell her stories.
During this time, Luo Zheng also asked about Luo Yan.
She told Luo Zheng that she had already entrusted the matter of finding Luo Yan, but she didn't receive any response.
Although Luo Zheng was disappointed, he still didn't refuse her request to tell him stories.
Although Luo Zheng couldn't be sure, the world above the Heavenly Dao was still too illusory for him. Even the 128 Celestial Venerables didn't know anything about the world above the Heavenly Dao …
The only one who could help him was probably this mysterious girl alone!
After the Heavenly Dao shook this time, the mysterious girl woke up again. However, she didn't rush to ask Luo Zheng to tell her stories this time. Instead, she announced in an incomparably cold voice.
"The Illusory Battlefield has opened. This time, the Illusory Battlefield will take in all the Divine Sea Realm martial artists in the universe …"
After the mysterious girl finished speaking, the stars under the Heavenly Dao started to rotate at a speed visible to the naked eye!
Luo Zheng opens his eyes and sits on the square of Immortal Mansion …
"The Illusion Battlefield is an opportunity for you. If Luo Zheng gets a good ranking in the Illusion Battlefield, the Sector Lords guarding you outside will probably leave …" Xun also looked at the stars and said indifferently.
"I tricked their clan's Celestial Venerable to death, yet they still want to grit their teeth and leave? Even Yao would let go? "Luo Zheng asked. At this moment, Luo Zheng still hadn't realized what the Illusory Battlefield meant.
Xun smiled faintly. "Yao doesn't want to give up. Killing me is an unchangeable goal for her … However, at least on the surface, she should choose to give in!"
"I understand." Luo Zheng nodded.
Not long after, the stars in the sky became more and more dazzling.
Thin rays of light began to project down continuously ….
In the 100,000 great worlds, the total number of Divine Sea Realm martial artists added together was an astronomical number! Now, each light spot corresponded to a warrior of the Divine Sea Realm!
"Weng …"
A circular spot of light appeared in front of Luo Zheng. Without hesitation, Luo Zheng took a step forward and entered it. Then, he sat down on the spot.
At the same time, a circular light spot appeared in front of Mu Mingxue. Her face revealed a trace of doubt as she considered whether she should enter this light spot.
Xun glanced at Mu Mingxue. Although this girl's talent wasn't strong, she was very intelligent. She was also the only girl beside Luo Zheng that Xun didn't dislike. She said, "The Illusion Battlefield is actually a huge illusion space. There's no danger to your life, but for Divine Sea Realm martial artists, it's a cultivation opportunity that you can't miss!"
"Illusion space?"
Mu Mingxue had heard of illusion spaces before. However, she hadn't been in the Upper Realm for long and had never entered one. Hearing Xun mention it, she was still a bit confused.
However, Xun didn't want to say more. It was up to Mu Mingxue to decide whether she wanted to enter the Illusion Battlefield.
Mu Mingxue hesitated for a while. Since Xun said there was no danger in this illusion space and Luo Zheng had stepped into it, she chose to enter as well.
Countless light spots appeared around all the Divine Sea Realm martial artists …
In the Extreme Purple Realm …
This strange little realm didn't belong to the 100,000 great worlds.
At the top of the Indefinite Tower!
Xi Youqin sat on a huge sword.
In front of her, there were countless huge swords circling back and forth!
Compared to a few years ago, Xi Youqin's face had lost a touch of gentleness but had become more mature.
Under the light of the swords, her beautiful face was dazzling …
And her cultivation had already reached the Divine Sea Realm!
She raised her hand slightly and hundreds of thousands of huge swords rolled at the same time. Then, they gathered into a unique sword array and wrapped her in it!
At first glance, there was nothing special about this sword array, but when Xi Youqin stood up and casually flipped her hand, the aura of the entire sword array underwent an earth-shattering change … The entire sword array was now exuding an intense killing intent!
However, when she was controlling the sword array, there was a trace of loneliness on her face. Because of this, her gentle eyes were even colder.
Xi Youqin and Luo Zheng had been separated for seven years …
During these seven years, she was always thinking about Luo Zheng. During these seven years, she was also waiting for the Illusion Battlefield to descend.
Her master told her that when the Illusion Battlefield descended, Luo Zheng would definitely step into it. At that time, it would be the time for them to reunite.
But when would the Illusion Battlefield open?
Thinking of this, Xi Youqin, who was practicing the sword array, showed a trace of waning interest. She flipped her slender and delicate fingers and made a calm gesture. All the huge swords flipped at the same time and formed a flat surface above the Indefinite Tower. All the huge swords seemed to regard Xi Youqin as their king and submitted to her.
She sat down with her arms around her knees. Once the flood of longing started, it was hard to stop. Luo Zheng's clear and blurry figure kept floating in her eyes.
But at this time, Indefinite Old Man appeared behind Xi Youqin.
"Master …" Xi Youqin didn't turn around, but she already felt Indefinite Old Man's movements.
Indefinite Old Man walked toward Xi Youqin with a benevolent face and asked, "Youqin, what's wrong?"
"No, nothing …" Over the years, Xi Youqin had strengthened her martial heart and rarely complained. Even if she was depressed, she knew how to pretend.
But Indefinite Old Man smiled. "Are you thinking of Luo Zheng again?"
"No," Xi Youqin replied coolly.
"Yes, yes. Master has been through this before. How can I not understand your thoughts?" Indefinite Old Man smiled.
His words made Xi Youqin even sadder. She sniffled and said, "So what if I miss him … I don't know where he is!"
Indefinite Old Man placed his withered hand on Xi Youqin's shoulder and said with a smile, "Luo Zheng should have entered the Illusion Battlefield by now!"
"Eh?" Xi Youqin was taken aback. She raised her head and looked at Indefinite Old Man. "The Illusory Battlefield has opened?"
"Yes!"
"It's really opened!" Xi Youqin almost jumped to her feet.
Xi Youqin had been waiting for this day for a long time …
Indefinite Elder nodded affirmatively and said, "All warriors in the Spirit Sea Realm can enter the Illusionary Battlefield. Since you are in the Extreme Purple Realm, the light spot can't be projected here. So, after I take you out of the Extreme Purple Realm, you can enter the Illusionary Battlefield by yourself!"
"But Luo Zheng has also entered the Illusion Battlefield?" Xi Youqin was still unsure.
Indefinite Old Man smiled. "I'm not sure if he can enter the Illusion Battlefield now, but I'm sure he will! But … if you want to see Luo Zheng, you'll have to rely on your own strength! "
Xi Youqin looked extremely confident at Indefinite Old Man's words. "Yes! Master, I understand! I'll do my best in the Illusion Battlefield! "
Seeing Xi Youqin like this, Indefinite Old Man nodded in satisfaction. "Then I can rest assured. You're my most outstanding disciple and also the strongest Extreme Purple Yin Body. I hope you can succeed. Now, I'll take you out of the Extreme Purple Realm …"
Luo Zheng had used the Roar Command so many times in the universe. How could Indefinite Old Man, who often left the Extreme Purple Realm, not know about Luo Zheng's movements?
She even knew that Luo Zheng had been trapped in North Sky Region by the sector lords of the various clans …
But for Xi Youqin, she hid this news. If Xi Youqin was strong enough, she would naturally meet Luo Zheng in the Illusion Battlefield.