All of the young geniuses in the universe were rubbing their hands in anticipation of the Illusory Battlefield's opening.
All of the Empyrean Exalts and heirs of the Realm Lords were fully prepared!
Some of the supreme divine artifacts that had been hidden from the world had quietly changed hands as well. Perhaps these Divine Sea realm cultivators wouldn't be able to unleash the full power of their supreme divine artifacts, but they would be of great help to their own strength!
Gods No Thought, Ten Thousand Buddha Sacred Region, Human Dao Alliance, Demi-Immortal Tribe, Yao Night Clan, Demon Race, Giant Race, Shaye Clan …
All of the Divine Sea realm cultivators of the upper realms would enter the Illusory Battlefield within five days.
Among them were some Divine Sea realm cultivators who were in dire straits …
For them, this was a chance to change their fates.
For example, if a Divine Sea realm cultivator was trapped in a danger zone in a major world and couldn't escape for over a hundred years, he would just barely be able to keep himself alive.
However, under the light of the Heavenly Dao, he would be able to temporarily enter the light and avoid the danger before him!
The Illusory Battlefield worked the same way as the Illusory Space. Their true body wouldn't actually enter the Illusory Battlefield, only a projection of themselves would enter.
However, under the light of the Heavenly Dao's protection, no Divine Sea realm cultivator would have to worry about their true body's safety. That simple light represented the most fundamental laws of karma in the universe. Even Empyrean Exalts would find it difficult to break through.
In a certain core world of the Yao Night Clan, in the prison of a tenth rank sacred land …
A Yao Night Clan woman's hands were tied up and she was leaning against a giant copper pillar!
Above the prison, black raindrops dripped down from time to time.
These raindrops were extremely corrosive. When they fell on the floor, they would form large pits. When they fell on a human body, they would cause intense stimulation and corrode their flesh!
This was an extremely painful punishment of the Yao Night Clan. The cultivator bound to the pillar would often be riddled with holes, but even if the pain was unbearable, they couldn't choose to die. The pillar behind her had been personally imbued with the power of life by the Yao Night Clan's King of Life. After a day of punishment, the pillar would release a powerful surge of life force that would allow the Yao Night Clan woman to fully recover.
Day after day, year after year, the Yao Night Clan woman endured this punishment. Whether it was her body or soul, it was unimaginable torment ….
This woman was none other than Liu Yu.
Before he ascended, Liu Yu had also hesitated several times.
Even though she was from a lower realm, she knew that with her status and strength, getting involved in the struggle between kings was no different than asking for trouble.
It was just that Xun had suddenly descended, and she had no choice in how things developed.
After the great realm passageway was repaired, Liu Yu chose to ascend after much hesitation.
Yao, on the other hand, didn't forget about her …
The result was obvious. She had been locked up in this prison and had to endure cruel punishments and inhumane torture!
Over the past few years, she had also been able to hear Luo Zheng's voice resounding throughout the universe. Apart from being shocked, she was also secretly gratified.
This little fellow had already displayed all sorts of extraordinary abilities on the Sea God Continent. Now that he had ascended to the Higher Realm for only a few years, he was already able to command the entire universe.
If Luo Zheng knew about her situation, she might have a glimmer of hope to see the light of day again in the future.
However, Liu Yu was in the depths of this prison. It was impossible for her to pass on the news. How could Luo Zheng pay attention to her?
In this life, there was probably no hope.
If she had known that this would happen, she would rather cripple her own cultivation and live a peaceful life in the Heavenly Feather Holy Land. It was much better than ascending to the Higher Realm.
Liu Yu finally passed her days in despair.
However, on this day, she heard that voice. It was the voice of that mysterious girl.
This mysterious girl seemed to be an important figure in the Higher Realm. Liu Yu could also sense that some Celestial Venerables were very wary of this mysterious girl.
However, this mysterious girl had been pestering Luo Zheng, asking Luo Zheng to tell her stories.
Those stories were quite interesting. When she was being tortured, no one could communicate with her all day long. Sometimes, she would hear Luo Zheng tell her stories, which became a small sustenance in her spirit.
"The Illusory Battlefield has opened. What does this mean?" Liu Yu lowered her head and pondered. Her talent might be much stronger than Mu Mingxue's, but after ascending, she was bound in this prison. Her knowledge was far inferior to Mu Mingxue's.
However, not long after, a light spot appeared in front of Liu Yu.
"What kind of light spot is this?" Liu Yu's face revealed a trace of confusion.
It was only after the mysterious girl finished speaking that Liu Yu came to a realization …
This light spot was the entrance to the Illusory Battlefield …
All Divine Ocean Realm martial artists could enter the Illusory Battlefield!
Then, could she also enter? Liu Yu's originally slack eyes condensed a light spot!
This was an opportunity, an opportunity bestowed to her by the Heavenly Dao!
With Liu Yu's perseverance, she couldn't watch this opportunity slip away from her hands!
With this thought, Liu Yu struggled to move towards that light spot!
That light spot was only a step away from Liu Yu. However, her hands were tied to the copper pillar, so her range of movement was very limited. She did her best to close her legs together and inch towards that light spot.
Not long after, Liu Yu's toes touched the edge of the light spot.
"Just a little bit more." Liu Yu gritted her teeth.
She exerted all her strength and continued to struggle forward!
Just at this moment, a drop of black raindrop fell on her snow-white thigh.
"Sizzle —"
With a white smoke rising, that drop of black raindrop boiled on its own, constantly corroding Liu Yu's flesh. Not long after, it formed a small pit on Liu Yu's thigh.
Facing this kind of pain, Liu Yu didn't even make a sound. The punishment of these five or six years had already made Liu Yu very troublesome. Once, half of her body was corroded. In the end, she relied on the copper pillar behind her to slowly recover her body!
"Just a little bit more!"
Liu Yu didn't have any room to retreat now. She had to seize this opportunity no matter what!
Her entire body was stretched as straight as a pencil, and her legs were stretched to the limit as far as possible …
Finally, she stepped into the circle of light with her feet!
In the next moment, Liu Yu's entire body was pulled over by a force and firmly fixed on the light spot. Then, her consciousness became empty and she began to immerse herself in darkness.
Five days was a preparation period given by the Heavenly Axiom for many warriors in the Upper Realm.
After these five days, all the warriors who entered in advance were in darkness. They couldn't move, couldn't see, and couldn't leave the light spot …
It was also during these five days that all the Illusory Spaces in the entire universe had strange changes!
Illusory Spaces were not uncommon in the universe. Every major sect, holy land, and race had built their own Illusory Spaces for warriors to cultivate and learn from each other!
However, after the Illusory Battlefield opened, all the Illusory Spaces were completely locked and couldn't be entered.
At the same time, a pyramid began to appear above each Illusory Space …
It was a giant pyramid formed by names!
On this pyramid were the names of all the Divine Sea realm martial artists in the entire universe's 100,000 great worlds. And, the number of names was rapidly increasing …
In the universe, there were 128 Empyreans, over 200,000 World Lords, hundreds of millions of Divine Transformation realm powerhouses, and over 100 billion Divine Extreme realm powerhouses!
As for Divine Sea realm martial artists, they were counted in the hundreds of millions, in other words, trillions!
Out of curiosity, the beings of the Hundred Thousand Great Realms continued to investigate.
Currently, the Illusory Battlefield had yet to officially open and the names on the pyramid weren't ranked in order. Now, all the names were gathered at the bottom of the pyramid. Wanting to find a martial artist's name was no different from looking for a needle in a haystack …
However, all the races, Empyreans, and World Lords had already cast their gazes towards the pyramids of their own races. They hoped to see the names of the geniuses of their races appear at the top of the pyramid!
In these five days, the number of names on the pyramid continued to rapidly rise. More and more Divine Sea realm martial artists entered the Illusory Battlefield.
Luo Zheng sat on the ground, his eyes closed in meditation.
60 hours, five days and five nights later …
As a cold voice sounded in his ears, he suddenly opened his eyes.
＝＝＝＝＝