When Luo Zheng suddenly opened his eyes, the entire world had undergone an earth-shattering change in an instant.
His projection had entered another world, a gigantic Dream Realization Space …
Such a gigantic Dream Realization Space was equivalent to 50 big worlds!
In fact, this Dream Realization Space was divided into 50 parts, which were 50 big worlds. The trillions of warriors were scattered in these 50 big worlds.
Luo Zheng was assigned to a big city in one of the big worlds. At this moment, the big city was crowded with warriors of various races, all of whom were at the Divine Sea Realm!
After getting up, Luo Zheng looked around at the surrounding scenery.
The Illusory Battlefield was extremely realistic. It could even be said that this space was originally a real world. It was just that during normal times, the Illusory Battlefield was in a sealed state. Only when it opened would cultivators be able to enter.
The city in front of him didn't seem to be a human city.
All the buildings were black and red. In the cracks of the buildings, there was a faint red light constantly flowing. It was as if the stone used in these buildings was wrapped in a layer of flowing magma …
"A city of the Demon Clan?" Luo Zheng's eyes flashed slightly.
The trillions of warriors of the 100,000 big worlds were assigned to this Illusory Battlefield according to a certain pattern …
Luo Zheng was in the North Sky Region. His position was relatively close to the Demon Clan, so he might have been assigned to the Demon Clan by accident.
As far as the eye could see, most of the surrounding cultivators were tall and sturdy Demon Race cultivators. Only a small number of Human Race cultivators and other races were present.
When these Demon Race cultivators and Luo Zheng's eyes met, they also revealed unfriendly gazes.
Luo Zheng didn't care about these gazes at all.
It didn't matter which area he was assigned to.
The competition in the Illusory Battlefield was for the young masters of the entire universe. In other words, each person would have to face trillions of opponents!
Trillions, trillions. When facing trillions of Divine Sea Realm warriors, it didn't matter whether the opponent was a human, a demon, or another race. What mattered was whether he could climb to the peak of this Illusory Battlefield.
Luo Zheng thought so, but the other human warriors didn't think so. The human warriors assigned to this city all frowned and were extremely depressed.
Some of them were relatively close to the territory of the Devil Race. For example, the Holy Land of the Human Race in the Yin Luo Realm might be assigned to the Human Race or the Devil Race.
However, there were also some martial artists from the Human World who were unintentionally assigned to this place. This sort of assignment had a certain degree of randomness to it, so they were rather unlucky.
In truth, when facing martial artists of the same race, there was also competition. Since this place was called a battlefield, then everyone was their own opponent. Race wasn't important in the Illusory Battlefield.
The Illusory Battlefield had just opened. All the races were very curious about this new world and were constantly observing it …
Not long after, a cold voice rang out.
"Flying and fighting are prohibited in all major cities. Those who violate the rules will die immediately … There are still four hours before the city gates open!" This voice belonged to the mysterious girl. After the Illusory Battlefield opened, she seemed to have changed into a different person. Her words became extremely cold. She softly explained the rules of the Illusory Battlefield without a trace of emotion.
The rules of the Illusory Battlefield were very important. Luo Zheng focused on memorizing the rules word by word.
As soon as the mysterious girl's voice faded away, they heard a rough voice …
"All the human warriors, get your ass over here!"
Not far in front of Luo Zheng, hundreds of Devil Race warriors gathered together like a small mountain, encircling the warriors of the other races!
In this area, besides Luo Zheng, there were more than ten human warriors gathered together. Hearing the rough voice, the human warriors revealed a trace of fear on their faces …
Fighting was prohibited in the city. Logically speaking, these Devil Race warriors wouldn't dare to fight in the city!
But these human warriors, after thinking for a while, actually behaved very obediently. They followed the orders of the Devil Race warrior and walked over.
Luo Zheng's face revealed a trace of indifference. He turned a deaf ear to the Devil Race warrior's words.
"Why don't you go over?" At this moment, a voice came from beside Luo Zheng. This was also a human warrior. He was wearing a gray cloak and holding a slender pipe in his hand. He blew out smoke rings with a very calm expression.
"Why should I go over? Fighting is prohibited in the city. This group of Devil Race warriors can't eat me, "Luo Zheng said with a smile.
"Hey, it shouldn't be just that, right?" The human warrior smoking the pipe said, "The leader of the Devil Race warriors should have a good background. If you disobey him, it may be very troublesome."
Luo Zheng shrugged his shoulders, "Maybe you're the troublesome one …"
After saying this, the two of them smiled brightly.
The Illusory Battlefield gathered all the young elites of the universe. But overall, there was a mix of good and bad.
The weak warriors were like clumps of grass that could only be gnawed by sheep. The strong warriors were sheep!
But the top warriors were wolves in the Illusory Battlefield. They were the top existences in the food chain.
Luo Zheng and the cloaked warrior understood each other's meaning. They were both wolves, but even among wolves, there was still a difference in strength. There was also the Wolf King!
Between them, there must be a victor!
"You two! Come over here! Are you deaf? " After these Devil Race warriors pushed the human warriors aside, one of them walked towards Luo Zheng and the cloaked warrior.
Luo Zheng and the cloaked martial artist were leaning against the wall. The two of them acted as if they hadn't heard anything. They didn't even bother to talk nonsense with these Demon Race martial artists. This was because in the eyes of Luo Zheng and the cloaked martial artist, these Demon Race martial artists weren't even sheep, they were just grass.
The two of them leaned against the wall, quietly waiting for the city gate to open …
When these Devil Race warriors saw the attitude of the two of them, they took a big step forward and surrounded the two of them.
"Human brat, do you know whose territory this is? If you don't listen to us … "
Before one of the Devil Race warriors could finish speaking, Luo Zheng glanced at him and a cold light flashed in his eyes. He then faintly spat out a word, "Scram!"
With Luo Zheng's current strength, every movement of his had an invisible majesty. When the Devil Race warrior was stared at by Luo Zheng, he almost couldn't help but take two steps back, as if he had been pushed by Luo Zheng. When he recovered, his face was flushed red, but when he looked at Luo Zheng, there was a trace of fear in his eyes.
The cloaked warrior took a deep breath from his pipe and gently blew out a smoke ring. His eyelids drooped, as if he didn't see this scene.
At this moment, another voice interrupted, "What are you doing?"
The one who spoke was a Devil Race warrior in silver armor at the back of the crowd. His silver armor seemed to be a rare treasure. Judging from its color, it could be classified as a second-grade Divine Artifact. And because this armor was a defensive tool, it could be compared to a first-grade Divine Artifact.
"Young Master Hao! There are two Human Race warriors here who don't intend to obey your orders! "A Devil Race warrior said.
Young Master Hao squeezed through the crowd. His ten foot tall figure looked down at Luo Zheng and the cloaked warrior indifferently, and then said in a cold voice, "I'll give you two a chance. Obey me and line up over there!"
Luo Zheng and the cloaked warrior quietly glanced at each other.
This Young Master Hao could barely be regarded as a sheep …
Luo Zheng smiled faintly, "Obey you? What's in it for me? "
"After killing you twice, I will let you go!" Young Master Hao replied coldly, as if killing Luo Zheng twice was a gift.