Regarding this kind of proposal.
Luo Zheng just smiled. The cloaked martial artist said to Luo Zheng, "Don't bother with them. Nothing good comes out of their filthy mouths!"
"It's my fault," Luo Zheng didn't say anything else.
Seeing the attitude of these two human martial artists, Young Master Hao's face faintly revealed a trace of anger. After thinking for a moment, he took two steps forward and put his huge head close to them. He grinned and said, "You … don't regret it!"
The cloaked martial artist suddenly raised his hand in front of his nose and said, "To be honest, I regret it a little!"
Young Master Hao was slightly surprised. He heard the cloaked martial artist continue, "Because your mouth is too smelly …"
The Young Master of the Demon Race was finally completely enraged. He stood upright and roared, "You, follow behind these two people. As long as they leave the city, kill them without mercy!"
"Yes, Young Master!"
All the Demon Race martial artists present, after hearing the Young Master's order, stood guard beside Luo Zheng and the cloaked martial artist.
An hour was gone in a flash.
At this moment, the cyan light curtain around all the cities in the Illusory Battlefield disappeared at the same time …
Many martial artists couldn't wait to rush out of the city. What followed was endless killing!
"Time's up. Let's go out of the city?" The cloaked martial artist said to Luo Zheng lightly.
Luo Zheng nodded slightly. Then, the two got up at the same time and walked out of the city along the streets.
"Swoosh swoosh swoosh swoosh …"
As Luo Zheng walked forward, he noticed a light red streamer in the sky flying back from outside the city.
These martial artists were the ones who had been killed outside the city.
According to the rules of the Illusory Battlefield, after dying outside the city, the body would dissipate and turn into a streamer and return to the city. Not long after, they would be resurrected again …
For the younger generation of martial artists, this was not only a holy land to compete with the weak, but also an excellent place to gain experience!
When Luo Zheng and the cloaked martial artist got up and walked out of the city, two teams of Demon Race martial artists followed behind them. They were ordered by Young Master Hao to follow them all the way. They were determined to kill them as soon as they left the city.
However, they did not know just what kind of people these two human martial artists were!
"I don't want to fight with you for the time being." The cloaked martial artist was on Luo Zheng's left side. The city gate was right in front of him, but he still said this.
"It doesn't matter. I can wait," Luo Zheng replied calmly.
"That's good." The cloaked warrior smiled happily.
The other cultivators generally rushed out of the city gates. They either pounced on their targets or quickly left the city. In short, they were all extremely vigilant and would never stay in front of the city gates.
However, after the two of them stepped out of the city gate, they still maintained a slow pace as they slowly advanced!
The actions of the two confused the Demon Race cultivators who were following them. These Demon Race cultivators originally thought that Luo Zheng and the cloaked youth would escape at once, so they were still on guard against this move. However, the two of them seemed to treat the ten Demon Race cultivators as if they were nothing but thin air …
Was he confident? Or stupidity?
"It's Young Master Hao's order. Kill them every time they leave the city. Kill them every time until all the Illusory Light on them is taken away!"
The leader of the Demon warriors said. As soon as his voice fell, all the Demon warriors rushed towards the two of them.
At this moment, Luo Zheng and the cloaked warrior turned around at the same time. Both of them had a similar smile on their faces. It was the smile of a wolf that saw a sheep...
Luo Zheng did not use a sword.
He just used the chaotic energy to condense a wind blade, which slowly rotated on his fingertips!
Such a light cyan wind blade was like a blade of death for these Divine Sea Realm martial artists!
"Puff puff puff puff …"
To Luo Zheng, the Demon warriors in front of him were not sheep, but grass. They could not see Luo Zheng's figure clearly. Their lives were quickly harvested by Luo Zheng as if they were grass!
As for the cloaked martial artist, he placed the smoking pipe behind his head. He also didn't use his own weapon. Instead, he only used his palms to form countless hand seals that gently patted the heads or chests of these Demon Race martial artists. Soon after, the sound of bones shattering rang out. These Demon Race martial artists were like watermelons as they were smashed to pieces by this cloaked martial artist's hand seals …
When these Demon warriors died, their bodies would dissipate. Then, many yellow light spots and a red light spot would emerge from them!
A red light spot would wrap around the warrior's soul and slowly fly back to the city to wait for resurrection.
As the yellow light spots drifted, they gathered towards Luo Zheng and the cloaked warrior. These yellow light spots were the Illusory Battlefield's Illusory Points!
The first stage of the Illusory Battlefield was the ranking based on Illusory Points!
When the Illusory Battlefield was in its initial state, everyone had the same number of Illusory Points, which was 100 points!
After death, half of the Illusory Points would dissipate, reducing it to 50 points...
After death, the Illusory Points would be reduced to 25 points. Then, it would be halved until there was nothing left!
The cloaked cultivator had killed five Devil Race clansmen. It was the first time these five Devil Race clansmen had left the city. Each of them had a hundred Fantasy Points in their bodies, and each of them contributed half of their Fantasy Points. Thus, he had absorbed two hundred and fifty Fantasy Points.
Luo Zheng killed six Demon warriors, so he naturally absorbed 300 Illusory Points. In addition to his own 100 Illusory Points, he had 400 Illusory Points.
At the same time, a thought appeared in Luo Zheng's mind. That thought told Luo Zheng his current ranking...
"The overall ranking is 8.8 billion... and in this Great Thousand World, it's 1.9 billion..." Seeing this ranking, Luo Zheng revealed a faint smile. This ranking was too low. He didn't expect that the Illusory Battlefield had just opened, and the warriors inside were already fighting with their lives on the line!
As for the cloaked warrior, his face revealed a helpless smile. He killed five Demon warriors, so his ranking could only be lower than Luo Zheng's.
However, the two of them didn't care too much about this ranking...
The Illusory Battlefield had just opened...
The number of Illusory Points contained in these "grass" was too low. Their goal was sheep.
Sheep could only get fat by eating grass. Wolves could only get fat faster by eating sheep...
At the same time, the powerhouses of all the races in the universe were paying attention to the rankings on the pyramid!
Although the Illusory Battlefield had only opened for less than half an hour, the bottom of the pyramid was still at the bottom of the pyramid.
Most of the names were still lying at the bottom of the pyramid, but some names were slowly rising. Their names were rapidly climbing up the pyramid.
After Luo Zheng and the cloaked warrior killed the Demon warriors, they stood guard at the city gate.
The majority of the warriors were gathered in the city. They wanted to collect Illusory Points as soon as possible. Guarding the city gate and killing people was naturally the fastest way to accumulate Illusory Points.
However, the methods displayed by the two of them just now were too ferocious.
Originally, a large number of Demon warriors were preparing to leave the city, or were considering whether to leave the city or not...
In the end, they saw such a bloody scene at the city gate!
A group of Demon warriors who boasted of their bravery was immediately intimidated. With their strength, if they left the city like this, wouldn't they be slaughtered?
Therefore, they all blocked the city and refused to come out!
Because the Demon warriors in front were blocking the road, the Demon warriors in the back were unable to leave the city. The Demon warriors in the back didn't know what was happening in front, so they began to curse!
But no matter how much the Demon warriors in the back cursed, the Demon warriors in front refused to leave the city. In the end, the numerous Demon warriors could only choose other city gates...
Seeing this scene, Luo Zheng knew that his wishful thinking had failed. The other party wasn't a fool. If he stood naked at the city gate, they wouldn't foolishly rush up and be slaughtered. Although one wouldn't truly die in the Illusory Battlefield and life wasn't worth anything, they would still lose Illusory Points.
After the two of them looked at each other helplessly, they could only leave the city gate. However, the two of them left in different directions.
The two of them knew that there would be a battle between them in the end, but this battle was obviously not now. At the very least, they had to wait until the other party accumulated enough Illusory Points before this battle was worth it!
After leaving the city gate, Luo Zheng chose a route and continued to advance at a leisurely pace. However, he was thinking about how to accumulate Illusory Points faster.
It was obviously unrealistic to stand at the city gate and cut the grass. Killing a warrior would only give him 50 Illusory Points. Moreover, if he killed a warrior who had been massacred once, his Illusory Points would decrease again. He would only have 25 Illusory Points left after a second kill. This was definitely not a solution...
Thinking of this, Luo Zheng's gaze fell on a mountain not far away. After pondering for a moment, he leaped onto the mountain.