Thinking of this, Luo Zheng didn't stay here any longer.
His figure flashed, maintaining a height of ten feet above the ground as he flew away like an eagle.
By the time Luo Zheng and the cloaked martial artist had completely left, the group of martial artists that had originally been hoarding in the city were like a tide, squeezing out of the city!
And the moment they left the city, they scattered, trying to keep as much distance as possible.
This was the rule of the Illusory Battlefield!
Once one left the main cities, danger lurked everywhere.
They could be the hunter, or they could become the prey of other martial artists.
An ordinary-looking demon martial artist rushed out of the city gates at the same time as the other martial artists. The moment he left the city gates, a strange smile appeared on his face.
"Purple Flame Emperor Explosion!"
A purple flame suddenly burst out from the body of this Demon Race martial artist!
The mysterious Fire Attribute Laws formed rings of fire that spread out from the Demon Race martial artist like a tidal wave.
At this moment, there were over a hundred martial artists rushing out of the city gates!
As the purple flames swept out, all of the demon martial artists simultaneously released their protective true essence or astral essence in an attempt to resist these terrifying purple flames.
But the power of these purple flames was incomparably tyrannical. Beneath these purple flames, their protective true essence was like paper, instantly burning away. Then, as if these purple flames had a life of their own, they drilled into the cracks and began to burn the bodies of the martial artists!
"Ahh!"
"It's painful, these damned flames …"
"Be careful …"
In the blink of an eye, all of the martial artists' bodies were engulfed in raging flames, turning them into flaming men.
Some of the flaming men used their escape techniques and flew into the air, but the faster they flew, the more intense the flames burned. They only flew halfway through the air before they turned to ashes and scattered in the air …
Some of the fiery people unleashed translucent ice shields in an attempt to keep the flames away from their bodies. However, the power of the flames was far beyond their imagination. The ice shields melted in an instant and were burned to ashes by the flames!
All of the burned martial artists had a red light shoot out from their bodies as they fled back into the main city.
As for the remaining dreamy motes of light, they were absorbed by the demon martial artist.
Woosh woosh woosh …
The demon martial artist stood in front of the city gates, a cold smile on his face. As he looked at the martial artists in front of the city gates, a purple flame slowly pulsed in his hand.
Just now, this Demon Race martial artist's flames had spread out to a radius of ten thousand feet. But when the purple flames spread towards the city gates, they instantly dissipated without a trace!
At this stage, the Illusory Battlefield's main city was an absolutely safe zone. Any attack would be dispelled at the main city gates.
It wasn't just this main city, but the entire Illusory Battlefield and all of the 50 great worlds' main cities were like this!
In a short period of time, the demon martial artist had absorbed 5000-6000 fantasy points...........
....................
Up until now, there were still many martial artists who hadn't realized the situation they were in. After all, the vast majority of people in this city were from the Demon Race. A moment ago, Luo Zheng and that cloaked martial artist were not of the same race, but outside the city gates, the Demon Race martial artists were actually killing each other.
The demon martial artist faintly smiled, "Is that important?"
"Humph, we are all demons. With your methods, I never thought …" A demon angrily said.
The demon martial artist interrupted him, "I don't want to listen to your nonsense. I only know that in this Illusory Battlefield, there is no such thing as a race. All losers will be eliminated, and all of you … will become stepping stones for me to become the supreme ruler of this world!"
Hearing the words of this Demon Race cultivator, many Demons revealed expressions of anger, but even more Demons came to a sudden realization!
Although many demon martial artists had mentally prepared themselves for the opening of the Illusory Battlefield, it was clear that their understanding was not deep enough. This Illusory Battlefield was a battlefield where only the fittest were eliminated. Out of the trillions of martial artists, this was a battlefield where only the strongest martial artists would be selected.
Here, holding onto the concept of race was nothing short of a joke!
The Demon Race cultivator actually walked towards the city gate. The purple flame in his hand was raging. Then, he stretched his hand into the city gate. The moment his hand crossed the "boundary", the purple flame was extinguished by the rules of the Illusory Battlefield. Then, he said, "My name is Long Qin … …"
After that, he suddenly turned around. He also knew that the martial artists in the city gate would not come out to die. Staying here was a waste of time.
"Long Qin!"
"It's him …"
"The ninth generation descendant of the Demon Flame Boundary's Master!"
"It's our bad luck to be assigned to the same main city as him!"
"Humph, what bad luck? All the Divine Sea Realm martial artists from the 100,000 Great Worlds are here. Which main city doesn't have a few freaks? He wondered if this dragon bird was stronger than the two human martial artists from before. I really hope they will fight! "
After Long Qin's figure disappeared from their sight, the martial artists in the city rushed out again.
Throughout the entire Illusory Battlefield, in the initial stage, things like blocking the city gate kept happening …
At the same time, the names of many martial artists had stood out on the pyramid!
In the 100,000 Great Worlds outside the Illusory Battlefield, there were countless Illusory Spaces. Above each Illusory Space, the names on the pyramid were constantly rising and falling!
All the races and forces were paying close attention to the rankings.
…
"Whoosh!"
A wind blade shot out from Luo Zheng's fingertip.
Not far ahead, there were several Blue Horn Deer creeping on the ground. These Blue Horn Deer looked very docile, but in fact, they were also Level 10 Ferocious Beasts.
The wind blades suddenly shot out and pierced through the chests of the Blue Horn Deer. Along with unwilling screams, the Blue Horn Deer died. Their Five Treasures and Six Palaces had been destroyed by Luo Zheng's wind blades.
The dead Blue Horn Deer gradually disappeared from Luo Zheng's sight. At the same time, many pale yellow Illusory Points flew towards Luo Zheng's body.
"Killing Ferocious Beasts in the wild also gives me Illusory Points, but this Blue Horn Deer only gives me one Illusory Point?"
Facing this result, Luo Zheng shook his head slightly. Killing Ferocious Beasts was also a way to earn Illusory Points. However, the Illusory Battlefield was actually a super-large arena. Its original intention was to encourage martial artists to kill each other and compete for the strongest winner. Therefore, the rewards given by killing Ferocious Beasts were relatively small.
"I wonder how many Illusory Points I can get by killing stronger Ferocious Beasts."
Thinking of this, Luo Zheng's figure flashed again. He swept up the hillside and moved forward at a moderate speed.
Along the way, if he encountered any Ferocious Beasts, Luo Zheng would casually kill them.
Ferocious Beasts like the Blue Horn Deer only gave him one or two Illusory Points. The accumulated Illusory Points were very small, but Luo Zheng did not care.
According to the rules of the Illusory Battlefield, the accumulation of Illusory Points at the beginning was not important. When some of the stronger martial artists accumulated enough Illusory Points, Luo Zheng could directly rob them.
If possible, Luo Zheng could even lie here and cultivate, or even find a place to sleep!
However, he had been trapped in the Holy Realm Dwellers' Mansion for several years. Now that he finally had a chance to leave the Holy Realm Dwellers' Mansion, he wanted to relax in the vast world of the Illusory Battlefield.
Just as Luo Zheng was slowly flying, his eyes suddenly flashed, and the corners of his mouth curled up slightly.
His body suddenly stopped in mid-air. He turned his head and looked down, "How long do you plan to follow me?"
His voice rang out. The wilderness was completely silent. It was as if there were no other living beings here ….
"Come find me after accumulating more Illusory Points. I'm not interested in you." After Luo Zheng said lightly, he continued to fly forward casually.
There were a total of three people following Luo Zheng. They certainly did not have time to accumulate Illusory Points. Killing the three of them now would only give him 150 Illusory Points. Luo Zheng was indeed not interested.
Following a rough laughter, three burly figures appeared on the ground out of thin air. They were three Demon Clan martial artists.
"But we are interested in you! Haha! "
＝＝＝＝＝