Compared to the other Demon Clansmen, these three Demon Clan martial artists were slightly shorter.
The armor they wore was very special. At first glance, it was black, but under the sunlight, it reflected different colors …
This armor was made of "Light Accumulating Iron." After it was activated, it could constantly change its color according to the surrounding environment. Together with the Divine Inscriptions that could restrain one's aura, it could completely hide the warrior. Even if they were very close, they wouldn't be able to detect their movements.
This method was useful for ordinary Divine Sea Realm warriors, but for Luo Zheng, it didn't mean much.
Luo Zheng's current perception was far more powerful than that of ordinary warriors. Therefore, even if the three of them were carefully hiding, he could still easily detect their existence.
Previously, the three Demons had seen Luo Zheng's extraordinary strength at the city gate. However, when they saw Luo Zheng leave the city alone, they also had the idea of chasing after him!
The three of them weren't weak. When the three of them worked together, they had once killed a Divine Realm warrior. The three of them had followed him silently.
Luo Zheng's face revealed a trace of laziness. Although he had been immersed for several years and was fully prepared, he was like a butterfly that had just emerged from its chrysalis. His spirit had also quietly changed. Right now, he also needed to fight to baptize his spirit.
He looked down at the three Demons below and said indifferently, "Since you're interested, then come at me together …"
The three Demons looked at each other and sneered. In the midst of their laughter, the three of them quietly disappeared from Luo Zheng's sight.
This kind of hiding method was indeed very effective.
Because they didn't just restrain their aura, at least in terms of vision, they completely hid their figures!
Looking at the three disappearing quickly, Luo Zheng smiled slightly.
Since he had nothing to do, he was waiting for the grass to grow and the sheep to grow fat. Only then would he relax in this wild place. Since these guys were willing to appear in front of him, Luo Zheng didn't mind taking action.
In the past five years, Luo Zheng had also dabbled in the three Cultivation Methods recommended by the so-called "Second Senior Brother."
However, in the past five years, Luo Zheng hadn't stepped out of the Immortal Mansion, so there was no one who could compare notes with him. Xun was a Sword Spirit, so it wasn't very suitable for her. The difference in strength between him and Mu Mingxue was too big. Although Mu Mingxue had made great progress in the past five years, she was still not qualified to compare notes with Luo Zheng.
After the three of them concealed themselves, they used the Aura Concealing Technique and rushed towards Luo Zheng from several directions. From the view, their figures had completely disappeared, not even a shadow....
At this moment, Luo Zheng gently closed his eyes, and a perception spread out from his mind!
Under the description of his perception, the environment around him took shape in his mind …
Among them, there were three empty spots, and these three empty spots were rapidly approaching Luo Zheng.
"They're not slow, but it's a pity …"
In Luo Zheng's Inner World, the sapling of the World Tree swayed gently, and then a stream of Chaotic Qi quietly rose along the sapling and was quickly sucked into his body.
At the same time, a faint smoke appeared above Luo Zheng's hands!
"Eight Zigzag Flying Smoke!"
Although Luo Zheng didn't really like his second senior brother, his second senior brother's insight was indeed very unique!
The three Cultivation Methods he had selected were not conspicuous in the Book Collection Pavilion, but after browsing through them, Luo Zheng found that each of the three Cultivation Methods was very suitable for him …
Thinking about it carefully, although there was something wrong with the Second Senior Brother, it wasn't strange for him to have this kind of insight. After all, he was a person who had surpassed the Way of Heaven. In his eyes, Luo Zheng might be like an invisible person, but he could see through him inside and out at a glance.
This Eight Zigzag Flying Smoke was a very unique body movement!
In this universe, the vast majority of escape techniques were created by using all sorts of source Laws …
For instance, the Wind Escape Technique used the Wind Laws. As for the Earth Escape Technique, it used the Earth Laws. Although all sorts of different Laws were used to create different cultivation methods, in the eyes of experts, they were all different paths leading to the same goal.
But this Eight Zigzag Flying Smoke was different. In fact, this cultivation method was similar to some of the lower realms' lower level cultivation methods.
The smoke in Luo Zheng's hands was visualized by him; it didn't contain the power of Laws!
According to reason, the higher the level of a cultivation method, the stronger the power of Laws it contained. In this universe, the so-called 'transcendent divine mights' were cultivation methods that an Empyrean comprehended through their own understanding of the law of cause and effect!
But the Eight Zigzag Flying Smoke was the opposite!
On the first page of this ancient book, there was a pattern drawn on it.
This was a sphere with eight holes, and in this pattern, there was a thin line that ran through these eight holes …
Up until now, Luo Zheng hadn't been able to figure out what this thing was. But, the first step in cultivating this Eight Zigzag Flying Smoke was to visualize this pattern!
But under this visualization, the more Luo Zheng looked at it, the more mysterious it became!
The positions of the eight holes, the route that the thin line ran through, all of these were faintly reminding Luo Zheng of something. This pattern seemed as if it wanted to say something, but didn't. It even gave birth to a strange feeling in Luo Zheng's heart!
This sort of feeling was something that Luo Zheng had only experienced once in all these years!
And that was when Luo Zheng was crossing tribulation for the first time on the Divine Kingdom continent.
In the final moment of Luo Zheng's tribulation, a black light that could destroy the heavens and earth appeared. This black light pulled a thin line that constantly circled in the air, weaving together and slowly falling down towards Luo Zheng!
It seemed as if the black light's thin line was disorderly and disorderly, as if it were randomly passing through the air. But, its trajectory seemed to follow some sort of extremely terrifying law!
Although Luo Zheng could faintly feel this law, Luo Zheng couldn't explain it. He couldn't even describe it!
The lines of this pattern recorded in the Eight Zigzag Flying Smoke were not as complicated as the black light's thin line. But, the feeling that Luo Zheng gave off was similar …
Thus, although this body law martial skill couldn't be considered a transcendent divine might and it didn't contain any source Laws, Luo Zheng still continued to cultivate it without hesitation!
Woosh!
As the smoke and dust spread down from Luo Zheng's body, Luo Zheng's eyes widened.
At the same time …
A black profound iron broadsword cut through space, quietly appearing behind Luo Zheng!
The moment the broadsword struck out, two other weapons appeared from two other directions …
"Kill!"
"Monarch Slash!"
Facing this sudden attack, Luo Zheng's complexion didn't change at all. He gently shook his body in the air. The visualization diagram had already been memorized in Luo Zheng's mind. His entire body relaxed. He no longer had any killing intent nor did he have any thoughts of counterattacking. It was as if he had resigned himself to death, as if he didn't care at all. Even his state of mind began to cooperate with this movement technique.
As these three people used their swift and fierce methods, they naturally created a series of fluctuations!
In particular, the broadsword wielding martial artist. As he chopped down with his saber, there was a whistling sound, as if even space itself would be cut apart!
But at this time, Luo Zheng was like a wisp of blue smoke, wandering between the heavens and earth …
The broadsword broke through space, directly reaching Luo Zheng's back. The speed of this broadsword could be called lightning fast. An ordinary person wouldn't be able to clearly see the broadsword shadow even if they tried.
But when the broadsword was three inches away from Luo Zheng's body, his body moved along with the broadsword!
It wasn't that Luo Zheng was moving, but that the broadsword had "pushed" Luo Zheng away!
Since the first slash didn't hit, the broadsword wielding martial artist didn't hesitate at all. The broadsword in his hand swung down again. The second slash!
Luo Zheng still maintained a distance of three inches away from him, and still didn't hit!
The third slash!
Still three inches!
Seeing this scene, the broadsword wielding demon martial artist was somewhat stunned.
Although he didn't slow down his attacks, his heart was filled with horror.
What kind of movement technique was this …
He had never seen such a strange movement technique!
This guy's body seemed to be weightless. As long as he swung his broadsword, he would be pushed away by a certain distance. Then he would slash again, and push again!
In this way, he couldn't kill Luo Zheng at all!
He maintained a distance of three inches from Luo Zheng. These three inches … were like a natural moat that couldn't be crossed!
The Monarch Slash was also a swift and fierce saber technique. It was originally thought to be the seven most swift and fierce saber moves of the demon race's great emperor. It contained an extreme saber intent sealed within the Monarch Seven Sabers.