When the opponent's seven slashes stopped, Luo Zheng's figure also stopped. He floated motionlessly in the air as if he was drifting with the waves.
When he practiced this 《Eight Zigzag Flying Smoke》, he already knew the peculiarities of this movement technique.
In order to verify the wonders of this movement technique, Mu Mingxue also tried to break this movement technique with her long sword! But no matter how Mu Mingxue attacked, she was unable to hurt Luo Zheng in the slightest!
In this world, there was nothing that was absolutely forbidden …
Even the motionless trees would tremble slightly. The stars in the sky would rotate either fast or slow. It was said that even the hundred thousand great realms would slowly move in their own direction. There were even some great realms that would collide with each other! Of course, this process was calculated in millions or even tens of millions of years!
And this 《Eight Zigzag Flying Smoke》 essentially allowed one to feel any fluctuation, even the slightest fluctuation …
Just this slightest fluctuation was enough to push Luo Zheng's figure away. This was also the reason why the Seven Slashes of the Monarch didn't land on Luo Zheng's body.
In the end, Mu Mingxue's strength was still too weak!
In Luo Zheng's eyes, the three demon race martial artists in front of him naturally couldn't be considered strong. However, they were also suitable to inspect this 《Eight Zigzag Flying Smoke》!
"Hu hu …"
When the first saber-wielding martial artist stopped attacking, the second person's long spear once again pierced towards Luo Zheng!
"Cup Bow Snake Shadow Spear!"
The tip of the spear was like a long snake, spitting out its black tongue as it went straight for Luo Zheng's glabella.
Facing this spear, Luo Zheng still didn't dodge …
His entire body stretched out in an upside-down position, but his eyes were indifferently staring at the spear tip not far away!
This spear tip, which was suffused with a cold black light, remained three inches away from Luo Zheng's glabella … At this distance, Luo Zheng could clearly see the faint lines on the spear tip!
Just three more inches, and the spear would pierce Luo Zheng's glabella …
But these three inches were forever a distance that could only be looked at and could never be reached!
"Whoosh whoosh whoosh …"
The Demon Race cultivator's complexion became increasingly solemn. The long spear in his hand danced in the air like a shuttle, and a series of sonic booms rang out in the air, like a series of firecrackers!
But no matter how nimble and fierce the spear was, it was unable to pierce Luo Zheng …
Seeing this scene, the faces of the three turned gloomy.
Although they couldn't understand Luo Zheng's strange movements, even an idiot could understand that Luo Zheng didn't see them as his opponents.
To the demons, being humiliated in battle was an unforgivable thing.
"Second Brother, Third Brother, block his path of retreat!" The leading Demon Race cultivator roared, and the black broadsword in his hand slashed out again.
From Luo Zheng's point of view, the 《Eight Zigzags Flying Smoke》 he used actually contained some kind of wind moving rule, and this rule contained some kind of supreme technique, so it could create an insurmountable distance of three inches. But in the eyes of these three cultivators, Luo Zheng was using his own speed to artificially maintain a distance and play with the three of them!
There was a way to break Luo Zheng's strange movements. Under the encirclement of the three, Luo Zheng had nowhere to hide.
But they had greatly underestimated the wonders of the 《Eight Zigzags Flying Smoke》 …
The three of them had indeed blocked Luo Zheng's path of retreat. A saber, a spear, and a sword had firmly trapped Luo Zheng in the center from three different directions.
No matter which direction Luo Zheng retreated, he would bump into the weapon of the other person.
But under the pressure of the three people, a strange scene appeared!
His whole body actually twisted, like a squid that could stretch and shrink freely, and squeezed through the gap between the three people's weapons!
From the beginning to the end, he still maintained a distance of three inches …
"This …"
Seeing this scene, the three Fiend Race martial artists were also dumbfounded.
They even doubted whether Luo Zheng was human …
Whether it was the Demon Clan or the Human Clan, there were some body techniques that could distort one's body. Cultivators refined their bodies, and they could be both hard and soft. If necessary, even the burly Demon Clan cultivators could fold their bodies into an unimaginable angle. This was not a difficult matter.
But just now, the distance between the three people's weapons was only half a foot!
Luo Zheng's body had turned into a flat object, and slipped away from the less than half a foot width. Moreover, in the process of slipping away, he still maintained a distance of three inches. Luo Zheng's body was twisted to the extreme, as if he was a mollusk …
When Luo Zheng escaped from their attack range, his whole body returned to normal, and there was still a faint smile on his face. "Continue?"
Two of the Demon Clan cultivators revealed horrified expressions. In their hearts, they were already thinking of retreating …
The three brothers originally had a trace of confidence that they could take Luo Zheng's life, as well as the fantasy points in his body. However, in this strange battle, their confidence was slowly eroded. They realized that they had picked the wrong target.
"If I don't continue, then I'll take it back?" Luo Zheng's eyes revealed a trace of coldness. Killing the three people in front of him would give him 150 fantasy points!
Just as Luo Zheng's voice fell, a "pop" sound was heard. It was the sound of a bowstring being shot!
"Whoosh —"
Not far away, the remaining Demon Clan cultivator pulled the bowstring and shot an arrow at Luo Zheng!
"This …"
Luo Zheng also realized that something was wrong. Immediately after, he saw the arrow that was shot directly at him!
"Eight Winding Smoke … Withdraw …"
Before Luo Zheng had time to disperse the faint smoke around his body, the arrow stuck to Luo Zheng's chest …
Just like the previous attack, the arrowhead of this arrow was always three inches away from Luo Zheng!
Luo Zheng's body, which was as light as a wisp of smoke, was propelled backwards by the arrow!
How fast was the speed of the arrow? Not to mention that this arrow was shot by a Divine Ocean Realm cultivator.
In an instant, this arrow pushed Luo Zheng more than ten thousand feet away. Only when the power of this arrow gradually weakened and the tip of the arrow fell down did Luo Zheng's body finally stop.
What made Luo Zheng even more helpless was that even when the tip of the arrow fell down, his body still kept three inches away from the tip of the arrow, as if he wanted to be hit by this arrow. The moment the arrow fell to the ground, Luo Zheng's body twisted again and forcibly squeezed out of the gap between the tip of the arrow and the ground.
During this process, Luo Zheng's body still kept three inches away from the tip of the arrow and the ground …
Even Luo Zheng himself didn't expect such a situation. He himself was stunned.
"What is this Eight Winding Smoke? Isn't this a crazy body movement …" Luo Zheng was speechless for a while. When he used this body movement, he seemed to involuntarily keep three inches away from the opponent. This inexplicable body movement made Luo Zheng quite speechless. At the same time, he faintly suspected that he had been tricked by that unreliable Second Senior Brother.
When he dispersed the smoke around his body and slowly rose into the air, the three Demon Clan cultivators fled in the opposite direction.
"Sou ~ ~"
These three people secretly followed him. Now that they saw that they couldn't do anything to him, they wanted to escape. Luo Zheng naturally wouldn't let them go.
Although he was thousands of feet away from these three Demon Clan cultivators, with Luo Zheng's strength, it wouldn't be difficult for him to catch up and kill the three of them!
These three Demon Clan cultivators had basically fallen into a state of despair and had already planned to surrender. Their strength was not on the same level as Luo Zheng's.
Fortunately, this was the Illusory Battlefield. After they died, they still had a chance to be reborn. However, they would probably lose half of their Illusory Points …
They didn't expect that in a moment of desperation, one of them shot an arrow and actually pushed Luo Zheng so far away. Like Luo Zheng, these three people were also stunned. The Demon Clan cultivator who shot the arrow wanted to swear on the spot that he had never seen such a strange scene in his life.
Since they had pushed Luo Zheng so far away, there was no reason for them not to run.
Seeing that this fiend was actually chasing them crazily, the three activated their armor at the same time and slowly disappeared from Luo Zheng's sight.
However, this move didn't mean much to Luo Zheng. In the end, the three people still couldn't escape the fate of being killed by Luo Zheng.