Red dots of light were constantly returning to the main city.
Warriors were constantly killed and half of their Fantasy Points were squeezed out. After a period of waiting, they would be revived.
This process was an excellent cultivation opportunity for martial artists!
Not all martial artists could enter the Illusory Space to cultivate ….
In fact, in a large world, only the core cultivation grounds of the tenth-rank Holy Lands had Fantasy Spaces built.
Usually, only the core geniuses of the Holy Lands were qualified to enter.
But now, the Fantasy Battlefield was open to the 100,000 large worlds. All Divine Sea Realm warriors, regardless of their background or talent, could freely enter and fight.
Some Divine Sea Realm warriors were very clear that it was simply wishful thinking to obtain a good ranking in the Fantasy Battlefield with their own strength.
There were too many geniuses in the 100,000 large worlds …
Some inheritors of small Holy Lands, the descendants of some City Lords, the core geniuses of Holy Lands, and even the successors of Holy Lands' Holy Lords …
Just these martial artists alone were a terrifying number, not to mention the many successors of the Realm Masters, and even the descendants of the Empyreans. There were also martial artists who possessed the destiny of a great era, the favored children of the heavens and earth!
With these top geniuses in front of them, how difficult was it to stand out in the Fantasy Battlefield?
After giving up on fighting for a ranking, some warriors became indifferent to the Fantasy Points. They continued to fight outside the city, training, dying, reviving, and repeating the cycle. In this life and death experience, they comprehended a trace of Dao Heart!
Above the Cloud Mist Palace, a giant pyramid appeared as well.
Many warriors would occasionally check this pyramid to see the rankings of the trillions of warriors on the pyramid!
"Luo Zheng's name … hasn't stood out." An old man stood respectfully beside Yun Luo. "There are too many names on the lower levels of the pyramid. We can't find him! However, Ai Anxin's name has floated up. She's ranked 13,000th in her large world and 4.6 million in the entire Fantasy Battlefield! "
With Yun Luo and the old man's perception, they could easily find their target from the millions of names …
However, after Luo Zheng left the city, he didn't accumulate any Fantasy Points. Now, not only did his ranking not rise, it fell. Now, Luo Zheng's ranking was tens of billions behind!
Finding Luo Zheng in this sea of names was definitely not an easy task.
"That's strange. What's that guy doing?" Yun Luo looked puzzled.
With Luo Zheng's strength, even if he couldn't dominate the Illusory Battlefield, it wouldn't be difficult for him to stand out in a city. Getting into the top 5 million should be a simple matter for Luo Zheng.
"Continue to observe. Report to me if there are any Cloud Mist Heavenly Palace cultivators," Yun Luo said calmly.
Misty Cloud Palace was one of the core factions of the Human Alliance, and its cultivators were all elites …
However, the universe was so big, and there were so many amazing talents in unknown corners. Therefore, Yun Luo did not dare to say that the martial artists of the Thirteen Palaces could take first place.
At this stage, Ai Anxin had already entered the 130,000 rankings of a great world. With her talent and strength, it shouldn't be a problem for her to enter the top 5000 rankings. If she wanted to go any further, it would depend on her performance and strength.
Within the dreamland, within the 50 great worlds, countless main cities were engaged in a frenzy of slaughter. As for the names of these peak geniuses, in front of the eyes of the countless lives within the 100,000 great worlds, they raced towards the top of the pyramid!
Twelve hours later, the curtain of night fell.
However, there was no distinction between day and night in the Illusory Battlefield. The battles continued …
"Pa!"
A vicious tortoise's shell was shattered by Luo Zheng's punch. As a faint azure light flashed past, the body hidden beneath the tortoise shell was easily killed by Luo Zheng.
When the tortoise's corpse disappeared, ten fantasy points shot out from it and headed straight for Luo Zheng.
Traveling in the wilderness, the speed of accumulating fantasy points was rather slow, but Luo Zheng didn't care.
In fact, many experts were like Luo Zheng, temporarily leaving their main cities and waiting for the grass to grow and the sheep to grow fat. Some cultivators even dug a large hole and slept in it.
Luo Zheng used this opportunity to explore the wilderness. He didn't want to waste time.
After killing this vicious tortoise, Luo Zheng looked at the undulating hills in front of him. It was as if he couldn't see the end …
The Illusory Battlefield was so huge, equivalent to the area of 50 great worlds. Although there were countless main cities in it, the distance between each main city was probably not too close!
"It's about time to go back." Luo Zheng looked into the distance and smiled slightly. Then, he prepared to return to the main city. It was almost time to harvest.
However, just as Luo Zheng turned his head, he suddenly felt a faint energy fluctuation coming from the front left.
His eyes flashed slightly, and his figure disappeared. Then, he appeared at the foot of the hill in front of him.
In the basin below the two mountains, there was a light that was constantly rotating, and this light was coming from a cave.
"What is this?" Luo Zheng was slightly startled.
This Illusory Battlefield didn't seem to be as simple as Luo Zheng imagined. Perhaps, the way to get Illusory Points wasn't just from other cultivators.
Around this rotating light, there were three mice covered with golden hair. These mice were huge, as big as a piglet. Just by lying there, they emitted a majestic aura. This aura was emitted from their blood!
"Divine Beast, Heavenly Mouse?"
Luo Zheng frowned slightly.
A real adult Divine Beast was still very powerful. These Heavenly Mice were all Level 11 Divine Beasts, comparable to the Divine Sea Realm. However, because of their Divine Beast bloodline, it was still a bit troublesome to deal with them.
What was in this cave? There were actually three Heavenly Mice guarding it?
Because of this, Luo Zheng was even more interested in this cave!
The Heavenly Rat was also a peak existence among the Mythological Beasts. On one hand, it was because of its powerful attack power. Their talents were all concentrated on that pair of indestructible rat teeth. On the other hand, it was the fastest Mythological Beast.
Three Heavenly Mice were a bit troublesome for Luo Zheng, but Luo Zheng wouldn't give up exploring this cave.
After all, in the Illusory Battlefield, if you failed, you would have a chance to try again. Besides, Luo Zheng wasn't necessarily afraid of these Heavenly Mice …
He slowly walked down the hill.
The three Heavenly Mice, who were originally crawling together, raised their heads vigilantly. Six pairs of soybean-sized black eyes stared at Luo Zheng. At the same time, they made squeaking sounds as if they were communicating something.
Luo Zheng's expression was calm, but the degree of caution in his heart was increasing. These Heavenly Mice could stand at the top of the Divine Beasts, so they were no small matter.
Twenty Zhang …
Fifteen Zhang …
Ten Zhang!
"Whoosh whoosh whoosh!"
When Luo Zheng's footsteps had just stepped into the range of ten Zhang, the three Heavenly Mice suddenly disappeared from Luo Zheng's sight!
As the three blurry shadows flashed in his eyes, Luo Zheng felt a sharp pain on his body, as if he had been scratched by something sharp!
Soon after, the three Heavenly Mice reappeared not far away. They formed a triangle with each other, surrounding Luo Zheng. At the same time, they bared their sharp front teeth at Luo Zheng! Gorgeous colors flowed on the front teeth. This pair of front teeth was the innate ability of the Heavenly Mouse. It also contained the law of karma, which allowed their lethality to reach a terrifying level.
"Puff puff puff!"
At this time, three streaks of blood sprayed out from Luo Zheng's body. They were from his left shoulder, right chest, and leg.
This speed was indeed fast to an unimaginable extent!
Luo Zheng didn't care about the wounds on his body. The speed of these three little Heavenly Mice had exceeded some kind of limit. Luo Zheng wouldn't foolishly chase after them.
Luo Zheng still locked on to the flickering whirlpool of light above the cave. He then lifted his foot and walked toward the cave!
Just as he moved, the three Heavenly Mice disappeared again!
The moment they disappeared, Luo Zheng suddenly pulled out the Thunder and Wind Ghost Sword in his hand. A sword shadow like a wheel protected him. At the same time, dozens of ghost shadows bloomed from the tip of the sword. With Luo Zheng as the center, they spread to the surroundings.
＝＝＝＝＝