The outermost layer had dozens of ghostly shadows, while the inner layer had a circular sword light protecting his body.
Luo Zheng's attack could be said to be airtight.
But even so, he still couldn't block the attack of the three Heaven Reaching Rats …
The speed of the three Heaven Reaching Rats still exceeded Luo Zheng's estimation!
The three small golden rat shadows drilled through the dense ghostly shadows at an unobservable speed. Although Luo Zheng's sword light was revolving around him like a roulette, it was just an illusion caused by the high-speed rotation of the sword. In fact, there was a gap between the speed of the sword light and the speed of the sword light.
The Heaven Reaching Rats were petite, so they easily drilled through the gap and quickly approached Luo Zheng!
"Puff, puff, puff!"
There were still three bursts of blood!
One of the wounds was on Luo Zheng's collarbone above his chest. In the nick of time, Luo Zheng's body leaned back slightly. Otherwise, his throat would have been bitten off.
Although the wound caused by the Heaven Reaching Rats' attack wasn't big, the pair of rat teeth were almost indestructible. Now, ordinary attacks couldn't cause any harm to Luo Zheng's body, but in the face of the rat's attack, he couldn't resist at all!
"Squeak, squeak, squeak, squeak …"
In the blink of an eye, the three Heaven Reaching Rats appeared not far away. They still maintained a certain distance from Luo Zheng, and they were constantly communicating with each other. But in their bean-sized black eyes, there was a hint of ridicule.
Basically, all mythological beasts had already gained intelligence. Naturally, the Heaven Reaching Rats were no exception …
Seeing this scene, Luo Zheng's expression became calmer and calmer.
The Heaven Reaching Rats were ranked first among the mythological beasts, and they were worthy of their name. This race might be second only to the super mythological beasts.
It was said that the reproductive ability of the Heaven Reaching Rats was much stronger than that of ordinary mythological beasts. Now, Luo Zheng was only facing three Heaven Reaching Rats, so the pressure wasn't particularly great. But if there were hundreds or thousands of Heaven Reaching Rats … he might have to run away now.
In terms of speed alone, Luo Zheng might not be able to do anything to these Heaven Reaching Rats. He couldn't even catch their figures, so how could he kill them?
Fortunately, the habits of these Heaven Reaching Rats were also very strange. If Luo Zheng didn't move, they wouldn't move either. But as long as Luo Zheng moved, they would launch the most accurate attack in the shortest time.
Luo Zheng stood in place quietly pondering for a while......... com..
.. a........................................
............
Although this movement technique was somewhat inexplicable, under many circumstances, it had the ability to catch the enemy off guard!
............................................
...........................................
...........
. Only the sound could be heard, but not their shadows!
The moment the first rat shadow pounced on Luo Zheng, it pushed Luo Zheng back!
The second rat shadow pounced from another direction. Luo Zheng's body changed direction. He was still floating in the air...
. and the third one..
. No matter how the three rat shadows pounced, Luo Zheng was always able to keep a distance of three inches between him and them... .. Luo Zheng's eyes were indifferently watching the colorful rat teeth in front of him. His face was indifferent.
The speed of the Heavenly Rat's attack was shockingly fast, but Luo Zheng's speed of retreating was also shockingly fast.
If anyone saw this scene, they would definitely be shocked to the point of being dumbfounded!
This was because they could only see four shadows that intersected in an instant. They couldn't even tell what these four shadows were!
"Whoosh whoosh whoosh whoosh …"
As he dodged again and again, Luo Zheng drew out strands of chaotic energy from his body!
Luo Zheng used half of the Chaotic Qi to replenish the consumption of the Eight Directional Smoke, while the other half silently sank into the ground.
The Primal Chaos Aura that had entered the ground quietly connected together, forming a faint ring.
The ring enveloped an area with a radius of a thousand feet. At the same time, the mysterious power of Law began to condense on the ring. The power of Law contained not only the Law of Thunder, but also traces of Taoist Connotation coiled around it, like tiny dragons entwined together …
This was the second cultivation technique that Luo Zheng had cultivated in the past few years, the Thunder Calamity Annihilation!
The second cultivation technique that the Second Senior-apprentice Brother had recommended to Luo Zheng was also an extremely powerful cultivation technique.
Compared to the Eight Directional Smoke, the Thunder Calamity Annihilation seemed more 'normal'. But this so-called 'normal' was only relative to Luo Zheng!
He didn't know what level of cultivation technique the Thunder Calamity Annihilation belonged to, or whether it could be considered a transcendent divine might. But ever since Luo Zheng started cultivating it, he discovered that the Thunder Calamity Annihilation consumed an extreme amount of chaotic energy.
For an ordinary Divine Sea realm martial artist, even if they exhausted their entire Divine Sea realm, they might not be able to display the Thunder Calamity Annihilation. This was because the true essence consumption of this cultivation technique was too great!
Even for Luo Zheng, in order to arrange the Thunder Calamity Annihilation, he had consumed a considerable amount of chaotic energy!
While cultivating in the Immortal Mansion, Luo Zheng had experienced the might of the Thunder Calamity Annihilation several times. But this was the first time that Luo Zheng had used it in actual combat …
The three Heavenly Rats were still rapidly rushing towards Luo Zheng!
Speed was their greatest advantage. At this moment, they displayed their speed to the limit and stimulated their bloodline to the limit. Their fur exuded a pure golden brilliance!
But what they couldn't understand was that no matter how fast they increased their speed, the human in front of them was still able to maintain the same speed as them!
When they were fast, Luo Zheng was fast. When they were slow, Luo Zheng was also slow. It was as if this human would never be able to touch him, as if he were an illusion!
In the moment that Luo Zheng activated the Thunder Calamity Annihilation, from the depths of their bloodline, a trace of throbbing throbbed. An intense sense of crisis was transmitted to them.
In that moment, the three Heavenly Rats seemed to have discussed this beforehand. They flew off in three different directions!
After losing his' propulsion ', Luo Zheng stopped moving once more. He floated up and down in the air, looking at the three rat shadows that scattered in all directions. His lips curved up in a smile.
"I can't escape …"
After the circle below was formed, the area within a radius of a thousand feet had become the land of tribulation.
All living creatures in this area would be baptized by the Thunder Calamity, except for Luo Zheng!
No matter how the three Heavenly Rats tried to escape, they were unable to escape from this place of tribulation. Their soybean-sized eyes were filled with terror, and at the same time, their squeaking sounds became sharp and urgent!
A huge pressure of heaven and earth appeared abruptly in the sky. The mysterious Taoist Connotation and Dharma were arranged neatly in the sky, which would only appear when someone was going through a tribulation. But Luo Zheng had forcibly attracted the Thunder Calamity.
"Boom!"
In the sky, a lightning bolt as thick as a dragon circled around, and then fell down!
This Thunder Calamity, which was attracted by Luo Zheng, began to baptize the area within a radius of a hundred feet.
Even at this moment, the three Heavenly Rats didn't choose to give up. They exerted their speed to the limit, and could even drill in the gaps between the forked lightning …
But the power of the Thunder Calamity Annihilation was too great. It almost completely covered the area within a radius of a thousand feet. It was a saturated attack. As more and more lightning bolts appeared, they became bigger and bigger. There were no loopholes or gaps at all. The three Heavenly Rats couldn't escape!
After dozens of breaths, the sky gradually returned to normal.
The three Heavenly Rats fell to the ground, and their bodies were scorched. Soon after, their corpses gradually dissipated. At the same time, each Heavenly Rat produced thousands of fantasy points, which flew toward Luo Zheng.
"There are actually 3,000 fantasy points?" Luo Zheng's face revealed a smile.
His original goal was that cave, but he didn't expect the reward of the Heavenly Rats to be so good. However, 3,000 fantasy points were nothing compared to other warriors!