Luo Zheng didn't even bother to check his ranking.
It wasn't that he didn't want to fight for a good ranking in the Illusory Battlefield. In fact, since he chose to enter, he wouldn't give up any chance to reach the top!
However, the Illusory Battlefield had just opened, so Luo Zheng wasn't in a hurry.
After absorbing those fantasy points, Luo Zheng's gaze fell on the cave. This cave was actually guarded by three Heavenly Rats. What was hidden inside?
As Luo Zheng walked towards the cave, the revolving light slowly moved over and blocked in front of Luo Zheng.
At the same time, a sentence appeared in Luo Zheng's mind.
To enter the Evil Wind Cave, you need to pay 300,000 fantasy points!
300,000 fantasy points. Luo Zheng's face suddenly revealed a bitter smile.
Currently, he had collected less than 4,000 Fantasy Points. The difference was probably a little huge.
Luo Zheng was slightly depressed that he couldn't enter after using so many techniques. However, Luo Zheng remembered this place. Not only were there three divine beasts guarding it, but he also needed to pay 300,000 fantasy points to enter the cave. What exactly was inside?
After thinking about it, Luo Zheng didn't stay here. His figure rolled back and flew into the sky. He quickly returned to where he came from!
"Hu ~"
After 30 minutes, the main city once again appeared in Luo Zheng's sight.
At this moment, a demon race warrior in silver armor was crazily waving a pair of large blood axes in his hands. His body was surrounded by bloody aura!
This demon race warrior was the "Young Master Hao" that Luo Zheng had encountered in the city!
This Young Master Hao's background was also extraordinary. Although he wasn't a core disciple of a tenth-grade Holy Land, he came from a noble family in the demon race that was comparable to a tenth-grade Holy Land. This noble family was also quite famous in the demon race!
This time, when the Illusory Battlefield opened, he obtained a precious treasure from his family!
Not only did he put on the Holy Demon Armor, but he also took the Demon Blood Axes!
In the past several hours, Young Master Hao had organized the Demon Race martial artists and wiped out all the martial artists of the other races in one fell swoop. By himself, he had slaughtered six hundred human martial artists and three or four hundred martial artists of the other races. Altogether, the number of martial artists he had killed was over a thousand!
In the first round, he had earned more than 50,000 fantasy points. His ranking in the Illusory Battlefield immediately rushed to the top!
After these warriors were resurrected, he slaughtered a second round. The second death of warriors would reduce the fantasy points in their body by half. This time, he only obtained more than 20,000 fantasy points. After two rounds of slaughter, he had obtained a total of 70,000 fantasy points!
Under his greed, Young Master Hao originally wanted to slaughter a third round..........
...... but they weren't stupid.... but they weren't fools...
However, none of them were fools. After being killed once or twice, they all understood why they had to be manipulated by others.
Dying would only cause them to lose fantasy points. How could they be killed for no reason? Moreover, they had been staying in the city and were in an absolutely safe state. What could Young Master Hao do to them?
It wasn't just the warriors who were killed that had this thought. Even the demon race warriors who helped Young Master Hao had thought it through!
Everyone entered the Illusory Battlefield either to compete for a ranking or to gain experience. Young Master Hao might have a lot of charisma outside, but if he wanted to order people around here, there was no way. Although they were all demon race warriors, standing in the Illusory Battlefield, they were enemies....
Right now, Young Master Hao could only search for his own targets to obtain more fantasy points.
He was born in a famous family and had the hopes of many elders. Naturally, he hoped to obtain a good result!
However, not long after Young Master Hao left the city, he was targeted by a few demon race warriors.
In the beginning, Young Master Hao took advantage of everyone's lack of understanding of the rules to earn so many fantasy points. Naturally, there were people who were jealous. Killing Young Master Hao once would give them 30,000 to 40,000 fantasy points. This was a step to the top!
But Young Master Hao's strength was not bad. His talent was enough to enter the core disciples of some Holy Lands!
Moreover, he had treasures. Along the way, not only had he not been killed, but he had also killed five or six warriors and earned many points.
"Roar … Let's see how many of you trash I'll kill!" Young Master Hao activated his bloodline power at this moment. Bronze Blood!
This Bronze Blood was similar to the demon race's Berserk Blood. It could make a warrior forget pain for a short period of time. His strength would double, and he would become more excited. Rao Yong! However, the Bronze Blood's amplification was greater than the Berserk Blood. The damage to the body was less.
Since the three demon race warriors besieging him dared to find Young Master Hao, they weren't easy to deal with.
In the beginning, the three of them were able to suppress Young Master Hao. But after Young Master Hao's Bronze Blood was activated, he became fiercer and fiercer. This time, they were forced to retreat!
"Pu!"
In a moment of carelessness, the blood axe chopped down on one of the Demon Race cultivators. This heavy axe chopped down and split the Demon Race cultivator in two from head to toe!
After the demon race warrior fell, he turned into a red light and returned to the main city to revive. As for those fantasy points, they were naturally absorbed by Young Master Hao!
After one of them was killed by Young Master Hao, the remaining two were unable to resist. One of them even turned and ran, wanting to escape back to the main city!
But how could Young Master Hao, who had activated his Bronze Blood, let these two escape?
With a roar, a mysterious mark appeared on the Blood Axe in his hands. Then, he threw the Blood Axe in front of him!
"Hu hu hu …"
The two demon race warriors heard the sound of a heavy object flying from behind them. Before they could turn their heads to look, they saw the Blood Axe split into two, then two into four. Suddenly, countless Blood Axes appeared in the air!
"I'll cut you to pieces!"
With Young Master Hao's roar, the Blood Axes chopped down on the two demon race warriors at the same time.
In an instant, it was as if countless people were holding Blood Axes and chopping down. The two demon race warriors were directly chopped into pieces by the Blood Axes …
"Hu hu hu …"
The Blood Axes constantly merged together and finally returned to Young Master Hao's hands as two Blood Axes.
The Blood Axes in Young Master Hao's hands could indeed be regarded as first-grade divine artifacts. Many of the spectating warriors on the city walls were silent.
"Those Blood Axes … I thought they were illusions!"
"Humph, this Young Master Hao's strength is actually ordinary. He only relies on his family's Bronze Blood and those two divine artifacts!"
"With these two divine artifacts in hand, his offense is unparalleled. Moreover, he is invulnerable!"
Because of the strength that Young Master Hao displayed, the warriors in the city once again did not dare to leave the city …
Young Master Hao held the two Blood Axes in his hands and knocked the blunt side of the Blood Axes against his chest armor. Under the stimulation of the Bronze Blood, he roared at the warriors in the main city, "Idiots! Quickly come out and let me kill you! Other than contributing your own fantasy points, what else can you do? "
It had to be said that Young Master Hao was considered one of the smarter ones among the demon race. When he first stepped into the Illusion Battlefield, he was able to persuade the warriors of the same race to help him accumulate fantasy points.
Now that Young Master Hao had accumulated enough fantasy points, he was provoking them. The targets of his provocation were naturally not limited to foreign warriors. In fact, the warriors he was facing now were all from the demon race!
"You Pi! You go! "
"Damn it, I helped him kidnap so many human warriors before, but now he's biting back!"
"Sigh, this is the Illusion Battlefield. There is no distinction between races. We were stupid at the beginning!"
"Bang bang bang bang bang!"
Young Master Hao's two Blood Axes kept hitting his chest armor. The sound was earth-shattering. His pupils were dark red, but there was a trace of green in the dark red. That was the effect of the Bronze Blood.