Luo Zheng didn't restrain his aura at all.
It was just that this Young Master Hao was in a state of excitement, so he completely ignored the person behind him.
When Luo Zheng was only three steps away from Young Master Hao, Young Master Hao suddenly turned around. Under the control of the bronze blood, his body's instincts had replaced his thoughts!
He didn't even see Luo Zheng clearly. Under his conditioned reflex, Young Master Hao subconsciously launched an offensive against Luo Zheng.
The pair of massive blood axes flashed with a bloody light, spreading out a thick blood energy. The two axes slashed horizontally and vertically, as if someone had used an ink brush to draw a thick and colorful painting in front of him!
Hu hu hu hu …
Every swing of the axes was wrapped in a powerful aura!
Under the urging of the bronze blood, Young Master Hao's offensive didn't have any moves to speak of, nor did he need to use any!
Under such brute force, it was like mountains were collapsing and the earth was splitting apart. Everything within the area it enveloped would be completely annihilated. There was no fear or consideration!
Generally speaking, in the face of such an offensive, the vast majority of martial artists would choose to retreat first and look for another opportunity.
Facing a Demon Race martial artist head on, especially one who had activated the bronze blood, was an absolutely unwise choice!
However, Luo Zheng didn't retreat.
No matter how fast the blood axes swung, Luo Zheng's figure always maintained a distance of three inches from the blood axes.
He was like a butterfly in a storm. That storm could destroy houses and trees, but this little butterfly would always flutter in the wind, never falling!
This scene left the many martial artists hiding in the main city dumbfounded!
The main city was still some distance away from Luo Zheng. From their point of view, it was like Luo Zheng's entire body was glued to the blood axes.
This created an illusion. It was as if Young Master Hao didn't want to use the axes to cut down Luo Zheng, but instead, he wanted to shake Luo Zheng off the axes. But no matter how hard he tried, he couldn't shake Luo Zheng off …
"This guy, what did he do? How did he do it?"
"I'm guessing that he must have cultivated some strange cultivation method that allows him to stick to the blood axes!"
"That's not right. If Young Master Hao was stuck to the axes, then wouldn't that boy be dead?"
Atop the city walls, many Demon Race martial artists stared blankly at this scene, involuntarily discussing amongst themselves.
However, just as their voices fell, Young Master Hao really did it. This illusion wasn't unique to other martial artists. Young Master Hao also had this strange feeling......... this boy was stuck to his axes......
Thus, he raised the pair of blood axes high up, and was about to smash them down heavily!
...........................................
"Boom!"
The two Blood Axes were embedded in the ground and immediately split open a huge crack in the ground!
This crack extended all the way to the front, extending for more than ten miles. It could be said to be a small canyon!
.......
. "" This human martial artist is really strange. He's like a slippery loach! "
The martial artists atop the city walls were stunned once again!
At this moment, Luo Zheng's figure was floating at the end of the blood axes. His feet were still three inches away from the blood axes.
Even under the stimulation of the Bronze Blood, Young Master Hao paused his attack and couldn't help but size up the person in front of him!
"It's you!"
At this moment, Young Master Hao finally recognized Luo Zheng.
It was one of the two human martial artists before the Fantasy Battlefield opened!
Young Master Hao had misjudged at that time. He didn't expect these two human martial artists to have such extraordinary strength that they could kill 11 Demon Race martial artists in an instant.
Even so, Young Master Hao didn't take these two people to heart.
In Young Master Hao's opinion, the real experts would choose to block the city gates to farm Fantasy Points. These two human martial artists chose to leave because they were confident.
What he didn't know was that the efficiency of blocking the city gates was relatively low. Who would be willing to go out of the city to die?
In Luo Zheng's eyes, martial artists like Young Master Hao who used "blocking the city gates" to earn Fantasy Points were just sheep eating grass. Now that he had returned, he would definitely choose to slaughter this sheep …....
. "It's me," Luo Zheng said with a faint smile on his face.
"Haha, good. Let's see how far you can hide!" Young Master Hao laughed wildly. Although he was afraid of Luo Zheng's strange movement technique, under the effect of the Bronze Blood, he didn't have any fear. The pair of blood axes staggered and then attacked from both sides, one above and one below.
If Luo Zheng was hit by these two blood axes, he would be directly cut into three pieces!
This time, Luo Zheng didn't choose to dodge!
After the white smoke on his body dispersed, Luo Zheng opened his hands. His eyes were fixed on Young Master Hao, and a faint smile still appeared on his face.
"Shua shua!"
Luo Zheng's hands were like snakes coming out of their holes. In an instant, he grabbed the two blood axes.
Young Master Hao's two slashes were enough to split mountains and split the earth!
Almost all the martial artists thought that Luo Zheng would use that strange movement technique to dodge again.
However, Luo Zheng didn't dodge this time. Instead, he directly stretched out his hand and grabbed the Demon Race martial artist's axe with his bare hands! Luo Zheng's ten fingers were deeply embedded in the surface of the blood axes. This Secondary Grade One Divine Tool had ten deep grooves dug out by his fingers.
This side of the main city suddenly quieted down.
These Demon Race martial artists were ruthless by nature, and because of their massive bodies, the Demon Race martial artists lived in very noisy places. Just a slight opening of their mouths would cause their voices to shake the heavens. There weren't many things that could make them so quiet!
Something that defied common sense appeared in front of their eyes.
This human martial artist actually used his bare hands to catch Young Master Hao's two axes!
In this universe, all the races focused on different things. It could be said that every race displayed their strengths to the extreme.
Humans were suited for True Cultivation, the Demon Race was suited for Body Tempering, and the Demon Night Clan was innately strong. Choosing any one of these was a good choice …
99% of the Demon Race martial artists would choose Body Tempering, and this Young Master Hao was an outstanding Demon Race Body Tempering master. But no matter how they looked at it, this human boy seemed to be a martial artist that cultivated true essence.
In a situation where they couldn't feel any true essence fluctuations from his body, he had actually caught Young Master Hao's two blood axes with his bare hands!
In the eyes of these Demon Race martial artists, this was simply like seeing a ghost!
To be so easily defeated in one's own field of expertise, this sort of setback was extremely difficult to bear. It was a great blow to them.
What was even more frightening was that Luo Zheng's ten fingers had actually directly dug out grooves in this Secondary Grade One Divine Tool!
This was a Lesser Grade One God Artifact … and this Blood Axe was huge and heavy. It was far stronger than swords, spears, and sabers. Axes and hammers of the same grade consumed several times more materials than weapons of the same grade, and the Blood Axe itself was much stronger.
The facts were placed in front of them. Many Demon Race martial artists subconsciously shook their heads, as if they didn't want to believe it. But, their eyes wouldn't deceive them.
"How did he do it …?"
"There are no true essence fluctuations. This human boy doesn't seem to cultivate the true essence system!"
"No, he isn't a Body Tempering master. I don't feel any eruption of astral essence!"
Many Demon Race martial artists stared at Luo Zheng. After a moment of silence, they began to discuss amongst themselves. Their voices were particularly loud …
And in this discussion, they came to an even more terrifying conclusion.
Luo Zheng hadn't relied on true essence or astral essence. He had used his own mortal body and his own strength to block these two blood axes!
"Where the hell did this freak crawl out from …" A Demon Race cultivator suddenly blurted out such a sentence.
Compared to outsiders, Young Master Hao's shock was likely countless times greater …
He had hidden the bronze blood deep within him and was a legitimate descendant of the Demon Race's Gold Family. Although he couldn't compare to those World Lords or Empyrean descendants, he was still qualified to become a core disciple of a tenth-grade Holy Land! Whether it was his talent or his bloodline, he was the best of the best.
After the bronze blood erupted, it could cause his strength to increase by three times. When combined with the Refined Blood Astral Essence that he cultivated, even a Divine Realm powerhouse wouldn't be able to withstand the might of his axe!
But in front of him, this human boy who didn't seem strong or tall had actually grabbed his axe with his bare hands?
As he looked at Luo Zheng's faint smile, a deep sense of humiliation rose up from the bottom of his heart. And what was worse was that he couldn't pull out this pair of blood axes!
＝＝＝＝＝