The brown muscles on Young Master Hao's arms bulged. The meridians on his arms were like small snakes wriggling on them!
In his red eyes, the green light became more and more intense. The bronze blood had been pushed to the extreme!
In the lower realm, this power was enough to overturn mountains and shatter the earth.
But such a powerful force couldn't pull the two axes out of Luo Zheng's hands!
"Just a little bit more … This human brat's strength should be at the end of his tether!"
Even so, Young Master Hao didn't choose to give up!
"Chop them down!"
Young Master Hao roared. He gave up on the idea of pulling the blood axes out. Instead, he used his strength in the opposite direction and squeezed the blood axes in the middle again!
But the blood axes still didn't move. They seemed to be completely embedded in Luo Zheng's hands. It was as if they were one with Luo Zheng. No matter which direction he used his strength, the blood axes didn't react at all.
"Heh …"
Luo Zheng smiled. His hands that were holding the blood axes suddenly exerted more strength.
"Crack …"
Several cracks began to spread rapidly between Luo Zheng's hands. Soon, they covered the entire surface of the axes.
"Crack …"
Soon, the blood axes turned into countless pieces in front of everyone's eyes!
As for Young Master Hao, he was holding two bare axes. He stood there in a daze. The two axes had turned into two "short sticks" in a blink of an eye. He couldn't accept it.
He didn't care about the blood axes.
These two blood axes were the most precious treasures of his family. But this was the Illusory Battlefield. When warriors entered with weapons, they were projections. They couldn't use them in the Illusory Battlefield. But outside of the Illusory Battlefield, they didn't lose anything. Because of this, in this Illusory Battlefield, all the divine weapons and supreme divine weapons of the major races appeared. The supreme divine weapons that originally belonged to Realm Lords, Great Realm Lords, and even Heavenly Venerables were brought into the Illusory Battlefield by the Divine Sea Realm warriors!
What Young Master Hao couldn't accept was Luo Zheng's power and the strength of his hands!
A guy who could crush a first-grade divine weapon …
This scene was like a bolt of lightning, exploding in his head. He realized that he had met a monster.
"It's over!"
Luo Zheng didn't want to waste too much time on Young Master Hao. His purpose of returning to the main city this time was to reap the benefits. Young Master Hao was obviously Luo Zheng's first target.
In Luo Zheng's eyes, Young Master Hao's strength was far inferior to Tong Tian Rat's.
Although Young Master Hao's strength was considered extraordinary among the Demon Race warriors, Luo Zheng had never been defeated by a warrior of the same level of strength. Not to mention the same level of strength, even a Divine Realm warrior couldn't compete with him in terms of strength!
....
Luo Zheng's finger touched Young Master Hao's forehead, and his huge head turned into a bloody mist. His headless body fell backwards.
.....
. After the burly body fell to the ground, it began to dissipate slowly. A red light spot shot back into the main city.
At the same time, a large number of fantasy points escaped from Young Master Hao's body. These yellow light spots quickly shot into Luo Zheng's body. Luo Zheng's fantasy points were increasing rapidly!
Many of the Demon Race warriors on the city wall had envious looks on their faces.
Young Master Hao had accumulated 70,000 to 80,000 fantasy points. Now that Luo Zheng had killed Young Master Hao once, he could obtain half of Young Master Hao's fantasy points. This reward was very generous.
Young Master Hao had painstakingly accumulated half of Young Master Hao's fantasy points as a wedding dress for Luo Zheng.
"A total of 37,400 Fantasy Points … In addition to the Fantasy Points I've accumulated before, I now have over 40,000 Fantasy Points. In this large world, I'm ranked … 520,000. In the Fantasy Battlefield, I'm ranked 24,000,000 …"
This ranking was already a top-notch existence for many martial artists.
After all, this involved the competition of hundreds of millions of warriors. There were a large number of geniuses in front of Luo Zheng!
However, Luo Zheng also revealed a wry smile. He was far behind. There were more than 20 million Divine Sea Realm warriors in front of him.
After checking, Luo Zheng glanced at the Demon Race warriors on the city wall.
Previously, when Young Master Hao had activated the Bronze Blood, these Demon Race warriors didn't dare to leave the city. Now, facing Luo Zheng, how could they dare to leave the main city?
However, when the forest was big, there were all kinds of birds!
Some warriors didn't come for the ranking or fantasy points. They entered the Illusory Battlefield to challenge themselves. They wanted to experience life and death and try to break through their shackles.
"Whoosh whoosh …"
Just as Luo Zheng was about to leave, three or four Demon Race warriors suddenly rushed out from the city wall. These Demon Race warriors were heading straight for Luo Zheng!
Luo Zheng sized up these Demon Race warriors indifferently. They were only at the early stage of the Divine Sea Realm and had ordinary talents. They were not Luo Zheng's opponents at all. However, since they were willing to give him fantasy points, how could Luo Zheng refuse?
These warriors wanted to challenge Luo Zheng because they wanted to know the gap between themselves and the strong warriors.
Unfortunately, even though they were warriors of the Divine Sea Realm, the gap between them and Luo Zheng was still too big … Even if they were warriors of the Extreme God Realm, Luo Zheng could easily kill them if they were of average talent, let alone these warriors of the Divine Sea Realm with average talent.
They didn't even see clearly how Luo Zheng attacked before they were sent back to the main city by Luo Zheng.
After Luo Zheng killed these people, he was in a daze …
Although he knew that these Divine Sea Realm warriors didn't have many fantasy points, he didn't expect it to be so little. Four Divine Sea Realm warriors only had two fantasy points!
Two of them contributed one fantasy point each. The other two were completely empty. They didn't have any fantasy points at all!
Luo Zheng left the main city at the beginning. Naturally, he didn't know the madness of these warriors. After they were resurrected, they immediately went out of the city to find people to kill. After they died, they returned to the main city, resurrected, killed, and resurrected again. They didn't rest at all!
This was a group of lunatics who cultivated their Dao Heart. They didn't care about fantasy points at all. They just wanted to take advantage of the opening of the Illusory Battlefield to give themselves the perfect experience. The more powerful warriors they faced, the better!
After Luo Zheng took care of these four warriors, another three warriors came straight at Luo Zheng.
This time, even Luo Zheng didn't have much interest. Although Luo Zheng couldn't determine how many fantasy points they had, he could roughly estimate their strength based on the aura emitted by these warriors. Warriors with weak strength were destined to not have many fantasy points!
Therefore, Luo Zheng crossed the space with one step. He flickered along the main city and quickly disappeared in front of everyone's eyes.
After Luo Zheng left, many warriors on the city wall just sighed. Then, the outside of the city became lively again …
This main city wasn't small. After Luo Zheng rushed out for a distance, he encountered another "sheep". This demon warrior's strength was similar to that Young Master Hao. He was also constantly harvesting fantasy points from ordinary warriors outside the city wall.
But in the end, he was unlucky and encountered Luo Zheng …
After a fierce battle, the Demon Race martial artist turned into a red light and flew into the main city.
Not long after returning to the main city, he encountered two "sheep". His luck was pretty good. After absorbing nearly 30,000 fantasy points, Luo Zheng's fantasy points had accumulated to about 70,000. His ranking rose rapidly again. In this large world, his ranking had reached 410,000. In the Illusory Battlefield, his overall ranking was 19,000,000!
But this ranking was still hard to notice in the countless pyramids in the outside world …
Previously, these warriors had worked hard to kill each other. They could only obtain 50 dream points for each person they killed. Now, Luo Zheng could obtain tens of thousands of dream points for each person he killed. A warrior like Young Master Hao was indeed working hard for a warrior like Luo Zheng!
However, Luo Zheng wasn't the only warrior who returned this time.
The grass was eaten by the sheep, and the sheep were eaten by the wolves …
Wolves like Luo Zheng had already begun to return. The first thing they did after returning to the main city was to clean up the fat sheep outside the city.