Throughout the entire Illusory Battlefield, 'sheep' were constantly being eaten!
Some martial artists that were originally at the top of the rankings began to rapidly fall …
As for some martial artists that weren't ranked high before, their rankings began to rapidly rise!
All the races were paying close attention to the pyramid in the Illusory Battlefield, paying attention to the movements of the rankings …
Although they were paying attention to the names of the top geniuses of the various races, they were also paying attention to a single person's name. That was Luo Zheng.
Currently, Luo Zheng was probably the most familiar name in the entire universe. Even the top geniuses of the various races, the sons of Empyreans, and the descendants of World Lords were no match for Luo Zheng.
The reason was simple – it was because of the Roaring Command …
Of the trillions of lives in the universe, none of them were able to escape the sound of the Roaring Command. That mysterious young girl had also shouted out the name 'Luo Zheng' more than once.
Several years ago, Luo Zheng had been besieged by dozens of Empyreans and even killed several Empyreans. At that time, the entire universe was in an uproar!
Since ancient times, perhaps Luo Zheng was the only martial artist with such a reputation. Even Empyreans weren't capable of such a feat.
It wasn't just Yun Luo and the others who were searching for Luo Zheng's ranking. The Demi-Immortal Race and even the many busybodies in the universe were also constantly searching.
After all, Luo Zheng's reputation was too great. Even many Empyreans were curious as to how Luo Zheng had performed in the Illusory Battlefield.
However, after searching for Luo Zheng's name, many people were disappointed …
The pyramid contained trillions of names. The number was unimaginable, and the names that had settled down at the bottom were stuck together, making it impossible to distinguish them.
The first few million names weren't too bad. After all, the names at the top had accumulated a considerable amount of Illusory Battlefield points, and the distance between them was quite wide!
Some busybodies searched for Luo Zheng's name from the top of the pyramid. But even after spending a great deal of effort and searching for tens of millions of names, they still weren't able to find Luo Zheng.
"Doesn't this Luo Zheng have an amazing immortal mansion? How come he didn't even enter the top ten million? "
"It's very simple. This guy just got lucky and obtained an indestructible immortal mansion. His talent is probably average. Top ten million, hehe. Looks like this Luo Zheng's not even comparable to the geniuses of some core Holy Lands …"
"Indeed, ten million is a very low standard. It seems that a disaster will soon appear in the universe!" "That's right. Ten million is a very low standard.
"Disaster? What disaster's? "someone asked.
"Think. Think. 'Luo Zheng's. Luo's't's's't's. After Luo Zheng's, Luo Zheng' to's's, Luo Zheng's's's... Wouldn't such an immortal mansion cause all the Celestial Venerables in the universe to fight over it?! Nobody ''s's'... "
't't 'Might... ".
'' '''s Battlefield.., '' '''s's's Luo..... Luo '' '' '' '''t's't talking.
70,000 fantasy points and 19,000,000 rank. Naturally, Luo Zheng was not satisfied with this ranking.
After returning to the main city, Luo Zheng's' bottom line was 300,000 fantasy points. This amount of fantasy points was just enough to open the cave in the wilderness.
However, as Luo Zheng advanced around the main city's walls, the bitter smile on his face became more and more intense. Was there a problem with the Fantasy Battlefield's' rules?
It wasn't that Luo Zheng didn't want to kill others to obtain fantasy points. It was because he simply didn't have the opportunity!
More and more wolves were returning. Warriors like Luo Zheng who returned to the main city were killing people around the main city.
The area of this main city was huge. However, the warriors who had accumulated rich fantasy points had become smarter. They couldn't afford to provoke someone like Luo Zheng, but they could always hide, right?
Therefore, many "rich" warriors simply squatted in the main city and didn't come out.
Fighting was prohibited in the main city. Luo Zheng couldn't rush into the main city and kill people!
Not only did those warriors with rich fantasy points escape into the main city, but there were also some "suicide squads" that rushed out to challenge Luo Zheng.
Killing these guys didn't give any fantasy points. Many of them provoked Luo Zheng and even chased after him. Luo Zheng had no choice but to think of ways to get rid of them!
"There's a problem with the Fantasy Battlefield's' rules' design …"
Overall, there wasn't a big problem with the rules. If any warrior wanted to stand out, they had to kill other warriors. This was like big fish eating small fish, small fish eating shrimps, and shrimps eating mud …
However, the main city shouldn't have been arranged as a safe haven. This was too unfair to Luo Zheng.
However, the Fantasy Battlefield had just opened. If everyone started to shrink into the main city, they wouldn't be able to measure each other's strength. The Fantasy Battlefield would lose its original purpose. Soon, the rules would change.
Luo Zheng thought to himself as he ran around the main city.
However, just as he passed by a corner of the city wall, he saw purple flames curling up in front of him. A violent explosion sounded in front of him.
"Hu hu hu …"
Within the wind pressure produced by the violent explosions, there were actually green wind blades! One could only imagine how violent the explosion was!
After those light ribbons slowly disappeared, a large pit appeared under the city wall. It was a pit that was thousands of feet wide and hundreds of feet deep …
On the city wall, many Demon Race warriors looked at the large pit with lingering fear. There were still wisps of purple flames rising from the pit.
"This Long Feng is indeed the successor of the Demon Flame Realm. He seems to have cultivated the Purple Return Flame to the extreme! The power just now was too exaggerated! "
"Hehe, Bai Ze was so arrogant when he just returned. He killed seven people in two hours and accumulated nearly 200,000 fantasy points … I didn't expect Long Feng to kill Bai Ze in just three moves! Three moves! "
"The strongest warrior in our city is probably none other than Long Fei!"
Many warriors on the city wall stared at the large pit and discussed. Their voices naturally reached Luo Zheng's ears.
"Long Feng …"
The name was not important, but Luo Zheng heard a very important piece of information. This Long Feng seemed to be one step faster than Luo Zheng. He had accumulated 200,000 fantasy points in a short period of time. This speed was indeed much faster than Luo Zheng.
In fact, before Luo Zheng, many warriors had returned to the main city. After obtaining some fantasy points, they quickly hid in the main city. When Luo Zheng returned, those sheep had basically been cleaned up! Therefore, Luo Zheng only encountered two "sheep" along the way.
Not long after, a slightly thin figure slowly rose from the large pit!
This person was the Long Feng that everyone was talking about. Under his feet, the purple Demon Flame transformed into a giant hand and lifted Long Feng up.
Although Long Feng was also a warrior of the Demon Race, his body was not as tall as the Demon Race. Although he was still much more burly than humans, he was relatively "pocket-sized" among the majestic Demon Race.
When Long Feng emerged from the cave, his gaze swept across the area. When he saw the many warriors huddled in the city walls, a mocking expression appeared on his face!
This group of cowards, even if they took the initiative to walk out of the city, he would be too lazy to kill them!
However, when Long Feng's gaze swept along the edge of the city wall and extended to the end of the city wall, he saw a figure floating in the corner.
It was none other than Luo Zheng, who was dressed in green!
Long Feng's face suddenly revealed a slightly puzzled expression. Why didn't this human warrior hide in the city wall?
He, Long Feng, was the successor of the Demon Flame World. Conquering the main city in front of him was just an insignificant goal. He wanted to collide with the real top experts in this Fantasy Battlefield!
From the beginning to the end, Long Feng had never put this main city in his eyes. He had never put the warriors in this main city in his eyes.
Therefore, when he saw that Luo Zheng did not hide from him, he was so puzzled. Was this human warrior scared silly by him?