The smile on Luo Zheng's face was undoubtedly very dazzling in Long Qin's eyes.
The Human Race was considered a very powerful race in the universe. However, in this main city, the Demon Race martial artists occupied the absolute majority!
The other races were unintentionally assigned to this main city. These people were just cannon fodder.
Now that Long Qin was standing here, the thousands of martial artists in the main city did not dare to take a step out … Was this Human Race youth an idiot?
Luo Zheng's smile was indeed somewhat dazzling at this moment.
Long Qin did not know that although he was one of the plunderers in this main city, in Luo Zheng's eyes, he was a big fat sheep. At this moment, Luo Zheng was still afraid that Long Qin would escape back to the main city.
Two hundred thousand fantasy points. Even if he took half, he would still have one hundred thousand fantasy points. Luo Zheng only had a total of seventy thousand fantasy points!
"Where did this Human Race martial artist come from? He actually went straight for Long Qin?"
"Does he want to die?"
"I know this guy. He killed Young Master Hao in the southwest before! He's also a powerful character! He crushed Young Master Hao's double axes with his bare hands! That's a first-grade inferior divine artifact! "
A first-grade inferior divine artifact was nothing in Luo Zheng's eyes.
However, in the eyes of many Divine Sea Realm martial artists, it was a treasure that could only be encountered but not sought.
"Is this guy so overbearing?"
Hearing this, the Demon Race martial artists in the main city also looked at Luo Zheng in a higher light.
"Even so, he's not Long Qin's opponent. They … are not on the same level. Long Qin has already comprehended his own profound meaning in the Law of Fire. He actually took the initiative to provoke Long Qin. I'm afraid he thinks he has too many fantasy points!"
During this discussion, a small number of Human Race martial artists' eyes also flashed with a touch of light!
These Human Race martial artists were unintentionally assigned to this main city and could only admit that they were unlucky. Although the Illusion Battlefield did not discriminate between races and only looked at strength, and these Demon Race martial artists also killed each other. However, as long as this small number of Human Race martial artists left the main city, without exception, they would be the first target.
Firstly, the Human Race martial artists in this main city were indeed weaker. Secondly, they were of different races and were indeed more vulnerable to attack.
Hearing that the human youth in front of them had such strength, they felt a little proud. It could be said that he had helped them vent their anger.
But when they saw the Dragon Bird fight, they couldn't help but worry for Luo Zheng. After all, the strength displayed by the Dragon Bird was too terrifying. The strength of this human youth in front of them might be good, but it would be too difficult for him to fight against the Dragon Bird …
More and more martial artists gathered on the city wall.
They also wanted to see what this human youth had that made him dare to challenge a dragon bird like this.
Outside the city walls, the gazes of the two were locked onto each other. Both of them were worried, but they were afraid that the other party would cower and flee into the city!
However, as the distance between the two of them narrowed, both of them realized that their worries were unnecessary!
Both of them saw a strong self-confidence in the eyes of both of them. This kind of self-confidence was not deliberately faked. This kind of self-confidence was constantly accumulated through battle after battle, a self-confidence that had seeped into their bones.
"I don't know where your self-confidence comes from," When the distance between the two sides was only a hundred feet, the Dragon Bird faintly said. Staring at Luo Zheng, his eyes revealed a faint trace of ridicule, "But if you fight me, I will let you understand what despair is … you should be glad that this is the Dreamland Battlefield. At the very least, you won't die here."
Luo Zheng's eyes were calm as he smiled and said, "You can think of me as overestimating myself."
The Dragon Bird's eyes flashed and a majestic aura was suddenly released. This aura contained his comprehension of the Laws of Fire, so even though it was just an aura, it gave off an abnormally hot feeling. Standing in front of the Dragon Bird was like standing in a blazing furnace!
"What an interesting human martial artist …"
As soon as his voice fell, the Dragon Bird suddenly stretched out his hand and gently raised it. A ball of purple flames appeared in his hand out of thin air. As he gently squeezed it, the ball of flames suddenly extinguished.
At the same time that the purple flames were extinguished, in a radius of a hundred feet around Luo Zheng, balls of purple flames were born at the same time. The Dragon Bird faintly smiled. The moment he took a step forward, a raging flame suddenly rose from his back. The flame split into two and turned into a pair of purple flame wings. Like a roc spreading its wings, the Dragon Bird swooped straight towards Luo Zheng!
Facing the Dragon Bird's attack, Luo Zheng's figure appeared to be a little flustered. In the eyes of everyone, he seemed to want to avoid the Dragon Bird's attack, but whether it was his speed or the direction he chose, they were all inferior!
The Dragon Bird's fist smashed into Luo Zheng's body and suddenly a ball of purple flames several feet in size burst out!
Immediately after, a figure was ejected from the purple flames like a sharp arrow and heavily smashed into the ground.
"Boom!"
With a loud noise, the figure smashed a big hole in the ground.
After the purple flames dissipated, the Dragon Bird's figure was still floating in the air. Naturally, the one who was smashed down was Luo Zheng …
"Heh, I thought this Human Clan cultivator had some skills. It seems that he is far inferior to Bai Ze!"
"He was defeated with one punch. The Dragon Bird hasn't even used his Profound Meaning …"
"He can't even withstand a single blow. Boring!"
The Dragon Bird didn't pursue. He looked down at the big hole below with a sarcastic expression, but a trace of doubt arose in his heart.
Generally speaking, the more talented cultivators tended to have more sensitive intuition. They could judge the other party's strength from the other party's confidence, bearing, and expression. This judgment wasn't absolute, but it was often close to the mark.
Although the Dragon Bird looked down on Luo Zheng verbally, Luo Zheng's indifferent expression gave him a faint sense of pressure.
The Dragon Bird ridiculed him verbally because he looked down on him strategically, but he didn't take him lightly in terms of tactics. In fact, he didn't hold back at all when he attacked just now!
This move, "Phoenix Soaring Flame Dragon", looked ordinary, but its power was extraordinary …
Now it seemed that the effect was indeed good. At least, Luo Zheng couldn't dodge his move. However, the Dragon Bird faintly felt that something was wrong.
Perhaps he was just being oversensitive …
The Dragon Bird looked at the Human Clan cultivator below indifferently. At this moment, Luo Zheng had climbed out of the big hole and was looking at him with a serious expression. There seemed to be a hint of unwillingness in his eyes.
"Heh heh, don't look at me like that." The Dragon Bird's figure swayed slightly, and the two purple flame wings unfolded behind him again. "Compared to you, you have accumulated a lot of fantasy points before … but in my opinion, you are just a sheep, and I am a wolf …"
As he spoke, his figure flashed again, and a path of flames appeared where he passed!
Looking at the rapidly approaching Dragon Bird, Luo Zheng's eyes flashed with a trace of craftiness …
It wasn't difficult for Luo Zheng to accumulate fantasy points. It was just that the Illusion Battlefield's rules were quite deceptive. He could take away half of the Dragon Bird's fantasy points in this battle, but if the Dragon Bird lost to him, he would probably hide in the city forever!
The Dragon Bird had a lot of fantasy points. Luo Zheng had to give the Dragon Bird a reason, a reason to not admit defeat.
"Boom!"
Luo Zheng's figure swayed slightly again, as if he wanted to do his best to avoid the Dragon Bird's attack. However, he still couldn't avoid it for the second time!
As a ball of purple flame exploded, Luo Zheng's figure was once again sent flying and heavily slammed into the city wall.
The city wall was built according to the rules of the Illusion Battlefield. Naturally, it was an indestructible existence. Such a violent impact didn't destroy the city wall, and Luo Zheng's entire body was stuck on the city wall.
Even though Luo Zheng's body was as tough as a divine artifact, when his body hit the city wall without any buffer, the blood in his body surged. However, for the sake of acting, Luo Zheng had no choice but to endure!
"Still not dead? You do have some skills … "
The Dragon Bird sighed slightly. He originally thought that Luo Zheng would directly crash into the city wall and die. This guy's tyrannical body should be a talent. Unfortunately, a tyrannical body alone was useless. He was just a target for the Dragon Bird to beat up.
Without thinking too much, the Dragon Bird charged at Luo Zheng again!
"Boom!"
"Boom!"
"Boom …"
After several collisions, the warriors on the city wall exclaimed again and again.
Luo Zheng, this living target, was too pitiful …
However, the moment the Dragon Bird charged at Luo Zheng again, Luo Zheng's mouth revealed an imperceptible smile.
"Almost there …"
＝＝＝＝＝