The Dragon Bird did the same thing as before, spreading its wings and flying towards Luo Zheng again.
Using Luo Zheng as a target for practice was a little fun for the Dragon Bird!
But this time, Luo Zheng didn't try to dodge the Dragon Bird's attack. Instead, he chose to face it head-on. He slightly flipped his left hand, and his right hand was vertically on one side!
Grappling Hand …
Seeing this scene, many warriors' expressions became strange again.
Most of the warriors of the Demon Race cultivated their bodies. Grappling Hand was the most basic martial art. It could be classified as a basic fist technique!
Relying on Grappling Hand to capture the Dragon Bird?
They increasingly felt that there was something wrong with Luo Zheng's brain …
The Dragon Bird smiled coldly. The wings on its back spread slightly, and its flying posture became more elegant. Its speed increased to the extreme, and it rushed towards Luo Zheng!
Although Luo Zheng's strength couldn't withstand a single blow, the Dragon Bird didn't lower its vigilance at all.
It didn't believe that Luo Zheng only had this much strength!
But no matter what tricks this guy played, the Dragon Bird believed that it was under its control. It was meaningless to play tricks in front of absolute strength.
"It's over!"
As it rushed towards Luo Zheng, the purple flame in its hand bloomed rapidly like a wild flower!
But at this moment, Luo Zheng's right hand shot out like lightning. With a light pinch, the purple flame was directly extinguished.
Then, his left hand twisted the Dragon Bird's arm like a snake. As Luo Zheng exerted force on his arm, an unfathomable power quietly emerged!
"Kacha!"
A clear cracking sound could be heard.
The Dragon Bird's arm was directly broken by Luo Zheng's single hand!
The Dragon Bird's face flashed with a touch of disbelief. Another ball of flame appeared in its other hand, and it wanted to smash down on Luo Zheng's head again!
But Luo Zheng followed suit. His right hand once again extinguished the flame with lightning speed, and at the same time, he grabbed the Dragon Bird's remaining hand!
With this grab, the Dragon Bird felt as if it was clamped by a pair of pliers. It was almost impossible for it to move.
Seeing this scene from above the city wall, the spectating cultivators were even more confused.
At the level of the Spirit Sea Realm, the two sides would either compete in the understanding of True Essence spells or the confrontation of Martial Skills.
Luo Zheng's sudden use of Grappling Hand was already somewhat inconceivable. Why did this Dragon Bird also want to play with Luo Zheng? The two of them were entangled like this. Were they going to compete in strength?
What they didn't know was that Long Fen was also complaining in his heart. Although Long Fen had guessed that Luo Zheng must have his own trump card, Long Fen had never thought that Luo Zheng's trump card would be his own physical strength.
Where did this guy get such terrifying strength from?!
Dragons were relatively small in size among demons, but they were still twice as tall and sturdy as Luo Zheng. It was indeed a very strange thing for them to be "captured" by Luo Zheng.
But Luo Zheng didn't give him time to think.
This Dragon Bird could be considered as a dual cultivator. In addition to cultivating the Law of Fire, his Body Refining Technique was also very powerful!
But Luo Zheng didn't give him a chance to use it at all!
While Long Fen was still puzzled and planning a counterattack, a force ten times stronger than before was transmitted from Luo Zheng's arm!
Facing such a majestic force, Long Fen didn't have the strength to resist at all. Or rather, he didn't have the time to resist at all.
Soon, he felt a heart-wrenching pain. His body, which was twice as big as Luo Zheng, was forcibly torn apart by Luo Zheng …
As a red speck of light shot into the main city, the densely packed dreamy specks emerged from the Dragonfowl's disappearing body. These yellow specks of light rapidly shot toward Luo Zheng's body!
10,000 …
50,000 …
100,000 …
140,000!
Originally, Luo Zheng thought that Long Fen only had 200,000 Fantasy Points in his body. He should be able to obtain 100,000 Fantasy Points by killing him once.
He didn't expect Long Fen to have accumulated nearly 300,000 Fantasy Points.
Luo Zheng originally had 70,000 Fantasy Points in his body. After absorbing the 140,000 Fantasy Points, his Fantasy Points suddenly shot up to 210,000!
As for the many cultivators on the city wall, they didn't envy Luo Zheng. Instead, most of them had puzzled expressions on their faces.
They couldn't even evaluate the scene that just happened because they didn't understand it at all.
Luo Zheng had been beaten up without fighting back. How did the two of them inexplicably get entangled in a fight? Then, Long Fen was suddenly torn apart by Luo Zheng?
This kind of battle already defied common sense.
After a while, a demon cultivator said, "Long Fen was defeated unjustly … He didn't even get to display his strength!"
"Long Fen is probably very unwilling!"
"It should be … He didn't even display his true strength!"
"After he revives, he will definitely look for this human cultivator."
Hearing this, Luo Zheng's face once again revealed a trace of an imperceptible smile.
This was the effect he wanted.
This Long Fen had so many Fantasy Points. It would be too wasteful to kill it just once.
Luo Zheng had previously shown weakness not because he wanted to numb Long Fen and turn the tables. Long Fen's strength was indeed not bad, but Luo Zheng still didn't put him in his eyes.
In this Fantasy Battlefield, there might be cultivators that Luo Zheng couldn't defeat, or even cultivators that could defeat Luo Zheng!
After all, the universe was too big. Luo Zheng was indeed very outstanding, but the strength of the super geniuses in the universe couldn't be underestimated. Just like Ai Anxin back then. In the Torch Flame inheritance, Luo Zheng might be able to suppress her in all aspects and was definitely slightly stronger than her. However, it wouldn't be easy for him to defeat Ai Anxin. Furthermore, there were many prodigies in the universe. They were stronger than Ai Anxin and had richer foundations and inheritances.
The battle outside the main city was just a foreshadowing of the Fantasy Battlefield's early stages.
Luo Zheng didn't expect to gain experience from these battles and grow. His only goal was to obtain Fantasy Points.
Previously, Luo Zheng had shown weakness and allowed Long Fen to beat him up to his heart's content. At this moment, he used an extremely ordinary grappling technique and his own strength to kill Long Fen.
Long Fen would definitely be very unconvinced. With his foundation, he must still have many trump cards that he hadn't used yet. He would definitely be unreconciled in his heart. After he returned to the main city and revived, he would most likely challenge Luo Zheng again.
This gave Luo Zheng a second chance to kill Long Fen.
Although he had already obtained half of Long Fen's Fantasy Points after killing it once, if Long Fen still had 140,000 Fantasy Points, Luo Zheng could obtain another 70,000 Fantasy Points if he killed Long Fen again!
"Hey … you, do you want to hide in the city? If Long Fen revives, he will definitely come looking for you! "
The one who spoke was a human cultivator. Most people felt that Luo Zheng's victory was inexplicable. They guessed that Luo Zheng had won by luck.
This human cultivator had good intentions but was worried about Luo Zheng. He had just obtained a large amount of Fantasy Points. If Long Fen took them back with interest, it would be a huge loss.
Hearing this kind reminder, Luo Zheng only smiled and nodded at the human cultivator. He didn't move and still stood outside the city. He looked indifferently in the direction of the main city and quietly waited.
In the main city, a red dot of light slowly floated.
As the red dot of light continued to float, it began to slowly grow larger. It gradually grew from the size of a fingertip to the size of a fist. Then, it rapidly expanded and formed a ball of light that was three meters wide. This ball of light was filled with the powerful laws of life!
There were some differences between reviving in the Fantasy Battlefield and the Fantasy Space.
After a martial artist died in the Fantasy Space, they would be kicked out of the space. When the martial artist entered again, they would be another projection.
But in the Fantasy Battlefield, after a martial artist died, they relied on the strength of the Heavenly Dao to completely 'revive' them. Thus, when some martial artists discovered that these balls of light were filled with intense Life Laws, they simply didn't leave the city. Instead, they specifically searched for these resurrected balls of light and meditated on the Life Laws within.
In any case, there were constantly people dying outside the main city and people constantly reviving. The main city was filled with red balls of light. For many martial artists who didn't have the chance to meditate on higher Source Laws, this was a chance to cultivate.
Not long after, a figure slowly condensed from this ball of light!