To Long Fen, this was a great humiliation!
He was actually killed by a human warrior in such a simple way. The anger in his heart was difficult to suppress.
In the end, it was because Luo Zheng's strength was too strong. With Long Fen's current cultivation, he was unable to resist Luo Zheng's terrifying strength.
However, this did not mean that Long Fen would lose to Luo Zheng!
A tyrannical physical body and innate divine strength. These two talents were not worth mentioning in Long Fen's eyes!
Long Fen still had great techniques that he had yet to use. Furthermore, he had comprehended the profundity of the fire-elemental laws. That was his own profundity! To a certain extent, it could be considered a karmic law that he had comprehended himself …
However, he had not been able to use so many techniques before he was killed by that human warrior. To put it bluntly, he had been tricked by Luo Zheng …
How could Long Fen be willing to accept this?
Therefore, as soon as he revived, he rushed out of the city in a hurry!
Now, Long Fen was worried that the human warrior was hiding in the main city.
However, while Long Fen was still in his soul state, he had already made up his mind. No matter where this kid was hiding, he would find him!
Unless this human warrior gave up on accumulating fantasy points, Long Fen would follow this kid all the way.
However, when Long Fen rushed to the top of the city wall and scanned with his eagle-like sharp eyes, he was slightly taken aback.
Not far away, Luo Zheng was floating in the air. It seemed that he had not moved a single step since he had killed Long Fen.
At this moment, Luo Zheng also noticed Long Fen. The corners of his mouth curled up, revealing a faint smile at Long Fen!
Seeing Luo Zheng's expression, the flames of anger not only filled his chest but also poured into his mind!
Long Fen did not hesitate at all. He leaped up from the city wall. At the same time, the pair of purple flame wings on his back suddenly rose. The pair of flame wings extended over a hundred feet and wrapped around Luo Zheng!
Actually, on normal days, Long Qin was a very alert martial artist!
In the Devil Flame World, the competition was also very fierce. The reason why the Dragonfowl could become the successor of the Devil Flame World's Master was not just because of talent!
From the very beginning, the Dragon Bird had regarded Luo Zheng as a "sheep". But now, it was being eaten by Luo Zheng, the sheep …
It could be said that Luo Zheng had successfully angered the dragon bird, making it lose its mind.
When a martial artist was in a state of rage, their strength would often be stronger, and they could even display strength that surpassed their own!
The dragon bird's attack was like a storm that had been brewing for a long time, and it was about to erupt.
"The Dragon Fowl is really angry …"
"This human martial artist is really calm. I wonder what his background is!"
"Could it be that this human brat has some other backing? Are you really not afraid of the dragons? "
Luo Zheng looked indifferently at the Dragon Bird's attack, but his body did not move. However, even the most observant warriors did not notice that a faint white halo had appeared under the ground.
He had calculated the time and had already started to extract the Chaotic Qi, and transformed it into the magic array of the Thunder Calamity. He quietly buried it one foot under the ground!
"Brat, I will let you know what the Reverse Purgatory Fire is!"
"Bang!"
After that, the Dragon Bird's momentum suddenly changed, and a faint red hexagonal pattern appeared between his eyebrows.
As the red hexagonal pattern rotated slowly, a great power seemed to be condensing …
However, before the Dragonfowl's attack was even ready, many of the cultivators in the city felt that something was wrong. And this strange feeling came from the sky!
A powerful pressure of heaven and earth came from the sky!
At the same time, dense Taoist Connotation appeared in the sky, and the Dharma began to condense!
This thing was no stranger to the martial artists present.
All the martial artists in the Illusory Battlefield were at the Divine Sea Realm. They had at least experienced several minor Heavenly Tribulations, and one or two major ones!
"Why is there a Heavenly Tribulation?"
"Can you pass the Heavenly Tribulation in the Illusory Battlefield … No way!"
"Wouldn't it be great if you could pass the Heavenly Tribulation in the Illusory Battlefield? There's no risk of dying here … "
For Luo Zheng and many other geniuses in the universe, passing the Heavenly Tribulation might not be that difficult. However, for many ordinary martial artists at the Divine Sea Realm, passing the Heavenly Tribulation was still a very dangerous thing. They could die if they were careless.
When they saw the approaching Thunder Calamity, their first reaction was that someone was passing the Heavenly Tribulation!
The strange phenomenon in the sky not only attracted the attention of the martial artists on the city wall, but also all the martial artists in the main city!
All the martial artists were curious. How could someone pass the Heavenly Tribulation here?
As for the Dragon Bird, he had begun to accumulate power in his anger. He planned to launch the fiercest attack and kill Luo Zheng here again and again! As long as he dared to leave the city, the Dragon Bird would kill him once and rob him of all his Illusory Points!
However, even though the Dragon Bird was burning with anger, he still noticed the strange phenomenon in the sky.
Someone was passing the Heavenly Tribulation?
He was stunned for a moment, but he didn't think too much about it. Right now, he had to get rid of Luo Zheng first!
Fire had thousands of changes. Using the heart of water to comprehend the Dao, the Hellfire burned the sky, the momentum of heaven and earth, refining …
This Reverse Purgatory Flame was the profound meaning that the Dragon Bird comprehended from the Law of Fire. It was unique in the entire universe!
Ordinary flames could be divided into two layers, the outer flame and the inner flame.
However, at this moment, a very special flame rose from the Dragon Bird's forehead. This flame, from the outer layer to the inner layer, had six different colors. In other words, this flame was divided into six layers.
If one took a closer look, they would discover that this was also an extremely beautiful flame. However, this magnificent flame also contained an extremely terrifying power!
In all these years of experience, the Dragon Bird had never been defeated when he used the Reverse Purgatory Flame!
However, before this flame was fully formed, a huge roar came from the sky.
"Boom …"
A thunderbolt in the clear sky had appeared in the sky!
Even if this heavenly thunder appeared, it couldn't stop the Dragon Bird's attack. He didn't mean that this Heavenly Dao was aimed at him. It could also be said that the Dragon Bird only had Luo Zheng in his eyes at this moment. As for this Heavenly Tribulation … since he wasn't the one transcending the tribulation, he directly ignored this Heavenly Tribulation.
However, there was a price to pay for ignoring danger. After the dragon bird finished accumulating its strength, it was about to burn the human warrior in front of it to ashes. But at this moment, the power of tribulation thunder was like a white waterfall that poured down from the sky, enveloping the dragon bird.
The cultivators who saw this scene couldn't help but feel their eyelids twitch wildly …
"This Heavenly Tribulation is actually targeting the Dragon Bird …"
"Could it be that the Heavenly Tribulation was attracted by that human cultivator?"
"How is that possible? Have you heard of anyone who can attract Heavenly Tribulation? Doesn't it only attract the punishment of the Heavenly Dao when one's cultivation breaks through? "
Heavenly Tribulation was a punishment that the Heavenly Dao couldn't tolerate a cultivator's strength. How could the Heavenly Dao be so stupid as to be attracted so easily?
The cultivators present had never heard of this kind of cultivation technique, so they naturally didn't believe it …
But why was this matter so coincidental?
Luo Zheng just happened to be waiting here, the Dragon Bird just happened to rush out, and the Heavenly Tribulation just happened to descend here?
How could there be so many coincidences in the world!
After the Heavenly Tribulation completely disappeared, the Dragon Bird's figure also dissipated, and a red light flew back into the city … At the same time, little yellow Fantasy Points were once again absorbed by Luo Zheng's body.
Luo Zheng had previously obtained 140,000 Fantasy Points after killing the Dragon Bird once. Now, after killing it again, Luo Zheng obtained 70,000 Fantasy Points again.
This meant that Luo Zheng obtained 210,000 Fantasy Points from this person …
"I wonder if this fellow will come again. 30,000 Fantasy Points isn't a small amount," Luo Zheng thought indifferently.