Among the warriors on the city wall, there were also some hidden powerhouses. Some of them were even stronger than the Dragon Bird.
Compared to the angry Dragon Bird, these powerhouses were much calmer.
When Luo Zheng killed the Dragon Bird for the first time and gained 140,000 fantasy points, some powerhouses could not hold back their impulse and wanted to go out of the city to challenge Luo Zheng.
They were also constantly evaluating Luo Zheng's strength in their hearts. Some of the warriors of the Devil Clan even secretly discussed whether they should join forces with him.
However, Luo Zheng always gave them an unfathomable feeling. In the end, they gave up on this idea.
Now, seeing the Dragon Bird killed by Luo Zheng for the second time, they also felt lucky. Fortunately, they did not join forces before. However, they could see that Luo Zheng did this intentionally …
To be able to play with the Dragon Bird in the palm of his hand, Luo Zheng's hidden strength was probably not limited to this.
Luo Zheng was still floating quietly in the air. There was still a faint smile on his face. In the eyes of many warriors, this smile was even more unfathomable.
Soon after, a figure rushed out of the city again. It was the Dragon Bird that had been killed twice by Luo Zheng!
Tripping over the same place twice was an unforgivable mistake. At this moment, the Dragon Bird was in an extremely bad mood, almost to the point of uncontrollable!
This was also the difference between the warriors of the Upper World and the warriors of the Lower World.
The resources and even the Qi of Heaven and Earth of the warriors of the Lower World could not be compared with the warriors of the Upper World. However, in order to break free from the Vast Thousand Worlds and ascend to the Upper World, the warriors of the Lower World had to put in much more effort and time than the warriors of the Upper World!
For example, the warriors of the Spirit Sea Realm in the Lower World could be called "mighty". They were already the top existences in the Vast Thousand Worlds. The time it took for them to cultivate to the Spirit Sea Realm was also countless times more than the warriors of the Upper World.
However, for the devil race's heaven's prides like Long Qin, who happened to be in the Great Era War, their cultivation speed was countless times faster. Their hearts of martial arts had not experienced the test of time, and they had even encountered fewer dangers. Although their strength was much stronger than the ascenders, their state of mind was far inferior.
Long Fowl could not accept such a failure. Now, Long Fowl was like an enraged beast. Losing fantasy points was no longer important. What he needed to do was vent. He needed to tear that human apart to vent the anger in his heart!
"Scram!"
Under the Dragon Bird's roar, the warriors gathered on the city walls opened up a gap. They watched as the Dragon Bird leaped up and climbed up the city walls. Then, with the help of this force, it charged out of the city walls again!
After completing this series of actions, he didn't even lock onto his target …
Seeing this scene, some experts hidden in the crowd secretly sighed. If this dragon bird could suppress its anger, it would have a chance to win against Luo Zheng. But now, its martial heart was in chaos. If it rushed out, it would only give fantasy points to that human boy!
Sure enough …
When Long Fowl rushed out of the city walls, it suddenly realized that Luo Zheng had disappeared.
In its anger, it only wanted to get out of the city and kill Luo Zheng. However, it didn't notice Luo Zheng's position at all!
While Long Fowl was floating in the air in a daze, a faint voice sounded. It was Luo Zheng!
At this moment, Luo Zheng was floating above Long Fowl's head. His eyes were indifferent, and the Thundergale Dark Divine Sword in his hand flickered with a cold blue light …
"You said you're a wolf. I agree with this statement." Luo Zheng's face rippled with a smile. As he spoke, the Thundergale Dark Divine Sword was raised high. "However, you're just a weak wolf at best!"
As he spoke, Luo Zheng's long sword ruthlessly slashed down!
However, when the blade reached the back of Long Fowl's neck, it slanted slightly and slapped the back of Long Fowl's neck!
"Pa!"
A crisp sound was transmitted, accompanied by a muffled groan from Long Fowl. The Long Fowl rapidly fell down and was about to crash into the ground.
But at this moment, Luo Zheng took a step in the air and his figure suddenly disappeared. At the same time, he crossed space and appeared in front of Long Fowl. Looking up at Long Fowl, he raised his long sword again. "As for you saying that I'm a sheep, I can't agree with this statement!"
"Pa!"
After speaking, Luo Zheng once again slapped out with his sword. Like a cricket ball, he swung the side of the long sword at Long Fowl!
Following this loud and clear sound, the Dragonfowl tumbled in the air as it shot up into the sky ….
After being slapped twice by Luo Zheng, Long Fowl was scared witless. Although it clearly heard Luo Zheng's voice, it didn't even have the chance to speak at this moment!
After slapping Long Fowl upward, Luo Zheng's figure flashed again. He took a step forward and appeared in the air above Long Fowl again. His face was full of smiles as he continued to speak, "I'm not a sheep, and maybe I'm not a wolf … I'm a lion that eats wolves!"
After speaking, Luo Zheng's eyes shone brightly. This time, Luo Zheng didn't hold back at all. A decisive aura burst out from Long Fowl's sword. Luo Zheng himself had turned into a ruthless killing god!
A sword light that contained a terrifying sword intent went straight toward Long Fowl!
At this moment, Long Fowl was like Luo Zheng's toy. It was being slapped up and down by Luo Zheng at will. How could it resist?
With this sword, Luo Zheng killed Long Fowl for the third time!
This kind of thing sounded very strange!
After all, the warriors in the Illusory Battlefield were backed by a main city. If they couldn't win, they could escape into the main city. How could there be a fool who would repeatedly rush out and be killed by others?
However, Luo Zheng did it!
After killing Long Fowl three times, Luo Zheng obtained 140,000 fantasy points for the first kill, 70,000 fantasy points for the second kill, and 30,000 fantasy points for the third kill … Adding the fantasy points from before, Luo Zheng had more than 310,000 fantasy points in his hands.
After that, Luo Zheng once again checked his ranking!
After absorbing the Long Fowl's fantasy points, Luo Zheng's ranking rapidly rose!
Previously, Luo Zheng only had 70,000 fantasy points and was ranked 410,000 in this world. In the entire Illusory Battlefield, he was ranked 19,000,000!
However, at this moment, Luo Zheng's ranking was around 80,000 in this world. In the entire Illusory Battlefield, he was ranked 3.9 million … This was also the first time Luo Zheng had entered the top 15 million!
In the outside world, the attention of the pyramid was limited to the top 5 million …
To be able to enter the top 5 million among the 100,000 great worlds, one could be considered outstanding. After all, this was the top 5 million out of a trillion.
Of course, using the word 'outstanding' to describe Luo Zheng was obviously inappropriate. He was only ranked this way because his speed of collecting fantasy points was slightly slower …
At this moment, all the warriors in the Cloud Mist Heavenly Palace were gathered in front of the pyramid. Their eyes were fixed on the countless names on the pyramid, looking up and down.
"The first place is still Gods No Thought's Xuanyuan Chenfeng!"
"This Xuanyuan Chenfeng is Gods No Thought's Daoist! It is said that he relied on Original Sin Heavenly Lord's great method to swallow a Heavenly Dao Fragment and endure the pain of the Dao Essence devouring his heart. This person is indeed worthy of being ranked first! "
"Sigh, the performance of our Cloud Mist Heavenly Palace's warriors doesn't seem to be outstanding! Up until now, none of them have entered the top 10,000! That Ai Anxin is actually ranked 110,000 … I didn't expect Xue Muyang's performance to be better than hers. He actually entered the top 80,000! "
"What's the hurry? This is just the beginning. Didn't Luo Zheng not appear?"
"Don't talk about Luo Zheng. That kid hasn't even shown his shadow yet!"
"We found Luo Zheng! 3.93 million! He has already rushed into the top 5 million! "A warrior in the Cloud Mist Heavenly Palace shouted loudly.
Yun Luo, who had been silent all this time, heard the warrior's voice and her eyes suddenly lit up.
Ever since the Illusion Battlefield opened, Luo Zheng had completely disappeared. Yun Luo even suspected that Luo Zheng had not entered the Illusion Battlefield! Now that she heard Luo Zheng's name for the first time, Yun Luo was relieved.
She trusted Luo Zheng. Even if this fellow did not participate, as long as he entered the Illusion Battlefield, he would definitely fight for a good result!
"Only 3.90 million … What the hell is this fellow doing?" Someone muttered unhappily. No matter what, this kid's performance was not in line with the style he showed in the Torch Inheritance!
＝＝＝＝＝