Many people were muttering to themselves because of this.
In any case, this Luo Zheng was from the Cloud Mist Heavenly Palace …
If it were other warriors, then it would be fine. Warriors who entered the top five million were considered very outstanding existences in the universe.
However, Luo Zheng had created so many shocking records before. Until now, the sword left behind by Luo Zheng in the Sword-Testing Hall still firmly occupied the first place, almost blinding all the warriors who entered the Sword-Testing Hall!
Yet, such a person was still ranked at the 3,900,000th position. This was indeed disappointing.
It was better not to see this ranking.
There were many Illusory Spaces in the universe, and almost every Holy Land had one. Luo Zheng was very famous because of the incident of killing Celestial Venerables and the fact that he roared and told stories from time to time. Naturally, there were many busybodies looking for Luo Zheng's name.
After Luo Zheng entered the top five million, many unrelated people also discovered his existence.
"Tch, Luo Zheng is just so-so. The Illusory Battlefield has been open for so long, but he's only ranked in the top three million …"
"I've said it before, this Luo Zheng is just a lucky bastard who obtained that strange immortal abode. His own strength is not worth mentioning! How can he compete with the geniuses of the 100,000 Great Worlds? "
"If he's not strong enough, he shouldn't enter the Illusory Battlefield and make a fool of himself!"
"I heard that Luo Zheng is now trapped in the Immortal Mansion. Killing four Celestial Venerables … is already a capital offense. Perhaps he also wants to seek a breakthrough!"
"…"
There were countless creatures in the universe. Although the number of people who found Luo Zheng among the five million names was not many, the number was still not small. Soon, the news about Luo Zheng's ranking spread rapidly in the universe …
Generally speaking, the warriors who were ranked in the top 100 received the most attention. Luo Zheng was a special case.
Luo Zheng was still floating outside the main city.
After killing the Dragon Bird, the martial artists in the main city were all intimidated.
The strength of a dragon bird was obvious to all. Most of the martial artists here didn't even have the strength to withstand a single attack from a dragon bird. But this human martial artist in front of them was like a monster, easily killing a dragon bird three times in a row.
After Luo Zheng displayed unfathomable strength, the Fantasy Points of the experts in the city were accumulated painstakingly. Who would be willing to hand them over so easily?
It wasn't that there weren't any martial artists that challenged Luo Zheng. However, the Demon Race martial artists that challenged Luo Zheng were people that didn't care about Fantasy Points. They were weak and there was no meaning in killing them …
With no other choice, Luo Zheng once again circled around the main city!
However, the impact of the battle between Luo Zheng and the dragon bird was too great. He flew all the way around the city wall, and the warriors inside followed Luo Zheng on top of the city wall.
This wasn't a good thing for them. Watching the battle between the strong was very beneficial to them, and they didn't want to miss this opportunity.
In this way, every place Luo Zheng passed by, a black mass of Demon Race martial artists immediately followed on top of the city walls.
With such an eye-catching sight, who would foolishly stay outside the city?
Some of the warriors that were originally fighting outside the city noticed the huge commotion on top of the city wall. When they saw Luo Zheng rushing over alone, how could they still fight when they saw such a huge commotion? They immediately retreated back into the main city.
This scene caused Luo Zheng to involuntarily smile bitterly.
However, the rules of the Fantasy Battlefield were like this. There was no use complaining. Moreover, Luo Zheng didn't have the habit of complaining.
After Luo Zheng circled the main city twice, he didn't obtain a single Fantasy Point. In the end, he could only choose to give up.
No matter what, he had already obtained more than 300,000 Fantasy Points after returning to the main city this time!
At this moment, Luo Zheng thought of the cave. The cave that one had to pay 300,000 Fantasy Points to enter …
After all, there wasn't much meaning in staying in the main city. Even if he wandered a few more times and encountered a few ignorant martial artists, he wouldn't obtain many Fantasy Points. It was better to explore the cave first.
The rules of the Fantasy Battlefield were unreasonable. Perhaps, it was related to those things in the wild.
After all, the entire Fantasy Battlefield was to compete for the strongest expert in the Divine Ocean Realm. If everyone hid in the main city, even the most powerful expert would be helpless.
Thinking of this, Luo Zheng no longer hesitated. After glancing at the many warriors on top of the city wall, he flew toward the wild again …
On top of the city wall, six Demon Race warriors stood in a corner. Their gazes were fixed in the direction that Luo Zheng left.
"This human cultivator left by himself. Should we follow him?"
"If the six of us join forces, we should be able to kill him. He has a lot of Fantasy Points …"
"This is an opportunity."
Each of these six Demon Race warriors had an extraordinary background. Perhaps they were slightly inferior to Long Fei, but the difference wasn't too great.
If they were alone, no one dared to say that they had the confidence to defeat Luo Zheng. However, Luo Zheng's Fantasy Points were indeed very tempting. They were unwilling to let Luo Zheng go just like that, so the six of them decided to join forces.
Now that they saw Luo Zheng leave alone, their thoughts became heated. Whether to pursue Luo Zheng or not was a difficult choice for the six of them.
Seeing Luo Zheng's figure slowly disappear, one of the Demon Race warriors shook his head. "Forget it. This guy probably hasn't even displayed half of his true strength!"
Just the strength that he had displayed was enough to make people wary. No one knew what Luo Zheng's ultimate methods and trump cards were. Therefore, although Luo Zheng had a lot of Fantasy Points, the six of them still chose to give up for the sake of safety …
Before Luo Zheng left, he deliberately slowed down his speed.
He knew that some warriors were greedy and might join forces to kill him. He was waiting for these guys.
However, this time, Luo Zheng was a little disappointed. No one followed behind him …
"I'm still too greedy."
He had killed Long Fei three times in a row. It was indeed a little too much.
However, on second thought, even if he killed Long Fei once, the effect would not be much different. He estimated that he still wouldn't be able to catch a few fat sheep.
Since no one was chasing him, Luo Zheng sped up and headed straight for the wilderness.
After an hour, Luo Zheng had already leaped tens of thousands of kilometers and finally found the cave! Standing in the wilderness, Luo Zheng's brows furrowed slightly as he looked around. There were three more Heaven Reaching Rats around the cave.
After killing these Heaven Reaching Rats, it seemed that they would be "reborn" after a period of time.
"The reward for killing these Heaven Reaching Rats is not little. One Heaven Reaching Rat is 1,000 Fantasy Points. Every time I kill it after it is reborn, I can repeatedly obtain 3,000 Fantasy Points … If I'm strong enough, I can repeatedly kill Heaven Reaching Rats here," Luo Zheng pondered.
Although this seemed to be more reliable, these Heaven Reaching Rats were also quite troublesome for many Divine Sea Realm warriors. Naturally, it was far inferior to killing warriors in the city.
For Luo Zheng, this method of accumulating Fantasy Points was a little too stupid, and the accumulation speed would not be too fast.
"Let's enter this cave first. Since this Illusion Battlefield has arranged these things, there must be a key item in it!"
Thinking of this, Luo Zheng no longer hesitated. His figure flashed, and he went straight for the three Heaven Reaching Rats …
With the previous experience, dealing with these Heaven Reaching Rats became particularly easy.
Using the Eight Turn Flying Smoke and Thunder Calamity Kill, he lured these three Heaven Reaching Rats inside, and once again attracted Heaven's Retribution to smash them into pieces.
The Fantasy Points escaped into Luo Zheng's body. This time, Luo Zheng went straight for the cave.
When Luo Zheng just approached the cave, the whirling light blocked Luo Zheng's path. A thought appeared in Luo Zheng's mind.
"To enter the Evil Wind Cave, you need 300,000 Fantasy Points …"
The moment he heard that, Luo Zheng nodded faintly. Staring at the dark cave, he said, "Okay!"
"Whoosh —"
Immediately, a strange attractive force appeared in the cave. The yellow Fantasy Points in Luo Zheng's body were pulled out of his body by this attractive force, and then they disappeared into the whirling light!
In an instant, Luo Zheng lost 300,000 Fantasy Points …