After Luo Zheng's fantasy points were deducted, his ranking began to drop rapidly.
It was normal for the names in the pyramid to rise and fall. Among the trillions of martial artists, perhaps one more fantasy point or one less fantasy point would cause a difference of tens of thousands of ranks.
If it was an ordinary martial artist, the sudden drop in ranking would not attract attention.
However, the martial artists at the top of the rankings would rise and fall. Everyone would use this ranking to predict the outcome of the battle between the martial artists!
For example, Xuanyuan Chenfeng, who was originally ranked first, suddenly dropped from the top of the pyramid to the 40,000th rank.
The martial artists in the universe guessed that Xuanyuan Chenfeng should have been killed once!
Killing him once would cause him to lose half of his fantasy points. However, Xuanyuan Chenfeng was still able to maintain his ranking at the 40,000th rank. One could imagine how many fantasy points he had accumulated.
However, who was the one who killed Xuanyuan Chenfeng?
Who was able to kill the Daozi of Deities No Thoughts?
The people in the outside world knew nothing about this …
Luo Zheng's ranking was not high, but there were still many martial artists who were silently paying attention to him.
Now, Luo Zheng's name had suddenly disappeared! Many martial artists who were originally paying attention to Luo Zheng were also very puzzled. This Luo Zheng could not even maintain his ranking of 3.9 million?
Yun Luo's eyes also revealed a trace of astonishment. Could it be that Luo Zheng was also killed by someone?
She followed this ranking and began to search all the way down!
Luo Zheng was killed once and lost half of his fantasy points. She could roughly guess what rank Luo Zheng had dropped to!
However, she inserted her perception into the pyramid and searched all the way down until she reached the 12,000th rank. She still could not find Luo Zheng's name!
She became even more puzzled.
Even if he was killed once, it was impossible for him to drop below the 10,000th rank in such a short time! Could it be that Luo Zheng was killed twice in such a short time?
After being killed once, it would take some time to revive. The possibility of Luo Zheng being killed twice was not high … Yun Luo was also puzzled.
Yun Luo, on the other hand, was not too anxious. Luo Zheng had always been like this. Previously, in the Torch Inheritance, Luo Zheng's ranking was also extremely low. Didn't he quickly catch up not long after? She just couldn't figure it out!
In the Illusory Battlefield …
Now, Luo Zheng only had slightly more than 10,000 fantasy points left.
It wasn't difficult to earn 10,000 fantasy points in the Illusory Battlefield.
Luo Zheng also checked his own ranking. In this world, he had fallen below the 40,000,000 rank … and in the entire Illusory Battlefield, he was below the 2,000,000,000 rank!
"Forget it." Luo Zheng shook his head.
In any case, the 300,000 Fantasy Points had already been taken away. Hopefully, he would be able to reap some rewards from exploring this cave!
When the swirling lights absorbed the dreamy light spots, they gradually turned into a six-winged bug. This bug was completely made of yellow light, and it floated quietly beside Luo Zheng.
After this six-winged bug appeared, the resistance exerted on Luo Zheng's body quietly disappeared.
After losing the resistance, Luo Zheng took a step forward and entered the cave …
The cave in front of him was not big. It was only about ten feet wide. Along the way, there was a long and narrow downhill path.
Along the way, there was a white whirlpool of light every ten feet.
When Luo Zheng saw the first rotating light, Luo Zheng's heart sank. Could it be that clearing each rotating light required 300,000 fantasy points? If that was the case, he wouldn't be able to gather so many fantasy points even if he killed him.
What Luo Zheng was worried about did not happen. Every time he approached those rotating lights, he indeed encountered an irresistible resistance. However, the six-winged bug that accompanied Luo Zheng all the way flew towards the white rotating lights and directly absorbed them. The resistance disappeared once again.
"I need this bug to enter the depths of this cave …" Luo Zheng muttered to himself after noticing the ability of the six-winged bug.
As the rotating lights were absorbed by the six-winged bug, Luo Zheng continued to advance along the only path in this cave!
Hundred feet …
Hundred feet …
Not long after, Luo Zheng arrived at the deepest part of this cave.
In the deepest part of this cave, there was an ancient temple …
Although it was deep underground and the ancient temple looked extremely dilapidated, it faintly emitted a powerful aura.
"Why is there an ancient temple underground?" Luo Zheng's face revealed a puzzled expression.
According to Luo Zheng's speculation, this Illusory Battlefield should have originally existed in a large world, but it belonged to a large world that was sealed off.
Normally, the Illusory Battlefield formed by the 50 large worlds was not allowed to enter. Only after the Illusory Battlefield was opened could the warriors from the outside world enter through the light spots projected by the Heavenly Dao. Moreover, it was only limited to the Divine Sea Realm.
Was there any living creature living in this Illusory Battlefield before?
Looking at the three Heaven Reaching Rats outside the cave, the rotating lights in the cave, and the six-winged bug beside him, this cave was obviously man-made. But who did it?
Luo Zheng had only ascended to the Upper Realm for a short time and did not travel extensively.
He already knew that among the three major forces of the Human Clan, only the Ten Thousand Buddha Sacred Realm's Buddhism was prosperous!
It was said that the tenth-rank Holy Land of the Ten Thousand Buddha Sacred Realm was not named "Holy Land" but "Blessed Land" or "Temple" directly …
Then, was this ancient temple in front of him related to the Ten Thousand Buddha Sacred Realm?
Without much hesitation, Luo Zheng entered this ancient temple.
As soon as Luo Zheng stepped into this ancient temple, he saw a Buddha statue!
It was a smiling Maitreya Buddha. What was strange was that this Buddha statue was actually riding on a tall horse. This Maitreya Buddha had a round face and a round belly. No matter from which angle, its eyes seemed to be staring at Luo Zheng.
For some reason, although he knew that this Maitreya Buddha was a dead object, Luo Zheng faintly felt that he was being spied on.
This feeling was very bad. After all, the atmosphere here was really strange.
If it were another place, Luo Zheng might choose to leave this ancient temple if he did not know what treasures there were. After all, the atmosphere of this ancient temple was too strange. It did not seem to be a blessed land but a dangerous place!
However, now that Luo Zheng was in the Illusion Battlefield, he would at most be resurrected in the main city after death. Moreover, he had just paid the "toll" of 300,000 Fantasy Points. Naturally, Luo Zheng was reluctant to leave so easily. He wanted to see what kind of return he could get by deducting 300,000 Fantasy Points.
Therefore, Luo Zheng walked straight, bypassed the Maitreya Buddha statue, left the front yard of this ancient temple, and entered the true inner courtyard of this ancient temple.
However, after Luo Zheng stepped into the inner courtyard, the Maitreya Buddha's smiling expression began to change. Its eyes turned upside down, and so did its smiling mouth!
After turning, the Maitreya Buddha's face was full of ferocity.
Luo Zheng, who had already entered the inner courtyard, naturally could not see this scene …
Bang!
He had just stepped into the inner courtyard, and before he had time to size up the environment of this inner courtyard, the two doors behind him slammed shut!
Luo Zheng turned around and glanced at the broken wooden door. He did not choose to shatter it …
If this ancient temple could really trap him, he would not be able to shatter the wooden door no matter how broken it was. If Luo Zheng could easily shatter it and escape, then the trouble he was about to face would not be worth mentioning.
In the empty space of the inner courtyard, there were four Buddha statues erected!
These four Buddha statues held long staffs in their hands and wore kasayas. The four staffs were uniformly pointed at the center of the inner courtyard, which was where Luo Zheng was.
"This is … an Arhat?" Luo Zheng stared at the statues as he spoke.
Just as Luo Zheng was sizing up the four Buddha statues, he heard a crackling sound!
In the blink of an eye, Luo Zheng had already discovered the source of the crackling sound …
Cracks began to appear on the surface of the four Buddha statues in the corner, and the Arhat Buddha statues actually began to move!
In a short while, the four stone statues jumped down from the lotus flower pedestal, brandished their long staffs, and charged straight at Luo Zheng.