The four Arhat Buddha statues held long staffs in their hands. They pointed, stabbed, slashed, and swept. The coordination between the Buddha statues was flawless!
Their speed was not fast, and their power was not shocking. However, Luo Zheng could not find any flaws when he glanced at them. The shadows of the staffs seemed to have sealed off all of Luo Zheng's escape routes!
"What exquisite staffs!"
However, just because there were no flaws, it did not mean that Luo Zheng could not break the staffs of the four Arhat Buddha statues.
He casually took a step forward, and his figure strangely disappeared from where he was standing. He then appeared behind one of the Arhat Buddha statues!
"Whoosh whoosh whoosh!"
Even though Luo Zheng pierced through space, three staffs followed him!
Facing the three staffs, Luo Zheng's expression was calm. His right hand struck the Arhat Buddha statue in front of him with lightning speed!
"Clang …"
Along with the sound of debris shattering, the Arhat Buddha statue suddenly shattered.
The moment the Arhat Buddha statue shattered, Luo Zheng's body was like a fish leaping out of the water. He used his sword steps to avoid the three staffs. Then, he pierced through space again and appeared behind another Arhat Buddha statue.
He struck out with his palm and did the same thing.
"Clang clang …"
The staffs of the four Buddha statues were exquisite, and their coordination was flawless.
However, they were only four stone Buddha statues. With the sturdiness of Luo Zheng's body, even if the staffs hit him, they might not be able to cause much damage.
"Clang clang!"
"Clang clang!"
In just a short while, the four Arhat Buddha statues were all destroyed by Luo Zheng's palm.
After Luo Zheng destroyed the Buddha statues, his gaze landed on the door of the Inner Academy. The instant the Buddha statues were destroyed, the door of the Inner Academy opened by itself without any wind blowing.
"There's an inner courtyard within the inner courtyard?"
Luo Zheng's face revealed a puzzled expression. Before entering the ancient temple, he had observed it. The ancient temple was not big, but the inner courtyard was connected to the inner courtyard. Obviously, it was bigger than Luo Zheng had estimated.
Although he was doubtful, Luo Zheng did not hesitate much and once again stepped into the Inner Academy!
After entering the second inner courtyard, Luo Zheng glanced around and found four more Buddha statues.
"It's still four Arhat Buddha statues …"
These four Arhats were slightly different from the previous four!
The four Arhat Buddha statues in the First Courtyard were the Arhat Gatekeepers. Their eyes were solemn and vigilant, and they looked like they were ready to fight evil.
On the other hand, the Arhat Buddha statues of Astral-2 had clear jade and clear appearances. Each of them raised their hands in celebration and looked like they were bursting with joy. When Luo Zheng looked over, he was even affected by the aura of these four Buddha statues, and he felt much more relaxed.
"Happy Arhat …"
There were many types of Arhats. Although Luo Zheng had never been to the Ten Thousand Buddhas Sacred Realm, he knew from the Buddhist scriptures that there were a total of 18 Arhats.
Just like this Happy Arhat, who was also known as Venerable Ganuka Daiwa …
If that was the case, wouldn't there be as many as 18 Arhats in the Inner Academy?
When he thought of this, cracks appeared on the surface of the four Happy Arhats. The four Happy Arhats jumped down from the lotus flower base. Their long sleeves fluttered in the wind, and with smiles on their faces, they went straight for Luo Zheng!
"Whoosh, whoosh, whoosh, whoosh …"
The four Happy Arhats used finger techniques. The finger lights were swift and fierce, as if they could penetrate everything, and they went straight for Luo Zheng's vital points!
Thinking that there might be 16 more Inner Academies below, Luo Zheng no longer hesitated. He did not want to waste too much time here, so he simply resisted with his incomparably strong body.
However, even if he resisted, Luo Zheng would still change his steps before the finger lights reached his body, avoiding his vital points.
"Break for me!"
When the four Happy Arhats came close, Luo Zheng struck with both palms.
Accompanied by the whistling wind from his palms, the sound of rubble shattering could be heard. The four Happy Arhat Buddha statues were also shattered in an instant.
After smashing the four Happy Arhats, Luo Zheng continued to move forward. When he reached the door of the second Inner Academy, the door just happened to open.
When he entered, he saw that it was indeed the third Inner Academy. And in this third Inner Academy, there were also four Buddha statues!
"Sitting Deer Arhat!"
On the lotus flower base, there were four lifelike stone deer kneeling on it. And on the stone deer, there were four Arhat Buddha statues that were calm and self-admiring. At a glance, they gave off an extremely noble feeling.
Soon, the four Sitting Deer Arhats rode the stone deer and also went straight for Luo Zheng …
The fourth Inner Academy, the Altar-Raising Arhat …
The fifth Inner Academy, the Tar-Bearing Arhat …
The sixth Inner Academy, the Sitting Arhat …
These Arhats had different cultivation methods and attacking methods. For example, the Sitting Arhat did not know how to attack at all.
It was just that they sat quietly in place and did not attack Luo Zheng.
But Luo Zheng could not enter the next Inner Academy without smashing these four Arhats. He could only go straight to the four corners of the Inner Academy and smash them one by one.
However, this Arhat Meditating Arhat was sitting quietly on the spot, and there was a mysterious Buddhist light covering its body. Its defensive power was also astonishingly strong. It was not easy to shatter it this time. It was also because of Luo Zheng's infinite strength. If it were other warriors who entered this place, they would have to spend more effort.
The seventh Inner Academy, the Crossing the River Arhat …
The eighth Inner Academy, the Elephant Arhat …
…
…
Just as Luo Zheng had guessed, there were indeed as many as eighteen Inner Academies in front of him.
Starting from the first Inner Academy, the Arhats became stronger and stronger as they went on, and their attacking methods were also varied. Luo Zheng could not help but sigh at the vastness of Buddhism. It was no wonder that the Ten Thousand Buddha Sacred Territory, a Buddhist Holy Land, could support a major force of the Human Race alone!
The seventeenth Inner Academy, the Subduing Tiger Arhat! It was also known as Venerable Millet!
At this point, even Luo Zheng could feel the pressure faintly!
Although the Tiger-subduing Arhats were still stone statues, the power of these four statues could not be compared with the previous Arhats.
Every time these four Arhats took a step, there would be a tiger roar. Whether in terms of speed or strength, they were comparable to a martial artist at the peak of the Divine Sea Realm!
"Roar …"
Facing the four Tiger-subduing Arhats, Luo Zheng looked solemn. The Thunder and Wind Dark Divine Sword was already in his hand!
He had a vague sense of danger. These Buddha statues were made of strange stones and were extremely fragile, but their moves were far more exquisite than those of the Divine Sea Realm martial artists outside.
At this moment, Luo Zheng did feel that if he was surrounded by the Tiger-subduing Arhats, it would be difficult for him to break free.
Although Luo Zheng had passed through the previous 16 Inner Academies smoothly, it did not mean that everything would go smoothly. There were many examples of failure at the last step. Luo Zheng would not let his guard down at the critical moment because of the previous smoothness.
"Whoosh, whoosh, whoosh, whoosh …"
Dozens of Ghost Shadows shot out from the Thunder and Wind Dark Divine Sword.
However, the palm techniques of the four Tiger-subduing Arhats were swift and ruthless. Their speed was also extremely fast. Although there were many Youshen Shadows, before they could even get close to the four Arhat statues, they were smashed apart by the mysterious palm prints.
"Again!"
Luo Zheng's eyes flashed with a bright light!
The Thunder and Wind Dark Divine Sword was pushed to the extreme by Luo Zheng. Apart from the Ghost Shadows, the wind blades were like blooming lotus flowers. The wind blades were the petals that floated in the wind. However, these "petals" carried a strong destructive power!
Apart from the wind blades, there were also thunderbolts. The thunderbolts were later than the wind blades, but they arrived first and blasted towards the four Tiger-subduing Arhats!
"Crack! Swish … "
In the Inner Academy, all kinds of energy were constantly being emitted. However, Luo Zheng, who was in the center, was like the center of a typhoon. His expression was calm, and even his sleeves did not flutter in the slightest!
The four Tiger-subduing Arhats were pushing their palms to the extreme. Each of the Tiger-subduing Arhats was waving their palms. When they waved their palms, there was a faint shadow of a ferocious tiger. In an instant, there were three to four hundred palms. When the four Tiger-subduing Arhats waved their palms at the same time, it was as if there were thousands of ferocious tigers roaring around Luo Zheng!
It was also these tiger phantoms that gradually offset the power of Luo Zheng's longsword. Both sides were in a stalemate!
At this moment, in the depths of the ancient temple, a ten thousand zhang tall golden Buddha suddenly opened his eyes!
This golden Buddha was holding a sword in one hand and a lotus flower in the other. His face was not angry, but he was majestic. When he felt the power of Luo Zheng's sword, his eyes were still indifferent …
"In this Evolution Era, there is actually another little guy who cultivates the Emotion Severing Divine Path … This Emotion Severing Divine Path has been forbidden for hundreds of Evolutions Eras. Why are there still two or three Evolutions Eras appearing in this Evolution Era?"
＝＝＝＝＝