This great Buddha fell into deep thought.
Actually, at this moment, Luo Zheng had yet to use the Godly Yi Sword.
This Godly Yi Sword had gone through several years of tempering and had become even more refined and pure. In Luo Zheng's heart, the concept of severing emotions had become even clearer!
However, he was still unable to completely cut off all of his emotions. Thus, the Godly Yi Sword was still not perfect.
However, after several years of accumulation, even if he did not use the Godly Yi Sword, there was still a trace of emotion severing intent hidden within the sword. That great Buddha caught onto this trace of emotion severing intent and realized that Luo Zheng was walking the path of severing emotions divine dao.
Strands of primal chaos energy were drawn out from the sea of primal chaos by Luo Zheng!
These strands of primal chaos energy turned into lightning and wind blades, scattering in all directions. There were also many divine shadows mixed within!
After confronting the four Subduing Tiger Arhats for about four to five breaths of time, his eyes flashed and he dashed toward one of the Subduing Tiger Arhats.
Although the four Subduing Tiger Arhats could subdue the lightning and wind blades of the Lightning Wind Divine Sword, they had already reached their limit. Although the tiger's roar and palm strikes were exquisite, there were still flaws within.
However, Luo Zheng was sharp enough to notice this flaw, and he immediately closed in on him!
How fast was his speed in the blink of an eye?
By the time the Subduing Tiger Arhat noticed Luo Zheng, Luo Zheng was already in front of his chest. His palm was already on the Arhat's chest!
"Break!"
As the word "break" was uttered, a neat palm print appeared on the Subduing Tiger Arhat's sturdy chest. The cracks around the palm print quickly spread and covered the entire Arhat's body. Then, the stone statue crumbled and turned into a pile of rubble.
At this moment, because Luo Zheng had made his move later, the remaining power of the wind blades dissipated and the rubble was blown away.
After destroying the statue in front of him, Luo Zheng did not stop at all. With a slight turn of his body, he suddenly raised his sword, which was hanging by the side, and a refreshing sword light appeared in the air. He then went straight for another Tiger-subduing Arhat on the side!
Bang!
The sword light instantly engulfed the Subduing Tiger statue!
That Crouching Tiger statue was sending out a series of palm strikes towards Luo Zheng. However, at this moment, it suddenly stopped. When Luo Zheng charged towards the next Crouching Tiger statue, a series of indiscernible cracks appeared on its body. Following which, the statue broke into pieces. However, the cracks were extremely smooth …
"Pa, pa …"
The remaining two Subduing Tiger statues were no longer able to surround and attack Luo Zheng. They were no longer a threat to Luo Zheng. Destroying them was a piece of cake for him.
After destroying the four statues, Luo Zheng still didn't stop.
This was already the seventeenth inner court …
Although the journey wasn't particularly dangerous, it was still quite time-consuming and exhausting.
However, Luo Zheng's heart was filled with anticipation. What kind of reward would he get after passing the trial of this cave? Next would be the last inner court, which was also the eighteenth inner court …
When Luo Zheng stepped into the last inner court, he suddenly heard the roar of a dragon.
"Subduing Dragon Arhat!"
Luo Zheng's eyes flashed with a sharp light.
The four Arhats in the four corners of the inner court had a True Dragon coiling around them!
In ancient times, there were people who subdued dragons and used the power of Mahesvara to subdue the True Dragon Arhat under the Buddha Heaven … This Subduing Dragon Arhat was also known as Maha Kasyapa.
This time, Luo Zheng did not choose to wait in the same place!
He went through seventeen inner courts in a row and destroyed seventeen Arhat Buddha statues. He knew the key points.
These Arhat Buddha statues were not very powerful. After all, these Arhats did not come in their true bodies. The statues were only stained with a trace of Buddha's heart and condensed a trace of fragrance.
Incense was the power of faith.
In the Ten Thousand Buddha Sacred Region, there were countless believers worshiping them. Although the saying was different, the essence was roughly the same as the three kings of the Demon Night Clan!
However, there was still a gap …
The Demon Night Clan was born in the universe. The use and development of the power of faith was limited to the three kings.
However, the inheritance of the Ten Thousand Buddha Sacred Region was far from simple.
As the saying went, "Gods and Buddhas in the heavens." The word "Gods" contained the word "Many". There was more than one Heaven. Therefore, the Gods and Buddhas did not only exist in the Heavenly Dao. The Buddhas were existences that were on par with the True Gods!
In other words, the inheritance of the Ten Thousand Buddha Sacred Region was probably an existence that surpassed the Heavenly Dao.
If the eighteen Arhats in front of him were to come in person, they could easily kill Luo Zheng with a single finger …
The fact that these stone statues could exert such strength with just a trace of the power of Incense was enough to make Luo Zheng very wary. The most important thing was that when the four Arhats worked together, their strength would often increase by several times. There were almost no flaws.
The strength of the four statues in the last inner court must be much stronger than before. To be safe, Luo Zheng went straight for one of the statues after stepping into the inner court.
After breaking one Arhat Taming Dragon statue, the rest would be much easier to deal with.
The Arhat Taming Dragon statue in the corner was constantly cracking. Its body trembled, and it seemed like it was about to move.
However, Luo Zheng was already close to the Arhat Taming Dragon. He pointed a finger at the Arhat Taming Dragon's head. As long as his fingertip touched the Arhat Taming Dragon, the power would surge and naturally turn the stone statue into powder.
Even the huge stone mountain could not withstand Luo Zheng's overwhelming power. His finger could also shatter it, let alone the eight-foot stone statue in front of him.
Although the Arhat Taming Dragon's body did not move, the True Dragon statue on its body crawled up from its right shoulder. The True Dragon's horn poked out and slammed toward Luo Zheng's finger!
The True Dragon was only made of stone!
Luo Zheng did not hesitate in the slightest. He was determined to get this finger. If he could break one statue, he could destroy the other three. The reward in this cave was something he must get.
He never thought that when Luo Zheng's fingertip touched the True Dragon's horn, he would feel a huge force passing through …
"Bang!"
The fingertip collided with the horn!
The horn was shattered, but it also blocked Luo Zheng's finger!
At the same time, the Arhat Taming Dragon completely "woke up". Its two palms heavily clapped together, and a dragon's roar was heard. It was as if a True Dragon had awakened in its body.
At the same time, the True Dragon statue on its shoulder began to flicker with a little bit of green light!
That was the light of dragon scales!
"Roar —"
The two palms clapped together and separated, but it was aimed at Luo Zheng's chest!
Luo Zheng's sneak attack did not succeed. He was caught off guard and was hit by the Arhat Taming Dragon's palm!
"What a powerful force!"
When the two palms clapped together, Luo Zheng felt a force that could topple mountains and overturn seas pass through.
His whole body was sent flying backward. His feet plowed a groove in the ground, and his whole body heavily crashed into the wall on the other side of the inner courtyard!
"Boom!"
Luo Zheng crashed into the wall with such a powerful force. How shocking was its destructive power?
If he crashed into a mountain in the Lower Realm, not only would the first mountain collapse, but even the mountains behind it would be shattered and overturned.
The walls of the inner courtyard looked decayed and dilapidated. It was as if a gust of wind could destroy this dilapidated ancient temple. However, this wall withstood Luo Zheng's crash and did not move at all. Its sturdiness was admirable …
However, this was the Illusory Battlefield after all.
The walls of the main cities in the outside world also looked very ordinary, but even the most powerful warriors could not shatter those walls. Presumably, the two had the same principle. How could something constructed by the Heavenly Dao be so easily destroyed?
Luo Zheng was not in the mood to think about this. His attention now fell on the True Dragon on the Arhat Taming Dragon's shoulder!
His own strength was boundless, and he also borrowed the strength of the True Dragon. He never thought that the Arhat Taming Dragon was like him, able to borrow the strength of the True Dragon on its shoulder.
It was as if the Arhat Taming Dragon's two palms clapped together, and the dragon scales on the True Dragon statue also lit up one by one, flickering with a green luster …
However, this True Dragon was, after all, just a stone statue. Even if all the scales on its body lit up, although its strength was terrifying, it was not to the extent that Luo Zheng could not bear it!