Even so, Luo Zheng didn't dare to underestimate these four Dragon Taming Arhats.
The power of the flashing dragon scales had reached a terrifying level. If an ordinary warrior of the Divine Sea Realm was hit by this palm, they would be torn apart!
Leaning against the courtyard wall, Luo Zheng's competitive spirit rose in his heart!
Both of them had the power of dragon scales. He wanted to see who was stronger!
The real dragon on the shoulder of the Dragon Taming Arhat was probably something of great origin. Unfortunately, he was in the Illusory Battlefield. Although he could use the power of dragon scales, Qinglong's soul couldn't be projected here, so he couldn't communicate with Qinglong. Similarly, Luo Zheng could use the Sword Spirit, but he couldn't communicate with Xun. Even if he summoned the Sword Spirit, it didn't contain Xun's soul.
Thinking of this, Luo Zheng didn't hesitate at all. The nearest Dragon Taming Arhat had already rushed towards him. The Dragon Taming Arhat suddenly clapped its hands. The real dragon on its shoulder began to flicker with a green light. The power of dragon scales poured into the Buddha statue!
Luo Zheng crossed his hands. The power of dragon scales also poured into his body. He didn't retreat at all. Instead, he clapped his hands.
"Roar!"
In contrast, the Dragon Taming Arhat clapped its hands. Accompanied by a dragon roar, the real dragon statue on its shoulder also raised its head and roared. The power of the Dragon Taming Arhat was stronger.
In the blink of an eye, the four palms collided!
"Boom!"
Accompanied by a loud noise, Luo Zheng's body was pushed back again!
Luo Zheng felt his blood and Qi tumbling in the process of being pushed back. It was very uncomfortable. The power of the Dragon Taming Arhat couldn't be underestimated!
However, even though Luo Zheng was pushed back, so was the Dragon Taming Arhat.
If it were the previous Arhat Buddha statue, it would have been smashed into powder by Luo Zheng's palms.
However, this Dragon Taming Arhat was many times stronger than the previous statues. Luo Zheng could understand this. After all, this Dragon Taming Arhat's body had to bear the power of the dragon scales of the True Dragon Statue. If this body was not built to be extremely strong, it would have collapsed before he could use this power.
Just like Luo Zheng's previous physical body, there was a limit to the amount of dragon scale power he could bear. If he forcibly drew the dragon scale power into his body, his physical body would disintegrate first.
"Boom!"
"Boom!"
Two loud sounds reverberated in the inner courtyard.
It was the sound of Luo Zheng and Arhat Taming Dragon crashing into the wall of the inner courtyard.
The Dragon Taming Arhat crashed into the wall of the inner courtyard. Under the tremendous impact, thick cracks appeared on the surface of its body, as if it was unable to withstand the impact and was about to collapse!
However, a golden Buddha's light was emitted from the cracks. Then, the cracks were repaired at a visible speed. In an instant, the cracks closed up, and the golden Buddha's light naturally disappeared …
This time, Luo Zheng was also confused by the impact. He felt a slight sweetness in his throat, and he couldn't help but spit out a mouthful of blood.
"It can still heal?"
Seeing the Dragon Taming Arhat's reaction, Luo Zheng couldn't help but frown. He wiped the blood from the corner of his mouth, but he didn't have the chance to think too much. This was because the other three Dragon Taming Arhats once again slapped at Luo Zheng. Each of them had a True Dragon coiled on their bodies. At this moment, the dragon scales on the True Dragons' bodies were shining …
If he was really hit by the three palms of these three Dragon Taming Arhats, even if he didn't die, he would be seriously injured!
After the impact, Luo Zheng actually retreated to a corner of the inner courtyard. Luo Zheng clenched his teeth, and his figure once again penetrated through space. In an instant, he passed by the three Dragon Taming Arhats and flashed to another corner!
"This is a bit troublesome." Luo Zheng frowned.
However, it wasn't that Luo Zheng didn't have a way to deal with it. If he couldn't break through the situation with pure strength, he could naturally use other methods!
Thinking of this, Luo Zheng slightly raised his head …
At this moment, in the starry sky of this universe, a total of 300 stars began to shine!
These 300 stars were distributed in different areas. There were stars in the Middle Sky Region, Western Sky Region, Southern Sky Region, Northern Sky Region, and Eastern Sky Region!
Under Luo Zheng's command, they began to emit intense starlight. These starlight were headed straight for the large world where the Illusory Battlefield was located. These 300 stars were one of the results of Luo Zheng's diligent cultivation in the past few years.
In fact, Luo Zheng was confident that he could deal with these four Dragon Taming Arhats by using the Yi Shen Sword.
However, Luo Zheng used the 《Stellar Battle Body》 at this moment to verify his guess …
When the starlight began to condense around Luo Zheng, Luo Zheng already had an answer in his heart.
"Sure enough, this Illusory Battlefield isn't a real illusory space. It's a super large world that originally existed in this universe … Otherwise, I'm afraid it would be very difficult for me to communicate with the power of the stars here!"
The many stars in the universe were able to shine here. Luo Zheng could be considered to have confirmed this.
The power of the Stellar Battle Body was enough to become one of Luo Zheng's trump cards. Therefore, in the past six years, Luo Zheng had never given up on communicating with the stars. He even spent a lot of time cultivating the 《Stellar Battle Body》! If he couldn't use it in the Illusory Battlefield, it would be a great loss for Luo Zheng.
Fortunately, Luo Zheng found that his worries were unnecessary. At least for now, he could successfully condense starlight!
When Luo Zheng's body was coated with a layer of magnificent and colorful starlight, he stepped forward and went straight for the Dragon Taming Arhats again.
The Dragon Taming Arhats that were smashed by Luo Zheng just now had been repaired. At this moment, the four Dragon Taming Arhats stood in a row and put their palms together neatly!
"Roar, roar, roar, roar …"
Accompanied by the roars of four dragons!
The four True Dragons that were entrenched on the four Dragon Taming Arhats roared at the same time!
Green light blossomed, and the light was so bright that it was hard to see!
How terrifying was the power contained in the eight palms?
However, Luo Zheng didn't want to retreat or dodge …
Maybe Luo Zheng had other ways to deal with it, but Luo Zheng also understood that the Illusory Battlefield had just opened and he would be facing all the geniuses in the universe. He didn't underestimate the other geniuses in the Divine Ocean Realm! In the past few years, even Ai Anxin of the Cloud Mist Heavenly Palace might have made great progress. Luo Zheng might not be able to defeat her. Not to mention, there were also the geniuses of the Ten Thousand Buddha Sacred Realm, the Gods Without Thought, the Demon Night Clan, the Demon Race, and thousands of other strange races in the universe.
Therefore, Luo Zheng needed to review himself, to review the fruits of his hard work over the past few years.
"Buzz, buzz, buzz …"
Streaks of starlight began to flash in Luo Zheng's hands.
The shapes of these streaks of starlight were like cotton wool floating in his hands. They looked weightless, but the power contained in them couldn't be underestimated.
The three hundred streaks of starlight blended together. Red, orange, yellow, green, white, purple, blue, and red. The colorful streaks of starlight blended with each other and began to become extremely unstable!
After this cluster of colorful starlight was formed, Luo Zheng immediately slapped it out. If he hesitated for even a second, Luo Zheng would be sucked into it and be devoured by the power of the starlight!
"Glory of the Stars!"
"Buzz —"
A sharp sound burst out from this cluster of colorful starlight!
At this moment, the cluster of starlight just arrived in front of the four Dragon Taming Arhats …
"Explode!"
This cluster of starlight blended with the power of the three hundred stars. When it exploded, it repelled, blended, and reacted with each other. The burst of light was already extremely bright!
The entire Inner Yard was completely covered by the light of the Glory of the Stars. The situation inside couldn't be seen clearly!
However, the 30,000-foot-tall golden Buddha in the depths of the ancient temple opened its eyes and stared at the Inner Yard. Its expression was neither happy nor sad.
In the eyes of the golden Buddha, it saw the four Dragon Taming Arhats shattering continuously. The four True Dragon Stone Carvings on the Arhats' shoulders also began to shatter. Although rays of golden light emerged from their bodies in an attempt to repair themselves, as soon as the golden light appeared, the starlight took advantage of the gaps and annihilated it …
"The Dragon Taming Arhats can't be destroyed. Help me test this little guy. I want to see how far he has gone with the Emotion Severing Divine Dao …"