The golden light of these four Dragon Subduing Arhats had been annihilated by the starlight.
However, under the intervention of the Golden Buddha, the golden light within the Dragon Subduing Arhats flourished, and the fragmented stone statues quickly fused together and recovered to their original state!
The starlight diffusing in the Inner Court gradually dimmed.
Luo Zheng's figure gradually appeared. When he looked at the four intact Dragon Subduing Arhats, his eyes revealed a trace of surprise, and his face became grave and stern.
The four Dragon Subduing Arhats' Buddha statues were actually this powerful?
This was the first time Luo Zheng had used the Glory of the Stars, but it was the move with the strongest explosive power in the 《Stellar Battle Body》. Luo Zheng did not doubt its powerful destructive power in the slightest.
Such power was unable to tear these four Dragon Subduing Arhats to shreds. This was clearly beyond Luo Zheng's expectations, and even made him feel puzzled.
These eighteen Arhats came from the Inner Court one by one. The strength of each Arhat in the Inner Court was slightly stronger, but the gap in strength between each Arhat was not large.
This Dragon Subduing Arhat was the last Inner Court Arhat, so it was normal for him to be slightly stronger!
However, Luo Zheng's method was actually unable to kill these four Arhats. This was somewhat troublesome.
He naturally could not see that the reason these Dragon Subduing Arhats recovered to their original state was because someone had intervened from behind …
The four Dragon Subduing Arhats did not stop at all. As the dragon scales on their shoulders flickered, they once again surrounded Luo Zheng from several directions.
If it were any other martial artist, facing this situation, they would most likely be on the verge of despair.
However, for Luo Zheng, the trouble in front of him was just trouble, nothing more.
Facing the four Dragon Subduing Arhats, Luo Zheng's face was unperturbed. He once again raised the Thundergale Ghost Sword high up, the long and narrow blade hanging on one side. A faint sword intent lingered around the blade like a viper's temperament, constantly swallowing and spitting!
Luo Zheng's gaze became incomparably cold, as if he had become an expressionless stone statue at this moment.
Just as Luo Zheng raised the Lightning Wind Ghost Sword, the eyes of the giant Buddha in the depths of the ancient temple faintly flickered …
"Sure enough, this kid has cultivated the Emotion Severing Divine Way … Even though it hasn't reached perfection, but to comprehend such a cold sword will with his Divine Sea Realm cultivation base is already the limit. If he completes the last trace of emotion severing and comprehends the ultimate sword will, then this sword will definitely reach perfection!"
After saying that, the giant golden Buddha raised the lotus in his hand, and the lotus spun in front of him.
There was a fork on the stem of the lotus, and at the tip of the fork was a lotus seed pod that grew side by side with the lotus.
The Giant Golden Buddha reached out with his huge Buddha hand and plucked out a golden lotus seed from the lotus seed.
"As I've heard, all things originate from the origin. The heart of the past cannot be obtained, the heart of the present cannot be obtained, and the heart of the future cannot be obtained …"
When the Giant Golden Buddha chanted, the golden lotus seed seemed to melt, turning into a drop of pure golden liquid that kept rolling in front of the Giant Golden Buddha.
As the drop of golden liquid kept rolling, it began to transform into countless shapes: four limbs, a body, a head …
In the end, the golden lotus seed turned into a little person, and this little person's body shape was very similar to Luo Zheng's.
The Giant Golden Buddha used the Scripture of the Void to calculate Luo Zheng's fate!
Such a method of calculation was also a great divine ability. In comparison, the calculations of the many Empyreans under the Heavenly Dao were child's play!
However, when the giant golden Buddha was halfway through its calculations, a strange look appeared in its huge eyes. Moreover, there was also a trace of resentment in that strange look …
After a long time, the Giant Golden Buddha opened his mouth and said, "It's actually a Fateless. How could a Fateless appear …"
This calculation was halfway through and could no longer continue.
The golden lotus seed turned into Luo Zheng's appearance, but that face should have been vivid and lifelike, looking exactly like Luo Zheng. However, at this moment, the little golden person's face seemed to be covered by a layer of mist, unable to condense into a shape!
"Forget it, this seat wants to see how long you can last."
While the Giant Golden Buddha was calculating, Luo Zheng had already made his move …
The God Yi Sword was unleashed, and the sword light was unstoppable!
The four Dragon Subduing Arhats relied on the true dragon stone carvings on their shoulders to erupt with power, but they could not block the attack of the sword light!
This emotionless sword suddenly slashed out, and a thin line appeared on the waists of the four Dragon Subduing Arhats that were originally rushing toward Luo Zheng!
"Puff puff puff puff!"
Immediately after, four muffled sounds could be heard.
These four Dragon Subduing Arhats were cut in two by Luo Zheng, their heads and tails separated, and fell to the ground.
However, the wounds that were cut open by Luo Zheng immediately burst out with golden light. Under the golden light, a strange power was produced between their bodies, and they were once again glued together.
This magical ability was almost comparable to the Indestructible Body. No matter how Luo Zheng killed them, these four Dragon Subduing Arhats could always be restored!
Facing this strange scene, Luo Zheng's eyes were cold, but his state of mind was not the slightest bit moved.
At this moment, Luo Zheng's heart was as cold as ice, without any thoughts, only an extremely calm killing intent. He only wanted to kill these four Dragon Subduing Arhats.
"Puff puff puff puff …"
Several muffled sounds could be heard again!
Before these four Dragon Subduing Arhats could get up, Luo Zheng's long sword slashed out once again.
The sword light contained a cold and cruel sword intent, spreading into the shape of a fan, and once again slashed on the body of the Dragon Subduing Arhat …
"Again!"
Without waiting for these Dragon Subduing Arhats to be restored, Luo Zheng's sword had already slashed out!
"One sword …"
"Two sword …"
"Three sword …"
Luo Zheng's sword slashed out again and again, and the fan-shaped sword light spread out again and again.
At first, he cut these Dragon Subduing Arhats into two pieces, then four pieces, eight pieces … and finally, they were cut into a pile of stones.
If there were outsiders here, they would not be able to tell what this pile of stones was originally. Even the real dragon stone sculpture was also cut into palm-sized stones by Luo Zheng.
However, these irregular cross-sections of stones were still shining with a little golden light, and each stone was constantly trembling, attracting each other to stick together and restore the previous Dragon Subduing Arhats!
But Luo Zheng did not give them a chance!
The sword in his hand did not stop at all, nor did he show any mercy.
After severing his emotions, Luo Zheng's mentality would undergo a drastic change. Either he would take the initiative to leave the state of severing his emotions, and these four Dragon Subduing Arhats would have no possibility of restoring, or else Luo Zheng would not stop.
Under Luo Zheng's sword slashing, the golden light on the cross-sections of the stones became dimmer and dimmer.
This golden light was unusually overbearing, and could restore the wounds of the Dragon Subduing Arhats to their original state!
The golden light was the power of the Buddhist scripture "Solemnity of the Past"!
The Buddhist heart embraced the past, and through the calamity of life and death, it could be restored to its original state …
The golden light restored the Dragon Subduing Arhat's stone statue to its original state before it was cut into pieces!
However, the stone statue was still a stone statue, and the golden light was not endless. Under Luo Zheng's repeated slashes, the golden light gradually dimmed!
"If you still want to restore it, I will cut you into powder!"
Luo Zheng's emotionless voice rang out, and the Thunder Wind Ghost Divine Sword in his hand was still slashing out, cutting the stones even finer!
Seeing the light getting dimmer and dimmer, Luo Zheng also understood that it should be over soon.
He thought so in his heart, but at this moment, the golden light in the cross-sections of the stones soared in an instant, and the golden light was ten times brighter than before!
At the same time, the frequency of the trembling of the fine stones increased, and it was about to crazily stick together!
"Hey!"
Luo Zheng also noticed that something was wrong!
The golden light that had clearly dimmed suddenly released a bright light in an instant?
The sword in his hand did not stop at all, but his eyes looked towards the depths of the ancient temple, and he felt that something was wrong. Just now, it seemed that someone had interfered?
It was also this Golden Buddha who had a trace of thought. His Buddhist heart had reached the Great Realization stage, but when he saw Luo Zheng display such a cold sword move, and it seemed to be done casually, he had a thought in his mind.
This little guy at the Divine Sea Realm, the size of his Divine Sea Realm's Divine Sea was only one to nine. It seemed that he could display such a martial skill without True Essence?
＝＝＝＝＝