This Golden Buddha could have let Luo Zheng go.
He had indeed relied on his own strength to pass through the eighteen arhats.
However, at this moment, this Golden Buddha had a hint of curiosity in his heart …
After a Divine Sea Realm martial artist opened up a Divine Sea in his Dantian, he would liquefy his True Essence and store it in his inner world.
Although the amount of True Essence stored in this way was countless times more than before, there was still a limit.
In Buddhism, the size of the Divine Sea Realm's Divine Sea was called "one nine".
According to this Golden Buddha's deduction, Luo Zheng could only use the Yi Shen Sword twice at most.
One sword was enough to draw half of the True Essence Sea in his body.
Two swords and the True Essence Sea would dry up …
Even if this Luo Zheng was gifted and his Divine Sea was wider than ordinary people, he could not escape the number of nine. Three swords was the limit.
If Luo Zheng had a fortuitous encounter and opened up a second Divine Sea, he could only use one more sword at most …
In this universe, if there was a Divine Sea Realm martial artist who could use the Yi Shen Sword four times, he would already be a genius of the major forces, a top existence!
However, this Luo Zheng calmly used seventeen swords!
The Golden Buddha couldn't figure it out at all. How did this guy do it?
Unless Luo Zheng had a treasure on him that could instantly replenish the True Essence in his body, or cultivated the Flower Grafting Technique that could continuously extract True Essence from somewhere … But with the Golden Buddha's eyes, how could he not see through it?
Under such doubts, the Golden Buddha wanted to see through the key points in order to replenish the golden light contained in the four Dragon Subduing Arhats …
Several years ago, when Luo Zheng met Second Senior Brother on the Path of True Extinction, Second Senior Brother also had the same doubts.
It was not that Second Senior Brother's eyes were more vicious than this Golden Buddha's. It was just that Second Senior Brother had always been by his master's side, so he knew the conditions for his master to accept a third disciple.
It was not difficult to guess that Luo Zheng's Divine Sea was filled with the Qi of Primal Chaos. That was the Primal Chaos Sea, which could not be mentioned in the same breath as the True Essence Sea.
Although this Golden Buddha knew the existence of the Qi of Primal Chaos, the Qi of Primal Chaos was known as the origin of all living beings. It was also a poison to all living beings.
How could he imagine that someone in this world could comprehend the Secret Primal Chaos Technique?
And how could he imagine that someone in this world could practice Primal Chaos Secret Technique?
Looking at the Dragon Taming Arhat that was rapidly healing, Luo Zheng's face once again revealed a helpless expression.
Luo Zheng was still able to cut the Dragon Subduing Arhat into pieces, but the golden light was always able to restore these things.
If this went on, when would it?
Go Luo Zheng '!
Luo Zheng was not a person who gave up easily. Since he had come this far, giving up so easily was not in line with his personality!
Luo Zheng Luo … Luo Luo … Go of the Buddha go go go of Go of Luo ….
Taking advantage of the fact that they had yet to take form, the sword intent on the Thundergale Dark Divine Sword began to flicker once more!
"Break!"
"Puff, puff, puff, puff …"
After slashing out ten times in a row, these Dragon Subduing Arhats once again turned into fragments, and the light between the fragments began to dim again.
"Again?"
Luo Zheng looked at the Dragon Subduing Arhat with a complicated expression. His eyes revealed a trace of seriousness. If the golden light were to turn from weak to strong again, he would really have no way to stop it.
After a breath, the golden light on the cross-section of the stone shone brightly again.
This scene made Luo Zheng speechless.
His gaze passed through the door of the Inner Academy. However, there was no focus in his eyes. There seemed to be a deeper meaning behind his gaze!
It was also Luo Zheng's gaze that made the giant golden Buddha's heart tremble slightly.
"This kid is very sharp. He didn't see me, but he knows I'm here … This is the last time. If I can't find out your limit, I'll stop," the giant golden Buddha said calmly.
Unfortunately, Luo Zheng didn't cooperate this time!
"Eight Twists Flying Smoke!"
Luo Zheng's body emitted wisps of white mist!
After he chose not to kill the Dragon Subduing Arhat, those extremely fine stones quickly stuck to each other. In a short time, the four Dragon Subduing Arhats were restored to their original state.
However, Luo Zheng used the Eight Twists Flying Smoke to easily wander among these Dragon Subduing Arhats. No matter how fierce their strength was, they couldn't get within three inches of Luo Zheng. No matter how the four Dragon Subduing Arhats cooperated perfectly, Luo Zheng was like a slippery fish, easily swimming among them.
The Dragon Subduing Arhats' attacks were fierce and their punches were heavy. However, when these punches came out, accompanied by the sound of dragon roars, the power of dragon scales all fell on empty space!
Luo Zheng became more and more relaxed. He stretched his body easily, as if he was floating in the water. He was pushed around by these Dragon Subduing Arhats, but his body didn't come into contact with any of them, nor did he receive any attacks.
His gaze fell on the door of the Inner Academy from time to time, and his face occasionally revealed a sarcastic expression.
"This kid is acting shamelessly with me …"
Luo Zheng's actions, in turn, made the Giant Golden Buddha helpless.
In the end, the Giant Golden Buddha shook his head. He reached out his hand and gently pinched, extinguishing the incense power of the four Dragon Subduing Arhats. At this moment, the four Dragon Subduing Arhats maintained their original posture and stood motionless.
"Creak!"
In the end, the door of the eighteenth Inner Academy was opened for Luo Zheng.
Luo Zheng's face revealed a natural expression. He lifted his leg, walked around the motionless Dragon Subduing Arhat, and walked towards the door of the Inner Academy!
When Luo Zheng used the Eight Twists Flying Smoke, he had already made a decision in his heart. He was going to waste time with the person behind the scenes.
He didn't expect the effect to be so good. The other party probably didn't want to make things difficult for him and opened the door.
After the eighteenth Inner Academy, it was still the Inner Academy.
However, there were no more Arhat statues in the Inner Academy. In the middle of the Inner Academy, there was an offering table.
On the offering table, there was a token made of white jade.
"This is the reward of this cave?"
Luo Zheng's gaze swept over and found the word "Teleport" written on the jade!
"Teleport token?"
The greater teleportation technique in the universe could only be comprehended by sector lords.
When one's cultivation reached that level and had the experience of controlling a realm, one could comprehend the Greater Teleportation Technique!
This Greater Teleportation consumed a lot of True Yuan. Even Sector Lords would have to stop after four or five teleportations to replenish their True Yuan.
In the 100,000 Great Worlds, Greater Teleportation was probably the only choice besides relying on some extremely fast Godly Beasts. When Luo Zheng was trapped in the Immortal Abode, those Empyrean Lords used Greater Teleportation Technique to rush over.
"With this Teleportation Token, I can use Greater Teleportation and move my position in a large area?"
Luo Zheng originally had high hopes for this cave. After all, in order to enter this cave, he had spent 300,000 Fantasy points. Moreover, he had wasted a lot of time in this cave!
When he saw this Teleportation Token, he felt that this token was worth the 300,000 Fantasy points he had spent.
Now, the trouble Luo Zheng was facing was that those warriors refused to leave the city. Or rather, after these warriors discovered Luo Zheng, they would hide in the main city. Luo Zheng had no way to deal with them!
The Illusory Battlefield Luo Zheng was in was also divided into 50 Great Worlds.
Without relying on the passage, wanting to cross a Great World was a very time-consuming matter for Luo Zheng!
Relying on this Teleportation Token ….. it was enough to allow Luo Zheng to travel back and forth between Great Worlds!
Thinking of this, Luo Zheng's heart suddenly burned with passion!
He extended his hand and grabbed the token. Then, he looked into the depths of the ancient temple once more with a profound gaze.
Within the inner courtyard, there seemed to be some almighty expert. However, no matter who it was, it didn't have much to do with Luo Zheng.
After placing the Teleportation Token into Sumeru Space, Luo Zheng turned and left!
This time, stepping out of the inner courtyard, he didn't need to go through the 18 layers of inner courtyards. Opening the door led to the outer courtyard!
The moment Luo Zheng left the outer courtyard, the six-winged light bug that had disappeared for a long time appeared by Luo Zheng's side. The Maitreya Buddha also quietly changed from a fierce face to a smiling face.
As he walked out of the cave, the light vortexes appeared every 30 meters. Luo Zheng didn't leave and left the cave with ease.