Outside the cave, there were seven or eight Demon Race martial artists fighting with the three Heavenly Rats!
Before Luo Zheng entered the cave, he had killed the three Heavenly Rats, but not long after, another three appeared …
If Luo Zheng could discover this cave, then the other martial artists could as well!
The first martial artist had probably discovered the cave but was unable to defeat the Heavenly Rats here, so he returned to the main city to call for his companions!
Currently, there were still seven or eight martial artists alive, but when they saw the Fantasy Points all over the ground condensing into balls and floating in the air, the corpses of the dead martial artists were gradually disappearing …
Luo Zheng casually counted the balls of light condensed from the Fantasy Points. There were about ten balls. Presumably, ten martial artists had already been killed by the Heavenly Rats and were sent back to the main city to be resurrected.
When a martial artist killed another martial artist, they could absorb the other's Fantasy Points for their own use!
However, these Heavenly Rats could not absorb Fantasy Points, but after a martial artist died, half of their Fantasy Points would dissipate. Therefore, the Fantasy Points in front of them had already become ownerless objects!
To Luo Zheng, these were simply free Fantasy Points, so how could he let them go?
His figure flashed and he floated towards the first ball of Fantasy Points. His body lightly touched it, and the yellow Fantasy Points entered his body and were easily absorbed by him.
"Audacious!"
"Courting death!"
"Daring to absorb the Fantasy Points of our Eighteen Demonic Shadow Sons, we will chase you to the ends of the earth!"
The seven or eight Demon Race martial artists were still trying their best to deal with the three Heavenly Rats, but when they saw Luo Zheng's actions, they immediately flew into a rage, and their roars resounded through the wilderness!
These three Heavenly Rats continued to move at an incomparably fast speed. From time to time, they would use their sharp incisors to viciously bite down on the bodies of these Demon martial artists. With these bites, even divine artifact level armor could be pierced through. Even though these Demon martial artists had thick skin and thick flesh, at this moment, their bodies were still riddled with wounds so deep that their bones could be seen!
The Eighteen Demonic Shadow Sons knew that there was a great treasure buried in this cave, but the strength of the three Heavenly Rats was too strong, so they could only join forces.
In the fierce battle, more than ten lives were sacrificed!
Fortunately, these Heavenly Rats could not absorb the Fantasy Points. The dead martial artists were forcibly sent back to the main city. After they were resurrected, they could come back again and absorb the Fantasy Points that belonged to them.
The Eighteen Demonic Shadow Sons were very close, so they could be trusted. Therefore, none of them coveted the Fantasy Points on the ground!
Who knew that a cultivator would emerge from the cave while they were in the midst of a fierce battle and take the opportunity to absorb their dead brother's Fantasy Points? How could they tolerate this?
"Eighteen Demonic Shadow Sons?"
The corners of Luo Zheng's mouth curled up slightly when he heard their angry shouts. However, Luo Zheng did not take their warning seriously at all. He continued to charge towards the balls of dreamy light, rapidly absorbing the scattered balls of light on the ground.
Three thousand points …
Eight thousand …
Four thousand Fantasy
Although there weren't many scattered light spots on the ground, each one was worth a few thousand fantasy points.
As Luo Zheng absorbed the Fantasy Points, the number of Fantasy Points in his body rapidly increased!
After absorbing these ten Fantasy Points, he already had fifty thousand Fantasy Points. In addition to the ten thousand Fantasy Points from before, Luo Zheng's Fantasy Points instantly recovered to sixty thousand.
"Ah!"
Following a miserable scream, another Demon Race martial artist died on the spot! The Demon Race martial artist's head had been pierced through by the Heavenly Rat!
The red Fantasy Points wrapped around the Demon Race martial artist's soul and flew towards the main city. Another Fantasy Point burst out and floated above the corpse.
The remaining six Demon Race martial artists were slightly stunned when they saw this. They reflexively looked at Luo Zheng. This Luo Zheng wouldn't want to swallow the Fantasy Points, right?! This was too much!
Just as this thought appeared in their minds, Luo Zheng's figure disappeared. In the blink of an eye, he appeared beside the corpse of the Demon Race martial artist and swallowed the Fantasy Points...
. The six Demon Race martial artists were filled with anger when they saw this scene. Their eyes bulged, and they wished they could eat Luo Zheng alive!
"Kill this guy first!"
"Kill him, then deal with the Heavenly Rat …"
"Too hateful!"
The six Demon Race martial artists ignored the three Heavenly Rats and said they wanted to kill Luo Zheng first!
Coincidentally, two of the three Heavenly Rats also pounced on Luo Zheng at the same time.
Luo Zheng's expression was indifferent when he saw this scene. In his heart, there was no such thing as hateful or excessive in the Fantasy Battlefield.
Everyone was fighting for their ranking. This was a great elimination. The weak would be eliminated from the Fantasy Battlefield, and the strong would stand in the center of the stage! This was the meaning of the Fantasy Battlefield's existence.
Facing the siege of the Demon Race martial artists and the Heavenly Rat, a white mist appeared around Luo Zheng's body!
"Eight Twists Flying Smoke!"
It was still Eight Twists Flying Smoke!
When this movement technique was used, no matter how ferocious the opponent's attacks were, they were unable to touch Luo Zheng's sleeves.
"This guy's movement technique is so strange!" a Demon Race martial artist roared.
"Let's surround him..."
"You go behind this guy..."
However, an even stranger scene appeared before the eyes of the Demon Race martial artists.
The Heavenly Rat's speed was originally extremely fast. Luo Zheng's own speed might be far inferior, but the instant the Heavenly Rat pounced on Luo Zheng, the Eight Twists Flying Smoke turned Luo Zheng into a wisp of smoke. With the slightest fluctuation, Luo Zheng would be pushed out! The distance between Luo Zheng and the Heavenly Rat was always three inches!
Therefore, in the eyes of the Demon Race martial artists, Luo Zheng's speed suddenly increased. His speed was almost the same as the Heavenly Rat's!
Because this speed was too fast, they were almost unable to catch sight of Luo Zheng's figure. How could they surround Luo Zheng?
While using Eight Twists Flying Smoke, Luo Zheng did not forget to strike the Primal Chaos Qi into the ground, forming a mysterious white halo!
Luo Zheng had already used the Lightning Calamity Annihilation twice to deal with the Heavenly Rat. This time, he did the same. After all, the three Heavenly Rats also had three thousand fantasy points. The only difference was that this time, Luo Zheng 'encircled' the Demon Race martial artists in front of him.
Not long after, a terrifying aura suddenly came from the sky, accompanied by a burst of wild heavenly lightning. Everything in the white halo was baptized by the heavenly tribulation...
Accompanied by a roar of unwillingness, the six Demon Race martial artists turned into six red dots of light and went straight to the main city. The three Heavenly Rats in front of him also exploded at the same time, turning into countless tiny fantasy light dots.
These fantasy light dots floated in the air for a while, then flew towards Luo Zheng's body!
The six Demon Race martial artists were able to last until the end. They were stronger than the Demon Race martial artists who had been killed before. Naturally, they had more fantasy points. On average, each of them had ten thousand fantasy light dots.
Adding the fantasy points from the three Heavenly Rats, Luo Zheng's fantasy points had recovered to one hundred and thirty thousand!
"My luck is not bad," Luo Zheng smiled slightly. His body gently floated up, and he looked into the distance.
There were countless main cities in this large world, and the Illusory Battlefield was divided into fifty large worlds. Now that he had the Teleportation Token, there was no need for him to return to the main city. Now was the time for Luo Zheng to crazily plunder fantasy points!
However, whether the Teleportation Token was as effective as he had deduced still needed to be verified.
Thinking of this, Luo Zheng took out the Teleportation Token made of white jade. Then, he extracted a trace of Primal Chaos Qi from the Primal Chaos Sea and poured it into the Teleportation Token!
The moment the Teleportation Token was activated, it released a faint white light. Then, the white light extinguished.
Seeing this, Luo Zheng frowned slightly.
"This Teleportation Token … is useless?"
Just as he was thinking this, the Teleportation Token in his hand began to vibrate violently in the next breath!
An intense power of the Law of Space was transmitted from the Teleportation Token. The blazing white light instantly wrapped around Luo Zheng, as if a small sun had risen in the wilderness!
After a long time …