After activating the teleportation token, Luo Zheng escaped into a mysterious space.
Below Luo Zheng's feet, there were countless red dots. At this moment, Luo Zheng was somewhat stunned.
According to Luo Zheng's conjecture, this teleportation token might be used to help him use the Greater Teleportation Technique, allowing him to instantly cross thousands of miles of space and move freely in this great world.
He never expected that after activating the teleportation token, it would allow him to escape into a mysterious space. This space was completely beyond the scope of common sense!
"The red dots below should represent all the main cities in this great world … My position is here!"
The red dots below the space were distributed according to a certain distance. Among them, there was a cyan dot marked in a corner. Not far from this cyan dot, there was a main city.
That main city should be the one that Luo Zheng arrived in after entering the dreamland. He didn't expect that he would be assigned to the edge of this great world.
Just like what was marked on the map, the main city wasn't very far from him …
Apart from this main city, the other main cities were still quite a distance away from him.
Luo Zheng reckoned that if he relied on his own flying speed, it would take him a long time to reach another main city.
"This teleportation token can't only be used as a map, right?"
If it was only marked as a main city, it wouldn't be able to teleport Luo Zheng away. It was equivalent to a map. Spending so much effort to obtain a map was not worth the investment!
Thinking of this, Luo Zheng carefully groped about!
After floating in this space for a while, Luo Zheng went straight to one of the red dots.
Just as Luo Zheng arrived above that red dot, the small red dot below him started to rotate. A white light appeared in the center of the small red dot, and the white light rotated faster and faster. At the same time, it released an intense power of the Law of Space!
"This is a teleportation channel! Moreover … this teleportation channel seems to be directly connected to the main city represented by this red dot! "
"Interesting …"
"In this way, wouldn't I be able to choose which main city to teleport to?"
Luo Zheng's heart thumped. If that was the case, then he could easily plunder all the main cities in this world!
This space was not big, only about a few dozen miles in length and width. Luo Zheng circled around this space. Every time he passed by a red dot, that red dot would spread out a transmission channel, waiting for Luo Zheng to arrive. If Luo Zheng left completely, the transmission channel would disappear again …
A large world had tens of thousands of main cities. Luo Zheng had too many choices.
"Huh? What are these light spots?"
While Luo Zheng was looking at the huge "map" below, he found that there were three light spots in the center of the map. These three light spots were not far from each other.
However, the colors of these three light spots were completely different. They were all greenish-gray!
When Luo Zheng flew above the three light spots, the light spots didn't condense into a transmission channel. There was no reaction at all.
"These three spots of light are also three main cities? It's just that I can't enter now? "Luo Zheng judged.
After observing for a while, Luo Zheng didn't stay above the light spots for long. Instead, he chose a red light spot in the center of the "map".
In this large world, the closer the main cities were to each other, the farther they were from each other. The closer the main cities were to each other in the center of the large world, the more intense the collisions between the warriors there! This was also the reason why Luo Zheng chose this red light spot.
After choosing his target, Luo Zheng didn't hesitate and drilled into the red light spot.
The moment Luo Zheng drilled into the red light spot, a transmission channel spread out from the red light spot and firmly wrapped around Luo Zheng!
"Buzz …"
The moment he passed through the transmission channel, Luo Zheng's eardrums suddenly roared. At the same time, a feeling of extreme discomfort came over him.
After all, this type of "transmission channel" was different from ordinary transmission channels. Ordinary transmission channels only connected two places and could compress the distance between two places by a hundred times. However, the area of a large world was too large. Even if the distance was compressed by a hundred times, the transmission channel still wasn't a short distance.
However, this transmission command directly transported Luo Zheng. No matter how far the destination was, it could be reached in an instant. This type of ability could only be used by Sector Lords. Currently, Luo Zheng was using the transmission command to reach the Illusory Battlefield. Under the pressure of the space law, it was normal for Luo Zheng to not be able to adapt.
As the sound of his eardrums vibrating became more and more intense, Luo Zheng suddenly fell downwards!
In the center of the main city, dozens of cultivators were sitting cross-legged on the spot, meditating.
Every warrior participating in the Illusory Battlefield was fully prepared. Their clans had prepared large amounts of top grade Zhen Yuanyu and Zhen Yuanyu. In any case, the Illusory Battlefield was only a projection. Even if the Zhen Yuanyu was consumed, the Zhen Yuanyu outside wouldn't disappear.
In a battle, Zhen Yuanyu was a necessity. However, they didn't dare to consume too much Zhen Yuanyu. After all, the battles in the Illusory Battlefield weren't just one or two. The Zhen Yuanyu in their hands were only used at critical moments. They took advantage of the time when they returned to the main city to rest and meditate to absorb the Zhen Yuanyu.
"Buzz …"
Following a sharp sound, a white ball of light appeared in the sky above the main city. Within this ball of light, there was a heavy object falling downwards!
The person falling down was naturally Luo Zheng!
This was the first time he had used this Teleportation Token. He didn't know where this Teleportation Token would take him. When he fell to a certain distance, he tried to stop himself from falling. As a result, an invisible force bound him and dragged him downwards!
After the white light dissipated, Luo Zheng discovered that he had fallen into the center of the main city. At this moment, Luo Zheng also understood why he couldn't fly. This main city had a Forbidden Space Restriction. With his strength, he naturally couldn't get rid of it.
"Plop!"
The momentum of his fall was very fierce. After he heavily hit the ground, a loud sound rang out.
After he got up from the ground, he saw that many warriors around him were staring at Luo Zheng with strange expressions. At the same time, there was a burst of whispers.
"This guy … seems to have fallen from the sky!"
"How is that possible! The main city has a Forbidden Space Restriction. After crossing the city wall, you can't fly. How could he fall from the top of the main city? "
"Then how did he suddenly appear?"
These cultivators whispered to each other, their faces full of puzzlement.
Luo Zheng didn't care about these discussions.
He didn't know if the Teleportation Token could be taken away from the Dream Battlefield or if it could be used in the outside world. However, Luo Zheng wouldn't easily reveal it to others. As for how he appeared in this main city, he would let these people guess.
"This is a main city where human warriors gather …"
After Luo Zheng looked around, he came to this conclusion. After all, the architecture of this main city was the same as the architecture of the human race. Moreover, the warriors around Luo Zheng were also humans.
What race they were wasn't important to Luo Zheng. The reason he chose to descend to this main city was naturally to challenge those fat wolves and accumulate fantasy points …
Thinking of this, Luo Zheng left the central area and prepared to go outside the city to "try his luck".
However, just as he was about to leave, a warrior said, "Are you a warrior who just arrived in this main city?"
Hearing this, Luo Zheng stopped, turned his head to look at the warrior, and said indifferently, "Yes, what's the matter?"
The warrior looked at Luo Zheng and said, "This main city has rules. Newcomers have to register first, then pay half of your fantasy points to the city lord. Only then can you safely leave."
"City lord? This main city isn't a city in the Dream Battlefield. How can there be a city lord? My fantasy points can't be divided. How can I pay the city lord? "Luo Zheng was slightly surprised.
The warrior replied, "I'm not sure if other main cities have City Lords, but our main city has one. As for the payment of Fantasy Points, the method is very simple. If you let the City Lord kill you once, you will naturally pay half of it to him …"
Hearing this, Luo Zheng suddenly understood. He didn't know whether to laugh or cry. He was intimidated by the two words' city lord '. Presumably, this city lord was a character similar to the young master of the demon race. They relied on their own power to squeeze other warriors' fantasy points.
＝＝＝＝＝