However, this main city seemed to be even more thorough …
There was actually someone who proclaimed himself as the city lord. Not only that, but he also wanted all the warriors to register. Furthermore, he described 'killing them once' as paying half of the Fantasy Points. This was simply too grand.
When the warrior saw Luo Zheng's reaction, he warned, "I advise you to obediently register. Otherwise, you might not be able to leave this main city!"
"Unable to leave this main city? What does that mean?" Luo Zheng's interest became even more intense.
If this' city lord 'could really squeeze all the warriors in this main city, then the Fantasy Points accumulated by this person would definitely not be a small number.
This would save Luo Zheng a lot of trouble …
The warrior chuckled. "The city lord already controls this main city. If you don't register or pay Fantasy Points, then as long as you leave the main city, there will naturally be others who will come to kill you! Under such circumstances, how are you going to leave? "
Luo Zheng's eyes flashed faintly. This warrior's words were naturally aimed at ordinary warriors.
The main city was so big. Even if he could not defeat the city lord, he should be able to find a place to escape from the main city …
Seeing Luo Zheng's disapproving expression, the warrior said, "I advise you to take the initiative to register. Otherwise, you might lose more than just half of your Fantasy Points. I'm afraid that all the Fantasy Points on you will be plundered. At that time, it will be too late for regrets!"
Since someone wanted to become a City Lord, there were naturally many martial artists who refused to accept this. These martial artists tried to escape the city again and again, but only a small number of them succeeded. Most of these martial artists would be killed as soon as they left the city. They would revive in the city and be killed again and again. Naturally, the number of fantasy points they accumulated would rapidly decrease!
"Where do I register?" Luo Zheng smiled. He already had a plan in mind and asked.
"Over there!"
The warrior stretched out his hand and pointed into the distance.
After Luo Zheng nodded, he walked through the main city. Not long after, he saw the entrance of a building in the main city. There were many warriors lining up. This was the place to register and pay Fantasy Points …
Previously, in order to obtain the Teleportation Token, Luo Zheng had paid 300,000 Fantasy Points. However, the cave was deducted from the Illusion Battlefield.
By 'paying' fantasy points between martial artists, they were stretching their necks to be killed by the so-called City Lord!
If the City Lord wanted to kill him, he would have to do it outside the city …
Thinking of this, Luo Zheng also joined the long line.
The cultivators lining up all had looks of unwillingness on their faces. After all, no one would be willing to hand over half of their Fantasy Points.
Some of the warriors in the queue were killed by the subordinates of the 'City Lord' a few times because they refused to believe it. They had no choice but to come back to register and 'pay' their Fantasy points.
There were also some cultivators who had left the main city to explore. After returning, they were defeated and killed by the 'City Lord'. After reviving, if they wanted to leave the main city, they had to obediently register here and let the 'City Lord' kill them again before they could leave this damned place!
The most unlucky ones were the warriors who had died in the wilderness. Some warriors were not born in this main city. They had accidentally entered the area around the main city while exploring in the wilderness. In the end, they were killed by the vicious beasts or divine beasts in this area.
According to the rules of the Illusion Battlefield, if one died in the wilderness, their body would revive in the nearest main city. They were the closest to this main city. After reviving, they would naturally enter this main city … and entering this main city meant that they had to be killed by the City Lord again before they could leave safely.
Luo Zheng was not lining up here to pay his Fantasy Points. These Fantasy Points were so precious. How could he easily give them to others?
His target was naturally the 'City Lord' of this main city …
After waiting for the time it took for an incense stick to burn, it was finally his turn.
"Name!" The warrior in charge of registration said coldly.
"Luo Tianxing," Luo Zheng said indifferently.
"Which human faction are you from? Which realm? Which holy land? "The warrior continued to ask.
"You even want to ask this?" Luo Zheng asked in return.
"I'm asking you. Answer honestly!" The warrior glared fiercely at Luo Zheng.
Seeing this, the corners of Luo Zheng's mouth curled into a faint smile. Since the City Lord could command so many cultivators to work for him, he must be a person of great origin. Otherwise, it would be impossible for him to have such a rallying power.
After all, everyone was equal in the Illusion Battlefield. Just like Young Master Hao's background in the Demon Race, his background must not be simple. However, he had only fooled a group of Demon Race warriors to work for him at the beginning. After many Demon Race warriors understood what was going on, no one listened to Young Master Hao's orders.
The source of this appeal could only be a position outside the Illusion Battlefield!
"Human Alliance, Spirit Communication World, Spirit Martial Holy Land," Luo Zheng said indifferently.
Hearing Luo Zheng's words, the warrior looked at Luo Zheng indifferently. Then, he called another warrior and said at the same time, "Okay, follow him outside the city. After you pay the fantasy points, you can get out of here!"
Luo Zheng's expression remained calm. He followed the warrior next to him and went straight to the north gate of the main city …
After arriving at the edge of the main city, Luo Zheng finally understood why the warrior had warned him!
On the city wall of the main city, there was a Divine Sea Realm warrior standing like an iron tower. These warriors wore black armor and held light golden sabers. Their expressions were solemn, just like statues.
"Friend, where did these warriors come from? Why are they dressed in the same way? "Luo Zheng asked.
The warrior leading the way glanced at Luo Zheng indifferently. He was very disdainful of Luo Zheng's fuss. "Nonsense, these warriors in black armor are the City Lord's guards. They work for the City Lord. Isn't it normal for them to dress in the same way?"
"Normal? You can bring guards into the Illusion Battlefield? "Luo Zheng asked.
Noticing Luo Zheng's puzzled expression, the martial practitioner seemed even more pleased with himself. He even showed off the details of what he had heard. "Our main city's City Lord comes from one of the top three aristocratic families in [Gods No Thoughts], the Ji Family! When the Illusion Battlefield opens, the Ji Family has high hopes for the City Lord! They have gathered 10,000 outstanding warriors of the Divine Sea Realm and entered the Illusion Battlefield at the same time as the City Lord! "
The distribution of warriors in the Illusion Battlefield to different main cities was random. However, the probability of warriors in the same area being placed together was quite high. The Ji Family arranged 10,000 warriors of the Divine Sea Realm. Under this distribution, 20% of the warriors were placed in other main cities. However, 80% of the warriors followed the "City Lord" into this main city!
It meant that from the moment the "City Lord" of the Ji Family stepped into the Illusion Battlefield, he had 8,000 warriors of the Divine Sea Realm as his guards.
It was also because of these 8,000 warriors of the Divine Sea Realm that the City Lord had such power. He took this main city as his own and oppressed all the warriors in the city in a dignified manner!
"I see." Luo Zheng nodded.
While they were talking, Luo Zheng and the warrior leading the way had arrived at the gate of the city. Not far away, there was a warrior in a blue robe with a black long sword in his hand. He was accumulating power with his eyes closed!
In front of this warrior in blue robe, there was a row of warriors of the Divine Sea Realm standing in an orderly manner!
These warriors of the Divine Sea Realm had no intention to resist. They stood there like lambs waiting to be slaughtered.
They had no choice. They could slowly earn back half of the Illusion Points. If they didn't pay, they couldn't leave this main city at all …
The warrior in blue robe stood there for a while and then suddenly opened his eyes. He had been accumulating power for a long time. At this moment, it was easy for him to activate the black long sword in his hand!
The sword light of the black long sword soared. In the blink of an eye, the black long sword had slashed out!
"Pfff, pfff, pfff …"
Along with the splashing of blood, seven or eight red light spots wrapped the souls of these warriors and flew into the main city, waiting to be resurrected.
In addition, balls of yellow dreamy light spots burst out from the ground. Because these warriors were killed by the warrior in blue robe, these dreamy light spots flew towards the warrior in blue robe!
"It's easy to accumulate Illusion Points like this …" Luo Zheng commented in his mind. Then the number of Illusion Points accumulated by this guy must not be a small number. "Is this person the" City Lord "of this main city?" Luo Zheng asked immediately.