"Not the City Lord?" Luo Zheng asked curiously.
That martial artist explained, "The City Lord accumulates Fantasy Points and doesn't need him to act directly! This person is a valiant general of the City Lord. He helps the City Lord absorb Fantasy Points and then pays it to the City Lord. "
The so-called "payment" naturally referred to the method of killing …
This meant that the City Lord didn't need to personally act to harvest the Fantasy Points of countless martial artists in the city. Instead, he would let his subordinates do it, and then the City Lord would harvest the Fantasy Points of his subordinates.
Hearing this explanation, Luo Zheng felt some admiration for the City Lord.
This City Lord was only a Divine Sea Realm martial artist, but he was able to establish his own set of rules in this Fantasy Space in a short period of time. Furthermore, he was able to implement it layer by layer. He was indeed a genius.
"Next batch!"
That blue-shirted martial artist twirled his black longsword gently. His eagle eyes swept over with a sharp gaze.
"Go." The martial artist that brought Luo Zheng urged, "After paying half of the Fantasy Points, they won't make things difficult for you …"
At the same time, seven or eight martial artists on both sides of the city gate very consciously welcomed that blue-shirted martial artist. They would let him kill them and give him half of their Fantasy Points.
Luo Zheng also followed beside those martial artists. However, he felt a little depressed …
His target was the "City Lord", not this blue-shirted martial artist in front of him.
Using such a method, this City Lord must have accumulated a huge amount of Fantasy Points. If he killed the City Lord, he would be able to get half of the Fantasy Points. This was the most economical method.
However, he didn't expect that the City Lord didn't act personally but sent his subordinates instead.
The blue-shirted martial artist's sharp gaze swept over these seven or eight martial artists again. His gaze landed on Luo Zheng. He could faintly sense the aura that Luo Zheng was hiding.
However, he didn't take it to heart. No one in the main city could disobey them unless they planned to stay in the main city forever …
Such martial artists did exist. Some martial artists couldn't stand their methods but were not their match. Thus, they hid in the main city and cursed at them!
However, what was the use of this?
Martial artists fought based on their strength, not their mouths.
"Stand still," the blue-robed cultivator said in a cold voice. The black sword in his hand swung in a circle, but in his heart, he felt that something was wrong. His gaze once again fell on Luo Zheng, and he asked, "What is your name, and which force do you come from?"
Luo Zheng replied faintly, "Hasn't it been registered?"
"I asked you to answer," the blue-shirted warrior stared at Luo Zheng and said.
"Human Alliance, Psychic Realm, Lingwu Sacred Land," Luo Zheng answered honestly.
"Very good." The blue-robed martial artist said, "After you revive, you have to come over and be killed by me again. A total of three times before you can leave the main city."
Three times …
Not to mention three times, even once was impossible.
Therefore, when he heard this, the smile on Luo Zheng's face became even wider.
Although he was smiling, he was in a bad mood.
The Illusory Battlefield could allow all the low-level martial artists in the entire universe to enter and compete with all the genius martial artists. However, this group of people still wanted to use their own forces and strength to create rules and try to control the fate of the weak …
Luo Zheng's strong smile made the blue-robed cultivator feel a trace of unease. He asked coldly, "What are you laughing at?"
"I'm laughing at you …" Luo Zheng suddenly said, "In your dreams!"
As soon as Luo Zheng's voice fell, the blue-robed cultivator's face darkened. "You're courting death!"
After saying this, the black sword in his hand flipped and slashed towards Luo Zheng without any explanation!
Seeing this scene, many martial artists in the city, including the martial artists who had led Luo Zheng here after Luo Zheng had registered, suddenly changed their expressions.
When the Illusory Battlefield first opened, many martial artists refused to accept the rules set by the "City Lord", and some geniuses also tried to resist …
However, the final result was very cruel!
This genius martial artist from the Ji Family could practically crush all the martial artists in the city!
The most important thing was that the "City Lord" was carrying a precious treasure of the Ji Family, a supreme artifact that could allow the City Lord to come and go without a trace, appearing and disappearing like a ghost …
It was also because of the existence of this supreme artifact that almost no martial artist could escape the pursuit of the "City Lord".
In the end, everyone accepted their fate and obediently went to register. Then, they "paid" half of their fantasy points.
"Another guy who refuses to accept his fate has come!"
"Ai, he will soon accept his fate. Whether it is inside or outside the Illusory Battlefield, the Ji Family is a colossal existence to ordinary martial artists. How can ordinary martial artists resist them …"
"I estimate that this guy's fantasy points will be wiped clean!"
The surrounding martial artists looked at Luo Zheng with a trace of pity on their faces.
Luo Zheng and several other martial artists stood in a row. The blue-robed martial artist did not give them any chance to explain. After killing several martial artists beside him, the blue-robed martial artist chopped down at Luo Zheng!
The blue-robed martial artist's black sword was very strange. When the black sword was brandished, it rapidly rotated! Because of the high-speed rotation, the sword did not look like a sword, but a black "staff"!
And because the black sword was rotating at such a high speed, it produced a strong suction force that pulled everything in the surroundings to the sword's edge, and then twisted it into pieces!
Therefore, the martial artists that were killed by the blue-robed martial artist did not have a thin sword mark on their bodies, but a terrifying wound!
Facing this strange sword technique, Luo Zheng did not dodge!
He only extended his hand towards the black sword and grabbed the black sword's edge!
The blue-robed martial artist's face revealed a trace of a sinister smile, and the black sword's rotation speed became even faster. This brat dared to grab his sword with his bare hands, and the only result was that he would be twisted into pieces!
How could such a stupid guy give me so much pressure before?
At this moment, the blue-robed martial artist's heart had a trace of confusion, but he did not take it to heart. Although a martial artist's intuition was very accurate, it was not always correct. Perhaps he had thought too much before.
However, after Luo Zheng's hand grabbed the crazily rotating sword's edge, his face suddenly changed!
The blue-robed martial artist originally imagined that Luo Zheng's hand would be twisted by his sword's edge, and the flesh on his arm would be twisted into powder, and the bones would shatter inch by inch.
But the moment Luo Zheng grabbed the sword's edge, he heard a crisp collision sound!
"Dang dang dang dang …"
The scene that he imagined did not appear!
The originally crazily rotating sword was still rotating in Luo Zheng's hand. This brat actually forcibly grabbed his sword's edge!
Under the twisting of the sword's edge, a crisp sound could be heard. Finally, the twisting force was forcibly restrained by Luo Zheng's single hand.
Finally, the sword's edge was firmly grasped in Luo Zheng's hand. It stopped spinning, and the black sword's edge had already curled up!
"This …"
The blue-robed martial artist suddenly opened his eyes wide, and a trace of fear appeared in his sharp eagle eyes …
He had followed his family's young master for many years, and he had seen many capable people. He had also heard of the various geniuses of [Gods Without Thought].
But this brat who could wrap his black sword with just one hand and come out unscathed, this brat had already exceeded the scope of a genius. He was simply a freak!
Above and below the city walls, many spectating martial artists were silent when they saw this scene.
Frankly speaking, they were very happy to see this scene. Although some of them had no choice but to serve the "City Lord", they had also paid fantasy points to the City Lord. How could they be willing to accept this? They were only forced by the power of the Ji Family.
Luo Zheng's appearance had helped them vent their anger. Moreover, looking at this situation, it seemed that there would be a good show to watch …
"I already said that you wish," Luo Zheng smiled and gently clenched his hand!
"Ping!"
A crisp sound could be heard, and the black sword was forcibly broken by Luo Zheng.
The blue-robed martial artist took a deep breath. This black sword was a Secondary Grade One Divine Weapon, and it was also bestowed to him by the Ji Family's young master.
Although it was not painful to break a weapon in the Illusion Battlefield, Luo Zheng was able to break a Secondary Grade One Divine Weapon so easily. At this moment, he faintly felt that something was wrong!
"Whoosh!"
Thinking of this, the blue-robed martial artist had already made up his mind. He planned to temporarily avoid the brunt of Luo Zheng's attack and head straight for the city gates!
"Actually, I'm more optimistic than you. You can leave, but you have to stay behind!"
Luo Zheng smiled faintly. How could he let this fat sheep escape?