The blue-robed cultivator was greatly alarmed!
Feeling the power erupting behind him, he drew a ten with one hand and three long swords flew out from his body!
The three long swords were of different colors. One was gold, one was silver, and one was bronze!
The three swords were engraved with beautiful patterns and their appearance was very eye-catching!
The black long sword that Luo Zheng had broken was a gift from the Ji Family's Young Master. As for the gold, silver, and bronze swords, they were his usual swords. These three swords had followed him for many years and were connected to his heart!
The gold, silver, and bronze swords flew out and resonated with each other from a distance. They began to rapidly rotate!
"Hu hu hu …"
Under the constant rotation of the three swords, a gold, silver, and bronze tornado appeared beside the blue-robed cultivator!
"Triple Mountain Dragon Twist!"
After this tornado was formed, it blew violently like a soaring dragon and charged towards Luo Zheng at the rear!
Luo Zheng's figure was like a sharp sword. Without dodging, he charged straight into it!
"Ping ping …"
The three tri-colored longswords that were hidden in the tornadoes clashed against his body, producing a series of metallic sounds!
Luo Zheng did not need a protective armor. His body was comparable to a first-grade divine artifact. Although the swords were sharp, how could they do anything to Luo Zheng?
The only troublesome thing was Luo Zheng's clothes. Under this twisting attack, the green clothes on his body were torn into strips and then shattered. However, this was not the first time Luo Zheng had encountered such a situation. Basically, Luo Zheng had to change his clothes every once in a while …
Luo Zheng forcibly passed through the three-colored tornado and charged towards the blue-robed cultivator. His hands shot out like lightning!
Seeing that he could not escape, the blue-robed cultivator flipped over like a sparrow hawk. A golden pill appeared in his hand and he suddenly crushed it!
"Hmph, you think you can obtain my fantasy points … Dream on! My fantasy points are all for the City Lord! Hahaha … "
Hearing this, a trace of confusion appeared on Luo Zheng's face. He only needed to kill this person to obtain half of his Fantasy Points. Why couldn't he obtain them?
After the blue-robed cultivator crushed the golden pellet, a violent aura erupted from the golden pellet, and an enormous aura spread out from it!
"Boom!"
Seeing that the situation was not right, Luo Zheng quickly retreated!
The distance between him and the blue-robed martial artist increased by several tens of feet!
After a breath of time, the golden ball suddenly shattered, and then blood red lightning that was fine like hairs emanated from within it!
This power of thunder was as thin as a strand of hair, but as it spread out, it was like a dense tree root that spread outwards. It completely covered the 100 foot area around the blue-clothed martial artist, turning into a massive ball of thunder!
Seeing the power of this golden pill, Luo Zheng's eyelids twitched violently!
"The power of this golden pill is actually so terrifying!"
If Luo Zheng had been caught in it just now, he would probably have been torn apart by this terrifying blood red lightning!
Although he wouldn't really die in the Illusion Battlefield, he would probably lose half of his fantasy points … If this wasn't the Illusion Battlefield, wouldn't he have really died?
In addition to the chill in his heart, Luo Zheng was also thinking about the blue-robed cultivator's words before he died. He was unable to obtain his fantasy points?
According to the rules of the Illusion Battlefield, even if one committed suicide, they would lose half of their fantasy points. Just like the cultivator killed by the Sky Rat in the wilderness before, after the fantasy points exploded, they condensed together and turned into a yellow ball of light. Luo Zheng only needed to go up and absorb it!
However, what Luo Zheng didn't expect was that after the blue-robed cultivator died, a large ball of fantasy points indeed appeared!
The densely packed Fantasy Points were twice as many as the Dragonfowl that Luo Zheng had killed back then! In other words, just within the blue-robed cultivator's body, there were at least 200,000 fantasy points of light!
However, after these yellow fantasy points of light exploded, they didn't enter Luo Zheng's body because this person wasn't killed by Luo Zheng!
Not only that, but these fantasy points of light actually flew towards the main city!
"What's going on?"
Luo Zheng's face was filled with shock …
Could it be that the City Lord could change the rules of the Illusion Battlefield?
This was simply impossible!
On the city wall, the City Lord's guards didn't stand up.
That blue-robed cultivator wasn't even a match for Luo Zheng. If they rushed out of the city, they would only be delivering food to Luo Zheng …
However, these guards had mocking smiles on their faces as they stared at Luo Zheng, seemingly mocking Luo Zheng's childishness.
As for the various cultivators at the city gate, each of them had a different expression. They were the subordinates of the City Lord, so naturally, they weren't willing to tell Luo Zheng the reason why.
Floating ten feet above the ground, Luo Zheng frowned as he watched this scene. Seeing the large number of fantasy points disappear, Luo Zheng felt somewhat helpless!
In an instant, Luo Zheng's eyes flashed, and he flew along the city wall!
This so-called City Lord definitely had more than one subordinate. A main city covered a large area. News of him being here might not spread out. Right now, he had to find his next target, which was the City Lord's other subordinates …
The dense yellow dots of light drifted all the way into the main city and finally flew into a courtyard in the southwest of the main city.
In the Illusion Battlefield, all the cultivators were fighting with their lives on the line. They were either fighting with other cultivators to obtain fantasy points or killing various fierce beasts in the wilderness …
However, this residence appeared to be very serene!
Little snowflakes were like weightless cotton that gently drifted down.
Under the scorching sun, these snowflakes were naturally man-made …
In fact, when one approached the entrance of this courtyard, one could feel the biting cold. Ordinary cultivators also knew that this was not a place to stay for long, so they all retreated carefully.
In the courtyard, a thick layer of snow had been laid on the ground. Standing in the courtyard was like standing in the middle of winter, giving off a quiet and peaceful atmosphere.
A woman wearing a purple veil was in a corner of this snow-covered courtyard, holding a palm-sized silk book in her hands.
There were no drawings on this silk book. Instead, it was filled with small, densely packed words. It was a contemporary novel …
In the entire universe, in the Hundred Thousand Great Worlds, cultivators occupied an absolute ruling position. To put it bluntly, they valued martial arts and despised literature.
Here, scholars could only be considered as mortals. They were insignificant existences. In the mainstream culture of any race, they didn't exist.
However, in these few years, there was a craze for contemporary novels in the Upper Realm …
It wasn't that the status of scholars had increased. Things like poems and songs were still not popular among cultivators. Instead, all kinds of supernatural novels were very popular.
The reason was still Luo Zheng …
Although many cultivators were annoyed by his stories over the past few years, there were still some cultivators who heard the stories in their minds and became interested.
However, Luo Zheng still needed to cultivate. Furthermore, the story was told for the mysterious girl. Everyone was just a listener. If the mysterious girl came out of seclusion, everyone could still gather by her side and listen. They could be considered listeners. But if Luo Zheng stopped telling the story, everyone would have nothing to listen to.
However, in the universe, there were many living beings. The number of mortals was even more than ants. In terms of culture, these powerhouses who stood at the top of the pyramid were actually not as good as those mortals.
If one asked around a little, they would be able to buy mountains of novels by spending a single True Essence Stone. They could even hire several hundred storytellers to tell vivid stories in their ears every day. In the last few years, this had become one of the most fashionable activities among martial artists.
Because of this, the status of some mortals rose. For example, in a small city under a sixth-rank Holy Land in the Broken Heavens Realm of [Gods No Thoughts], there was a storyteller named Zhang Shisan.
Zhang Shisan's stories were all made up by himself. When he told the stories, whether it was his emotions or his demeanor, they were all very accurate. He was recognized by a certain cultivator in this Holy Land and was recommended all the way up. Zhang Shisan's status rose steadily. It was said that it even caused a fight between two Holy Lands …
Later, Zhang Shisan was even given a Longevity Pill, which gave him hundreds of years of life. This was already very amazing among mortals. Even the rulers of some small countries among mortals didn't receive such treatment.
But in general, all scholars had to thank one person, and that was Luo Zheng!
If he hadn't used the Roaring Token to inject his stories into the minds of many cultivators and arouse the interest of some of them, this wave of activity wouldn't have happened …
＝＝＝＝＝