This woman could be considered to be infatuated with the novel. At this moment, she was lying on a chair with her slender legs resting on a small stool. She was flipping through the silk book in her hands with great interest.
With the strength of a Divine Sea Realm warrior's soul, as long as they released their senses, they could instantly memorize the hundreds of thousands of words in the silk book in the blink of an eye.
But if they did so, they would lose the joy of reading!
She was still reading word by word. Only by doing so could she be affected by the characters in the novel and be concerned about their fates …
Just as this woman was engrossed in reading, a large ball of yellow dreamy light rapidly flew towards her. In the blink of an eye, the dreamy light was absorbed by this woman.
"Eh?"
The purple-clothed woman frowned. Her face that was whiter than snow revealed a trace of displeasure. It was indeed displeasing to be disturbed at the most exciting part of the story.
"Who is so daring … to kill my people."
The purple-clothed woman carefully folded a page of the silk book in her hands and placed it into her Sumeru Space.
Then, she quietly got up and left a series of small footprints in the rustling snow. With light steps, she left her residence …
Luo Zheng circled around the edge of the main city at high speed …
His guess was correct. The 'City Lord' had more than one subordinate.
In fact, the City Lord had sent a total of eight people to help her collect dreamy points at the eight exits of the main city.
In the outside world, these eight people were the personal attendants of the 'City Lord'.
This time, they came to the Illusory Battlefield and naturally served the 'City Lord' with great care. They had to hand over all the dreamy points they collected!
And the location where these eight people were located was jokingly called the 'Slaughterhouse' by the warriors in the main city …
With Luo Zheng's speed, he arrived at the other side of the main city in less than five minutes.
He saw a tall Human Race warrior standing at the city gate with a pair of golden hammers in his hands.
The human martial artist was as strong as a bull, and his voice was very loud. He shouted loudly, "Stand still, all of you. You won't feel any pain when I hit you with my hammer. Just close your eyes and you'll be revived in the city!"
In front of this human warrior, there was naturally a row of warriors who planned to hand over half of their dreamy points to him!
Seeing this tall human warrior, Luo Zheng's eyes flashed and a trace of joy appeared on his face!
He drew out a trace of primal chaos energy from his body. Then, a gust of wind blew around him and his speed increased. He flew towards the human warrior at an extremely fast speed!
This tall human warrior raised his hammers and was about to kill the people in front of him.............................
.......... Niu... .......
This tall human martial artist's name was Niu Jin. He was naturally fond of fighting. When he entered the Illusory Battlefield, he wanted to take advantage of this opportunity to kill!
............................................
Niu Jin had no interest in slaughtering sheep that couldn't resist. However, his young master's orders were more important. He could only stand guard here and act as his young master's executioner, helping her accumulate dreamy points.
At this moment, Niu Jin saw a figure flying towards him at high speed. He immediately became excited!
When the Illusory Battlefield had just opened, there were people who dared to challenge Niu Jin …
However, after those warriors were killed by him a few times, they immediately became as obedient as sheep.
Among them, there were a few who were stronger than him. However, after being taught a lesson by his young master, they also became sheep.
Facing a group of docile sheep, Niu Jin felt that this trip to the Illusory Battlefield was very boring. Therefore, he was powerless to do anything!
Now that he saw someone coming to find trouble with him, Niu Jin was naturally happy!
"Clang!"
Niu Jin collided the two hammers in his hands!
A visible ripple spread out from the hammers. When the sound reached the warriors' ears, they felt their souls tremble!
A smile appeared on Luo Zheng's face when he saw Niu Jin's fearless demeanor.
He was afraid that Niu Jin would escape into the main city. He was also afraid that Niu Jin would crush a golden pill like the warrior in green. If that happened, all his efforts would be for naught!
"I'll kill this person as fast as I can!"
After Luo Zheng made up his mind, he did not hesitate. When he was still a hundred feet away from Niu Jin, he took a step forward and crossed the space. He planned to approach Niu Jin's side and kill Niu Jin with a thunderous attack to cut off any backup plans.
However, just as Luo Zheng passed through space, he heard Niu Jin snort coldly. He suddenly waved his hammers and smashed them into the void!
"Boom!"
A loud sound came from this smash!
Luo Zheng's figure staggered out from the void. He looked at the boorish man in front of him with surprise.
Niu Jin's face was also full of surprise …
Shuttling through space for a short distance was only a basic method of using the Law of Space. With Luo Zheng's current understanding of the Law of Space, he could hide himself perfectly. At least, it would be difficult for the opponent to catch his shuttling path!
However, Niu Jin's hammers were not only able to accurately see through his teleportation technique, the hammers were also able to hit him in the void!
Just now, Luo Zheng was smashed out from the void by Niu Jin. The power contained in the hammers made Luo Zheng's Qi and blood tumble.
At this moment, Niu Jin was even more shocked than Luo Zheng!
His hammers really hit Luo Zheng's body …
With his strength alone, his hammers could flatten a ten thousand feet tall mountain. Even if the opponent was a warrior in the Divine Sea Realm, there was no way they could survive being hit by his hammers. At least, they would be smashed into meat paste!
However, after he smashed his hammers, he only saw Luo Zheng stagger out from the void. He didn't seem to be weakened at all. He wasn't even injured.
"What the hell is this guy!"
At this moment, Niu Jin had the same feeling as the blue-clothed cultivator. It was as if he wasn't looking at a Human Race cultivator, but a monster, a monster that could withstand the force of his hammers without being injured!
Even the young master couldn't withstand his hammers. This guy …
However, his character was completely different from the blue-robed warrior. Seeing Luo Zheng like this, he didn't have the slightest intention of retreating. This aroused his monstrous fighting spirit!
This kind of opponent could only be encountered by chance. Moreover, he wouldn't die in the Illusion Battlefield. This kind of opportunity was too precious. How could he let go of Luo Zheng?
The outcome was still undecided. However, he only wanted to fight to his heart's content. As for the large amount of fantasy points he had accumulated for the young master, he had already thrown this matter to the depths of his mind …
"Haha, your body is really enviable. However, I don't believe that I can't smash you! Don't run! "
"Clang! Clang! "
After Niu Jin finished speaking, he slammed his hammers together a few more times. Ripples spread out in the air. His thick and powerful legs took a mysterious step as he rushed towards Luo Zheng!
The pair of golden hammers in this person's hands danced, forming thousands of hammer shadows!
This hammer technique was extremely mysterious. Not to mention that ordinary warriors couldn't see through these hammer shadows, even Luo Zheng couldn't see through them in an instant!
He was like a mad bull, rushing towards Luo Zheng with great power. He wanted to crush everything in front of him into dust!
Such a big commotion attracted many warriors to stop and watch! Even if they had to endure the sound of Niu Jin's hammers striking, they still didn't want to miss this wonderful duel!
"That guy really didn't run!"
"Could it be that he was scared silly? Niu Jin will smash him into dust …"
"Previously, Niu Jin lost his temper with the City Lord and smashed his hammers on the city wall. I heard that the main city wall was shaken by him!"
Shaking the main city was already an exaggeration.
All the main cities in the Illusion Battlefield were built by the Heavenly Dao. They were where the rules were. In reality, they couldn't be shaken at all. Thus, it was impossible to peel off a piece of the city wall!
However, it was enough to show that everyone had a deep impression of Niu Jin's hammers and his terrifying strength.