The golden hammer shadows in front of Luo Zheng were profound hammer techniques that had been accumulated for thousands of years!
These golden hammer shadows covered the sky and covered the earth, making it impossible to distinguish between the real and fake ones. It was not easy to break them.
However, Luo Zheng had no intention of breaking them. He still intended to use brute force to resist, which was also the fastest method.
However, Niu Jin was originally very strong. How many martial artists of the same level could resist him with brute force? Even warriors who were stronger than Niu Jin, such as the "Young Master" that Niu Jin served, who was also the "City Lord" of the main city, could not use brute force to fight him. That would be too disadvantageous.
However, Luo Zheng would not be disadvantaged. With the body of a divine artifact combined with the power of the dragon scales, not to mention martial artists of the same level, even martial artists of a higher level than Luo Zheng would not be able to resist him!
Therefore, not only did Luo Zheng not retreat half a step, but he also faced Niu Jin head-on …
"You have guts! I'll grant you a quick death! "
Seeing that Luo Zheng did not run away, but instead came straight for him, Niu Jin poured all of his strength into his arms! At the same time, the Spirit Sea began to set off monstrous waves. His cultivation spread out like a god of strength, and all the golden hammer shadows came down on Luo Zheng!
At this moment, Luo Zheng also opened up the power of the dragon scales to as many as ten thousand pieces!
The strength in his body was like a tide, flocking together. Although the hammer shadows were dazzling like flowers, making it difficult to distinguish between the real and fake ones, Luo Zheng did not intend to defend against the hammer strikes. His only target was Niu Jin himself!
"Whoosh!"
Luo Zheng's figure suddenly sped up by 30%. He clenched one hand into a fist. This very ordinary Forward Punch contained far more power than anyone could imagine!
In Niu Jin's view, Luo Zheng's fighting style was somewhat desperate.
With a laugh, he grabbed with his right hand, and half of the golden hammer shadows in the sky disappeared. It turned out that for insurance, he had blocked Luo Zheng's attack with a golden hammer in front of his chest. He had smashed Luo Zheng twice before, so he knew that Luo Zheng must be extraordinary. The Forward Punch in front of him looked very simple, but he was afraid that there was a trick behind it! He did not want to perish together with Luo Zheng …
If they perished together, half of the fantasy points in his and Luo Zheng's bodies would be left here. If they were snatched by some meddlesome martial artists, he might be scolded by the Young Master..
Niu Jin looked reckless on the outside, but his mind was actually very meticulous. He kept one of the golden hammers, but the other one was still transforming into countless hammer shadows and smashing down on Luo Zheng's head. He was determined to smash Luo Zheng's head into smithereens!
It could be said that Niu Jin made the most correct judgment in an instant.
But no matter how correct his judgment was, it was useless under the suppression of absolute strength!
When Luo Zheng's fist smashed into Niu Jin's defensive golden hammer, Niu Jin immediately understood ….
The might of Luo Zheng's punch wasn't very strong. His entire aura had been completely overshadowed by Niu Jin. However, when Luo Zheng's punch made contact with the golden hammer, Niu Jin felt an earth-shattering force from his hammer.
This force smashed into the golden hammer, and the golden hammer turned around and smashed into Niu Jin's chest ….
"Ka!"
A cracking sound was heard.
Luo Zheng had smashed the circular golden hammer into pieces from the middle! Luo Zheng's Forward Punch did not stop. It went through the cracks and smashed into Niu Jin's chest!
"Clang!"
When Luo Zheng's fist hit Niu Jin's chest, another loud sound was heard!
Hearing this sound, Luo Zheng's eyes flickered slightly. However, he sighed in his heart. Not good. This guy actually has a treasure to protect himself!
A defensive treasure that could withstand the power of ten thousand dragon scales had to be at least a grade one divine artifact. However, even if he had a defensive treasure protecting his chest, he would still be severely injured. After all, a defensive treasure could only reduce the damage he received. It couldn't completely block the attack, unless the defensive treasure protecting his chest was a supreme divine artifact.
Luo Zheng was worried that this guy also had a golden pill. If he crushed the golden pill now, all his efforts would be for naught ….
Under the huge inertia, Niu Jin flew backward. He knew that he was seriously injured. That terrifying force still remained in his internal organs. It even shook the world in his body, and a part of his spirit sea was on the verge of collapse!
At this time, Niu Jin was not thinking about saving his life, but protecting the Young Master's fantasy points!
If he lost his life, he could revive. If this person snatched his fantasy points, he would most likely face the Young Master's harsh punishment!
Therefore, the moment he flew backward, a golden pill appeared in Niu Jin's hand!
However, the moment Niu Jin took out the golden pill, before he could crush it, he heard a cold chuckle beside his ear.
Luo Zheng seemed to have anticipated that Niu Jin would take out the golden pill and forced himself to step closer to him. Niu Jin was just about to crush the golden pill with his hand, but before he could exert any strength, a blue ray of golden light flashed …
Niu Jin could no longer feel the existence of his right hand!
That hand was instantly cut off by Luo Zheng's Thunder Wind Ghost Divine Sword, and he flew up high with the golden pill in his hand.
Luo Zheng's movements were extremely nimble. His figure flashed, and he grabbed the golden pill from his severed hand. With a roll, his knee pressed against Niu Jin's chest, and the blade of his sword was already aimed at Niu Jin.
"The Young Master won't …."
"Pfff!"
Luo Zheng didn't let this person finish speaking. If it was elsewhere, he might have been able to make this person speak a few more words.
This main city was strange everywhere. He was afraid that the fantasy points he was about to obtain would fly away. It was better to kill this person first. It couldn't be that the fantasy points of the person he killed would fly away, right?
In fact, until now, Luo Zheng still couldn't understand why the fantasy points would automatically fly away after the blue-clothed cultivator died ….
Once Niu Jin died, he was wrapped in a red light and brought back to the main city to revive. At the same time, a large amount of fantasy points exploded. This person's fantasy points were actually more than the blue-clothed cultivator's!
These yellow light spots exploded from Niu Jin's body and flew towards Luo Zheng's body. Seeing this scene, Luo Zheng let out a sigh of relief. He really thought that someone could affect the rules of the Illusion Battlefield!
On the city wall, many cultivators saw this scene. Most of their gazes were filled with envy and pity.
They were envious because Luo Zheng actually had such strength. Not only was he not at a disadvantage in a direct confrontation with Niu Jin, but he was also able to kill Luo Zheng in one blow and obtain so many fantasy points!
The reason for their pity was very simple. They clearly knew what Luo Zheng's fate was ….
Previously, when the "City Lord" wanted to take control of this main city, it caused many cultivators to retaliate. Among them, there was no lack of powerful cultivators. Some of them were even more valiant than Niu Jin and the others. Some of them had killed Niu Jin and the others several times.
But in the end, they were killed by the City Lord again and again!
Now, not only did those cultivators have a pitiful amount of fantasy points, but it was also very difficult for them to even leave the main city!
As long as those cultivators left the city, they would face the City Lord's pursuit. And with the City Lord's speed …. no Divine Sea Realm cultivator could escape from him!
In their opinion, this Luo Zheng's fate wouldn't be any better.
"This Niu Jin is dead. The City Lord …. will probably rush over!"
"This guy still hasn't left. It's not too late to slip away now!"
"This person should be a cultivator from another main city. He doesn't know the City Lord's strength!"
What they didn't know was that Luo Zheng didn't intend to leave this place at all. His target was the City Lord ….
The City Lord's subordinates were already filthy rich. Wouldn't the City Lord himself have accumulated an astronomical number of fantasy points? Thinking of this, how could Luo Zheng be willing to leave?
Since this City Lord was rumored to be so tyrannical and he had killed two of his subordinates in a row, this City Lord would probably come looking for him in the future ….
Luo Zheng was still standing outside the city. His eyes were focused on the golden pill in his hand!
This golden pill was most likely an ultimate treasure. The power it could unleash was actually so terrifying. Fortunately, this golden pill was a one-time consumable item! But even so, if he released this golden pill when facing an enemy, he would be able to obtain a miraculous effect under unexpected circumstances!
But this golden pill could only be activated after being crushed. Could it be that this golden pill could only be used to commit suicide?
Just as he was looking at this golden pill, Luo Zheng suddenly felt that this golden pill was boiling hot. A great power was about to burst out from it. Almost as if it was a conditioned reflex, he threw this golden pill far away!
"Pu!"
After the golden pellet flew for more than ten feet in the air, a dense amount of blood-colored lightning escaped from the golden pellet!
Seeing this scene, Luo Zheng's face turned ugly. If it wasn't for his quick reaction, he would have been involved in it!