This woman was wearing a smoky purple gauze overcoat, with ivory white ribbons fluttering behind her. She looked like a fairy in a painting.
She stepped on a pair of crescent moon embroidered shoes and walked along the edge of the city wall. With every step she took, a flight of stairs made of ice crystals would be constructed under her feet. Her toes would lightly borrow the force of the steps to float forward for a distance, and the ice crystal stairs would shatter with a loud bang. Therefore, every light step she took was accompanied by the crisp and melodious sound of ice crystals shattering …
"Huala … Huala …"
Looking at this woman in purple, Luo Zheng's eyes were calm, but he was very vigilant in his heart. He quietly stretched out his limbs.
Cultivation was a standard to measure a warrior's strength, but in the Upper World, this standard was very broad.
For example, a powerful Divine Sea Realm warrior might be much stronger than a Divine Extreme Realm warrior with average talent!
Before this, Luo Zheng had easily killed a Divine Extreme Realm warrior. Moreover, Luo Zheng was not the only one who could do this. Many of the core warriors in the universe, as well as the geniuses of various races, could do the same.
When Luo Zheng felt this woman's sharp coldness, he also realized that this person's strength was extraordinary. She might be the strongest warrior he had encountered since entering the Illusory Battlefield.
"The City Lord is here …"
"Is this woman the City Lord of this main city? She has such a temperament! "
"Hehe, what's so strange about a member of the Ji Family having such a temperament?"
"…"
Many warriors on the city wall saw this woman's appearance, and their eyes shone brightly. It was an expression that would only appear when they saw a perfect object and their hearts throbbed!
The woman in front of them was indeed very perfect!
In Luo Zheng's eyes, it was the same. In terms of appearance and temperament, perhaps only Xun could compete with her!
However, her temperament was completely different from Xun's.
Xun gave people a sense of supreme nobility. No matter where she stood, she was like a goddess descending to the mortal world. Her every movement revealed decisiveness and killing intent. Under that cold appearance, there was a fiery heart hidden, like a frozen volcano.
But this woman in front of them gave people a sense of tranquility and peace.
Just like the rustling snowflakes, this kind of sharp aura not only did not make people resist, but also made people calm.
However, Luo Zheng felt that under this calmness, there was a faint murderous intent hidden. This murderous intent was very arrogant, as if it had control over the lives of all living beings, and this "living beings" naturally included Luo Zheng.
The woman in purple was getting closer and closer to Luo Zheng, and the coldness that made people calm became more and more serious. The snowflakes falling around her became bigger and bigger.
Inside the city, the Illusory Battlefield........ com.............................
The temperature in the Illusory Battlefield wasn't low. To mortals, it could be considered extremely hot. However, the snowflakes didn't seem to melt. They piled up at a speed visible to the naked eye, and soon, a thin layer of snow covered the ground.
........ Through the falling snow, the woman in purple's gaze fell on Luo Zheng. Like her temperament, this woman's gaze was exceptionally pure and clear.
"Who is Jia Fan?" Luo Zheng smiled. He looked up at the woman and said, "You mean that blue-clothed Illusory Battlefield cultivator?"
The woman in purple nodded, "Yes."
"You can say that." Luo Zheng did not deny it. He pointed at the place where the golden ball had exploded and said, "But he should have committed suicide. At least I didn't obtain any fantasy points."
The blue-clothed Illusory Battlefield cultivator committed suicide, but his fantasy points were absorbed by someone else. Luo Zheng could not understand. This did not conform to the rules of the Illusory Battlefield!
"Those fantasy points were naturally absorbed by me. They should have been my fantasy points," the woman in purple said indifferently.
"How did you do it?" Luo Zheng was the most curious about this matter.
The woman in purple did not answer Luo Zheng's question. Instead, she continued to stare at Luo Zheng with her pure gaze, "You also killed Niu Jin."
Hearing this, Luo Zheng was speechless. This was something that could be asked in one sentence, but this woman had to ask two separate questions. Luo Zheng grinned and said, "Yes, I did kill him! You are the 'City Lord'! Are these two your subordinates? "
Luo Zheng's words carried a clear provocation. Although he valued this opponent, he was not afraid to fight.
The woman in purple did not answer Luo Zheng's question. She did not seem to care about what Luo Zheng said. Instead, she was completely immersed in her own thoughts, "You took half of Niu Jin's fantasy points. I have to kill you three times to earn them back. After three times, I can let you leave the main city … …"
Hearing these strange words again, Luo Zheng understood that it was impossible to communicate with this woman.
However, this didn't affect Luo Zheng's goal!
Now, it seemed that this woman was indeed the City Lord. Killing the City Lord and taking her fantasy points was Luo Zheng's only goal!
"Whoosh!"
The Thunder Wind Ghost Divine Sword was suddenly unsheathed, and the blue sword body was suffused with a faint sword light. Luo Zheng restrained his emotions, and the long sword in his hand was already placed horizontally in front of his chest, "If you can defeat this Luo, not to mention three times, even thirty times is possible."
The woman in purple indifferently glanced at Luo Zheng's sword. Although she did not know the origin of the Thundergale Ghost Sword, she knew that this sword was not ordinary. Her clear eyes revealed a trace of surprise.
"Your … surname is Luo? What is your name? "The woman in purple suddenly asked.
"Luo Tianxing," Luo Zheng reported his name.
After hearing Luo Zheng's name, the woman in purple revealed a trace of disappointment.
There were hundreds of millions of cultivators in the Illusory Battlefield. If there weren't tens of millions of cultivators with the surname Luo, there were at least millions. The possibility of encountering that guy by chance was too small …
Following which, she lightly exhaled a breath of cold air. Thinking about how that guy had dug a few holes, a trace of fire appeared in her cold heart. If that guy entered the Illusory Battlefield, he definitely wouldn't be a nobody. She should be able to find him! As for this Luo guy in front of her, since he had disobeyed the rules she had set, she naturally had to kill him!
"I … am not called 'City Lord'," the woman in purple said. Her slender fingers that were whiter than snow opened slightly. Following which, a rippling light wrapped around her fingers.
After the light dissipated, five rings appeared on her fingers!
These five rings were old in style and didn't have any decorative patterns on them. However, they were extremely incompatible with Ji Luoxue's temperament!
Between these five rings, there was a thin chain necklace. She suddenly stretched out her five slender fingers, and the thin chain began to sway unceasingly ….
At this time, Ji Luoxue continued, "My name is Ji Luoxue. Remember my name, and then … go die …"
Just as she finished speaking, the slowly falling snow suddenly sped up by more than ten times!
If it was said that a snowstorm had quietly descended on a winter night, then now it was a blizzard in the middle of winter!
"Whoosh whoosh whoosh …"
Not only did the snowflakes become bigger, but the wind also became fiercer!
Amidst this frenzied blizzard, Ji Luoxue's figure suddenly floated towards Luo Zheng!
"Whoosh!"
This woman was as quiet as a virgin, but once she moved, she had the power of rushing thunder and was not inferior to a man in the slightest.
Her figure suddenly enlarged in Luo Zheng's eyes. In the blink of an eye, the distance between Luo Zheng and her was less than ten feet!
Within ten feet, Luo Zheng's longsword suddenly struck out!
"Serene Divine Shadow!"
"Whoosh …"
"Crackle!"
As Luo Zheng poured chaotic energy into the Thunderstorm Serene Divine Sword, a winding lightning bolt had already charged towards the woman!
After this lightning bolt, there was a sharp wind blade!
After the wind blade, there was a dense swarm of Serene Divine Shadows. Each Serene Divine Shadow used a different fist technique and attacked Ji Luoxue!
On the city wall, all the warriors stared intently at the scene before them!
Many of the warriors in the main city had seen Ji Luoxue's strength. They did not dare to cross the city wall even half an inch because they knew that only the rules of the main city could protect them!
"Why do I feel that it's a little unfair? The City Lord suddenly became kind and only killed this kid three times before letting him go?"
"The City Lord's personality has always been very strange and temperamental. I heard that it has something to do with the books she reads. She seems to be easily affected by the stories in the books!"
"Sometimes gentle, sometimes cruel … I think that this kind of personality is very charming, haha!"
"Charming? Heh, she's a prodigy of the Ji Family. Are you worthy of her? "
The battle had just begun, and many warriors took advantage of this gap to whisper among themselves.
＝＝＝＝＝