Luo Zheng's first round of attacks was merely a test.
Although it was only a test, it wasn't something that could be casually received.
Under the full power of the Dark Lightning Wind Divine Sword, both the lightning and wind blades were extremely sharp. Under the control of Luo Zheng's mind, the Dark Divine Shadows all had different moves. Every punch and kick was meticulously planned, so it wasn't that easy to break through them.
Facing these three attacks, Ji Luoxue's originally clear eyes were tainted with a trace of turbidity!
At this moment, her right hand formed the shape of an orchid, and her slender little finger was the most prominent. The ring on her little finger also emitted a faint yellow light at this moment!
"Earth Protection," Ji Luoxue's indifferent voice was heard.
The faint yellow light gradually condensed into a giant that was several hundred feet tall and enveloped Ji Luoxue within it.
A heavy aura was transmitted along with the faint yellow light.
"Rumble …"
The foremost bolt of lightning heavily struck the light and only left a faint burn mark on it, which instantly disappeared without a trace.
As for the wind blade, it only cut a distance of an inch …
As for the Dark Divine Shadows, although their fist techniques were exquisite and their coordination was flawless, they were unable to break through this powerful defense. As for Ji Luoxue, who was within it, it was even more difficult to harm her!
"What a powerful defense." Luo Zheng raised his eyebrows. Although he knew that the five rings on Ji Luoxue's hand were extraordinary, the power of these rings still exceeded Luo Zheng's imagination. She had only activated one ring just now …
After blocking Luo Zheng's attack, Ji Luoxue raised her palm towards Luo Zheng. The corners of her mouth lifted slightly, and the palm that had just been raised came crashing down from the sky!
As this palm came crashing down from the distance, the faint yellow giant that enveloped Ji Luoxue also slammed its enormous palm down!
"Rumble!"
An earth-shattering sound rang out! At the same time, it was accompanied by a violent vibration!
If one were to look down from an extremely high vantage point, they would see a huge palm print on the empty ground beside the main city. Around the palm print, countless cracks had appeared and were rapidly expanding! The surrounding ground continued to tremble …
As the huge palm descended, Luo Zheng flew backwards, barely dodging the palm!
Looking at the palm print on the ground, Luo Zheng's eyes became more and more serious, but his fighting spirit was also boiling!
After ascending to the Upper Bound, Luo Zheng's most important goal was to find Luo Yan!
However, Luo Zheng had never forgotten to pursue his own martial arts and surpass his own limits!
However, since stepping into the Upper Realm, other than facing the pursuit of those Celestial Masters, he had never had the opportunity to spar with the powerhouses of the same level in the Upper Realm.
But in this Illusory Battlefield, his long-cherished wish could be fulfilled. He would face the super geniuses of the entire universe, the proud sons of heaven of the various races …
"This slap is too exaggerated!"
"Hmph, do you think anyone can be called a proud son of heaven? There are only a few proud sons of heaven in a large faction. Such people will definitely be the best of the best when they become Sector Lords in the future. If they are conferred the title of Celestial Master, they will be the strongest among the powerful Celestial Masters. Moreover, in this Great Era, the various races have poured countless efforts into the proud sons of heaven of their own race. They have placed high hopes on a large family or a large race … "
"This also widens the gap between the Divine Sea Realm warriors. Divine Sea Realm warriors like us will probably never be able to stand out in our entire lives."
Hundreds of thousands of warriors had already gathered on the city wall. Many of them were attracted by the huge sound just now.
Although Ji Luoxue's palm strike had caused the ground several hundred kilometers away to tremble and the cracks to extend to several hundred kilometers away, the city to the side did not tremble at all. Only the sound of the strike managed to reach the city.
Ji Luoxue's eyes blinked slightly when his slap did not hit its target. He raised his hand again and slapped the air with a backhand.
The first palm came down from the top, directly covering the ground.
The second slap was like a slap to the thin man's face. It swept across with the flat of the palm.
Her slap was not fast, but the giant was countless times bigger than her. The speed of the slap was the same as her speed.
The speed was the same, but the difference between her and the giant was countless times bigger. The absolute speed of the giant's slap was naturally countless times faster!
Half of the giant's hand was buried in the ground. When the slap came across, it lifted the soil and grass on the ground and slapped towards Luo Zheng!
If this slap landed properly, Luo Zheng would be directly slapped onto the city wall. Under the pressure of the palm and the city wall, Luo Zheng would be directly smashed into pieces!
Luo Zheng naturally would not let this happen. With a kick of his legs, he rolled and easily avoided the palm that was like a city wall.
"Hmph …"
Seeing Luo Zheng's action, Ji Luoxue only snorted lightly. His other hand slapped down from the air again!
In front of the giant, Luo Zheng was like a fly. Just as he rose into the air, he was caught off guard and was slapped to the ground by the other hand.
"Your strength … is weaker than I thought. You only used the power of the earth element …"
As soon as she finished speaking, she retracted her left hand and dug fiercely downwards!
The giant's left hand dug up the soil within a radius of ten feet. Luo Zheng, who had just been slapped into the soil, naturally fell into the giant's hand.
At the same time, Ji Luoxue's right hand clapped towards her left hand. Her hands were lightly clapping, as if she was applauding for someone. If one listened carefully, one could even hear her soft clapping!
The reason why one had to listen carefully was because the giant's hands were constantly clapping together, erupting with deafening booms!
Luo Zheng was being slapped up and down by this pair of giant hands!
Every time she slapped, the warriors on the city wall could not help but feel their eyelids twitch!
"What terrifying power. That kid … has probably been smashed into meat paste?"
"This slap is probably more or less enough. This Ji Luoxue is really too terrifying!"
"Why don't I see any dreamy light spots exploding? That kid should be deader than dead. Logically speaking, he should have returned to the city to revive, right?"
The crowd was also somewhat puzzled. Why didn't the dreamy light spots of that kid appear after these few slaps? Could it be that this guy was still alive?
"Clap clap clap …"
"Rumble, rumble, rumble …"
Ji Luoxue lightly slapped the pair of clean, white, jade-like hands, while the giant slapped its own enormous hands.
Ji Luoxue's clear eyes looked through the pale yellow light and sized up the situation in the palms.
As she continued to slap, the soil on the giant palms formed by the pale yellow light gradually scattered, revealing Luo Zheng's figure …
The soil and gravel in the giant palms could help reduce some of the power of Luo Zheng. However, after the soil and gravel scattered, the giant palms actually covered them!
"Clap clap clap …"
However, as Ji Luoxue slapped the palms again and again, the surprise in her clear eyes became more and more intense!
Although Luo Zheng was being slapped up and down by the giant palms, Ji Luoxue clearly saw that Luo Zheng's aura did not weaken in the slightest. She also did not see any injuries on Luo Zheng's body!
This guy … No wonder he could easily kill Niu Jin. His body was actually so strong?
Her beautiful eyebrows slightly furrowed.
Then, she gently raised the fingers of her left hand and bound Luo Zheng to her left hand. Then, she raised her right hand and stretched out her index finger, fiercely pointing it at her palm!
After she did this, Luo Zheng lay in the giant palms. Above his head, the finger of the giant palms contained a terrifying power and pressed down on him.
The power of this finger was extremely concentrated. It was clearly much more terrifying than the two palms slapping just now!
However, at this moment, Luo Zheng smiled slightly. He suddenly raised his fist towards the sky!
Luo Zheng's fist was countless times smaller than the giant's finger. The tip of the giant's finger was several times thicker than Luo Zheng's body …
This scene was extremely shocking!
In front of the giant, Luo Zheng was just a tiny ant. An ant that could be easily crushed with the tip of a finger!