"This kid's vitality is really tenacious! After being slapped so many times, an ordinary warrior would have been smashed into meat paste! "
"Maybe he has some protective treasure, but no matter what treasure it is, he shouldn't be able to block this finger!"
"I remember that this is the first time Ji Luoxue used her Five Element Finger Chain … This Five Element Finger Chain is the supreme artifact ranked 230th on the Universal Myriad Spirit Tablet! It's the Ji Family's most precious treasure! "
"This kid still wants to resist … really …"
The warriors on the city wall feasted their eyes at this moment!
The supreme artifacts in the universe were usually controlled by the Realm Lords and Heavenly Venerables …
There were only slightly more than 3,000 supreme artifacts in the entire universe! How could they have the chance to see them normally?
Although many warriors hadn't seen them before, some warriors who were good at studying had more or less heard of them. Some warriors were very clear about the origin of the Five Element Finger Chain.
"This Five Element Finger Chain was made from a five-colored divine stone in the sun. It contains the power of five types of origin laws and contains a unique profundity …"
Just as someone was explaining the origin of the Five Element Finger Chain, the huge finger had already landed with a loud bang!
"Boom!"
Luo Zheng's fist collided with the huge finger.
In everyone's imagination, Luo Zheng's body would probably be destroyed by this finger because the two were completely disproportionate!
However, under everyone's watchful eyes, the huge finger didn't land on him!
His body was still standing on the palm, and his fist was still raised high!
After the violent sound dissipated, Luo Zheng still didn't move. His gaze was still indifferent, and there was still a faint smile on his face.
However, the huge index finger formed by the law of earth suddenly exploded, turning into fragments of the law of earth that sputtered in all directions.
The huge finger was actually broken by Luo Zheng's fist!
"This … this guy!"
The hundreds of thousands of martial artists watching from above the city walls were all shocked by this scene, unable to utter a single word!
At the same time, a crack appeared on Ji Luoxue's index finger, and a stream of red blood spurted out from the crack.
"So painful …"
The ten fingers connected, and the pain from the fingers was unbearable.
This pain was a piece of cake for most warriors. Even warriors who had just started refining their bodies wouldn't blink if their fingers were broken.
However, Ji Luoxue was born to be afraid of pain, and it had been so since she was young.
Even a small wound on her finger made her cry out in pain. She put her finger in her mouth and instantly sucked the blood clean …
Thus, the light yellow giant that enveloped her also put its hand to its mouth, looking very comical.
At this moment, Luo Zheng broke free from the giant's left hand. His agile figure was like a monkey climbing up a mountain. He began to dash towards Ji Luoxue!
"You …"
Ji Luoxue's brows knit together tightly because Luo Zheng's strength was much more formidable than she'd imagined!
However, she still didn't take it to heart. Facing Luo Zheng, Ji Luoxue wasn't too serious. As she sucked on her finger, she stretched out her other hand and continuously slapped at Luo Zheng.
The huge hand started to block Luo Zheng's advance. With each slap, a huge palm print would appear on the ground, and Luo Zheng's body would constantly tumble within it. He was like a small boat in a huge wave. Occasionally, he would be hit by the wave and disappear, but in an instant, he would emerge from between the fingers …
"Boom … boom …"
With each slap, Luo Zheng moved in and out of the palm, and he was getting closer and closer to Ji Luoxue!
"Whoosh!"
When he was about thirty to forty feet away, Luo Zheng stepped through space and rushed to the foot of the giant!
If he wanted to kill Ji Luoxue, he had to break through the giant's defense …
However, just as Luo Zheng emerged from the spatial crack, Ji Luoxue gently raised her three-inch golden lotus and actually kicked it lightly at Luo Zheng!
Thus, the giant's foot ferociously kicked at Luo Zheng's face!
"Bang!"
Luo Zheng didn't expect this move. Unable to dodge in time, he was directly kicked. His entire body was like a rubber ball as he was sent flying by the giant foot!
Ji Luoxue was still sucking on her finger. After seeing Luo Zheng being sent flying by her kick, she pulled out her finger and carefully examined it. She was very concerned about the injury on her finger.
With this kick, Luo Zheng flew more than ten miles away.
However, before he could smash into the ground, Luo Zheng had already stabilized his body. He floated in the air and looked at the huge yellow giant in the distance with a bitter smile.
"It's actually so troublesome just by using the law of earth …" Luo Zheng seemed somewhat helpless.
As soon as this thought appeared, Luo Zheng crushed it in his heart. This bit of difficulty wasn't enough to make Luo Zheng retreat.
"Whoosh —"
His figure once again turned into a long rainbow and shot over!
Seeing Luo Zheng rapidly approaching her, Ji Luoxue finally decided to be serious. She faintly felt a trace of danger in her heart. This kid's strength was indeed worthy of her taking seriously.
At this moment, Ji Luoxue didn't think that she would lose. Although she felt a trace of danger, this sense of danger only made her treat it seriously …
"Let's try again …"
Seeing Luo Zheng rapidly approaching, Ji Luoxue stretched out her hand and lightly plucked at Luo Zheng. She was about to pluck Luo Zheng out of the air!
However, at this moment, Luo Zheng suddenly waved his hands. A palm-sized seven-colored mountain appeared in front of Luo Zheng and spun non-stop!
"Divine Origin Magnetic Mountain, go!"
"Huff … Huff …"
The Divine Origin Magnetic Mountain had been refined by Luo Zheng using a secret technique. Now that it had been summoned by Luo Zheng, it swiftly expanded as it spun, and it transformed into an enormous mountain that pressed down towards the earthen yellow giant!
"This mountain …."
Ji Luoxue was slightly stunned as she gazed at the Divine Origin Magnetic Mountain.
While she was stunned, the enormous Divine Origin Magnetic Mountain had already pressed down towards her!
"Bang!"
Ji Luoxue raised her hand with the intention of directly smashing the seven-colored mountain into pieces.
As she swung her fist, the giant clenched his fist at the same time and smashed it forcefully towards the Divine Origin Magnetic Mountain!
The energy of the five elements contained within the Divine Origin Magnetic Mountain was extremely mixed. Because of this, it was very difficult for the enormous Divine Origin Magnetic Mountain to react with the energy of other laws. Its body was extremely tough, and ordinary forces were utterly unable to destroy it, let alone the brute force of the giant.
So, merely a rumbling sound resounded, and the Divine Origin Magnetic Mountain trembled in midair before continuing to press down towards the giant!
The hardness of the Divine Origin Magnetic Mountain far surpassed an ordinary mountain, so its weight was naturally countless times heavier than an ordinary mountain!
So, the pressure it exerted upon the giant's shoulder was obvious!
Even Ji Luoxue who was within the giant's body was able to sense the terrifying pressure, and she was actually unable to move at all under the pressure.
Crack! Crack! Crack!
Cracks started to appear on the giant's shoulder, and it probably wouldn't be able to hold on for long before it collapsed on its own.
After the Divine Origin Magnetic Mountain pressed down towards the giant, Luo Zheng had a faint smile on his face, and he seized the opportunity to shoot towards Ji Luoxue.
If this move was effective, then he would be able to annihilate her right now. I wonder how many Fantasy Points are hidden within her body ….
However, Luo Zheng hadn't been able to approach her when Ji Luoxue's gaze flashed slightly, and then she flicked the little finger on her right hand lightly. All the Earth Laws dispersed, and the giant formed from the Earth Laws had naturally vanished at this moment as well!
The Divine Origin Magnetic Mountain that had lost its support directly pressed down towards the ground!
If Ji Luoxue hadn't been able to dodge in time, then she would have probably been crushed beneath the mountain ….
At the instant Ji Luoxue removed the Laws of Earth, she gently pressed her right thumb, and a faint golden gust of wind swept out from the ring on her thumb. With a gentle gust of wind, Ji Luoxue vanished from where she stood.
At this moment, the Divine Origin Magnetic Mountain pressed down heavily, and it only stopped after sinking a few hundred meters into the ground.
Whoosh! Whoosh!
The light golden wind swept Ji Luoxue away, but it swept her lightly once more, and then her figure appeared at the peak of the Divine Origin Magnetic Mountain.
The aftershock of their battle caused turbulence to sweep up, and it caused the wind in the surroundings to blow madly ….
The ivory-white streamers behind her were fluttering wildly in the wind, making loud noises.