The sudden appearance of the Divine Origin Magnetic Mountain pressing down was indeed beyond Ji Luoxue's expectations!
She wasn't the only one. All the spectating cultivators on the city wall gasped when they saw this shocking scene!
"Where did this kid move the mountain from!"
"It almost crushed Ji Luoxue … This mountain crushed the earth elemental power!"
"I can carry an ordinary mountain, but this mountain's weight isn't ordinary!"
"Look at the multicolored light on this mountain and the five elements aura. It seems to be the legendary Divine Origin Magnetic Mountain!"
Many cultivators didn't expect that Luo Zheng would use such a barbaric method to break Ji Luoxue's earth element power …
Ji Luoxue floated in the air and looked down at the Divine Origin Magnetic Mountain. Ripples seemed to appear in her clear eyes as they flickered incessantly!
"This is the Divine Origin Magnetic Mountain. You actually refined it alone!"
Luo Zheng's expression was indifferent when he heard Ji Luoxue's words. Although he had refined this Divine Origin Magnetic Mountain for a long time, he rarely used it against enemies. He didn't know why Ji Luoxue was so surprised.
"So what if I refined the Divine Origin Magnetic Mountain?" Luo Zheng said indifferently.
The method to refine the Divine Essencefused Mountain was something Luo Zheng had found from the Ten Thousand Wonders.
The Divine Origin Magnetic Mountain's five elements were heterogeneous. No matter which law was used, it couldn't be refined …
Some cultivators in the Upper Realm had refined large mountains before. They could refine ordinary mountains and use the earth element law to collect them. Ordinary mountains couldn't be considered sturdy and were even more of a joke when used against enemies. How difficult would it be for a Divine Ocean cultivator to split open a mountain? Only a sturdy mountain like the Divine Origin Magnetic Mountain could be used against enemies. However, since ancient times, how many people had been able to refine the Divine Origin Magnetic Mountain?
However, the blood refining technique in the Thousand Wonders had a miraculous effect on the Divine Origin Magnetic Mountain.
Luo Zheng was able to find the blood refining technique in the library because he owned this immortal abode. However, he didn't know that this technique wasn't circulated in the Upper Realm.
Ji Luoxue possessed the Five Elements Bracelet. She cultivated the cultivation method of the Five Elements, so she was extremely familiar with the Divine Essencefused Mountain. This mountain was able to evenly mix the Laws of the Five Elements together. It was also a wondrous object in the universe.
Cultivation of the five elements was to completely fuse the five types of Source Laws and transform them into Dao Arts of the five elements. This was a method to enter the Divine Dao, the Five Elements Divine Dao!
................... There were countless cultivators in the Soul Transformation stage.................. realm..
The lifespan of the trillions of creatures in the world would eventually come to an end. Even for a Celestial Venerable powerhouse, after receiving the Mandate of Heaven, their lifespan would be around 300 million years, which was less than one-tenth of an era. Even if a Celestial Venerable used all kinds of methods to avoid the descent of the Five Decay of Celestial Beings, they would still fall in the end.
It could be said that in this universe, the greatest enemy of all living beings was not a certain opponent, but themselves and time!
. There would be a day when the end of one's life would come.
Someone once said that the Five Elements Cultivation Technique was the name of a sword. This sword always floated above everyone's head. When the time was right, this sword would take the lives of many experts. No one could avoid the power of this sword. This sword was forged by the Heavenly Dao. It stood at the highest point among the many karmic laws in the universe. It was a supreme law that couldn't be violated!
But if one could surpass the Heavenly Dao and enter the Divine Dao, they could escape the fate of the Five Elements Cultivation Technique. They could escape the sword of death hanging above their heads and obtain eternal life!
The Ji Family had Ji Luoxue cultivate the Five Elements Cultivation Technique for the same reason. They hoped that she would continue on the Five Elements Divine Dao and eventually become an existence that could surpass the Heavenly Dao and become a True God.
Ji Luoxue cultivated the Five Elements Cultivation Technique to enter the Divine Dao. If she went through the Soul Transformation stage and became a Realm Lord, she might be able to refine the Divine Origin Magnetic Mountain. After refining it, she would be able to extract the magnetic force within and continue refining her Five Elements Cultivation Technique.
In fact, the Ji Family had already reserved a Divine Origin Magnetic Mountain for Ji Luoxue.
This Divine Origin Magnetic Mountain was very rare in the Upper Realm. The Ji Family had paid a great price to obtain this Divine Origin Magnetic Mountain. However, she was a genius of the Ji Family. This price was nothing!
The Divine Essencefused Mountain was slightly smaller than the Divine Essencefused Mountain that Luo Zheng had summoned. Ji Luoxue had been cultivating within the Divine Essencefused Mountain before he entered the Illusory Battlefield!
With Ji Luoxue's current strength, she could shatter a small piece of the Divine Origin Magnetic Mountain with a single palm strike. It was almost impossible for other Divine Sea Realm warriors to do so. Even Luo Zheng found it difficult to shatter a piece of the Divine Origin Magnetic Mountain!
This was because Ji Luoxue could split a portion of the magnetic force within the Divine Origin Magnetic Mountain and classify the Five Elements Cultivation Technique. However, she was far from qualified to refine the Divine Origin Magnetic Mountain!
Luo Zheng had never cultivated the Five Elements Cultivation Technique.
Yet, he had refined the Divine Origin Magnetic Mountain.
How could Ji Luoxue not be shocked?
The size of the Divine Essencefused Mountain could change at will, and Luo Zheng could control it with ease. He had completely refined the Divine Essencefused Mountain!
Perhaps even the Ji Family's ancestor, who was half a step into the Five Elements Divine Dao, was unable to refine the Divine Origin Magnetic Mountain to such an extent.
However, Ji Luoxue could also see that although Luo Zheng had refined the Divine Origin Magnetic Mountain, he didn't seem to know how to control the magnetic force within the mountain. He had summoned the mountain only to smash her … Ji Luoxue didn't know what to say about Luo Zheng's actions!
Luo Zheng couldn't be blamed for this.
Back then, Luo Zheng had found a book called "Ten Thousand Wonders of Nature" in the library. It wasn't a cultivation method, but it explained the method of blood refining in detail. However, it didn't tell Luo Zheng how to use the Divine Essencefused Mountain. Thus, up until now, Luo Zheng had only used the mountain to smash people!
This method of "smashing" might be clumsy, but its actual might couldn't be underestimated. Even if Ji Luoxue was smashed at the foot of the mountain, she probably wouldn't be able to survive.
"You … What method did you use to refine the Divine Origin Magnetic Mountain?"
Ji Luoxue's heart started to beat violently when she heard Luo Zheng's words!
Even though she was indifferent by nature, she couldn't suppress her excitement at this moment!
As a genius of the Ji Family, she had too many responsibilities on her shoulders. If she could refine the Divine Origin Magnetic Mountain, it would be immeasurably beneficial to her cultivation of the five elements!
Luo Zheng smiled faintly and said, "Why should I tell you?"
Ji Luoxue frowned slightly at Luo Zheng's words. "If you're willing to teach me this refining method, I can let you go!"
"Let me go?" The smile on Luo Zheng's face widened. "Are you sure you're a match for me?"
Ji Luoxue's heart was slightly stirred by Luo Zheng's burning gaze. This guy … has the confidence to defeat me?
Even though the Divine Origin Magnetic Mountain destroyed my earth element power, Ji Luoxue didn't care.
This young man's strength was not bad, but it was absolutely impossible for him to defeat me! Therefore, Ji Luoxue was curious. Where did this guy get his confidence from?
However, Ji Luoxue didn't argue with Luo Zheng on this issue. "You can state other conditions. My Ji Family will do our best to satisfy you! I'm not talking about the Illusory Battlefield, but the outside world! "
Gods Without Intentions was one of the three major human factions, and the Ji Family was the third. Not to mention a Divine Ocean Realm martial artist, the Ji Family was a colossus even compared to many races in the Upper Realm!
In Ji Luoxue's opinion, the Ji Family could easily satisfy any request of the young man surnamed Luo.
"Conditions …" Luo Zheng stared at Ji Luoxue with a smile. "I don't think we should set these conditions. At least it's better for us to compete!"
As he spoke, the Thunder and Wind Divine Sword was placed horizontally in front of Luo Zheng's chest again. The smile on his face disappeared and was replaced by an extremely serious expression.
He didn't care about the Ji Family.
Luo Zheng could also teach her the blood refinement technique.
[Ten Thousand Wonders of Nature] was his master's handwritten notes. It recorded all sorts of strange things and also mentioned the blood refinement method. It wasn't anything important.
However, Luo Zheng didn't like this girl's high and mighty attitude!
His goal in staying in this main city was to take away Ji Luoxue's fantasy points. In the end, she said that she would spare his life for the blood refinement technique. How could Luo Zheng agree?
When she saw Luo Zheng's actions, the trace of turbidity in Ji Luoxue's clear eyes ceaselessly revolved, and she muttered in a low voice, "Looks like only by letting you understand the gap between us can you learn to accept your fate …"
＝＝＝＝＝