Ji Luoxue raised her wrist again. She waved her hand lightly in the air, and the thin chains hung down from the gaps between her fingers.
"Metal Element Power!"
The ring on her ring finger emitted a faint golden light that condensed into a golden sword!
However, the golden sword didn't have a fixed shape. The diamond-shaped golden light was bound in Ji Luoxue's hand. The golden light was like a snake, constantly swallowing and spitting!
Ji Luoxue made a decision in an instant!
She could tell that Luo Zheng wasn't someone who would admit defeat easily. Only by defeating him could she make him realize the difference between them and reality.
Once she made this decision, Ji Luoxue didn't hesitate anymore. She would kill him once. If she angered him, she would just compensate him with 500,000 fantasy points!
Whoosh!
A golden wind swept out. Ji Luoxue's figure entered the golden wind and instantly disappeared before everyone's eyes.
Luo Zheng's gaze swept over the area. His eyes narrowed slightly, and he flew backward!
Whoosh whoosh whoosh whoosh whoosh …
The moment Luo Zheng flew backward, golden swords fell from the sky like a golden rainstorm.
Every time the golden sword fell, it would leave a bottomless hole in the ground. In the blink of an eye, the open space was filled with small holes, and it looked like a mess!
The golden sword rain covered a huge area. No matter how fast Luo Zheng retreated, he couldn't rush out of the sword rain in time …
However, the number of golden swords was too great. Even if Luo Zheng managed to dodge them in time, he was unable to dodge all of the golden swords!
Pfft!
As Luo Zheng dodged, a golden sword stabbed into Luo Zheng's collarbone!
If it were any other cultivator, this golden sword would be enough to completely penetrate their body and sink into the ground.
However, when this sword stabbed into Luo Zheng's body, it only cut through his skin. The tip of the golden sword was embedded in his shoulder blade!
The onlookers on the city wall sighed at Luo Zheng's tyrannical body, but Luo Zheng was slightly surprised. He was surprised that the penetrative power of the golden sword was so strong.
The golden sword had only been summoned by Ji Luoxue through one of the rings in the Five Elements Bracelet. It could be considered as a profundity of the Laws of Metal. Putting aside how powerful the golden sword in Ji Luoxue's hand was, how could the rain of golden swords that filled the sky be able to break through his God Artifact?
"Sou!"
Ji Luoxue's figure floated in the distance. Her clear and cold eyes stared at the rapidly flickering Luo Zheng as she calmly said, "If you can't hold on any longer, you can fly back to the main city. I can discuss … conditions with you!"
For ordinary martial artists, cooperating with the Ji Family was an excellent opportunity. It could indeed be considered a blessing. However, how could Luo Zheng's goal be limited to this?
"Ji Luoxue already said to let that brat raise the conditions himself, but he actually refused!"
"I've never seen such a stupid person! That's the Ji Family, a large family clan that can influence the entire Deities Without Intent. If he were to be guided by the Ji Family's Heavenly Venerables, he would be able to avoid many detours in his life! "
"There are some people in this world who just can't think straight. I don't understand what this fellow is thinking. Anyway, he is no match for Ji Luoxue. Why struggle so bitterly?"
Many martial artists couldn't help but shake their heads when they saw Luo Zheng's slightly wretched appearance.
In their opinion, Luo Zheng didn't know how to appreciate favors.
Some people even suspected that Luo Zheng had displayed his strength in order to obtain more from the Ji Family. This brat would ultimately be subdued by Ji Luoxue!
"Pfft!"
Another golden sword fell and pierced through Luo Zheng's thigh, leaving a bloody hole on the side of his thigh bone!
Fresh blood flowed down his right shoulder and left leg, making Luo Zheng look somewhat wretched.
Although he looked wretched, this small injury had almost no effect on Luo Zheng …
He also sighed in his heart. The strength of a genius was indeed extraordinary!
At this moment, Luo Zheng inexplicably thought of Ai Anxin. Although Ai Anxin's strength was not bad six years ago, compared to Luo Zheng, there was still a large gap. However, at that time, Ai Anxin had just entered the Divine Sea Realm like him. Now that six years had passed, he didn't know if Ai Anxin had entered the Illusory Battlefield. She also had the fate of Battle of the Ages. Compared to Ji Luoxue, who was stronger and who was weaker?
"The condition …"
Luo Zheng narrowed his eyes slightly, then grinned at Ji Luoxue above him. His figure suddenly disappeared from where he was as he crossed space and headed straight for her!
However, just as he entered the space, he saw Ji Luoxue stretch out her hand and gently wave it. The space below her twisted in an instant. Luo Zheng's figure had just appeared when he found himself back in the same place.
At Ji Luoxue's level, the Law of Time and the Law of Space were essential. The moment Luo Zheng used the Law of Space to cross space, Ji Luoxue waved her hand and twisted the space he crossed. This way, Luo Zheng naturally appeared in the same place after crossing space.
Luo Zheng's move was not effective against Ji Luoxue!
Not to mention Ji Luoxue, Luo Zheng also suffered a great loss when crossing space when facing Niu Jin, let alone Ji Luoxue.
"Accept your fate. Let's have a good talk," Ji Luoxue said expressionlessly. "Although the strength of your body is comparable to a divine artifact, it can't withstand my Dazzling Golden Rain …"
Luo Zheng turned a deaf ear. If he accepted his fate when facing Ji Luoxue now, then there was no need to continue on the Illusory Battlefield. He could just leave the Illusory Battlefield directly.
"It's hard to get close to this woman …"
Luo Zheng frowned. It was indeed difficult for him to break through the sharp golden sword rain.
When the Law of Space was broken, wisps of white mist appeared on Luo Zheng's body again!
"Eight Twists Smoke!"
This Eight Twists Smoke did not rely on the power of laws to execute, so it was not restrained by Ji Luoxue's Five Elements Finger Chain.
After executing the Eight Twists Smoke, Luo Zheng's voice was as light as a willow catkin. Any energy fluctuation could push his body away.
In the eyes of others, Luo Zheng's movement technique became extremely agile at this moment. He shuttled through the golden sword rain like flowing water, as if the golden sword rain could no longer hit Luo Zheng!
"What movement technique is this?"
Ji Luoxue saw that Luo Zheng was like a loach as he constantly twisted his body within the rain of golden swords, and he seemed to be able to dodge the dense rain of swords with ease! More importantly, Ji Luoxue could not see through this movement technique at all. What was going on?
At this moment, Ji Luoxue finally understood that this person was not as simple as she had imagined. He must be someone with a great background!
However, among the three major factions of the human race, the prodigies of the Ten Thousand Buddha Sacred Region were all monks. She knew all the prodigies of the Gods Without Thought. There was no one named Luo Tianxing among the prodigies of the Human Dao Alliance. Where did he come from?
Because Luo Zheng had activated the Eight Twists Smoke, the battle had temporarily entered a stalemate!
However, even a stalemate was extremely pleasing to watch. Luo Zheng's figure shuttling through the golden sword rain made many cultivators on the city wall gasp in amazement!
There were even some cultivators whose eyes shone brightly. They wanted to find a trace of mystery in Luo Zheng's movement technique and comprehend it …
However, the principle of the Eight Twists Smoke was to go with the flow. There was no mystery or pattern to it at all. It was impossible to see through it just based on Luo Zheng's drifting movement technique.
"This guy …"
At this moment, Ji Luoxue could no longer hold back.
However, she did not believe that she could not do anything to this guy …
At this thought, Ji Luoxue was once again blown away by a golden wind and dissipated on the spot.
"It's coming!"
Luo Zheng had been drifting in the golden sword rain for a long time. He had been waiting for this moment!
As the golden wind flickered, Ji Luoxue suddenly appeared behind Luo Zheng. The golden light in her hand suddenly spat out and extended into a three-meter-long golden sword that pierced toward Luo Zheng!
At this moment, it was as if Luo Zheng had grown a pair of eyes on his back. His body began to flutter in a spiral shape, spiraling upwards along the extended golden sword. In the process of spiraling upwards, he maintained a distance of three inches away from the ten feet long golden sword!
In the blink of an eye, Luo Zheng had already spiraled in front of Ji Luoxue. The Thundergale Dark Divine Sword in his hand flashed with blue light as it slashed toward Ji Luoxue's face!
Since the two of them had started fighting, this was the closest they had ever been to each other!