To measure a martial artist's strength, from a macroscopic perspective, it was aura and might.
But from a microscopic perspective, it was the control of strength and speed. This was called Minute Subtlety.
When a martial artist placed a bird in his hand, just as the bird was about to fly away, he would move his hand slightly downwards. The bird would be unable to use its legs to kick and would fall back into the martial artist's hand. This was a manifestation of a martial artist's Minute Subtlety.
However, this method wasn't very advanced. Initial stage martial artists could grasp it. It was commonly known as the "Stopping Bird Technique." In other words, the bird would stop in one's hand and be unable to fly away …
Some superior martial artists could even place a bird on their head, shoulders, or chest. They could still stop the bird and prevent it from flying away.
Furthermore, not only could they stop the bird, but they could also stop flies and mosquitoes …
Mosquitoes and flies were extremely small. To sense the moment they took off and remove the force supporting them was countless times more difficult than stopping the bird.
However, compared to what Luo Zheng was doing now, this was merely a small trick.
Previously, when she was looking down at Luo Zheng from high up in the sky, she saw that Luo Zheng's movement technique gave off a slippery feeling as he casually shuttled through the golden sword rain. She had already sensed that his movement technique was extremely special.
Now, her sword suddenly pierced towards Luo Zheng. Only now did she discover the mystery behind it. This fellow maintained a distance of three inches from the descending golden sword rain and coiled around her sword. He was also three inches away, not an inch less, not an inch more. Not only had his control of strength reached the pinnacle, his control of speed had also reached the pinnacle …
To be able to control Minute Subtlety to such a degree, she, Ji Luoxue, had practically never heard of anyone!
How did this fellow do it?
Through this strange movement technique of Luo Zheng's, Ji Luoxue finally took Luo Zheng seriously for the first time and viewed him as a worthy opponent!
Whoosh!
Luo Zheng didn't give Ji Luoxue too much time to consider. After he shot backwards, the Thundergale Dark Divine Sword slashed towards Ji Luoxue …
Facing Luo Zheng's sword, Ji Luoxue actually didn't dodge!
All of her attention was focused on Luo Zheng's movement technique. She wanted to know what method Luo Zheng had used to be able to control the distance so precisely!
When the blue sword light arrived, Ji Luoxue suddenly raised his right hand and pinched towards Luo Zheng's sword!
"Whoosh!"
Although the Lightning-Wind Ghost Sword was sharp, Ji Luoxue wore the Five Elements Finger Chain on her right hand. This thin chain connected her five fingers and formed a layer of protection.
Therefore, when she stretched out her hand, she actually used the finger chain in her hand to firmly hold the sword in her hand.
Among those of the same level, Luo Zheng had always been the one to pinch the swords of others. This Ji Luoxue was probably the first to pinch his own sword.
When Ji Luoxue grabbed Luo Zheng's sword, the five rings on her right hand all shone with a strange light. The light was very similar to the color of the Divine Origin Mountain. It was the power formed after the five origin laws fused together.
However, Ji Luoxue's cultivation level was insufficient, so the degree of fusion naturally couldn't compare to the Divine Origin Mountain!
Even so, the Five Elements power was already extremely powerful. In her opinion, Luo Zheng had no chance of escaping now that she had pinched his sword …
However, in the next moment, Ji Luoxue's cold eyes suddenly flashed with astonishment!
She felt the power on the sword increasing explosively! Was this power coming from Luo Zheng? The increase in power was actually so great!
The dragon scales were lighting up one by one …
The tide-like power also rapidly surged into the Lightning-Wind Ghost Sword!
Originally, Ji Luoxue had the absolute upper hand with the help of the Five Elements power in the finger chain. She originally wanted to tell Luo Zheng to stop here. You're already very outstanding to be able to force out my Five Elements power!
After all, Ji Luoxue's Five Elements power was prepared to be left for the other prodigies in the Illusory Battlefield.
However, the power transmitted from the Lightning-Wind Ghost Sword forcefully suppressed the words Ji Luoxue originally wanted to say!
This Lightning-Wind Ghost Sword, which was only four inches wide and four feet long, contained power comparable to the weight of a star …
Under the suppression of this power, Ji Luoxue sank down inch by inch. Luo Zheng gripped his sword tightly and looked down at her indifferently …
Among cultivators of the same level, only Ji Luoxue could look down on others. Now that she was looking up at Luo Zheng, a trace of stubbornness finally surfaced on her originally cold face.
Ji Luoxue's personality seemed to dislike competing with others, but that was because there were too few people who had the strength to compete with her …
She was a prodigy of the Ji Family, and her status was extraordinary. What could others use to compete with her?
Feeling indignant, the sea of vital essence in Ji Luoxue's inner world also started to roar wildly! Huge tsunamis formed by True Essence surged in her Divine Sea like mountains and seas were overturning.
A vortex appeared amidst this churning!
There was a limit to the speed at which vital essence could be extracted!
Therefore, when cultivators used powerful moves that consumed too much vital essence, they needed to prepare for a period of time, or even a relatively long period of time.
However, Ji Luoxue's inner world was somewhat different. Her Divine Ocean was extremely special and could empty out all the vital essence in a short period of time …
This Divine Ocean was called the Sea of Moon Tide. Among the billions of Divine Ocean Realm cultivators, she was the only one who possessed the Sea of Moon Tide!
The vital essence in her inner world turned into a huge vortex that was extracted from Ji Luoxue's body and poured into her Five Element Chain. The five rings all flashed with a resplendent light. She never relaxed her grip on Luo Zheng's sword for a moment!
Since it was a competition of strength, although Ji Luoxue was a woman, she would definitely not lose to a man!
With the support of this majestic power of the Five Elements, Ji Luoxue gradually gained the upper hand. Her figure rose higher and higher, gradually surpassing Luo Zheng.
However, she held the upper hand for less than a breath's time!
Her eyes widened slightly. She felt the power transmitted from the sword increase dramatically again!
What was the limit of this fellow's strength? His strength could actually double …
Previously, Luo Zheng had only used the power of 6,000 dragon scales!
After sensing the majestic power of the Five Elements from Ji Luoxue, Luo Zheng activated the power of 6,000 dragon scales again. In other words, 12,000 dragon scales were lit up. Luo Zheng's strength doubled in an instant!
What Ji Luoxue did not know was that Luo Zheng could even double his strength again …
In the past few years, Luo Zheng had once again refined some Divine Artifacts that he did not need. He had even refined several Divine Artifacts and obtained a considerable amount of Sky Amplification Essence.
Now, Luo Zheng had lit up almost 40,000 dragon scales!
This was also because Luo Zheng did not have enough Sky Amplification Essence. After experimenting, Luo Zheng also discovered that his Divine Artifact Body could easily withstand 40,000 dragon scales.
The only problem was that he did not have enough Sky Amplification Essence.
After entering the Upper Realm, he had almost no time to rest. Naturally, he did not have time to buy Divine Artifacts or Divine Artifacts. It was a pity.
Originally, Luo Zheng wanted to ask Refined Shenzi to refine some weapons so that he could refine them.
However, Refined Shenzi had been immersed in refining weapons all this while while he was wholeheartedly focused on forging the sword embryo … In the past few years, Refined Shenzi had almost never left the weapons workshop!
In the face of Luo Zheng's doubled strength, Ji Luoxue's figure fell again …
This time, Ji Luoxue understood that it was indeed foolish to compete with Luo Zheng in terms of strength. What was even more troublesome was that the vital essence in her body had been completely depleted. As the enormous vortex in her inner world absorbed vital essence, more than 99% of her vital essence sea had been depleted!
"It should be over, right?"
Luo Zheng smiled slightly. A strand of extremely lively sword intent suddenly brewed within the Thunderwind Dark Sword. This strand of sword intent had just taken form when it shot towards Ji Luoxue along the blade of the sword!
If Ji Luoxue was hit by this sword intent, her head would definitely be separated from her body, and she would be resurrected in the main city …
It was not that Luo Zheng did not have protective feelings for the fairer sex, but in order to obtain Fantasy Points, Luo Zheng had no other choice but to kill her!
"Hmph!"
However, Ji Luoxue snorted coldly. Before Luo Zheng's sword intent could shoot out, a golden wind swept over, and her figure disappeared again in front of Luo Zheng.
This speed was something that even Luo Zheng could not catch up to!
After Ji Luoxue steadied herself, she lightly slapped her wrist and took out dozens of Zhen Yuanyu. The moment she took them out, she crushed them. Dense vital essence escaped from the crushed Zhen Yuanyu and turned into white mist that was rapidly absorbed by her, rapidly replenishing the vital essence in her body.