Normally, a Divine Sea Realm warrior only needed three pieces of Zhen Yuanyu to replenish a Divine Sea Realm warrior's Divine Sea!
However, Ji Luoxue was the pride of the Ji Family. When she first opened up this Divine Sea, it was the Ji Family's ancestor who helped her expand her Divine Sea by more than three times!
This was because cultivating the Divine Way of the Five Elements and combining the power of the Five Elements consumed more True Origin than others.
From this point of view, Luo Zheng's Chaotic Divine Sea was suitable for cultivating the Divine Way of the Five Elements. After all, the Chaotic Qi in his body was much more condensed than an ordinary True Origin Sea.
In one breath, Ji Luoxue crushed ten pieces of Zhen Yuanyu!
After absorbing the rich True Essence, an unprecedented rainstorm descended in Ji Luoxue's inner world. The Divine Sea, which was originally on the verge of drying up, was now surging with waves …
As she absorbed the True Origin, Ji Luoxue stared at Luo Zheng in astonishment. There was a hint of uneasiness in her eyes.
How could this guy's strength be so terrifying?
Ji Luoxue had seen people with innate strength before. Niu Jin was one of them!
Niu Jin's father, Niu Liyan, was also born with innate strength. He was a cultivator of the Barbarian World and had the cultivation of a Sector Lord. He was also somewhat famous in Deities Without Thoughts.
The so-called cultivators of the Barbarian World believed in physical strength and used all means to fight for their own strength!
They believed that when their strength reached a terrifying level, they could rely on pure strength to shatter the void, destroy the Heavenly Dao, and cultivate into a Mighty God …
This was the so-called "Barbarian God" …
It was still a question whether there was a Barbarian God in the world. At least in this cycle of evolution, no one had cultivated their strength to such a level.
However, there were so many warriors in the world, and each of them cultivated in a different direction. There was no right or wrong!
Even though this so-called "Divine Way of Strength" had yet to be proven, there was still a group of warriors who believed in strength and walked on this path until death.
Niu Jin was one of Niu Liyan's successors. Naturally, he would choose this path!
In the Divine Sea Realm, Niu Jin's strength was unmatched. In the outside world, Ji Luoxue had never seen a Divine Sea Realm warrior with greater strength than Niu Jin …
No wonder this person could kill Jia Fan and Niu Jin consecutively …
This young man possessed such godly strength. With just his own strength, Jia Fan and Niu Jin were no match for him!
As for the battle between the two of them just now, although the group of outsiders could only watch the show, there were still some martial artists with unique insight among them.
"It should be Ji Luoxue who was at a disadvantage when the two of them competed just now!"
"She used the power of the five elements. What kind of power did that young man use? I didn't sense True Origin in his body … "
"If I'm right," Liyan's father's's, and Vital Spirit's's Qi, and Vital Essence! "
Of the Luo Zheng of Qi of the Qi Luo Luo Sect, Luoxue of Qi's ….
"of course! How can pure physical strength have such an effect? "
"Luo Zheng …."
As for whether or not Luo Zheng had utilized the strength of his physical body, many martial artists had different opinions. However, there was one thing that they were certain of, and that was that Ji Luoxue had indeed suffered a loss in the exchange of strength between the two of them!
This could be seen from the expression on their faces after they parted.
Ji Luoxue's face was still cold and beautiful, but after she steadied herself, she crushed 10 Zhen Yuanyu to replenish her True Origin. She was thinking about all kinds of things. Obviously, she was afraid of Luo Zheng!
Luo Zheng, on the other hand ….
He didn't move at all!
Luo Zheng was still standing on the spot with a faintly discernible smile on his face. He seemed to be at ease.
The warriors on the city wall couldn't figure it out. They didn't see this guy use any magic, so how could he force Ji Luoxue to retreat?
Earlier, when Luo Zheng utilized the Divine Origin Magnetic Mountain, he'd asked Ji Luoxue to transform into a golden wind and retreat. Now, it was already the second time!
Could it be that this fellow's strength is above Ji Luoxue?
There weren't many people in the younger generation who could be called Heaven's Chosen. First of all, a Heaven's Chosen had to have the fate of a Battle of the Worlds. Only with this fate could they bear the greatest burden when facing the Heavenly Tribulation!
But the universe was so big, and the absolute number of participants in the Battle of the Worlds was in the tens of thousands. These were all seeds planted by the Heavenly Dao, and not every seed could grow healthily. Only those who grew the best and absorbed the most nutrients in the Battle of the Worlds were qualified to become Heaven's Chosen!
Where did this young man pop out from?
Most of the Martial Warriors present came from the "Gods No Thought". As for the geniuses in the "Gods No Thought", they could call out their names with their eyes closed. They also had a rough idea of their divine abilities and appearances.
For example, Xuanyuan Chenfeng and Lie Qianhan ….
In short, the young man in front of him was definitely not from Gods Without Thought. Even if he really came from Gods Without Thought, he could only be a powerful figure who suddenly appeared in a small corner. After all, there was no such person among the few experts of the younger generation.
Luo Zheng gave Ji Luoxue sufficient time to allow her to fully recover her True Essence. He didn't take advantage of Ji Luoxue's True Essence exhaustion to attack.
Perhaps Ji Luoxue was a little difficult to deal with for Luo Zheng, but he believed that he could only win in the end! So long as she didn't flee back to the main city … According to Luo Zheng's observation of this woman's personality, she shouldn't go so far as to hide in the main city. This was inconsistent with her Dao Heart.
The unprecedented True Essence storm in Ji Luoxue's body lasted for an entire 15 minutes before it finally stopped, and the entire True Essence sea slowly returned to calm.
Earlier, Ji Luoxue wanted to use her cultivation and strength to suppress Luo Zheng. Never had she imagined that she would be at a disadvantage!
But this didn't mean that she didn't have the strength to fight Luo Zheng. On the contrary, she wasn't truly adept at fighting head-on.
At this moment, Ji Luoxue's attitude towards Luo Zheng was extremely serious. She stood on her tiptoes lightly, and her crescent moon embroidered shoes emanated a trace of faint light at this moment …
The crescent moon embroidered shoes looked like an ordinary cloth shoe, but when Ji Luoxue wore them, they seemed to be exquisite and small.
As the light flickered, the crescent moon on her shoes started to spread towards the tip of her feet, and it quickly transformed into a sharp crescent moon!
Ji Luoxue smiled lightly at Luo Zheng, and then she crossed her jade arms lightly, causing the golden wind to sweep her up lightly, causing her figure to vanish from everyone's fields of vision …
The vigilance in Luo Zheng's heart rose greatly when he saw the crescent moon!
He was confident in his ability to defeat Ji Luoxue, but she wasn't like Niu Jin, the blue clothed cultivator, Long Qin, and the others from before!
Luo Zheng could easily defeat those opponents …
But when facing Ji Luoxue, the slightest carelessness would probably cause him to lose!
So at the instant that Ji Luoxue vanished on the crescent moon, a strand of white mist appeared on the surface of Luo Zheng's body!
"Eight Winding Smoke!"
And at the instant that Luo Zheng activated the Eight Winding Smoke, he saw Ji Luoxue. Their faces were only a foot apart, and with the help of the golden wind, Ji Luoxue arrived in front of Luo Zheng at an extremely fast speed. However, at this moment, she was standing upside down, and the trace of turbidity in her right eye had transformed into intense killing intent!
"Whoosh!"
She stood upside down, and her entire body spun 180 degrees. The crescent moon on her feet drew a semicircle in the air before it slashed down!
It took a while to describe, but it was already extremely fast!
From the moment that Luo Zheng executed the Eight Winding Smoke to the moment that Ji Luoxue kicked the crescent moon towards him, it was merely the blink of an eye.
Even the spectators on the city wall didn't react in time. Their gazes were locked onto Ji Luoxue for a breath, but in the next breath, they discovered that Ji Luoxue was already close to Luo Zheng, and it was too much for their eyes to take in.
Fortunately, Luo Zheng activated the Eight Winding Smoke at the first moment …
His figure had flown backwards the moment Ji Luoxue kicked out the crescent moon!
But this time, the Eight Winding Smoke's reaction was a bit slower!
Originally, the Eight Winding Smoke's magic could allow Luo Zheng to dodge the opponent's attack. The stronger and faster the attack, the faster Luo Zheng could dodge!
He could always maintain a distance of three inches!
So when faced with an arrow shot by a demon warrior in the wilderness, Luo Zheng's body would always maintain a distance of three inches from the arrowhead, and he would be pushed back.
But Ji Luoxue floated over with the golden wind, and the crescent moon slashed down, exceeding the speed limit of the Eight Winding Smoke. The sharp crescent moon crossed the distance of three inches and cut towards Luo Zheng's cheek!
＝＝＝＝＝