At the same time, Luo Zheng's entire body fell backwards!
At practically the instant he fell backwards, the crescent moon directly brushed past Luo Zheng's cheek, leaving behind a bloody scar that was several inches long!
This was practically Luo Zheng's acute reaction to approaching danger, and it was precisely this action that allowed Luo Zheng to avoid this calamity.
If he hadn't fallen backwards, Ji Luoxue's kick would probably have directly crushed Luo Zheng's head with the crescent moon …
"Whoosh whoosh …"
The two of them flipped in the air!
Ji Luoxue snorted coldly when she saw that such a fierce attack hadn't succeeded. With a sweep of the golden wind, her figure dissipated once more, and she pulled several hundred feet away from Luo Zheng to stand on the peak of the Divine Origin Magnetic Mountain!
This fellow's reaction is really …
In the eyes of bystanders, Ji Luoxue launching an attack right after recovering could be said to be hasty!
However, she clearly knew that this move had been executed to the pinnacle no matter if it was the timing or the choice of angle. If one was caught off guard, there was simply no way to avoid it. Unexpectedly, Luo Zheng was still able to dodge it.
As for Luo Zheng, he was rather speechless as he gazed at the small embroidered shoes on Ji Luoxue's feet and the crescent moon below.
This woman really has a lot of tricks up her sleeve!
Even a pair of embroidered shoes hides such fierce killing intent.
Are all female cultivators in the higher realms like this? Ji Luoxue is like this, and so is Ai Anxin. She has an endless stream of tricks up her sleeves, and every single one of them is a great killing weapon when used by an ordinary cultivator.
Just as he was feeling helpless in his heart, another golden light flashed from Ji Luoxue's body, who stood on the peak of the Divine Origin Magnetic Mountain!
It's coming again …
Luo Zheng's figure flipped in the air again, and at the same time, he drew in chaotic energy to circulate his cultivation technique. The amount of white mist condensed on the surface of Luo Zheng's body increased.
Even though Luo Zheng had circulated the Eight Directional Smokes to the limit, the speed of her crescent moon was even faster, and it easily crossed the three inches distance between them and once again cut towards Luo Zheng!
"Pu!"
This time, Luo Zheng still wasn't able to completely avoid Ji Luoxue's kick, and the crescent moon moon directly cut open the flesh on his upper arm!
"Now!"
He already knew that he was unable to dodge, so he twisted his body and used his left arm to block. At the instant his arm was sliced apart, his right hand had already swiftly stretched out and grabbed towards Ji Luoxue's leg.
Luo Zheng had to pay the price of an arm to restrain this woman and kill her. This was his chance to win!
However, just as his fingers touched the back of Ji Luoxue's foot, before he could fully grasp it, a golden wind flashed past, and he felt his hand become empty!
Ji Luoxue's figure vanished once more before Luo Zheng, and she returned to the peak of the Divine Origin Mountain. Even though her attack had succeeded, there was an unnatural expression on her face. Earlier, Luo Zheng had almost grabbed her leg ….
That unnatural expression remained on her face for only a moment!
After dissipating in an instant, the golden wind flashed, and she actually attacked Luo Zheng again without any pause!
She knew that with her speed, it was impossible for Luo Zheng to catch her. As long as she maintained this momentum, this person would eventually lose to her. Therefore, she was unwilling to give Luo Zheng any time!
"Sou!"
"Pu!"
Every time Ji Luoxue flashed over, a deep bloody wound would bloom on Luo Zheng's body!
The problem Luo Zheng faced now was almost the same as when he encountered the Sky Reach Rats that day. The problem was that those Sky Reach Rats were relatively stupid, and the damage they caused to Luo Zheng was far inferior to Ji Luoxue's ….
It was obviously impossible to trap Ji Luoxue with the Heavenly Calamity Annihilation!
Luo Zheng's mind was spinning swiftly as he endured Ji Luoxue's attacks. If he was unable to resolve this situation, then his defeat was only a matter of time!
"Pu …."
"Pu …."
Numerous flowers of blood sprayed out ….
"Hehe, Ji Luoxue has really become serious. Her attacks are like flowing water, and they come wave after wave, causing one to have no chance to catch his breath at all!"
"With her strength, she's probably even able to easily annihilate a martial artist at the intermediate stage of the Divine Peak Realm, right?"
"I knew it, a genius is a genius, how could she be defeated by this kid? And … this is only half of Ji Luoxue's strength, right? I heard that Black Snow has also entered the Illusory Battlefield. She actually entered the Illusory Battlefield with two identities at the same time. I wonder if they'll merge into one in the battlefield? "
"…."
Ji Luoxue's attacks were becoming more and more practiced, and also more and more ferocious!
Now, she was specifically targeting Luo Zheng's vital points to attack, and every attack could kill Luo Zheng.
It was also because Luo Zheng's judgment of danger was incomparably accurate that he could always avoid the most serious injuries at the crucial moment, but the wounds on his body were still increasing continuously!
"Die …."
Another gust of golden wind swept over!
A trace of a smile that contained a hint of killing intent had already appeared on Ji Luoxue's face.
She had caught an unexpected flaw in Luo Zheng's defense. After this attack, she would be able to end his life!
She couldn't help but sigh in her heart when she had to drag out the battle with a nameless person for so long, and even had to use the Crescent Moon Blade. This universe was truly miraculous. A nameless person with such strength could appear with just a slight carelessness. Previously, she had underestimated the difficulty of the Illusory Battlefield.
However ….
She had missed Luo Zheng with this attack.
This flaw was intentionally exposed by Luo Zheng.
It didn't matter if it missed. In Ji Luoxue's eyes, this little trick could be considered boring ….
Because Luo Zheng was destined to be unable to catch her. At worst, she could just repeat it a few more times. With a flash of the golden wind, she planned to once again distance herself from Luo Zheng.
But at this moment, a shackle appeared in Luo Zheng's hand!
It was a bright silver shackle that looked new and shiny. When Ji Luoxue saw this shackle, her face flickered with a trace of confusion.
What is this guy planning to do?
Wants to use this shackle to lock me down? How is this possible ….
However, just as this thought flashed through her mind, she had just entered the golden wind and was preparing to quickly distance herself from Luo Zheng!
But one end of the shackle turned into a silver belt of light and swept towards Ji Luoxue. One end of the shackle locked onto her feet at a speed that exceeded Ji Luoxue's imagination!
And the other end was locked onto Luo Zheng's body!
Seeing this scene, Ji Luoxue instantly became anxious ….
She couldn't figure out how this shackle could be so fast no matter how hard she tried. Why couldn't she escape even with the Wind Flash, the profundity of the law of wind?
Whoosh ….
Her figure was still frantically flashing about!
But no matter how Ji Luoxue dodged, she still couldn't shake off the shackle on her feet.
She was like a bird whose feet were bound. No matter how high she spread her wings and flew, she would still be pulled back to her original place ….
Ji Luoxue naturally couldn't imagine that Luo Zheng's Life Ending Shackle could even bind a Heavenly Venerable. Although she was a prodigy of the Ji Family, no matter how strong she was, she couldn't possibly be stronger than a Heavenly Venerable, right?
This Life Ending Shackle was obtained from the fragments that Master had given her.
It could be considered a miniature version of the Life Ending Battle!
The Life Ending Battle locked several dozen people together, and in the end, only one person could survive!
And this Life Ending Shackle in Luo Zheng's hand was used to bind himself to his opponent. After being bound by the Life Ending Shackle, there was only one choice between the two parties — to kill the other party!
If the other party was stronger than Luo Zheng, using the Life Ending Shackle would definitely be an act of suicide.
But after all, the Life Ending Shackle belonged to Luo Zheng. Whether or not to bind and who to bind was up to Luo Zheng himself!
Ji Luoxue's speed was extremely fast. Luo Zheng dodged while thinking about how to break out of this situation. Suddenly, he remembered that he still had this Dharma treasure …. He had never used it before!
Whoosh —
Rays of golden wind flashed continuously.
Ji Luoxue's figure could be seen intermittently in this golden wind. But no matter how she struggled, she couldn't get more than three meters away.
No matter how fast she was, she couldn't shake off this shackle ….
Although Luo Zheng looked a little miserable, he knew that when the Life Ending Shackle locked Ji Luoxue, he had already won!
This Life Ending Shackle could only extend a distance of three meters. With a light tug, Luo Zheng pulled Ji Luoxue over by Luo Zheng's immense strength.