In the face of Ji Luoxue's five-colored palm print, Luo Zheng's face brimmed with a warm smile!
In that instant, Luo Zheng activated the power of 30,000 dragon scales!
He'd similarly slapped his palm towards Ji Luoxue as well. However, this extremely ordinary palm strike contained unimaginable strength!
Ji Luoxue used this Five Element Palm Print against Luo Zheng purely out of helplessness …
Just as some knowledgeable bystanders had said, the current Ji Luoxue was actually not a complete body!
At this moment, there was another Ji Luoxue in another major world in the Illusory Battlefield!
Two bodies in one mind …
Although this cultivation technique was rare in the universe, there were a few similar cultivation techniques.
For example, Yun Luo could even sever one million avatars.
However, after Yun Luo's one million avatars were severed, only Yun Luo could comprehend it.
On the other hand, although Ji Luoxue's two bodies shared the same soul, they could cultivate separately. When the two merged, she would be a complete existence, and she would be the prodigy of the Ji Family!
It was also because of this that Ji Luoxue could only use the power of the earth element and the power of the metal element. The other three origin laws were extremely weak, and the power of the five elements that she could use was naturally incomplete.
Bang!
This palm print was a choice that Ji Luoxue made out of helplessness!
If Black Snow was here, the outcome of Luo Zheng's palm print would be uncertain. This was because Black Snow's combat technique was completely different from hers. After the two merged, their strengths and weaknesses would complement each other to transform into a perfect Five Element Body. Only then could one be considered a true cultivator of the five elements!
Ji Luoxue's Five Element Palm Print started to crumble under Luo Zheng's palm print!
"It's over." Luo Zheng smiled slightly. After breaking Ji Luoxue's palm print, he had already placed his hand on Ji Luoxue's forehead. He appeared to be very gentle, as if helping Ji Luoxue wipe off the sweat on her forehead …
However, under Luo Zheng's gentle brush, that enormous power spread out, and Ji Luoxue's body directly disintegrated in front of everyone!
That red light wrapped around Ji Luoxue's soul and flew towards the main city.
At the same time, dreamy light spots exploded from her dissipating body …
Countless dreamy light spots spread out, covering an area of two to three zhang!
When the warriors on the city walls saw such a large number of Fantasy Points, their eyes nearly popped out!
Since Ji Luoxue was the 'City Lord' of this main city, there were eight 'slaughterhouses' at the city gate that helped Ji Luoxue collect Fantasy Points day and night. Under her absolute control, the amount of Fantasy Points collected was definitely not a small amount …
Everyone was already mentally prepared. However, when such a large amount of Fantasy Points appeared, everyone was still shocked by the huge amount of Fantasy Points!
This was too much …
Even Luo Zheng was shocked by the number of fantasy points!
"Whoosh whoosh whoosh …"
Those fantasy points flew towards Luo Zheng and entered Luo Zheng's body.
Luo Zheng's fantasy points soared at this moment! At the same time, his ranking on the pyramid was rising rapidly!
"This …"
With a single thought, Luo Zheng found out that he possessed 4,600,000 fantasy points!
After he killed Niu Jin earlier, he'd seized a few hundred thousand fantasy points from Niu Jin. In other words, Ji Luoxue possessed over 8,000,000 fantasy points. He'd killed her earlier and seized half of her fantasy points, which was over 4,000,000 fantasy points.
This woman's accumulation had far exceeded Luo Zheng's imagination.
Presently, Luo Zheng was ranked at the 309th position on this world, and he was ranked at the 14,000th position in the entire Illusory Battlefield!
It was at this moment that his ranking skyrocketed by countless times …
Amongst the trillions of warriors, the top 100,000 were extremely dazzling existences!
Even though Luo Zheng was only ranked at the 14,000th position, countless eyes in the entire world were staring at his name. At this moment, the name 'Luo Zheng' caused a wave of heated discussions!
"Luo Zheng, that's Luo Zheng who told stories …. He actually entered the top 100,000!"
"Look carefully, he's ranked at the 14,000th position. In the great world he's from, he's ranked at the 300th position! This guy's strength is very strong. If he continues to rise, I'm afraid he'll be on par with those prodigies! "
"Hmph, what's so great about him? His immortal mansion is a treasure among treasures. If I can obtain such an immortal mansion, I'll definitely rise to the top!"
"Hehe, first, you'll have to obtain such an immortal mansion. Then, you'll have to cultivate to the Divine Ocean Realm …."
In every corner of the world, people were discussing fervently, and the attention paid to Luo Zheng was unprecedentedly high.
Since Luo Zheng's ranking had risen, they were curious to see how far he would go. Would it be a flash in the pan, or would he surpass all obstacles and reach the peak?
At this moment, the atmosphere in the Misty Cloud Palace was extremely high!
Because Luo Zheng came from the Misty Cloud Palace, their expectations for Luo Zheng were extremely high!
Previously, Luo Zheng's ranking had been lukewarm, and many people were worried about Luo Zheng.
Although Yun Luo's expression was calm, she was actually a little dissatisfied in her heart. She knew that Luo Zheng would definitely soar into the sky, but that kid was too calm. Would he just wander around the Illusory Battlefield blindly?
While they were guessing, Luo Zheng's ranking soared. At this moment, Yun Luo revealed a knowing smile. "He's only ranked at the 14,000th position … I wonder when he'll reach the top 1,000?" Yun Luo whispered. She was as confident in Luo Zheng as before.
The Misty Cloud Palace was in an uproar, but the atmosphere in another place was very solemn.
Deities Have No Thoughts …
Snowy City, Ji Family.
The ancestor of the Ji Family rarely showed up these years ….
Although the Ji Family was called a family, in fact, there were more than a million warriors surnamed Ji in the whole family, which was comparable to a big country.
And the ancestor of the Ji Family was the supreme existence of this "country".
When the ancestor appeared in the Ji Family, how could the important figures of the Ji Family be absent?
This Illusory Battlefield was very important to the Ji Family!
The reason was naturally Ji Luoxue ….
The Ji Family had a total of three prodigies!
The other two prodigies, Ji Feichen and Ji Xuanya, couldn't be compared to Ji Luoxue ….
Although the strength of these two prodigies was not bad, they were not on the same level as Ji Luoxue. Whether it was Ji Feichen or Ji Xuanya, they could only barely fight to a draw with one of Ji Luoxue's clones. In other words, they only had "half" of Ji Luoxue's strength.
Ji Luoxue was the hope of the Ji Family. They hoped that one day, Ji Luoxue would transform into a Daoist of the Ji Family!
And this time, the opening of the Illusory Battlefield held great hope ….
At this moment, Ji Luoxue's ranking was very eye-catching!
She was already in the top ten of the pyramid!
The warriors in front of her were basically Daoists of the various large families. They were unique existences that surpassed prodigies. The existence of these Daoists was enough to affect the fortune and direction of a family!
Any family would throw all their resources on their Daoists!
This was because there was a saying in the universe that one had to destroy their Daoists before destroying a family. If one wanted to destroy a powerful family, one had to first kill the Daoists of that family! If one didn't do so, that Daoist would definitely rely on his monstrous fortune and extremely powerful talent to kill his way back one day!
Therefore, to the various large families and races, the family could be destroyed, but the Daoists couldn't die. Although the Daoists were seedlings, they were the future of the family …
This saying might have some elements of mystery in it. After all, some large families already had such deep foundations. If a Daoist really died, these families with powerful foundations could still support another one.
However, from these sayings, it could be seen how much importance these families and races attached to their Daoists.
It was already very impressive for Ji Luoxue to be able to enter the top ten of the Illusory Battlefield. However, she had an innate advantage in the Illusory Battlefield.
This was because everyone else was fighting alone in the Illusory Battlefield, while Ji Luoxue had two people. Both Ji Luoxue and Ji Luoxue were extremely powerful, so the number of Illusory Points they collected was naturally twice as fast as other prodigies and even some Daoists!
Even so, the Ji Family was not satisfied with Ji Luoxue's ranking.
They wanted Ji Luoxue to be ranked first! There was no other choice. She had to be first! Only then would she not let down the Ji Family's many years of nurturing her!
However, Ji Luoxue's name on the pyramid in front of the Ji Family patriarch suddenly slid down rapidly ….