The ranking competition in the Illusion Battlefield was rather intense!
Due to the large number of main cities, the range of activity of most cultivators was limited. It was impossible to pass through too many main cities in a short period of time.
Thus, most cultivators circled around a main city to obtain Fantasy Points.
Of course, everyone's method was different.
For example, after Ji Luoxue controlled a main city, she collected Fantasy Points through the method of "paying taxes." Every cultivator in the main city had to pay the taxes and couldn't escape!
If she only controlled a main city, Ji Luoxue's ranking wouldn't be so high!
However, Ji Luoxue could split into two bodies with a single thought. That "Black Snow" was Ji Luoxue's clone and roamed in another large world!
The points accumulated by the two of them were counted on one person!
Thus, Ji Luoxue was far ahead and ranked eighth on the pyramid. For a moment, she was incomparably glorious, and the entire Ji Family felt greatly honored!
After all, in [Gods No Thoughts], only two people had made it into the top ten. One was Xuanyuan Chenfeng, who was previously ranked first, and the other was Ji Luoxue … After Xuanyuan Chenfeng's ranking mysteriously dropped, Ji Luoxue became the only martial artist in [Gods No Thoughts] who made it into the top ten.
When the Ji Family patriarch saw this scene, he was rather happy and repeatedly praised the Ji Family for having a successor.
However, at this moment, Ji Luoxue's ranking rapidly dropped! He actually slipped from the seventh place to the hundredth place!
The Ji Family patriarch stared fixedly at the name on the pyramid, and a trace of coldness appeared in his eyes …
The Ji Family patriarch said coldly, "Someone killed Xue 'er once!"
It was a pity that the people outside couldn't observe every movement in the Illusion Battlefield. He didn't know who had the strength to kill a prodigy of the Ji Family.
"Hmph, to be able to defeat Xue 'er, this person probably isn't a nobody. I wonder what backing he has to dare to provoke my niece!" An elder of the Ji Family said coldly. A large family clan was ultimately domineering. Ji Luoxue was the apple of the entire family's eye. How could they tolerate someone attacking Ji Luoxue?
"I already said that Ji Luoxue should have merged with Black Snow. Splitting into two bodies with a single thought greatly reduces Ji Luoxue's strength. Why bother using such a method! Another elder said angrily.
As Ji Luoxue's clone, Black Snow's strength was also extraordinary. The key was that after the two of them fused, Ji Luoxue would be able to display her strongest strength!
Before the opening of the Illusory Battlefield, the Ji Family had been debating whether or not to fuse them!
Fusion had its benefits. With Ji Luoxue's complete form, there were few opponents in the Illusory Battlefield. Ji Luoxue even had the strength to fight those Dao Children.
However, if two clones entered the Illusory Battlefield, the speed at which they earned Fantasy Points would double. The only drawback was that their strength would decrease significantly.
The final decision was made by Ji Luoxue himself!
In reality, it was extremely advantageous for Ji Luoxue to enter the Illusory Battlefield with his avatar.
For example, when Ji Luoxue was killed by Luo Zheng, an ordinary person would have lost half of their fantasy points.
On the other hand, Ji Luoxue had only lost half of her main body's Fantasy points, but Black Snow hadn't lost anything. Thus, she had only lost a quarter of her Fantasy points.
If Ji Luoxue was killed even once in her peak condition, her ranking wouldn't just drop to the 700th position, it would directly drop below the 200th position!
However, how many people could kill Ji Luoxue when she was in her peak condition?
The Illusory Battlefield was divided into 50 major worlds. There were probably only a dozen or so people who could defeat Ji Luoxue. These dozen or so people might not be in the same major world as Ji Luoxue. In other words, the possibility of her being killed was very small.
Thus, the question of whether it was good or bad to have a clone was indeed somewhat unsolvable.
Some of the Ji Family's elders actually started debating about this question.
"Alright …"
The Ji Family's patriarch, who was sitting at the highest point, waved his hand indifferently.
When the patriarch's voice was transmitted, the entire Ji Family became extremely quiet. Even the elders, including the patriarch, were sitting upright and still.
"Xue 'er is already very good. Furthermore, being killed once doesn't mean anything. I believe that she will climb up again," the Ji Family's patriarch said indifferently.
"Patriarch is right. We should have confidence in Luoxue. Perhaps Luoxue wasn't killed. Logically speaking, there are some blessed lands to explore in the Illusory Battlefield. She might have encountered some danger that she couldn't resist. The cultivators who die in the Illusory Battlefield can be revived. Ji Luoxue still has many chances!" the Ji Family's patriarch said indifferently.
Quite a few people nodded slightly.
The rankings in the early stages didn't mean anything. Xuanyuan Chenfeng, who had been leading all the way, had already disappeared. Now that he had caught up again, everyone still had to be patient with Ji Luoxue.
In another corner of the Illusory Battlefield …
A female cultivator holding a saber tilted her head and stood at the top of the city wall.
This cultivator's appearance was exactly the same as Ji Luoxue's. They were practically identical.
Although they looked exactly the same, their auras were completely different.
Just like how white snowflakes often fell around Ji Luoxue, this woman also had snowflakes around her. However, what fell was black snow.
Although she and Ji Luoxue were two bodies, Black Snow had her own thoughts and thoughts. Even her personality was completely different from Ji Luoxue's.
The cultivators in this main city …
Most of them had already escaped.
Ever since the Illusory Battlefield opened, Black Snow relied on her saber to mercilessly slaughter the cultivators in the main city.
She didn't care about observing how many Illusory Points the other party had or what benefits she could obtain. As long as they were cultivators outside the city, they would be sent back to the main city by her saber.
After a period of time, many cultivators gathered in the main city and didn't dare to come out again.
However, staying in the main city wasn't a solution. After a discussion, many cultivators chose to escape at the same time.
Although Black Snow was extremely powerful, it was impossible for her to capture all the cultivators in one fell swoop. She wanted as many cultivators as possible to escape.
Throughout the entire process, Black Snow killed many cultivators. However, even more cultivators chose to escape the main city. Therefore, in general, the Illusory Points that Black Snow accumulated were inferior to Ji Luoxue's.
However, Black Snow didn't care.
Even though she had two bodies, she had a primary and secondary body. The primary body was Ji Luoxue and the secondary body was Black Snow. She only needed to kill to her heart's content. She didn't need to worry about anything else.
Currently, the cultivators in the main city had either fled or scattered. The remaining cultivators couldn't escape. Furthermore, their Illusory Points had been drained dry by Black Snow. Therefore, she planned to search for the next city.
When the cultivators in the main city saw that Black Snow was preparing to leave, they secretly heaved a sigh of relief. The sooner this plague left, the better.
Just as Black Snow was about to leave, she realized that her ranking had begun to drop rapidly.
"I … was killed by someone?"
Black Snow closed her eyes.
She and Ji Luoxue were telepathically connected. After a thought, Black Snow already obtained the answer.
A cultivator called Luo Tianxing, huh …
If I want to find this fellow, I'm afraid I'll have to cross the great world. I can't do that now.
However, with this fellow's strength, I'll eventually encounter him …
When she thought of this, a clear light flashed in her turbid eyes.
…
In the main city, a human figure gradually emerged from a green ball of light!
It was Ji Luoxue, who had been killed by Luo Zheng. At this moment, she was rapidly reviving.
Shortly after, the ball of light shattered, and Ji Luoxue's figure appeared from within. She looked in the direction of the main city's exit. Her clear eyes were turbid …
"Young Master!"
"Young Master!"
Niu Jin and Jia Fan had been waiting respectfully beside the green ball of light for a long time.
After Niu Jin was defeated by Luo Zheng, he was originally unconvinced. Now that he saw that Ji Luoxue was defeated by that fellow, he also understood the gap between him and Luo Zheng.
Ji Luoxue nodded slightly and walked towards the city gate.
On the city wall, all the Martial Artists looked at Luo Zheng with gazes that were filled with intense reverence.
This fellow really did it. He killed the prodigy of the Ji Family!
In the eyes of these Divine Sea Realm cultivators who had already accepted their fate, it was simply incomprehensible that Luo Zheng could kill Ji Luoxue.
In their eyes, Ji Luoxue was definitely an undefeatable legend. No one in the main city was qualified to be her opponent, let alone kill her.