Such an ordinary-looking fellow was able to kill Ji Luoxue. It was undoubtedly a miracle.
This battle caused many of the weaker martial artists to feel a surge of emotions …
They were all discussing Luo Zheng's identity in low voices. Who was he? Where did he come from? Where did he learn from …
However, no one dared to ask Luo Zheng directly.
"Ji Luoxue is here …" someone reminded.
All the cultivators turned around to look over, and they saw Ji Luoxue who wore violet clothes was walking slowly towards the top of the city wall!
"After Ji Luoxue revived, she didn't leave the city but went up the city wall!"
"She doesn't plan on challenging Luo Zheng again?"
"That means she's admitting defeat!"
Although Ji Luoxue lost to Luo Zheng, many cultivators believed that Ji Luoxue would not give up. After reviving, Ji Luoxue would probably challenge Luo Zheng again.
After Luo Zheng killed Ji Luoxue, he floated outside the city wall and stood on the Divine Origin Magnet Mountain. He didn't choose to escape …
There was a high possibility that the two of them would fight again. However, Ji Luoxue chose to go up the city wall and didn't leave the city. The surrounding cultivators all moved aside and made a path for Ji Luoxue.
Luo Zheng leaned against a corner of the Divine Origin Magnet Mountain with a faint smile on his face. He looked at Ji Luoxue and said, "Do you want to fight again?"
Ji Luoxue shook her head and replied firmly, "No."
The goal of the first stage of the Illusion Battlefield was to accumulate Fantasy Points as much as possible. Before she had the confidence to defeat Luo Zheng, she naturally wouldn't rashly fight with Luo Zheng again.
"However, we will have the chance to fight again sooner or later." Ji Luoxue continued, "I hope that at that time … you won't be afraid."
Saying this, Ji Luoxue revealed a pure smile. At that time, she would merge with the black snow and become a complete body. At that time, she would win this battle!
Hearing Ji Luoxue's words, Luo Zheng shrugged his shoulders. "Sure!" Then he touched his head and said, "There's one more question …"
"Speak," Ji Luoxue said calmly.
"Why were you able to absorb the blue-clothed cultivator's Fantasy Points?" Luo Zheng asked.
Luo Zheng asked this question before, but Ji Luoxue didn't answer. Now, Luo Zheng asked again. He was indeed very curious about this matter and couldn't understand how Ji Luoxue did it. No matter how strong she was, she couldn't change the rules of the Illusion Battlefield!
Ji Luoxue smiled faintly. This time, she chose to help Luo Zheng. Then, a golden pill appeared in her hand. "This golden pill contains my imprint! .... Of course... His Fantasy Points............ of his Fantasy points................. His Fantasy points................................
Hearing this, Luo Zheng came to a realization …
He patted himself on the head. How could he not have thought of such a simple matter even after racking his brains?
However, the more obvious the rules were, the harder it was for people to wrap their heads around them.
However, Ji Luoxue's method gave Luo Zheng another idea …
If this was the case, a cultivator would set up countless traps in a main city. These traps would be imprinted with their own imprint. Then, any cultivator who was killed by these traps would obtain an endless amount of fantasy points that would converge towards them! He only needed to leisurely stay in the city and collect the Fantasy Points!
If Luo Zheng could think of this, others could naturally think of it as well! There were people who did this in the Illusion Battlefield. For example, Ai Anxin.
Now, Ai Anxin's ranking was soaring!
That was how she came up with this idea …
Ai Anxin continued to wander around the Illusion Battlefield. After discovering a main city, Ai Anxin didn't choose to enter the main city to challenge the strong cultivators there.
It was not that Ai Anxin was unwilling to fight against experts, but that would waste too much time. Furthermore, there was a risk of dying. Every time he died, half of his fantasy points would be deducted. With Ai Anxin's shrewdness, this was undoubtedly a losing business.
After pondering for a while, Ai Anxin thought of a method. That was to scatter seeds!
When a new main city appeared in front of Ai Anxin, she scattered a large number of seeds. These seeds were very unique. After being scattered on the ground, they were like living insects that crawled into the ground.
Within two hours, those seeds began to germinate and grow. Finally, they grew into dandelions!
These dandelions were about the size of a fist, and there was a circle of transparent needles on the outermost layer. They looked very beautiful and sparkled with a translucent luster …
The more beautiful something was, the more deadly it was!
These dandelions were the most deadly traps. When a cultivator approached them, the fine hairs on the surface of the dandelions would rapidly explode and scatter in all directions at an extremely fast speed, entering the cultivator's body.
These tiny needles would continuously travel along the cultivator's meridians and track the True Essence aura within the cultivator's body. Finally, they would penetrate the dantian and enter the cultivator's inner world. Then, they would release a fatal poison within the cultivator's body, polluting the entire True Essence Sea!
If a cultivator didn't revolve their dantian and release their True Essence, then it would be fine. But once it was released, they would immediately die.
After scattering these dandelion seeds along the path, Ai Anxin would leave this place and continue to wander through the Illusory Battlefield in search of the next main city.
During this process, fantasy points would constantly fly into Ai Anxin's body …
Although the number of fantasy points wasn't too great, with each cluster of fantasy points being only a few dozen or a few hundred points. Occasionally, there would be several thousand points!
But within two hours, dozens of fantasy points would enter Ai Anxin's body. And during this entire process, Ai Anxin didn't experience the slightest bit of danger …
"I understand." Luo Zheng smiled faintly and leaped up from the Divine Origin Magnetic Mountain. As a ray of light flickered in his hand, the enormous Divine Origin Magnetic Mountain started to spin. Finally, it constantly shrunk and transformed into a miniature mountain that landed in Luo Zheng's hand.
Ji Luoxue's heart was filled with unwillingness when she saw the refined Divine Origin Magnetic Mountain. Previously, she had planned to use Luo Zheng as a bargaining chip to force him to hand over the method to refine the Divine Origin Magnetic Mountain. Now, it seemed that her way of thinking was childish. He didn't even need her to let him go …
After Luo Zheng put away the Divine Origin Magnetic Mountain, he glanced indifferently at Ji Luoxue and then prepared to fly into the distance.
The Illusory Battlefield was so large. Every cultivator had different methods of accumulating fantasy points. Luo Zheng possessed the Teleportation Token, which was a huge advantage for him.
Traveling between different main cities and hunting the "fat sheep" among them was also an effective method!
Ji Luoxue was the biggest fat sheep in this main city …
Luo Zheng had snatched away so many fantasy points from her, so she probably wouldn't fight again. Luo Zheng also didn't need to stay here and waste time. He could choose the next main city.
Seeing that Luo Zheng was about to leave, Ji Luoxue pursed her lips and finally spoke. "Can … you wait?"
Luo Zheng turned around and looked at Ji Luoxue with a puzzled gaze.
"I can make a deal with you!" Ji Luoxue said with a true essence sound transmission.
The method to refine the Divine Origin Magnetic Mountain was too important to Ji Luoxue. If she refined her own Divine Origin Magnetic Mountain, it would be greatly beneficial to her cultivation of the five elements!
"What deal?" Luo Zheng replied.
As Ji Luoxue's thin lips moved slightly, a trace of interest appeared on Luo Zheng's face!
After 30 minutes, Luo Zheng appeared in a courtyard in a corner of the main city.
Stepping on the thick layer of snow, Luo Zheng felt the tranquility of this courtyard. He couldn't help but sigh in his heart. Ji Luoxue was able to leisurely earn so many fantasy points? People were really different. He worked himself to death fighting others outside, but the fantasy points he earned weren't even a tenth of what she earned!
Ji Luoxue stood in the center of the courtyard. She held a row of blank jade slips in her hand, and her index finger was constantly moving around the jade slips.
After a long time, Ji Luoxue's delicate voice sounded. She spat out the word "seal", and a jade slip was completed. She held the jade slip in her hand and said to Luo Zheng, "This jade slip only teaches you how to refine the origin magnetic force in the Divine Origin Magnetic Mountain. As for how to use it, it's up to you to comprehend it yourself!"
Luo Zheng nodded and extended his hand towards Ji Luoxue.
Ji Luoxue originally wanted to hand over the jade slip, but a trace of hesitation appeared on her face …