Ji Luoxue didn't have any way to restrain Luo Zheng.
The method to use the magnetic force was a secret of the Ji Family. The ancestor of the Ji Family had taught it to Ji Luoxue in private!
She usually cultivated the five elements and sat quietly in the Divine Magnetic Mountain. She used this method to draw the magnetic force around her body and used it for cultivation.
But the Origin Magnetic Divine Mountain was incomparably heavy. Without refining it, it was impossible for her to carry the Origin Magnetic Divine Mountain everywhere like Luo Zheng.
Ji Luoxue and Luo Zheng hadn't even met before. Normally, she wouldn't casually teach this method to an outsider!
However, Luo Zheng's refining method was of great importance!
She couldn't just watch Luo Zheng leave. She could only grit her teeth and engrave the method on a jade slip. She chose to exchange it with Luo Zheng …
Seeing the hesitation on Ji Luoxue's face, Luo Zheng had a faint smile on his face. How could he not see through Ji Luoxue's thoughts?
However, Luo Zheng didn't express his opinion. He just wanted to see how this woman would choose.
If this woman didn't believe him, then Luo Zheng could flick his sleeve and leave. Since he already knew that the Origin Magnetic Force within the Divine Origin Magnetic Mountain could be utilized, then he could enter the Book Collection Pavilion to search for it. With the vast reserves of the Book Collection Pavilion, finding this method would presumably not be difficult.
However, Luo Zheng was currently in the Illusory Battlefield and couldn't return to the immortal mansion. If he could obtain this method from this woman, the Divine Magnetic Mountain could become a powerful weapon for Luo Zheng.
Ji Luoxue hesitated for a moment before saying cautiously, "You can't teach this method to others. If you do, you'll be hunted down by the Ji Family. You won't be able to escape even if you flee to the ends of the earth!"
Hearing this, Luo Zheng couldn't help but roll his eyes in his mind …
This kind of threat might be effective against other Divine Sea Realm warriors, but it was useless against Luo Zheng. He had killed four Celestial Venerables. All the major races in the universe had sent people to guard the entrance of his immortal mansion. One more Ji Family didn't seem to matter.
After Ji Luoxue's warning, she handed the jade slip to Luo Zheng.
Luo Zheng held the jade slip in his hand and injected his perception into it. Then, he began to rapidly memorize the incantation.
Just as Ji Luoxue had said, this technique was able to help him extract the Origin Magnetic Energy within the Divine Origin Mountain and utilize it for his own use ….
After memorizing it, Luo Zheng also understood something.
Seeing Luo Zheng's appearance, Ji Luoxue's clear eyes revealed a trace of nervousness.
Although she was indifferent by nature, this spell was still passed down from the Ji Family's ancestor. Passing it down to an outsider was indeed a lot of pressure.
If this Luo Zheng were to flick his sleeves and run away, she would want to cry but have no tears!
However, this didn't happen in the end. Although the blood sacrifice method to refine the Divine Origin Magnetic Mountain was precious, it wasn't of much use to the current Luo Zheng. After all, he had already refined the Divine Origin Magnetic Mountain.
Moreover, even if he imparted it to Ji Luoxue, she wouldn't leave the Illusory Battlefield right now. She wouldn't bring the Divine Origin Magnet Mountain to cause trouble for him.
"The five elements can't invade this Divine Origin Magnetic Mountain, but there's a method that can refine it. This method is called 'blood sacrifice' …."
Luo Zheng didn't inscribe the method of blood sacrifice into a jade slip, and he directly used True Essence voice transmission to explain it to Ji Luoxue.
With Ji Luoxue's memories, she was able to recite it backwards.
As Luo Zheng explained the method recorded in the Myriad of Wonders word by word, Ji Luoxue's gaze grew brighter and brighter, and her eyes revealed a watery color that seemed like two clear and translucent gems.
After he finished speaking, Luo Zheng asked. "Have you memorized it well?"
Ji Luoxue nodded, yet she sighed with emotion. "I wonder who invented this method of blood sacrifice to actually have such a thought …." At this moment, Ji Luoxue had a feeling in her heart. The person that invented the method of blood sacrifice seemed to have grasped the laws of all things, and only such a figure was able to come up with such a method!
This person's wisdom and vast knowledge were probably even greater than her Ji Family's ancestor!
Luo Zheng couldn't answer this question. "I've already given you the method of blood sacrifice. You have to fulfill the other condition as well."
"Of course …."
Not long after, outside the main city, two cultivators stood before Luo Zheng.
These two cultivators clearly revealed indignant expressions, and they glared fiercely at Luo Zheng ….
They didn't know what kind of deal their Young Master had made with Luo Zheng, and he actually wanted them to hand over the Fantasy Points that they had painstakingly collected to Luo Zheng!
Their strength far exceeded that of ordinary Divine Sea Realm cultivators, but since entering the Illusory Battlefield, they had silently collected Fantasy Points for Ji Luoxue, and then they were willing to let Ji Luoxue kill them and hand over the Fantasy Points to Ji Luoxue.
But now, Ji Luoxue had ordered them to let this kid kill them, and they weren't allowed to fight back!
How could they be willing?
Unfortunately, they had no choice. They couldn't disobey their Young Master's orders. Perhaps the deal between this kid and their Young Master was of great importance, so their Young Master had no choice but to make such a concession.
"Pfff pfff …."
As Luo Zheng punched out twice, the two cultivators immediately died, and two large balls of Fantasy Points of Light exploded.
Each ball of Fantasy Points was about 200,000. This way, Luo Zheng had more than 400,000 Fantasy Points out of thin air.
After absorbing these Fantasy Points, Luo Zheng's ranking rose again.
After Luo Zheng killed Ji Luoxue earlier, his ranking was already at the 309th position, and because of these 400,000 plus Illusory Points, Luo Zheng had charged into the 300th position and was ranked at the 279th position in this world. On the other hand, in the entire Illusory Battlefield, Luo Zheng was ranked at the 1096th position, and he was only a step away from the top 10,000!
There were too many cultivators participating in the Illusory Battlefield this time. Even Luo Zheng wasn't confident that he could reach first place. But since Luo Zheng had come to the Illusory Battlefield, he was bound to strive for this goal.
Perhaps Luo Zheng would fail at the final step, but throughout the entire process, he wouldn't relax at all. This had always been Luo Zheng's personality.
After killing these two cultivators, Luo Zheng didn't stay any longer and drifted away.
Ji Luoxue's originally pure expression became even more complicated as she watched Luo Zheng's figure disappear into the distance.
We should still have a chance to fight in this Illusory Battlefield …
The entire Illusory Battlefield's first stage was a competition of the number of Fantasy Points collected. But since it was divided into 50 great worlds, the top prodigies would definitely have an ultimate clash in the final stage.
Ji Luoxue was very confident. She believed that she would reach the final stage!
As for Luo Tianxing … With his strength, as long as he didn't encounter those Daoists from other races, he would probably be able to reach the final stage.
At that time, Ji Luoxue would fuse with the black snow and achieve perfection. She would face the various prodigies and Daoists in this universe in her strongest state. Of course, there was also Luo Tianxing!
Luo Zheng traveled through the air for a period of time. After confirming that no one was following him, he took out the Teleportation Token.
Buzz … Buzz … Buzz …
As Luo Zheng activated the Teleportation Token, he once again escaped into a strange space.
The Fantasy Points in this Illusory Battlefield were initially scattered. They were evenly distributed to every cultivator in the form of 100 Fantasy Points per person.
But as time passed, the Fantasy Points began to converge.
The Fantasy Points that "Grass" possessed were transferred to "Sheep", and the Fantasy Points of "Sheep" were plundered by "Wolves".
In the end, all the Fantasy Points of "Wolves" would be devoured by "Lions" and "Tigers"!
If one wanted to rank at the top, they had to continuously collect Fantasy Points!
Perhaps Luo Zheng now had 5,000,000 Fantasy Points and could stand around the 10,000th rank.
But if Luo Zheng were to stop collecting Fantasy Points, he would probably fall down by thousands or even tens of thousands of ranks in just a few hours. This was because the other martial artists weren't idling around either. Every martial artist was doing their best to climb up the ranks!
After entering this strange space, Luo Zheng's gaze swept across the map below. After choosing a main city, he once again descended into it!
Whoosh …
As Luo Zheng fell all the way down, he landed heavily on the ground. What entered his eyes was a stretch of emerald green.
On the towering trees that reached into the clouds, there were many treehouses surrounded by greenery. The city walls were formed by rows of intertwined roots of the old trees. Dense vitality was injected into the city walls …
"The main city of the Fiend Night Clan?" Luo Zheng's eyes flashed slightly.
It didn't matter to Luo Zheng what race it was. In any case, he only had one goal, and that was to collect Fantasy Points.
However, Luo Zheng didn't expect to meet an old acquaintance in this city.
＝＝＝＝＝