The two main cities that Luo Zheng had been to had different situations.
In truth, it was also related to the personalities and habits of the various races …
The Demon Race was naturally aggressive. Since they had entered the Illusion Battlefield, they had completely unleashed their bestial nature and fought fiercely against each other.
On the other hand, the human race was in a state of 'centralization'. For example, in Ji Luoxue's main city, although there were small fights between the cultivators, most of the Fantasy Points were taken by Ji Luoxue's eight subordinates, and the Fantasy Points obtained by her subordinates were given to Ji Luoxue.
She was the true City Lord. Everyone could challenge each other, but they all had to 'pay' to her.
There was a certain amount of order in the human race's main cities, but this order was maintained under Ji Luoxue's high pressure. If not for Ji Luoxue, the human race's main cities would have also entered a state of chaotic fighting.
However, the main city of the Yao Night Clan was completely in a state of order!
The Yao Night Clan was originally a race that obeyed order. There were very few conflicts between the clansmen, and they were usually united against outsiders.
There were not many Yao Night Clan cultivators in the main city. Nearly half of the Yao Night Clan cultivators had left the main city to explore the boundless wilderness outside the main city. They killed the monsters in the wilderness to obtain Fantasy Points.
Of course, the Yao Night Clan would also challenge each other. However, they would only fight outside the city after the other party agreed. Outsiders would definitely not participate, nor would they suddenly attack …
Seeing how orderly they were, Luo Zheng felt that it wasn't appropriate for him to directly go up and obtain Fantasy points.
Although there were large numbers of Yao Night Clan cultivators roaming outside the city, they were not too wary of Luo Zheng. However, in an orderly environment, people would involuntarily follow order.
There were very few Demon Race and Human Race cultivators going in and out of the city. However, they also followed the rules and did not randomly steal other people's Fantasy Points.
"It seems that I've come to the wrong place …"
Luo Zheng revealed a depressed expression. The Teleportation Token's greatest use was to allow him to teleport between the various main cities.
Under such circumstances, Luo Zheng only needed to constantly switch between main cities and harvest the experts in those main cities to obtain a considerable amount of Fantasy Points.
However, most of the cultivators in the main city of the Fiend Night Clan had gone out to hunt Vicious Beasts in the wilderness, so they didn't have many Fantasy Points. Or it could be said that most of the Fantasy Points were spread out among the cultivators and weren't gathered together …
Luo Zheng found a corner and once again took out the teleportation token. At this moment, this white jade teleportation token was still shrouded in a layer of black aura.
Luo Zheng shook his head. "This Teleportation Token can't be used continuously. After using it once, it needs to wait for the black aura to disperse before it can be used again. Now, even if we want to leave, we can't."
However, he remembered that there were two other cities to the north and northwest of this main city. Those two cities weren't far from here, so he should be able to rush over with some time.
Thinking of this, Luo Zheng didn't stay here any longer. He left the city gate and headed north …
He hoped that the main city in the north was a city of the Demon Race or some other race. Only places where the battle was more intense would have more Fantasy Points!
However, just as Luo Zheng left the city, he discovered that there were many cultivators gathered at the side of the main city!
Most of them were cultivators from the Fiend Night Clan. In addition, there were two or three human cultivators mixed in with them. They stood there and looked into the distance as if they were waiting for something.
This matter didn't have much to do with Luo Zheng. The strength of these cultivators was ordinary. Even if he killed them all, he would only be able to obtain twenty to thirty thousand Fantasy Points. If he attacked, he would probably be surrounded and attacked by them.
After thinking about it, Luo Zheng prepared to leave.
However, just as Luo Zheng was about to leave, he saw three streaks of light fly over. They were three cultivators from the Fiend Night Clan.
"There is a forest eight thousand miles away from the north gate. There are many iron-scaled spiders living in the forest. Killing one iron-scaled spider will give you 80 fantasy points. It is recommended that 20 martial artists form a party and travel there …"
After the Fiend Night Clan cultivators finished speaking, the cultivators gathered together and formed a group to head into the forest to kill the Iron Scale Spiders.
"This … is this still the Illusory Battlefield?"
When he saw this harmonious scene, Luo Zheng suddenly realized that his understanding of the Illusory Battlefield was somewhat narrow.
If the Illusory Battlefield was purely a battle between cultivators, there would be countless arenas set up for hundreds of millions of cultivators to fight.
The Illusory Battlefield was divided into fifty great worlds. Apart from the various main cities, there was still a vast space for people to explore.
Previously, when Luo Zheng was outside the Demon Race's city, didn't he rely on the Heavenly Mouse to obtain a lot of Fantasy Points?
Logically speaking, in this vast world, there should be countless secret places for cultivators to explore …
There were many ways to obtain Fantasy Points. The cultivators from the Fiend Night Clan clearly used another method. They divided up the work and cooperated to continuously explore this space, which also allowed them to accumulate a lot of Fantasy Points.
What Luo Zheng didn't know was that there was a cultivator ranked ninety-seventh on the leaderboard who had entered the top one hundred without killing a single person.
It wasn't that this person was weak. On the contrary, this person's strength didn't lose to the geniuses of the various clans at all. It was just that from the very beginning, he had been exploring outside the main city and had killed a large number of Vicious Beasts. There were even a few extremely powerful Divine Beasts among them. Naturally, the number of Fantasy Points he obtained was considerable!
The three cultivators from the Fiend Night Clan who had appeared just now had been exploring outside the main city. After discovering their target, they had returned to gather the other cultivators.
The Iron Scale Spider wasn't considered a very powerful Vicious Beast, so there were many cultivators who responded. Nearly half of the cultivators who had gathered were willing to go. Only a small portion of the cultivators remained silent, as if they didn't care about the eighty Fantasy Points.
The second cultivator from the Fiend Night Clan continued, "In the northwest, thirteen thousand kilometers away, there is an abandoned tower. There are many evil creatures in the tower. I killed the Shining Shadow Evil Spirit on the lowest floor and obtained three hundred Fantasy Points … We need at least nine people to go together. This tower has a total of seven floors."
The Shining Shadow Evil Spirit on the first floor was worth three hundred Fantasy Points. Without a doubt, this abandoned tower was much more difficult than the forest.
"I'll go!"
"I …"
"I'll go too!"
Even so, there were still many cultivators who were willing to go together. The two human cultivators also expressed their willingness to go together.
Luo Zheng also revealed an expression of interest …
In a situation where he couldn't use the Teleportation Token, he had originally planned to head to the two cities in the north. If he followed them to this abandoned tower, it wouldn't be a bad idea.
Thinking of this, Luo Zheng also decided to join this group.
But before Luo Zheng could say anything, the third cultivator from the Fiend Night Clan spoke again.
"In the north, twenty-four thousand kilometers away, there is a Withered Tree Gate that requires emergency rescue. If you are willing to join and successfully rescue Liu Yu and Aizen, you will receive a share of Fantasy Points. This share is worth five hundred thousand Fantasy Points!"
Many of the cultivators present were moved when they heard the Yao Night Clan cultivator's words.
Five hundred thousand Fantasy Points was a lot for many cultivators. This was enough for them to enter the top ten million in the Dream Battlefield!
But this Withered Tree Gate was a very dangerous place. Why would they need emergency rescue?
One cultivator asked, "Didn't Aizen and Liu Yu lead the elites of the main cities? Did they fail? "
"No." The cultivator shook his head, "They didn't fail. They were just ambushed by another group. Most of them were demons. Aizen and Liu Yu are trapped in the Withered Tree Gate. The situation is very dangerous!"
"Demons again!"
"A despicable race that only knows how to plunder …"
"I'm willing to go to the Withered Tree Gate!"
It wasn't that the Fiend Night Clan didn't have the strength to plunder other people's Fantasy Points. It was just that this race didn't like to fight or expand.
This was why this powerful race only occupied three hundred great worlds in the upper realm. Their territory didn't match their strength!