When Luo Zheng ascended, Liu Yu probably hadn't.
However, the Ascension Passage had been repaired at that time, so there shouldn't have been any obstacles to ascension. That was why the Great Thousand World welcomed a wave of ascension.
Many Divine Ocean Realm cultivators in the lower realms chose to ascend.
Later, Luo Zheng searched through the memories of the Great Thousand World, but he couldn't find any trace of Liu Yu on the Sea God Continent. She probably chose to ascend.
After all, Liu Yu's talent wasn't bad. Although she only stood in the second row of the Talent Stele, the Demi-Immortal Clan had gathered geniuses from many different clans. Even in the upper realms, Liu Yu's talent was quite good.
However, the upper realms were so vast that even Luo Zheng couldn't find any trace of her.
Now that he suddenly heard the name Liu Yu, Luo Zheng's eyes flashed.
"Is this Liu Yu the same person as her?"
There were so many Divine Ocean Realm cultivators, so it was inevitable that there would be people with the same name.
However, the Withered Tree Gate's direction was the same as Luo Zheng's route. What's more, the Withered Tree Gate offered five hundred thousand fantasy points!
Even Luo Zheng, who had several million fantasy points, was tempted.
However, because the reward was so high, the difficulty must be quite high as well. Not to mention that they had to face another team. There shouldn't be many cultivators who were qualified.
"Take me with you. I'm willing to help Aizen and Liu Yu!" A cultivator stepped forward and said sincerely.
The woman from the Yao Night Clan glanced at the cultivator and shook her head. "You … aren't strong enough. You'll only be wasting the fantasy points you've worked so hard to accumulate."
"I …" The cultivator's face reddened.
The woman didn't care about the cultivator's embarrassment. She glanced around and asked, "Who else thinks he's strong enough to come with me?"
"Me!"
A male cultivator from the Yao Night Clan jumped down from the city wall.
This cultivator was dressed in a pitch-black hedgehog robe, and a confident look appeared on his face. After leaving the city wall, he flew towards them.
The woman sized him up for a moment before she nodded, "You can do it!"
"Me too." A long-haired woman from the Nightfiend clan walked out from the crowd. She had red hair and seemed to be brimming with vitality. She carried a dark green bow on her back, and her bowstring radiated with the vigorous energy of the Laws of Life. It was extremely eye-catching.
Not long after, three Demon Night Clan cultivators chose to join.
Luo Zheng, who had been observing from the side for a long time, also slowly walked over and said loudly, "Can I participate?"
As soon as Luo Zheng said that, many Demon Night Clan cultivators looked at Luo Zheng.
The woman from the Demon Night Clan sized Luo Zheng up, and a trace of caution appeared on her face …
Although Luo Zheng didn't release his aura, he didn't conceal it either. After sizing him up, she could faintly sense that this human cultivator wasn't simple.
At the very least, she couldn't see through Luo Zheng's strength at all. A cultivator who could do this was definitely not simple.
"Human cultivator, what kind of joke is this? The Withered Tree Gate is a secret area that belongs to our Yao Night Clan. Other clans can't enter!"
"I also object. We don't need other clans' cultivators. Moreover, we still have to fight against the Demon Race this time …"
Several Demon Night Clan cultivators voiced their objections at the same time.
In this endless wilderness, there were also countless secret areas, just like the cave that Luo Zheng had entered before. After passing through the Inner Courtyard of the Eighteen Arhats, one would be able to obtain an extremely powerful item like the Teleportation Token.
The Withered Tree Gate was the same. Although it was extremely difficult to enter, one could obtain a large number of Fantasy Points from it!
Moreover, these secret areas could be entered repeatedly. As long as one's strength was enough, they could enter the Withered Tree Gate again and again to obtain Fantasy Points …
In fact, Luo Zheng's Teleportation Token could be obtained repeatedly as well.
However, one of these functional items was enough. After all, entering the cave required 300,000 Fantasy Points.
The Withered Tree Gate was firmly controlled by the Yao Night Clan of this main city. How could they easily give it to other clans?
However, this time, the Demon Race had set their sights on it, so they had no choice but to return to the city and ask for help!
When he saw the Yao Night Clan cultivators' objections, Luo Zheng's expression fell silent. He had already made up his mind.
Regardless of whether that person was Liu Yu or not, Luo Zheng would still head to the Withered Tree Gate to see what was going on.
If the Yao Night Clan cultivators didn't agree, Luo Zheng would just follow them. He didn't believe that they could shake him off.
Just as he was thinking this, the female Yao Night Clan cultivator in the lead said, "Human cultivators can enter the Withered Tree Gate with us!"
When the other Yao Night Clan cultivators heard this, they immediately objected!
"Didn't we agree before? The Withered Tree Gate is exclusively controlled by our Yao Night Clan. In fact, we were the first to discover it! "
"Why should we allow an outsider to enter?"
"If you bring this human cultivator with you, Aizen will definitely blame you!"
Hearing the objections, the female Yao Night Clan cultivator in the lead shook her head. She had returned from the Withered Tree Gate, so she naturally knew how serious the situation was.
If this human cultivator in front of her could come with them, he would be a great help.
"If Aizen blames us, I will take responsibility." The female Yao Night Clan cultivator walked towards Luo Zheng with a resolute expression and said, "My name is Bai Wei! I welcome you to join us! "
Luo Zheng smiled and nodded at Bai Wei. "Luo Tianxing."
When they saw that they couldn't stop Luo Zheng from joining them, the Yao Night Clan cultivators were extremely displeased.
"Why did you let a random human cultivator join us? I don't know what you're thinking, Bai Wei!"
"This brat is most likely a burden. Why bother bringing a burden to the Withered Tree Gate?"
When he heard this, Bai Wei coldly said to the Yao Night Clan cultivator, "If this brat is a burden, why are you afraid of him entering the Withered Tree Gate?"
Since he was a burden, he was definitely not strong enough. Even if he entered the gate, he would be easily killed …
When he heard Bai Wei's question, the Yao Night Clan cultivator was speechless and didn't say anything else.
As for Luo Zheng, he stood to the side with a faint smile on his face. He didn't say a word.
After fifteen minutes, Bai Wei had recruited seven cultivators from outside the main city. Only Luo Zheng was a human. The other six were all from the Yao Night Clan. Moreover, they were all outstanding members of the Yao Night Clan and were all extraordinarily strong.
Then, under Bai Wei's lead, the eight of them headed north.
Along the way, when the six Yao Night Clan cultivators glanced at Luo Zheng, there was a trace of disdain and vigilance on their faces.
Even though the Yao Night Clan had a good relationship with the human race, they were still a foreign race. It was inevitable for them to be vigilant.
This was because the Yao Night Clan was tolerant. If it were the Demon Race or the human race, they would have already fought with Luo Zheng. How could they possibly bring Luo Zheng along?
Whoosh whoosh …
The eight of them were flying rapidly in the air!
The speed of a Divine Sea Realm cultivator was extremely fast. 24,000 miles was extremely far for an ordinary person, but for a Divine Sea Realm cultivator, it was just a short distance. It should be known that when Luo Zheng was in the One Thought Sealed Tower, he had traveled almost 40,000 miles …
Four quarters of an hour later …
Withered trees began to appear in the wilderness below.
These trees had completely withered and were all alone in the ground. They were like lifeless tree stumps.
"These trees … seem to contain vitality," Luo Zheng said as he stared at the trees.
Bai Wei had been flying beside Luo Zheng. When he heard this, he smiled and said, "Yes, these trees have all become spirits. If you enter this forest, they will rise from the ground and attack."
"Is that so?" Luo Zheng's eyes flashed.
"However, although there are many of these Withered Tree Spirits, the reward is too little. Killing one Withered Tree Spirit only gives you two Fantasy Points," Bai Wei added.
"So that's how it is …" Luo Zheng was still thinking that with so many Withered Wood Spirits below, wouldn't the entire ground be filled with Fantasy Points? He didn't expect that the reward for killing these Withered Wood Spirits was too little. Two Fantasy Points … Even if he killed tens of thousands of Withered Wood Spirits, it would only be 20,000 Fantasy Points.