These two huge withered trees towered into the clouds, and a huge whirlpool appeared between them.
At this moment, Bai Wei led the charge and warned them, "Once you enter that vortex, you'll enter the Withered Tree Door. But be careful, the Withered Tree Door will attack you!"
Before she could finish her sentence, the two huge withered trees suddenly started to shake!
"Cough cough cough cough cough …."
The two giant trees started to shake, and the branches of the trees started to shake violently as well.
From afar, the giant withered tree seemed to move very slowly. However, when Bai Wei led the group closer, the withered branches whipped towards them at an extremely fast speed. Furthermore, the withered branches shimmered with a mysterious dark green light. It was the power of the Laws of Life!
"Whoosh whoosh ~ ~ ~"
The branches whipped towards them, and they were accompanied by a sharp whistling sound. Even space itself was trembling, so one could only imagine the power contained within them.
"Be careful!"
Compared to the giant Withered Wood Spirit, these eight martial artists were like eight tiny flies, constantly shuttling back and forth between the withered branches!
"Whoosh ~ ~ ~"
Accompanied by a whistling sound, a thick branch whipped towards Luo Zheng.
Facing the whip of the withered branch, Luo Zheng just lowered his body slightly and bypassed it from below.
However, as soon as he dodged the branch, 3 more branches whipped towards him from above, below, and above ….
Even though the branches were powerful, Luo Zheng didn't use the Drifting Smoke Technique. Instead, he used the Chasing Cloud movement technique to quickly pass through the gaps between the branches. Luo Zheng was able to deal with such an attack with ease.
However, right at this moment, a muffled groan sounded out. It was the woman from the Fiendnight Clan who carried the green longbow on her back who had been struck by a branch!
"Slap!"
The woman from the Demon Night Clan fainted from the impact, causing her to tumble about in the air.
Before the woman with the longbow could land on the ground, 3 more branches stretched out from nearby, and they actually wrapped around the woman and pulled her towards the Withered Tree Spirit.
Bai Wei's face froze when he saw this, and he shouted loudly, "Save her!"
At this moment, the two Demon Night Clan cultivators beside him charged towards the longbow-wielding woman from the left and right, trying to rescue her from the withered branch.
However, just as they rushed forward, ten withered branches appeared in front of them and forcefully forced them to retreat!
Even though the other cultivators from the Fiendnight Clan wanted to help, they were too far away ….
The members of the Fiendnight Clan revealed gloomy expressions. They'd come to rescue the woman, but they hadn't even entered the Withered Tree Door, and one of them was already dead.
Even though they wouldn't really die in the Illusory Battlefield, they'd come to rescue. So the more, the better.
"Sigh …."
At this moment, the members of the Fiendnight Clan members of the Fiendnight Clan.
Then, they saw a person turn into a black line and dash toward the longbow-wielding woman at an extremely fast speed!
"Luo Tianxing, it's useless! Come back quickly! "Bai Wei advised.
The branches of the Withered Tree Spirit were of different lengths, and the closer one got to the Withered Tree Spirit, the more branches there were!
Before entering the Withered Tree Door, everyone had tried their best to stay between the two giant Withered Tree Spirits. That way, they could avoid most of the branches ….
Even though the Withered Tree Spirit looked old and mottled, it was actually quite intelligent. It had purposely dragged a person away without killing him in order to lure other cultivators to save him. That way, it would be able to kill even more cultivators!
The first time they'd entered the Withered Tree Door, one of the members of the Fiendnight Clan had been dragged into the Withered Tree Spirit as well. After that, because they'd tried to save each other, they'd all been wiped out. Everyone had left half of their Illusory Points in the Withered Tree Door before being sent back to the main city.
That was why when the woman with the longbow had been dragged into the Withered Tree Spirit, Bai Wei had called for someone to save her. However, now that she'd been dragged into the Withered Tree Spirit, Bai Wei had tried to stop Luo Zheng from saving her.
However, Luo Zheng turned a deaf ear to Bai Wei's words and continued charging forward!
"Hu hu hu hu …."
When Luo Zheng approached the woman with the longbow, countless whistling sounds could be heard. Fifty to sixty branches flew towards Luo Zheng.
"Ka ka ka …."
All the branches wrapped around Luo Zheng and the woman with the longbow in an instant, wrapping the two of them tightly. It was like a giant cocoon made of branches!
As the branches shrank, the giant cocoon slowly shrank back towards the Withered Tree Spirit's main body.
"This human cultivator is an idiot. I told him not to save her, but he still foolishly charged forward!" a member of the Fiendnight Clan said expressionlessly.
"He's not bad, but he's a little stupid …."
"He's not of much use anyway. He can only be considered a burden. It's good that he left. He probably doesn't have many Illusory Points, so it's not a pity if he dies."
Bai Wei looked at the giant cocoon with a complicated expression. She had a faint premonition that this person wouldn't die because of this!
Her premonition was relatively accurate. When she first saw Luo Zheng, she felt that he wasn't ordinary. Although she couldn't estimate Luo Zheng's true strength, she felt that he was at least as strong as Liu Yu. Of course, he definitely couldn't compare to Aizen ….
Would he really be sent back to the main city like this?
However, just as Bai Wei thought this, she heard a faint sound.
"Ka …."
This sound came from the giant cocoon.
"Ka ka ka …."
The sound grew louder and louder, but she didn't know what was happening inside.
"Boom!"
She heard a loud sound!
The wooden cocoon formed by the withered branches instantly exploded. Then Bai Wei saw Luo Tianxing grab the longbow-wielding woman and run towards them!
Bai Wei's eyes widened when she saw this scene. She almost forgot to dodge when a withered branch came whipping at her.
This guy ….
Don't underestimate these branches. Although they looked like ordinary branches, the rich power of the Law of Life gave them unimaginable toughness.
Swords and blades couldn't break them, water and fire couldn't hurt them. Even an ordinary Divine Weapon wouldn't be easy to cut open one of these branches.
Just now, Luo Tianxing and the longbow-woman were wrapped in layers of branches. It was almost impossible for them to break free. Aizen was also entangled and couldn't break free.
But Luo Zheng only used two or three breaths of time to break free from the cocoon. How could Bai Wei not be surprised?
The other Demon Night Clan cultivators were the same ….
Just a breath ago, they were still mocking Luo Zheng, but then something so incredible happened. For a moment, their expressions were very unnatural.
"Whoosh whoosh whoosh ~"
Sharp whistling sounds surrounded Luo Zheng's ears.
He held the longbow woman in his arms, but his expression was still calm. Facing the branches whipping towards him, Luo Zheng didn't dodge. Instead, he punched out whenever a branch came close!
"Pa!"
Following a series of crisp sounds, the withered branches were shattered by Luo Zheng's attack.
With Luo Zheng's strength, he could easily tear apart these two giant branches with his bare hands ….
It's just that these two branches originally formed the Withered Tree Gate. He was afraid that if he tore them apart, the gate would disappear, so he suppressed this idea in his heart.
As for these branches, why would Luo Zheng care about them?
"Continue to rush over! Let's go! " Bai Wei was shocked, but she also understood that she chose the right person. This person's strength was much stronger than she imagined!
It seems that Aizen and Liu Yu's predicament can be solved!
But Luo Tianxing is an outsider. Will he lead the human race to take over the Withered Tree Gate?
At this time, Bai Wei's heart was filled with both joy and worry ….
The Withered Tree Gate is indeed a holy land for collecting fantasy points. Aizen and Liu Yu used this gate to enter the top three thousand of this year's Fantasy Gathering. No matter who it is, this place is very important.
But since she brought Luo Zheng here, she had no choice but to let him do as he wished.
But since this person was willing to save her Demon Night Clan member, his character is good. Now she can only pin her hopes on him.
(Thanks to Kang He, Zidian, Yan Zhiwan, Zhuo Han, White Wedding Only Wants To Be With You, Qi Qie, Yao Luoxing, Shanshan, Pi Yancong, Ying, Zhuo Bei, Chenxi, Xing Fa, Meow Planet, and Xiaofeng's dumplings! ^ _ ^)
＝＝＝＝＝