They didn't waste any more time and entered the giant whirlpool between the two Withered Tree Spirits.
After passing through the whirlpool, they were safe for the time being.
Bai Wei took the longbow-wielding woman from Luo Zheng's arms and pulled out a long green arrow from the quiver on her back.
After changing the direction of the arrow, Bai Wei held the end of the arrow and stabbed it towards the longbow-wielding woman's forehead.
Luo Zheng was slightly taken aback when he saw this scene, but he soon understood what was going on.
The green arrow wasn't used to kill. Instead, it contained a powerful life force. Once it entered a cultivator's body, not only would it not harm them, it could even save them!
While Bai Wei was treating the longbow-wielding woman, the other cultivators from the Demon Night Clan were carefully sizing up Luo Zheng.
Just how strong was this person to be able to escape from the two Withered Tree Spirits so easily?
Their gazes contained traces of reverence. When they thought about what they had said, they felt a lingering fear.
Not to mention anything else, if they really angered this person, none of them from the Demon Night Clan would be able to survive.
After the green arrow pierced the longbow-wielding woman's forehead, ten breaths of time passed before she slowly regained consciousness.
When she woke up, a puzzled expression appeared on her face.
Previously, she had fainted after being whipped by the Withered Tree Spirits. Before she fainted, she knew that she would definitely die this time.
When she woke up again, she should have returned to the main city to revive.
She never expected that when she woke up, she would discover that she had entered the Withered Tree Gate. When she looked at her surroundings and Bai Wei, she felt as if she had just had an unbelievable dream.
When Bai Wei noticed the longbow-wielding woman's expression, he said, "It was that human cultivator who saved you."
"A human cultivator …" The longbow-wielding woman was startled. Her gaze fell on Luo Zheng with a trace of gratitude.
When he saw the longbow-wielding woman's grateful gaze, Luo Zheng only nodded slightly. However, he was sizing up the world behind the Withered Tree Gate.
In front of Luo Zheng was an extremely majestic and thick giant tree. Based on initial estimation, the diameter of this giant tree trunk was several hundred miles wide. Its height was even more difficult to estimate because one couldn't see the top at a glance!
When Bai Wei saw Luo Zheng's gaze, he took the initiative to explain, "This tree is the Ancient Divine Tree of the Ancient Sorcerer Tribe. It has 13 branches, and my people from the Demon Night Clan are trapped on the ninth branch......"
The Ancient Divine Ancient Sorcerer tribe?
The Ancient Sorcerer Tree Spirits was in the Ancient Sorcerer Tree Spirit in the Ancient Sorcerer tribe.....
....... and the Divine Ancient Divine Sorcerer tribe.
In other words, the Illusory Battlefield should be a collection of all the Ancient Sorcerer Tree Spirits in the universe.
However, the items obtained from each Ancient Sorcerer Tree Spirit were different. Luo Zheng didn't obtain a single Fantasy Point in the Ancient Sorcerer Tree Spirit. Instead, 300,000 Fantasy Points were deducted.
Luo Zheng's Fantasy Points weren't deducted from the Divine Ancient Divine Tree. According to Bai Wei, he could obtain a large number of Fantasy Points from the Ancient Sorcerer Tree.
"Then let's go up." Luo Zheng didn't want Liu Yu to be sent back to the main city when he came here.
Bai Wei nodded. He took the lead and flew up into the sky.
Luo Zheng naturally followed closely behind him. The other members of the Demon Night Clan also flew up..
Luo Zheng's speed wasn't slow. However, after flying up for an entire hour, all he saw was the bare trunk of the Divine Ancient Divine Tree.
According to Bai Wei, the Divine Ancient Divine Tree had a total of 13 branches. After flying up for an hour, they were at least a few million feet in height. However, they still hadn't seen a single branch. How tall was the Divine Ancient Divine Tree?
The higher they went, the more clouds there were. Even the nearby tree trunk was hidden in the clouds, making it difficult to see clearly.
Bai Wei, who was leading the way, slowed down slightly and reminded them. "Everyone, be careful. There should be Amberwood Voodoo Parasites further up. Remember to avoid the venom of the Amberwood Voodoo Parasites!"
Everyone's hearts shook when they heard Bai Wei's words, and they became more vigilant.
Not long after Bai Wei finished speaking, protruding tumors appeared on the bare tree trunk. When they passed by, countless cracks appeared on the surface of one of the tumors.
"Pa!"
With a crisp sound, a black, pointy-horned insect shot out from the tree tumor.
The pointy-horned insect spread its wings, and with a buzzing sound, it rushed towards the group!
The several Demon Night Clan cultivators didn't think much of it at first. This was because the massive tree trunk gave them a strange impression that the pointy-horned insect wasn't that big.
As the pointy-horned insect rapidly approached, they discovered that this pitch-black insect was ten feet long. To ordinary cultivators, it was a massive creature!
"This is the Amberwood Voodoo Parasite. Everyone, speed up and get rid of this thing!" Bai Wei said, and his speed increased even more …
Even if Bai Wei hadn't warned them, no one would be willing to face this terrifying insect. Even if the Amberwood Voodoo Parasite was only the size of a palm, it was enough to make one's hair stand on end. Moreover, this insect was so huge!
"Whoosh whoosh whoosh …"
The several streaks of light that surrounded the Divine Ancient Divine Tree rapidly increased in speed.
"Pa, pa pa …"
With a series of explosions, more and more Amberwood Voodoo Parasites followed under their feet.
"What do we do? It seems we can't get rid of these Amberwood Voodoo Parasites!" A Demon Night Clan cultivator said.
To his surprise, Bai Wei's expression was very calm. "We couldn't get rid of them to begin with. The Withered Tree Door has been opened three times, and even Lord Aizen and Liu Yu couldn't get rid of them!"
"Then … how did they climb to the top of the Divine Ancient Divine Tree?" Luo Zheng asked.
"Someone has to make a sacrifice. Every time we climb a tree, someone has to be sacrificed." Bai Wei's eyes narrowed slightly, then fell on the black-robed Demon Night Clan cultivator.
This Demon Night Clan cultivator was flying at full speed, and his speed was probably second only to Luo Zheng and Bai Wei. When he saw Bai Wei looking at him, his expression changed. "What do you mean? Bai Wei, are you planning on making me …"
Bai Wei nodded. "These Amberwood Voodoo Parasites are easy to lure. Spark, go down!"
"I don't want to!" The Demon Night Clan cultivator called Spark shook his head. "I came here to help Lord Aizen! Why should I … "
"Hmph, your death would be the greatest help to Lord Aizen!" Bai Wei said coldly.
"Why don't you let this guy die!" Spark pointed at Luo Zheng. "He's an outsider!"
Being pointed at by Spark, Luo Zheng's eyes flashed, but he didn't say anything.
These Amberwood Voodoo Parasites should be highly poisonous, but Luo Zheng wasn't afraid. After all, he had a Divine Artifact body and was impervious to all poisons. He shouldn't have a problem dealing with this poison.
If Luo Zheng attracted the Amberwood Voodoo Parasites and then retreated, he could do the same.
But Luo Zheng wasn't happy to hear this. Since he was an outsider, what did the Demon Night Clan cultivator's life and death have to do with him? What's more, Luo Zheng only cared about Liu Yu. After all, Liu Yu helped him a lot back in the Seagod Continent.
Bai Wei's face darkened at Spark's words. He said coldly, "If you go down and attract the Amberwood Voodoo Parasites, I will report to Lord Aizen and make up for your lost Fantasy Points. Otherwise …"
Although there weren't many fights in the Demon Night Clan's main city, if someone disrupted the order, the consequences would be tragic.
Spark's face showed a trace of hesitation, but in the end, he clenched his teeth and swooped down.
"Swoosh swoosh swoosh swoosh …"
As it flew downwards, an orange light flickered around it. Within that light, countless long spears with majestic auras shot out.
The hundreds of Amberwood Voodoo Parasites that followed them were attracted by Spark's attack. They gathered together and rushed towards him.
"Die!"
Naturally, Spark was very unwilling to be forced to die. In his anger, he attacked the Amberwood Voodoo Parasites without restraint.