The black venom contained an extremely strong corrosive property!
In the blink of an eye, the protective orange light protecting Spark was completely corroded.
Then, everyone heard a violent roar coming from below!
Although one would not really die in the Illusory Battlefield, the physical pain was real. It was not a good experience to be corroded to death by the venom.
Everyone's hearts trembled slightly when they heard the sound.
"Let's leave quickly. After this, we should be able to reach the first branch!" Bai Wei reminded them.
Seeing Spark's miserable state, they did not stop at all, for fear that the Evil Bug Wood would catch up with them again …
Not long after, Luo Zheng's eyes flickered with a faint green light. Through the white fog, he saw a thick branch!
Just a single branch was enough to hold an entire city!
The Ancient Sorcerer Tribe was an extremely powerful tribe in ancient times, and the Great Toona Sacred Tree was the Holy Land of the Ancient Sorcerer Tribe.
The Great Sorcerer of the Sorcerer Tribe was also a Celestial Master. One of the Great Sorcerer Tribe's Great Sorcerer Tribe controlled the strongest Will of Heaven in the universe, the Sorcerer Incantation Killing Thought!
This Will of Heaven was the strongest, and it was an existence that made people's hair stand on end.
It was said that the Great Sorcerer who controlled this Will of Heaven only needed to know the other party's name and appearance to create a Will of Heaven in his mind and kill the other party in his imagination!
In other words, if Luo Zheng controlled this Will of Heaven, after seeing someone, he only needed to imagine himself killing that person in his mind, and that person would be killed!
The imagination of living creatures was boundless. Who could resist such a terrifying Will of Heaven?
This was really a method that could kill people with just a thought …
However, for some unknown reason, the Ancient Sorcerer Tribe had suddenly disappeared from the universe, and not even a trace of them could be found!
The Ancient Sorcerer Tribe, which had originally controlled thousands of Great Worlds, had been a colossal existence in the Ancient Times. However, the entire Sorcerer Tribe had mysteriously disappeared, and no trace of this tribe could be found in any of the Holy Lands … This matter could be considered a strange occurrence in this era, and until now, it had remained a huge mystery!
"We can go up directly. Why are we still on this tree?" Luo Zheng asked after stepping on the huge tree.
Bai Wei shook his head and said, "It's not that easy. Starting from the first tree trunk, it contains an extremely powerful curse. If you don't follow the path on the tree trunk and fly directly up, you will explode and die! No exceptions! "
The first time they opened the Dead Tree Gate, even Aizen himself exploded. Later on, they learned that the Great Toon Heavenly Tree wasn't something that could be casually climbed.
Under Bai Wei's guidance, they walked along the trunk for a while, but they didn't encounter any danger …
"Master Aizen and the others have already gone up. The trouble on the tree should have been dealt with. The next time the door opens, the beasts and insects will appear again," Bai Wei explained.
Without any difficulties or obstacles, the speed at which everyone advanced was naturally extremely fast.
Not long after, the group arrived at the end of the tree trunk. There was an ancient wooden plate at the end of the tree trunk, and on the wooden plate, fist-sized skulls were neatly arranged. These skulls were so small that they did not belong to an adult, but rather to a baby's head …
Coming to this conclusion, Luo Zheng couldn't help but frown.
The Ancient Sorcerer Tribe gave people a very strange feeling. It could even be said that they were disgusting.
"Step on the wooden plate and the curse will be broken. This is an ancient ritual of the Witch Tribe," Bai Wei said. He was the first to step on the wooden plate.
When Luo Zheng and the others stepped on the wooden plate, it began to slowly rotate. At the same time, the small skulls began to open and close their mouths, making "cough cough cough cough" sounds.
They were all warriors of the Spirit Sea Realm. With their powerful strength, they wouldn't be afraid even in the face of evil beings. However, this kind of sound still made their hair stand on end when they heard it echoing in this empty space.
Not long after, the wooden plate stopped spinning. Then, all the little skulls sank into silence.
Beneath everyone's feet, a faint light flickered, and these lights combined to form a series of profound words …
When the word appeared, Bai Wei said, "Okay, we can continue!"
It was these words that could break the curse on the top!
Everyone continued to climb.
Not long after, he encountered another tree trunk. He entered the tree trunk again, found the wooden plate, and obtained another line of words. Then, he went up again.
After repeating this process seven times, Luo Zheng and the others reached the seventh trunk!
Before Luo Zheng climbed up the tree trunk, he could already feel a strong aura coming from the tree trunk …
"We caught up to them!" At this moment, Bai Wei's face was filled with joy, "The Demon Race warriors didn't break Sir Aizen's Falling Leaf Array!"
What Bai Wei feared the most was that Aizen and the others were sent back to the main city by the Demon Race.
Luo Zheng raised his eyebrows slightly and suddenly turned into a streak of light. He drew an arc in the air and landed on the branch. Then, he stared ahead … …
…
At the end of the branch, Liu Yu held a thin sword. Her eyes glowed with vitality. Her entire body gave off a strange aura.
Since ascending, Liu Yu had been in despair.
She hadn't opened her eyes to see the vastness of the Upper Realm. She hadn't felt the violent energy of the world before she was thrown into prison by the Punishment King, never to see the light of day again.
But this time, the opening of the Dream Battlefield gave Liu Yu a chance!
She was like a prisoner who had been released from prison. She breathed in the air of freedom in this vast world.
However, Liu Yu also knew that the Dreamy Battlefield was just a stage. She could do whatever she wanted on this stage and compete with the warriors of the Divine Sea Realm. However, this stage would eventually come to an end. She would have to return to the prison and continue to suffer the pain of despair.
Liu Yu's outstanding performance and strength led to her being invited by Aizen as a companion.
When the Illusory Battlefield was activated, it was a projection of a cultivator's state before they entered the Illusory Battlefield. Liu Yu, who was imprisoned, did not even have a single weapon.
Her equipment was given to her by Aizen.
At first, when Aizen learned about Liu Yu's situation, he promised to give Liu Yu her freedom after the Dream Battlefield ended.
Aizen was a Sector Lord's successor of the Yao Night Clan. Her mother was a member of the Elder Council.
Aizen fell silent when he heard that the Punishment King was the one who had imprisoned Liu Yu and punished him with the Burning Cannon.
No one in the Yao Night Clan could fight against the Punishment King. A few years ago, even the head of the Elder Council was killed by the Punishment King!
But Liu Yu was happy that Aizen had such a plan. He was her only friend in the Upper World!
Liu Yu gave up her share of Dream Points and gave them all to Aizen. This was the only way Liu Yu could help her.
But this time, as soon as they set foot on the seventh tree, they were chased by a group of demons!
For the past few hours, they had relied on Aizen's Fallen Leaves Formation and Liu Yu's sharp sword skills to hold on.
In fact, even if she died, it wasn't a big deal. At the very least, this Dream Battlefield was a very happy memory for Liu Yu. She gripped her rapier and looked at Aizen controlling the Fallen Leaves Formation. She was unusually calm in the face of the Demon Race's attacks.
On the tree trunk, thumb-sized leaves were scattered in a certain pattern.
The edges of these leaves were like blades. If one wasn't careful, they could easily cut through one's Shield of Vital Essence and cut open one's body.
It was also because of the sharp leaves that blocked the attacks of these over ten fiend race martial artists!
All the demons were extremely irritable.
Once they stepped into the Fallen Leaves Formation, not only would they have to face the sharp leaves, but they would also have to face the Yao Night Clan girl's sword-light.