The demons in front of them were enraged.
After entering the Illusory Battlefield, these ten or so Demon Clan warriors had already plundered three cities.
Two of them were ranked in the top 500,000 in the Illusory Battlefield and in the top 10,000 in this great world!
By chance, they'd managed to enter the Withered Tree Gate!
But they didn't expect to encounter such a fierce resistance ….
After wasting several hours, they still couldn't break through the fallen leaves. They even lost two of their brothers, what the hell!
After the Demon Race cultivator roared, a giant shield appeared in his hand, "I'll charge in front, you guys follow me all the way. Brothers, let's do it in one go. I don't think these women can hold on any longer!"
"Let's go all out!"
"Fuck, what a waste of time. I wonder what kind of treasure is on top of this damned tree …."
The other demons responded as well. Unable to hold back, they gathered their strength and prepared to take down the enemy in one go.
A tall and slender woman from the Fiend Night Clan stood by Liu Yu's side!
She had a head full of sky blue hair, like the color of the sky was dyed on top of it ….
At this moment, Aizen's hand was surrounded by countless leaves. It looked like a bracelet made of leaves.
"Liu Yu …. I don't think he can hold on," Aizen said helplessly.
"It doesn't matter, we still have a chance to do it again." Liu Yu smiled faintly.
Aizen thought for a moment, then with a gentle wave of her finger, the edges of the leaves were dyed with a golden luster. "I like your optimistic attitude. If you can regain your freedom, you'll be able to shine even in the Yao Night Clan!"
Liu Yu smiled faintly. Aizen had said this many times already ….
Her assumption didn't exist. The Yao Night Clan didn't restrict their members too much, but the King's orders were ironclad.
Who told a nobody like her to offend the King of Punishment?
"Those filthy bastards are coming …."
"Then let's go …."
The two women from the Yao Night Clan had a resolute look on their faces.
Liu Yu did not care about the Fantasy Points. She only hoped that the time she spent in this Fantasy Space would slow down a little, just a little bit more...
The leading Demon Race cultivator carried a huge shield and was about to charge over.
A voice came from behind them. "Looks like we're not late!"
The Demon Clan cultivators were taken aback. They turned their heads and looked at Luo Zheng. They were all taken aback.
Human warriors?
How could a human martial artist appear here?
After Luo Zheng finished speaking, he walked over slowly with a smile on his face, as if he had turned a blind eye to these Demon Race cultivators.
"Bai Wei! She brought reinforcements, but what's up with that human martial artist? "
It wasn't just the Demons who were stunned. Even Aizen and the Yao Night clansmen behind him were puzzled.
There was an agreement in the main city that outsiders could not enter the Withered Tree Gate. What was Bai Wei thinking? It seemed that she was the one who brought this human martial artist ….
As for Liu Yu, her breathing suddenly became incomparably hurried when she saw Luo Zheng. The thin sword that flickered with a faint glow faintly trembled in the air. Her eyes were still filled with disbelief as she firmly locked onto Luo Zheng's figure.
In the prison, when she was being punished, Liu Yu often heard Luo Zheng's voice echoing throughout the universe.
This human youth had ascended at about the same time as her, but in just a few short years, he had already caused such a huge commotion. Liu Yu couldn't help but sigh.
When she first met Luo Zheng, this fellow was still a puny "Warrior" ….
In fact, Liu Yu also had a small hope in her heart.
She hoped that Luo Zheng would rise ….
She hoped that Kaoru would rise ….
That was the only way she could be rescued one day.
However, as time passed, Liu Yu also understood that she was already someone who had been forgotten.
The universe was so big.
Even a single great realm was unimaginably large.
Even if Luo Zheng really did rise one day, helping Kaoru ascend the throne, or even pushing Yao off her throne, so what?
Would Luo Zheng's attention be drawn to a prison in a corner of a great realm?
That was clearly impossible.
As soon as this thought crossed her mind, Liu Yu despaired.
She knew Luo Zheng was willing to help her, but the problem was that she couldn't leave the prison. How could she let Luo Zheng know?
When the Dream Battlefield opened, all the Divine Sea realm cultivators stood on it.
But Liu Yu never thought she'd have the chance to meet Luo Zheng.
The Dream Battlefield was divided into 50 great realms. The probability of her being in the same great realm as Luo Zheng was only one in fifty.
And there were countless main cities in a great realm. The entire Dream Battlefield had hundreds of millions of cultivators. The probability of meeting Luo Zheng by chance was almost negligible.
But such a negligible probability had appeared. Her meeting with Luo Zheng was originally a miracle!
She was overwhelmed with emotions. For a moment, she was so excited that she couldn't speak!
"Human Clan cultivator, get out of here. There's no place for you here!" a Devil Clan cultivator scolded.
Luo Zheng was still walking slowly. There was still a faint smile on his face ….
If these Devil Clan cultivators looked carefully, they would see that Luo Zheng's eyes didn't fall on them. Instead, he directly looked past them and met Liu Yu's eyes.
Luo Zheng didn't know how Liu Yu was doing recently.
In Luo Zheng's eyes, Liu Yu was an old friend. At least, she had helped him a lot on his journey to the Sea God Continent.
"Kill him," the Devil Clan cultivator with the giant shield decisively ordered. He felt a trace of evil from this Human Clan cultivator. This strange feeling made him faintly uneasy.
The leader of the Devil Clan cultivators, holding a mace, was the first to rush towards Luo Zheng!
The thick mace shone with a pitch-black metallic luster, and the sharp fangs on it were even more abnormally sharp!
The Demon Race martial artist gripped the spiked club with both hands, and the astral essence within his body exploded like an explosive. In that instant, the impact produced was terrifying. It was as if he wasn't wielding a spiked club, but a mountain!
"Not dodging?"
On the side of the Fallen Leaves Array, Aizen showed a touch of surprise. She couldn't understand the origin of this Human Clan cultivator at all.
Luo Zheng stretched out his hand, turned it into a knife, and chopped diagonally upwards!
This knife wasn't fast, it could even be said to be very slow. But the power it contained was unimaginable to any creature present!
"Peng!"
A dull sound was transmitted. The collision between Luo Zheng's knife and the mace wasn't surprising.
However, at this moment, the pupils of many cultivators widened. Almost at the same time, they sucked in a breath of cold air …
The thick mace was easily broken by Luo Zheng's knife.
Not only that, after the top half of the mace broke, it flew backward and turned into countless black fragments in the air. They scattered and formed a black drizzle on the tree trunk!
At the same time, the Devil Clan cultivator's hands that held the mace suddenly split open. Brown blood spurted out.
First, it was the area between his thumb and forefinger, then his entire palm, and then his arms. Soon, even his shoulders were shattered …
And the cause of all this was merely an ordinary palm blade.
Behind Luo Zheng, Bai Wei's eyes were like two stars rising! This guy's strength was still beyond her estimation!
As for Aizen, she came from a noble family, so her vision was extraordinary. After seeing this scene, her breathing became rapid, and at the same time, she felt a great threat!
She might have a chance against these Devil Clan cultivators, but after Aizen measured Luo Zheng's strength, she came to a very helpless conclusion. She was no match for this person.
＝＝＝＝＝