Aizen wanted to compare himself to Luo Zheng for the same reason as Bai Wei.
Warriors were always wary of those stronger than themselves. Sometimes, they would even be wary of their companions.
Besides, Aizen and Luo Zheng didn't know each other.
From the looks of things, Luo Zheng seemed to have been brought in by Bai Wei. But if he was so strong, why would he be willing to help her?
The Withered Tree Gate was a holy land for obtaining fantasy points. Every time one entered, they could obtain at least several million fantasy points. If this person was strong enough to occupy this place, the Yao Night Clan wouldn't be able to do anything.
From this point of view, it was natural for Aizen to be worried.
Luo Zheng's palm chop caused the hearts of all the Devil Race martial artists to tremble violently!
Although these Demon Race cultivators were irascible, their foresight wasn't bad. They knew they were on the verge of death.
There was only one path through this giant tree. One side was guarded by Luo Zheng while the other side was protected by the Fallen Leaves Formation. If they were surrounded, they would lose their last chance to resist.
"Let's kill this kid first!"
Making a prompt decision, the Demon Race cultivator with the giant shield on his shoulder rushed forward!
The other Demon Race martial artists also understood the situation they were about to face at the first moment, and they also moved!
These Demon Race cultivators were tall and sturdy. They were like small mountains as they rushed towards Luo Zheng ….
Bai Wei didn't lead the Yao Night Clan cultivators to follow. Her lips moved slightly as if she was communicating with Aizen.
Neither Bai Wei nor Aizen made a move.
As for Liu Yu ….
She simply looked at the youth in the distance.
When he first entered the Sea God Continent, he was still a young man. His body was slightly thin and he still looked a bit immature.
But now, Luo Zheng gave her a strong sense of confidence. These people in front of her could easily kill him ….
Someone who could defeat an Empyrean, how difficult would it be for him to deal with these Demon Race cultivators?
Since Liu Yu recognized Luo Zheng, he absolutely believed in his strength.
Boom ….
Accompanied by a violent explosion, the giant shield in the hands of the Demon Race cultivator at the front had already exploded!
And Luo Zheng's figure was like a ghost, constantly wandering around these Devil Clan martial artists.
Luo Zheng could slip through even the tiniest gap like a wisp of smoke. He kept a very close distance with the demon warrior as if he was sticking to the back of the demon warrior...
Then, he stretched out his hand and slapped the back of the Demon Race cultivator's neck!
"Pu!"
It was accompanied by a dull sound.
The leader of the Demon Race martial artists crashed to the ground, bursting into a ball of yellow dreamy light.
Before those dreamy light spots could enter Luo Zheng's body, Luo Zheng's figure circled around a large saber. He even stuck close to the edge of the saber and spiraled upwards, as if he wasn't afraid of being cut by the saber at all!
The moment he rushed forward, Luo Zheng's knee fiercely imprinted itself on the Demon Race martial artist's face …
Another ball of dreamy light spots exploded!
A sea of dreamy light spots crazily chased after Luo Zheng's figure, but they always maintained a distance of three inches from Luo Zheng!
The energy emitted by these dreamy light spots was almost negligible, but after Luo Zheng activated Eight Directional Flying Mist, his body was as light as a feather. It was also because these dreamy light spots were "boosting" behind Luo Zheng that his speed had more than doubled!
"Peng!"
"Pa —"
"Dong …."
Every time Luo Zheng shuttled back and forth, a muffled sound would erupt, and after each muffled sound, a Demon Race martial artist would fall.
The strength of these fallen Demon Race martial artists was not weak. The weakest among them was a core martial artist of a tenth-grade Holy Land. Because they were participating in the Illusory Battlefield, the weapons in their hands were at least second-grade divine artifacts, and there were even a few first-grade divine artifacts.
However, they were simply unable to catch Luo Zheng's ghostly figure. Even if they managed to catch a glimpse of Luo Zheng, he would be like a slippery loach that would float away in an instant!
If Luo Zheng was interested in fighting back, he would directly twist the divine artifacts in their hands into a pile of scrap metal!
This was a battle that was close to being toyed with. Even the spectators of the Fiend Night Clan felt a deep sense of powerlessness as they watched this scene — they would imagine themselves fighting against Luo Zheng, and after some simple mental calculations, they would quickly understand that they were no match for this person.
"Boom …."
The last Demon Race martial artist fell to the ground with a loud bang.
Luo Zheng's floating figure finally stabilized. At this moment, the dreamy light spots that had been chasing Luo Zheng all this time began to rapidly enter Luo Zheng's body!
"This group of dreamy light spots …" Luo Zheng's eyes flashed slightly. After completely absorbing the light spots, Luo Zheng suddenly opened his eyes and revealed a smile, "There are actually nearly a million of them!"
The strength of these Demon Race martial artists was actually inferior to the Demon Race's Dragon Bird.
However, as the Illusory Battlefield remained open for longer and longer, the dreamy light spots continued to converge on a small number of people. If Luo Zheng went to the main city of the Demon Race martial artists again, the points accumulated by the Fat Wolves would certainly be many times more than before.
Luo Zheng took less than thirty breaths of time to deal with these Demon Race martial artists.
Not far in front of Luo Zheng, the fallen leaves were still in place. The edges of the fallen leaves were suffused with a faint golden light, obviously unusually sharp.
When Luo Zheng's gaze swept past the fallen leaves and fixed on Aizen, he saw the vigilant look on Aizen's face ….
[So that's how it is, you didn't attack because you didn't trust me?]
Luo Zheng thought to himself, but he didn't care. After all, he had already found Liu Yu.
At this moment, all the Demon Night clansmen were nervous. Facing Luo Zheng like this, they had no power to resist.
The moment Luo Zheng took a step forward, all the fallen leaves rolled up at the same time, forming a mysterious fallen leaves array. These leaves made a soft rustling sound as they rolled on the ground. All the leaves maintained a single direction, facing Luo Zheng.
Although Aizen didn't speak, her warning was clear.
Luo Zheng didn't care at all and walked towards Aizen ….
"Don't come over," Aizen warned. Her True Qi spread out from her body as she stared at Luo Zheng with her pale blue eyes. Her fingers trembled slightly, as if she would attack if Luo Zheng took a step forward.
Luo Zheng was still walking slowly with a smile on his face. It was as if he didn't hear Aizen's warning.
Seeing Luo Zheng enter the fallen leaves array, Aizen clenched her teeth and her blue eyes flashed with murderous intent. This Luo Zheng was too strong. If he rushed out of the fallen leaves array, she wouldn't be able to deal with him!
Aizen was about to control the fallen leaves to attack Luo Zheng, but at that moment, Liu Yu also stepped into the fallen leaves array!
"Liu Yu?"
Aizen froze for a moment before seeing Liu Yu's faint smile.
Liu Yu nodded to Aizen, "Don't worry, he's an old friend."
"An old friend?" Aizen froze.
Liu Yu nodded and smiled, "Do you remember what I told you? Only one person in this world can change my fate, it's him …. "
Aizen froze ….
During this adventure, Liu Yu gave a general idea of what happened to her.
How did she offend the King of Punishment? How did she end up being locked up in the prison to endure the punishment of corrosion?
Liu Yu said that only one person in this world could save her. That person was the storyteller in the universe, the one with the infinite roar token. Even dozens of Empyrean Sovereigns couldn't do anything to him.
Since Liu Yu said so, was this person in front of her Luo Zheng?
Luo Zheng was now a legend in the universe!
In addition to being a legend, people also speculated about Luo Zheng's strength in private.
Some people said that Luo Zheng obtained the inheritance of Immortal Mansion and his strength was terrifying. He could easily deal with Dao Children and Heaven's Prides!
Others said that Luo Zheng's talent was average. He relied on external objects to kill Empyrean Sovereigns and his own strength was average. He was just a guy who disappeared into the crowd ….
But based on the strength Luo Zheng just showed, he definitely had the ability to fight against Heaven's Prides!
This legendary young man was standing in front of him. Even Aizen's state of mind fluctuated violently.