In front of Liu Yu, Luo Zheng didn't try to hide anything.
With a faint smile on his face, he nodded and admitted it.
Bai Wei and the other cultivators of the Yao Night Clan also caught up to them.
Bai Wei didn't know how to react to Lord Aizen's words.
"Luo Tianxing, Luo Zheng …"
He was the human cultivator who killed Celestial Master Broken Shadow!
Bai Wei's family was a side branch of the Yao Night Clan. Six years ago, Youmeng, who tried to kill Luo Zheng, was the head of this side branch.
It was hard to say who was right and who was wrong in the internal disputes of the Yao Night Clan. But after confirming that Luo Tianxing was Luo Zheng, Bai Wei was a little surprised.
No matter what, since Luo Zheng was an old friend of Liu Yu's, there shouldn't be a problem.
Aizen and Bai Wei were shocked, but they also breathed a sigh of relief.
Aizen's eyes flashed, then she smiled brightly. "I didn't know you were an old friend of Liu Yu's. I apologize for offending you, Luo Zheng …"
As she spoke, she gently waved her finger, and a small black tree appeared in her hand. This small tree was four feet tall, and its branches were only as thick as a little finger. However, there was not a single leaf on the whole tree, only a lonely tree trunk.
When she summoned the small black tree, the branches of the small black tree shook, and all the leaves flew back in an instant. The leaves began to grow back neatly on the branches, and it looked very magical ….
In the blink of an eye, the bare black tree turned into a small tree with dense leaves. Aizen put the tree away and looked at Liu Yu. She thought about Liu Yu's situation and then looked at Liu Yu. She smiled brightly and said, "Old friends meet, why don't we talk? Liu Yu's situation isn't good. "
"Not good?" Luo Zheng's eyes flashed as he stared at Liu Yu.
Liu Yu's expression was a little unnatural.
In the prison, Liu Yu had thought of countless ways to spread the news that she was imprisoned.
But the universe was so vast. It was easier said than done to find a single person in a hundred thousand great worlds.
As for the Roaring Token, don't even think about it. Some Sector Lords couldn't even get a Roaring Token, let alone Liu Yu who was only a Spirit Sea Realm warrior. Plus, she had been chained up in prison.
Perhaps it was the will of the heavens that allowed him to meet Luo Zheng here.
But now that she was facing Luo Zheng, she didn't know what to say.
Aizen saw this and took the initiative to point to Liu Yu's situation.
"Yes, Liu Yu's been imprisoned and subjected to the punishment of corrosion. This punishment is second only to the Eternal Night Punishment! Every few days, their eyes would rot, their skin would fester, and their bones would corrode. Then, they would be healed by the power of life. The cycle would repeat itself, and every day would be a torment … "
Hearing Aizen's words, Flowing Feather's face turned pale.
She'd endured this for seven years!
She'd endured this pain for seven years.
Her time in the Dream Battlefield was probably the happiest time Liu Yu had ever been.
Here, she made friends with Aizen and the other members of the Yao Ye clan. Here, she was able to display her strength and compete with the other experts.
But soon, she'd have to go back to those days. Liu Yu shuddered.
That kind of pain was inhumane even for a cultivator.
Ordinary martial artists would usually not be able to endure for more than three years before going crazy …
Even for martial artists with strong willpower, once their willpower was exhausted within five years, their entire body and mind would directly collapse.
It was also because Liu Yu had grown up in the Sea God Continent. Cultivators who grew up in that chaotic continent were much more resilient than cultivators who grew up peacefully in the Holy Land. It was because of this resilient heart that Liu Yu had been able to endure these seven years. She had endured this cycle of pain for seven years.
Luo Zheng's expression darkened. His eyes flickered with coldness. "Because of … that bitch Yao? What a pity, I didn't kill her last time. "
That day when he had ordered the Life Risking Chaotic Battle, he had not locked Yao Yao within it. If he had locked Yao Yao within it, the things that happened below would have been much more interesting!
As soon as he said this, the surrounding Daydream Clan cultivators' expressions all changed!
Ignoring the upper echelons of the Yao Ye clan, ordinary cultivators were still very devout. Otherwise, the three Kings of the clan wouldn't have accumulated so much faith power.
It was normal for the Yao Ye clan to react this way when Luo Zheng suddenly insulted their Kings.
However, Aizen's expression was calm.
His mother was an elder and naturally knew about the conflict between the upper echelons of the Yao Ye clan. Many sector lords were already unhappy with Yao.
This Luo Congheng had already scolded Yao Yao before. Now that he heard it, it was actually quite normal.
Aizen didn't ask for anything, so the other Yao Ye clan members didn't do anything. They just looked at Luo Zheng with unnatural expressions, some even with hostility.
To most of the Yao Ye clan, they didn't care about the conflict between the Kings. In their hearts, the three Kings were supreme existences. They would use their lives to protect their Kings' dignity.
Liu Yu nodded.
Luo Zheng knew about the situation. Naturally, he knew that Liu Yu had offended Yao because of this.
However, he didn't expect the bitch to hold such a grudge. As a King of the Yao Ye clan, a supreme existence, she actually held a grudge against a Yao Ye clan member who ascended from a lower realm.
According to Aizen, the burning of the cannons was an extremely torturous punishment … …
Luo Zheng's eyes grew colder and colder.
Standing on this huge branch and looking at the boundless white fog in the distance, he suddenly turned his head and stared at Liu Yu, saying, "Three years! Just give me three more years and I will kill Yao and save you! "
Three years of punishment was also hard to bear.
Liu Yu did not want to endure the punishment of being burned by the cannon for even a day. However, when she heard that it would take three years, a look of anticipation suddenly appeared on her pale face.
What people feared the most was having no hope.
Liu Yu's martial heart was strong. As long as there was a sliver of hope, he would be able to support himself.
Actually, three years was a very short time.
Three years to remove the Yao Ye clan's King from her throne. If it was anyone else, they would think he was dreaming.
The fully armed Yao, with the help of the faith pool, was comparable to an Empyrean.
To remove Yao from her throne in three years, there were probably only a few people in the universe who could do this. And these people represented the strongest forces in the universe.
Before they could do this, they had to consider whether or not their own clans could withstand the backlash from the Yao Ye clan.
In the entire universe, the only person who had the qualifications to say this was Luo Zheng!
Because he had killed an Empyrean before!
Four true Empyreans had died at Luo Zheng's hands!
When Luo Zheng said this, the Yao Ye clan's martial artists' expressions became even more unnatural.
However, Liu Yu was their leader. If she didn't say anything, what could the other Yao Ye clan martial artists say?
However, the Yao Ye clan members were still a bit unconvinced. A Divine Sea realm martial artist wanted to kill their King in three years? These words were a bit too arrogant.
It had to be known that between the Divine Sea realm and the World Lord realm, there was the Divine Transformation realm and the Divine Sea realm.
Some martial artists had spent hundreds of thousands of years or even millions of years to cross this barrier!
But Luo Zheng said that he would only give him three years!
"Three years. I can endure." Liu Yu nodded, her eyes shining brightly.
Although she didn't believe that Luo Zheng could accomplish this in three years, at least Luo Zheng had given her hope. Hope that would allow her to endure three years of pain.
As for this fellow Luo Zheng, when he was on the Sea God Continent, he had turned the impossible into possible, turning the rotten into the miraculous.
In this world, there were only a small number of people who could create miracles. And Luo Zheng was one of these people.
Seeing Liu Yu's expression, Luo Zheng felt a bit of guilt.
After all, it was because of him that Liu Yu had fallen to such a state. It was because of him that she had suffered so much!