Aizen shrunk to the side, quietly observing Luo Zheng.
Not only her, but the other warriors, such as Bai Wei, also looked at Luo Zheng.
But Aizen's eyes were filled with curiosity.
In three years, he managed to kill Yao. This guy was really interesting. However, she did not know how he managed to reach this step. If she had time, she would definitely ask Liu Yu more about it.
After talking for a while, Liu Yu calmed down.
At least she made the right decision to enter the Dream Battlefield.
Next, with Aizen leading the team, they went to the stone plate at the end of the branch.
When the characters used to break the curse appeared under their feet, they flew up again. Not long after, they flew up to the eighth branch of the Great Toon Divine Tree.
Luo Zheng stood on the eighth branch and saw that it was covered with giant ants.
These ferocious ants had spikes all over their bodies. Their outer shells were bright red, and there was a flame dancing in their abdomens. It was like a big lantern.
"Explosive ants, after these ants are killed, there will be a violent explosion. It's best to scatter." Aizen ordered. She had been here three times, so she knew all about the ants on each branch.
Before Luo Zheng and Bai Wei chased after them, Aizen and the others killed all the ants on the way. Now, from the eighth branch to the top, they had to kill their way up.
"However, these Explosive Flame Ants don't have a strong defense. If you are careful when killing them, you will pass!" Aizen said as she took out the small black tree in her hand. Then, leaves fell from the small tree, turning into a rain of leaves that swept towards the ants.
"Whoosh whoosh whoosh …"
Each leaf was comparable to a hidden weapon.
The leaves looked like they were floating in the air, but under Aizen's control, they were extremely sharp.
The carapaces of the Explosive Flame Ants were unable to stop the falling leaves at all. They easily cut into the bodies of the Explosive Flame Ants. Not far away, a Explosive Flame Ant's carapace was cut full of holes!
The two antennae on the Explosive Ant's head waved wildly, and the flames in its abdomen became brighter and brighter. It crawled on the ground and rushed towards Aizen!
"Watch out for this ant!"
As soon as Aizen said that, she quickly retreated. The moment she retreated, the light in the ant's abdomen flashed to the extreme.
"Boom!"
Following a violent explosion, a strong shockwave spread out with a flash of fire!
The air was filled with a burnt smell, and a mushroom cloud with a diameter of dozens of feet slowly rose.
The explosive ant's power was terrifying. If an ordinary warrior was hit by it, they would be turned into ashes.
Even if Luo Zheng's body was strong, if he was caught in the explosion, he would be seriously injured.
However, the ant itself wasn't difficult to deal with.
After killing the ant, Aizen turned around and looked at Luo Zheng. He smiled and said, "That's it, it's not difficult to deal with it."
What she did just now was just a demonstration.
But after Aizen's demonstration, Liu Yu, Bai Wei, and the other Demon Night Clan warriors all looked at Luo Zheng.
Why are they looking at me?
Luo Zheng blinked, and his face showed a puzzled expression.
But in the blink of an eye, he understood that they wanted to see him fight.
"I'll give it a try too."
Luo Zheng smiled and leaped forward. When he passed by a Ferocious Explosive Ant, he did not attack. Instead, he gently tapped the back of the Ferocious Explosive Ant with the tip of his foot. As his clothes fluttered, he charged forward once again!
The first ant crawled at an extremely fast speed under Luo Zheng's teasing. It chased after Luo Zheng.
But Luo Zheng didn't care. He continued forward.
Bang!
With a flip of his body, he flashed past another ferocious ant …
This way, Luo Zheng was being chased by two ferocious ants.
"What is Luo Zheng trying to do?"
"He's trying to lure the ants together!"
"He's crazy!"
When the other members of the Yao Night Clan saw this, they all revealed worried expressions.
Although the ants weren't strong, their explosive power was terrifying. No matter who it was, they had to be careful.
So if one wanted to pass through the eighth tree trunk, they had to use their strength. They had to lure the ants one by one and kill them one by one.
But now, Luo Zheng was swaggering into the ant swarm. Bai Wei and the others' hearts were in their throats.
Liu Yu had a faint smile on her face.
Strictly speaking, she didn't have much contact with Luo Zheng. But when she was in the Heavenly Feather Holy Land, she received detailed information about Luo Zheng's deeds from the Tower of Sin. She knew that this was how Luo Zheng always did things. If he followed the rules, he wouldn't be Luo Zheng.
Luo Zheng didn't stop at all along the way, and the number of ferocious ants following behind him kept increasing!
"If so many ants explode at once, how powerful will it be?"
"Isn't he afraid of being killed by the explosion?"
Aizen had been watching Luo Zheng's actions with curiosity. When she heard the discussion, her expression changed. She seemed to have thought of something. She said, "Everyone, retreat. Try to stay close to the main trunk of the tree."
Now, everyone could see that Luo Zheng was planning to lure these ferocious ants together!
The might of a single Ferocious Ant was already so shocking. If hundreds of Ferocious Ants exploded at the same time, how shocking would the scene be?
"Whoosh …"
As Luo Zheng's figure moved forward rapidly, a black mass of ferocious ants had gathered behind him.
"Now's the time!"
His figure suddenly swept forward and grabbed a ferocious ant in front of him.
The Ferocious Ant was ten feet long, much longer than Luo Zheng himself. Furthermore, the Ferocious Ant was innately strong. Even the Ferocious Ant that was as small as a grain of rice could lift something ten times heavier than itself!
As soon as Luo Zheng grabbed the ferocious ant, it opened its two pincers and tried to clamp down on Luo Zheng.
He grabbed one of the pincers and with a surge of power, he twisted the ferocious ant's head off.
The moment he twisted the head off, Luo Zheng's other hand grabbed the ferocious ant's abdomen and threw it behind him.
The ferocious ant was actually a very strange creature. Ever since it was born, it had been constantly consuming its own strength to stabilize the Explosive Flames in its abdomen. It was very careful not to let the Explosive Flames explode. When it was seriously injured or on the verge of death, it was unable to stabilize the Explosive Flames! After the Explosive Flames lost its restraints, it naturally produced a violent explosion.
Luo Zheng had already twisted the ferocious ant's head off. The Explosive Flames in its abdomen had naturally lost its restraints. When Luo Zheng threw the abdomen, it was still flying in the air. The Explosive Flames in its abdomen became brighter and brighter.
"Crack …"
The abdomen rolled on the ground and landed in the middle of the ferocious ants chasing Luo Zheng.
Following a flash of light …
"Boom!"
The sound of a violent explosion could be heard.
The ferocious ants at the side did not dodge and were naturally affected by the explosion. Hence, the Explosive Flames in their abdomens exploded again.
"Boom, boom …"
The ferocious ants exploded one after another. This was a chain reaction.
When dozens of ferocious ants exploded together, hundreds of them exploded.
"Boom!"
A series of explosions rang in everyone's ears. The power of the explosions was far beyond everyone's imagination!
A huge mushroom cloud rose up from the spot where he had been standing.
Along with this explosion, an extremely powerful shockwave spread out in all directions.
Even the Great Toon Divine Tree, which was comparable to a giant mountain, was gently swaying!
Luo Zheng maintained a certain distance from the explosion. His legs were like nails, firmly nailed to the ground, bearing the impact of the shock wave.
Fortunately, Aizen had suggested for everyone to retreat from the beginning. Behind them was the Great Toon Divine Tree.
When the shock wave spread, it was like an invisible giant hand, pressing everyone to the tree trunk, making them unable to move.
If they stood stupidly on the branches, they would have been pushed by the shock wave and hit the trunk of the Daitoon Heavenly Tree.
In that case, even if they did not die, they would be seriously injured.
＝＝＝＝＝