Aizen, who was pinned to the tree by the force of the impact, had a gloomy expression on his face!
I shouldn't have let this guy do it, he's too barbaric!
After the impact of the explosion dissipated, everyone left the tree trunk one by one and jumped onto the wide branches.
Aside from Aizen, Liu Yu, and Bai Wei, the others were pale. Although they were far from the center of the explosion, they were still slightly injured by the impact. Their blood energy couldn't circulate smoothly, and their meridians were blocked. They quickly took out pills to heal themselves.
As the smoke from the explosion dissipated, Luo Zheng's figure slowly appeared in it. He was still standing steadily on the branch, looking completely unscathed!
"This guy … How did he withstand such a powerful impact?!" Aizen pouted as he looked at Luo Zheng. He suddenly felt that the heavens were unfair. They were all Divine Sea realm cultivators, so how could the gap between them be so great?
Liu Yu didn't look surprised at all. He just sighed inwardly. This guy was just as he thought. In just seven years, he'd grown to a level he could only look up to.
After Luo Zheng dealt with the ferocious ant in one go, there were no more obstacles on the eighth branch.
It should've taken several hours to carefully cross the eighth branch, but it took less than an incense stick's worth of time!
After stepping onto a stone plate, everyone continued to climb.
… …
… …
The Human Alliance, in an Ascension Pool in the Three Pure Realms …
A petite figure climbed out of the Ascension Pool. Along with a wave of cold air, the pool water on her body turned into ice shards!
Ding ding ….
With a slight shake of her body, all the ice shards fell into the Ascension Pool.
"The energy of heaven and earth here is so violent!"
The woman looked up at her surroundings, and her beautiful eyes couldn't conceal the curiosity in them.
Then she slowly walked down from the Ascension Pool ….
"You, and the rest of you, stay there obediently!" ordered a soldier.
Hearing this, the woman raised an eyebrow, but when she noticed the soldier's cultivation, her eyes narrowed. Late-stage Divine Sea realm cultivators!
She did not choose to resist. Instead, she gathered together with the other ascenders.
All of the ascenders had a beautiful vision of the Upper Realm.
However, they did not know that the competition in the Upper Realms was even more brutal than in the Lower Realms. In the Lower Realms, they were peak existences. In the Lower Realms, they were absolute kings.
However, the Divine Sea Realm warriors in the Upper Realm were too ordinary. This kind of difference in status was a lesson that almost every ascender had to learn.
She curled up in a corner, trying to get used to the violent Heaven Earth Origin Qi, but her face revealed a trace of longing …
"My husband was at the Life and Death realm in the past. Now, more than six years have passed. I wonder what his cultivation has been like. Has he stepped into the Divine Sea …?"
This woman was the master of the Cloud Hall, Ning Yudie.
After several years of adventuring, her cultivation had broken through to the Divine Sea!
When Luo Zheng left that year, she was already pregnant with a son named Luo Nian. She was pinning her longing for Luo Zheng on her son.
However, after these years, Luo Nian was already seven years old. Looking at Luo Nian, who was almost the same as Luo Zheng, her longing did not decrease, but increased with each passing day.
When martial artists became partners, it was normal for them to be separated for several years, or even decades.
Some extreme people would go into seclusion for a hundred years. Although they were separated by one level, they could indeed be separated by a hundred years …
However, Luo Zheng and Xi Youqin's bone ages were not old. Their state of mind had not been settled by time, so how could they be indifferent and think hard during this time?
In order to abandon the torment of longing, she cultivated quietly, but she did not want to break through to the Divine Sea realm in these six years.
Luo Nian was seven years old. He was also extremely intelligent since childhood. Coupled with the status of the Cloud Hall in the Central Domain, the foundation of his small body was far stronger than that of ordinary children. He had broken through to the Xiantian Realm at the age of six. Now, Luo Nian's cultivation was at the Xiantian Realm Level Four.
She was reluctant to leave Nian 'er when she ascended to the Upper Realm, but in the end, she decided to ascend to find her husband!
"This Upper Realm is boundless, so vast that you can't imagine …"
"Even with the speed of a Divine Sea Realm martial artist, it will take a hundred years to go from one end of this Upper Realm to the other!"
"We belong to the Jade Pure Holy Land of the Three Pure Realms, a tenth-grade Holy Land! And the Realm Master of the Three Pure Realms is also the Holy Lord of our Jade Pure Holy Land … "
The Divine Sea Realm soldier in front of them roughly explained some things to this group of ascenders.
And Ning Yudie's heart was constantly shaken when she heard it!
She knew that the Upper Realm was vast and could not be compared to the Boundless World where she lived.
Even if she ascended to the Upper Realm, the journey to find Luo Zheng would be extremely difficult …
However, listening to the soldier in front of her, the area of these 100,000 Upper Realms was still far beyond her imagination!
Crossing a Upper Realm would take a hundred years with the speed of a Divine Sea Realm martial artist?
This Upper Realm was already ridiculously large, not to mention that there were 100,000 Upper Realms. Finding her husband among them would be harder than finding a needle in a haystack!
She had ascended and was actually in a tenth-grade Holy Land?
What kind of strength did this Holy Land have …
All kinds of thoughts immediately made Ning Yudie's mind confused!
"All ascenders, follow me!" After the soldier explained the general situation, he was about to take Ning Yudie and the others away. As he walked, he sighed and said, "When the Illusory Battlefield opened this time, the group of ascenders who were mining also slipped into the Illusory Battlefield. Now, the entire mine is in a state of abandonment, and we urgently lack manpower. You need to go to the mine of our Jade Pure Holy Land to mine …"
It turned out that when the Illusory Battlefield opened, all Divine Sea Realm martial artists could participate!
Although the mine strictly prohibited ascenders from entering the Illusory Battlefield, it was impossible to stop them. After all, as long as they took a step, a Divine Sea Realm martial artist would be able to enter. There was nothing they could do about it.
What was even more infuriating was that the Jade Pure Holy Land strictly forbade these deacons from entering the Illusory Battlefield. They could only watch helplessly as they missed this excellent opportunity to gain experience.
"Mining? How long do we need to dig? "An ascender asked.
"Hehe, it depends on your strength. Some people are lucky and bold, so they can dig for three to five years. There are also ascenders who dig for more than a hundred years!" The Divine Sea Realm soldier laughed.
As soon as these words came out, all the ascenders were stunned.
Ascending to the Upper Realm would take more than a hundred years? This was too different from their expectations!
Ning Yudie followed behind the group in silence. She was also hesitant in her heart, not knowing how to face this …
Originally, Ning Yudie was a woman who was quite independent, but after marrying Luo Zheng, her thoughts changed. She had a special dependence on Luo Zheng.
But now, it was impossible for Luo Zheng to appear in front of her!
With her husband's talent, he should be able to become a core martial artist in a tenth-rank Holy Land, right?
It was just that there were so many large realms in the Upper Realm. She did not know which tenth-rank Holy Land he had entered.
Was she really going to mine here for dozens of years?
She regretted it in her heart. If she had known, she would not have ascended. After all, there was still Nian 'er in the Lower Realm for her to worry about …
These soldiers were the ones who brought Ning Yudie through the spatial tunnel, moving forward!
However, halfway through, a soldier entered the group and stopped in front of Ning Yudie. "You don't have to mine anymore."
"Huh?" Ning Yudie was slightly stunned.
"Follow me. I'll do it," the soldier said again.
Ning Yudie's eyes flickered, but she did not know what had happened to her. Anyway, after ascending, she was a little confused.
It seemed like it was a good thing that she did not need to mine.
Thus, Ning Yudie followed the soldier and left the group of ascenders. After moving forward in the space passage for a while, they left and arrived at a large city!
After admiring the majesty of the large city in the Upper Realm, Ning Yudie was brought into an exquisite palace.
In this palace, there were already dozens of women gathered. These women all had the cultivation of the Divine Ocean Realm …
After listening to their conversation, Ning Yudie found out that these women were like her, ascenders.
Not long after ascending, they were brought here. No one knew what was going on.
There were guards outside this palace, and they could not go out easily.
At this moment, a bad premonition arose in Ning Yudie's heart.
Many of the women did not know what their fates were, so they could only concentrate on cultivating.