After the three men entered the palace, the leader let out a chuckle and said, "Second brother, these women are the cultivators that ascended from our Jade Pure Holy Land!"
"Lower realm cultivators, those that can cultivate to the Divine Sea realm are all absolute beauties. Hehe, second brother, do you think my point of view is correct?" The leader said.
The man standing in the middle was the most handsome. The moment he entered, he attracted the attention of all the women. He said indifferently, "Those that can ascend must be the most talented cultivators in the lower realm. Since young, they used face nourishing pills and face changing pills to maintain their youth. Naturally, this is the case …"
The Divine Sea realm women had been waiting here for many days. Now that they saw the three men enter, they naturally wanted to know what was going on.
The woman in the lead asked, "Young Masters, may I know why the Jade Pure Holy Land has arranged for us to stay here?"
One of the three men laughed, "There's no reason. I just feel that it's not easy for women to ascend, so I'm saving you from the pain of mining!"
Although the ascended cultivators in the palace were all women, they had experienced a lot of ascension. Naturally, they wouldn't be moved by this sentence.
On the contrary, they knew that this matter wasn't simple.
"If that's the case, why do you still need to imprison us here? Why don't you set us free?" A woman said with a smile.
Hearing the woman's words, Ning Yudie's eyes flashed. If she could obtain her freedom, she could stand up and find Luo Zheng. However, since the three men invited them here, it was impossible for them to leave casually …
As expected, the man laughed, "My Jade Pure Holy Land is the leader of the Three Pure World. You all ascended from thousands of miles away. Are you all going to give up the chance to join my Jade Pure Holy Land?"
The moment he said this, the women were all worried.
They knew that they were under someone else's roof. They could only wait and see what the man said.
"Martial uncle Hai of my Jade Pure Sacred Ground is recruiting disciples. Martial uncle Hai is a half-step Sector Lord. It's your fortune to be able to become his disciple. Follow me … however, martial uncle Hai has a limit to his recruitment of disciples. He can't accept just anyone. It'll depend on your luck to be able to catch his eye!"
"Take a half-step Sector Lord as his master?"
"I, Sun Linghua, have never had a master since I stepped onto the path of Martial Arts. I don't care what my master's cultivation is, I won't worship him …"
"I knew she was up to no good. There are so many women in the Spirit Ocean Realm in the Upper Worlds. Why did she insist on taking us in as her disciples?"
How intelligent were these women? When they heard this, they vaguely understood what was going on. Naturally, they were extremely unhappy.
But why would these three men at the Ultimate Divine Stage care about them?
Under his orders, a group of armored soldiers surged out from outside the house. These armored soldiers took out numerous grey bracelets and put them on one by one. Those were the Spirit Restriction Bracelets.
Those who wear this bracelet will not be able to circulate their True Yuan.
Some of the girls wanted to resist, but in the face of three Extreme God Realm warriors and dozens of Spirit Sea Realm warriors, they were only warriors who had just entered the Spirit Sea Realm. How could they resist?
Ning Yudie didn't resist. Instead, she rubbed the ring on her ring finger. She had given her first sumeru ring to Luo Zheng. Later, she asked the Cloud Hall's craftsmen to create a new one.
In her heart, she was silently praying that Luo Zheng would protect her …
…
…
In the Dream Battlefield, Luo Zheng naturally didn't know that Ning Yudie had already ascended.
He, Aizen, Liu Yu, and the others were still rapidly climbing the Toona Divine Tree.
This Toona Divine Tree had a total of 13 branches. On each branch was a strange insect!
On the seventh branch was a Ferocious Ant.
On the eighth branch was a Human-Faced Cicada. This cicada had a lifelike human face on its head. It could even speak human language. It looked extremely frightening.
On the ninth branch was a Poisonous Ice Toad …
On the tenth branch was a Twin Winged Wasp.
On the eleventh branch was a Divine Power Weevil …
Previously, Liu Yu and Aizen had led the Yao Ye Clan to the twelfth branch!
However, every time they climbed to the twelfth branch, many of the Yao Ye Clan members would fall.
This time, with Luo Zheng's help, not only did their climbing speed increase, but they also didn't lose a single person!
In the eyes of the Yao Ye Clan members, Luo Zheng was clearly a monster.
The Poisonous Ice Toad and the Twin Winged Wasp were both extremely poisonous creatures that had been lost for a long time …
Even Liu Yu and Aizen would undoubtedly die if they were stung by these poisonous insects!
However, Luo Zheng rushed forward like a horse, allowing the thousands of poisonous insects to stab and kill him. He was like a stone, completely unaffected. He didn't put these poisonous creatures in his eyes at all.
As for the Divine Power Weevil, it was far stronger than ordinary cultivators, but Luo Zheng's brute force was superior. In terms of strength, he completely suppressed it.
Not long after, the group finally stood on the twelfth branch of the Toona Divine Tree!
At the end of the branch, there was a circle of round red fruits, a total of forty of them.
"You're saying that these fruits contain a large number of Dream Points?" Looking at the fruits, Luo Zheng had a strange look on his face.
Aizen nodded and said, "Each fruit contains a hundred thousand Dream Points!"
"So many!"
Luo Zheng was slightly surprised …
Before, Luo Zheng thought that plundering other people's Dream Points was a shortcut.
Most of the participants in the Dream Battlefield thought the same, so the battles were concentrated around the main cities …
Now it seems that the Dream Battlefield's arrangements were far more plentiful than he thought.
No wonder Aizen and Liu Yu repeatedly entered the Withered Tree Door!
With Luo Zheng's strength, he could climb the Toona Divine Tree alone. If he obtained these fruits alone, he could obtain four million Dream Points. Aizen said that the Withered Tree Door had been opened three times. If he entered all three times alone, wouldn't he have accumulated twelve million Dream Points?
No wonder he killed Ji Luoxue once and accumulated five million Dream Points, but he was only ranked in the top ten thousand …
"Everyone here can have one of these fruits." Aizen walked over and picked one of the red fruits. Now it was time to distribute it.
The eyes of the Yao Ye clan members lit up, one fruit was worth a hundred thousand Dream Points!
In fact, they had been following Luo Zheng all this time, so they didn't have many opportunities to attack. Getting a hundred thousand Dream Points was already very good.
"As for the remaining Dream Points, I will take thirty percent and Luo Zheng will take seventy percent. Brother Luo Zheng, what do you think?" Aizen's blue eyes stared at Luo Zheng with a smile.
"Okay." Luo Zheng nodded, but then he asked, "What about Liu Yu? Why doesn't she need it? "
As soon as Luo Zheng finished speaking, Liu Yu shook her head, "I don't need it …"
"Why?" Luo Zheng asked.
Aizen answered on behalf of Liu Yu, "If Liu Yu accumulates enough Dream Points, she will appear at the top. The Yao Ye clan has so many eyes, she will be noticed … Right now, Liu Yu doesn't need to be noticed. It's better for her to be forgotten."
After all, Liu Yu was still in the Yao Ye clan's prison. The top five million in the Dream Battlefield would attract attention. With Liu Yu's strength, it wouldn't be difficult for her to enter the top five million.
If Yao Ye inadvertently noticed her, the consequences would be even worse.
Although the possibility wasn't high, it was better to be careful.
Luo Zheng looked deeply at Liu Yu and then nodded, "I understand …"
Luo Zheng took the fruits Aizen handed him and crushed them one by one …
Every time Luo Zheng crushed a fruit, it was equivalent to Luo Zheng "killing" it in the Illusory Battlefield. Therefore, the illusory light spots that burst out from the fruit rapidly entered Luo Zheng's body!
After Luo Zheng received the remaining 70% of the fruits, there were 21 of them. After crushing these 21 red fruits, he obtained another 2.1 million fantasy points. This number was already very objective, second only to the fantasy points obtained from killing Ji Luoxue!
However, when Luo Zheng checked his ranking, he found that it hadn't moved at all.
In this great world, his ranking had moved up by ten places, and he was now ranked 267th.