After checking his ranking, Luo Zheng let out a sigh.
In the Dream Realized Battlefield, he had too many competitors.
Putting aside their strength, each of the hundreds of millions of Divine Sea Realm cultivators had their own opportunities and luck!
Warriors with both strength and Luck might have monopolized holy lands like the Withered Tree Door that allowed them to plunder Fantasy Points. Thus, the speed at which they obtained Fantasy Points was extremely fast.
If it wasn't for his relationship with Liu Yu, Luo Zheng could've driven away the Demon Night Clan cultivators and monopolized the Withered Tree Door. The next time the door opened, he could enter alone and obtain 4 million Dream Points. Ji Luoxue probably wouldn't be able to compete with Luo Zheng even if he took over a main city and relied on millions of cultivators to "pay taxes".
Aizen had been wary of Luo Zheng because she was afraid this would happen. After all, she was the Realm Lord's successor and wanted to obtain a good ranking. This time, she had taken the initiative to give Luo Zheng 21 Dream Fruits.
"There is a stone plate at the top of the tree that leads to the 13th branch. Why don't we go up?" Luo Zheng asked as he stared at the stone plate.
"We can't go there," Liu Yu shook his head at Luo Zheng.
Aizen blinked and smiled, "Brother Luo Zheng, if you want to try, you can try. However, the 13th branch is the peak of the Great Toon Divine Tree. The difficulty is not something we can attempt, but the rewards must be amazing."
Luo Zheng nodded, "I want to try!"
Even though he was ranked in the top 20,000 of the Dream Battlefield, this wasn't the end for Luo Zheng!
"We've climbed up to the thirteenth level once. The top should be the Legacy Grounds of the Ancient Sorcerer Tribe. Once we enter, we'll be attacked by strange sorcery. We retreated after a few of us died. Luo Zheng, you have to think this through." Liu Yu's face was filled with worry.
"Mm," Luo Zheng nodded and smiled, "If it doesn't work out, I can still retreat."
Since Luo Zheng had made up his mind, Liu Yu didn't try to stop him. She knew it was pointless to stop him.
As for the other Demon Night Clan members, such as Bai Wei and Aizen, they were looking forward to it. They had tried the Withered Tree Door several times but didn't dare set foot on the top of the Great Toon Divine Tree. Would Luo Zheng be able to challenge it?
Under the watchful eyes of the crowd, Luo Zheng once again stepped onto the stone plate. Accompanied by a series of strange coughs from the little skulls, another row of words appeared under Luo Zheng's feet. Without much hesitation, he flew toward the crown of the Big Toon Divine Tree.
At the top of the Great Toon Divine Tree was a huge gray tree crown. At this point, the originally lingering white clouds had completely turned into a lead-gray color …
The moment he stepped onto the treetop, Luo Zheng had a very strange feeling in his heart!
This strange feeling even felt a little familiar …
'Where have I felt this before?'
Luo Zheng, who was standing in the same spot, spent a few breaths of time to recall, but he couldn't find the answer in his own memory.
Above the massive treetop, brown and yellow branches spread out, forming a flat ground. And on top of this treetop, there were skulls that were dozens of feet in size!
"These skulls … should be the skulls of the Giant Clan. They seem to have been used as houses by the Ancient Witch Clan?" Luo Zheng looked around.
Luo Zheng didn't have much contact with the Giant Race. The Giant Race's martial artists were twice as tall as the Demon Race's martial artists. However, their movement speed was slow, and the Giant Race's talent wasn't too high. The only thing they had was their innate divine strength. Almost every Giant had innate divine strength.
However, in the Upper Realm, where there were many powerhouses, they couldn't compete with other clans just by relying on their physical strength.
Therefore, in the Upper Realm, the Giant Clan was considered a small clan.
After looking around, Luo Zheng began to explore the tree crown …
Perhaps it was because he was alone, but he felt that the atmosphere around him was becoming gloomy.
The Great Toon Sacred Tree was very quiet. Luo Zheng didn't feel this when he was accompanied by the girls of the Night Demon Clan. Now that he was standing here alone, he could even hear his own heartbeat.
"Thump …"
"Thump …"
"Thump …"
After Luo Zheng walked a few steps along the treetop, he suddenly stopped in his tracks.
At the same time, he frowned slightly …
The sound of his heartbeat seemed to be too loud!
However, just as Luo Zheng stopped, the sound of his heartbeat gradually subsided. After a few breaths, it disappeared into his ears.
'What's going on?'
After thinking for a while, he moved his feet again.
"Thump, thump, thump …"
Just as he moved, he heard his heartbeat again!
"Heh …"
A cold smile appeared on Luo Zheng's face. He was now sure that he had fallen into some kind of strange witchcraft.
The witchcraft in the universe was now considered a relatively small cultivation method. Since the mysterious disappearance of the Ancient Sorcerer Tribe, their witchcraft inheritance had also disappeared completely. Only a few witchcraft inheritances had been passed down, but they were no longer systematic.
However, this witchcraft was powerful because of its strangeness. It could often kill people without them noticing, making it impossible to guard against!
Luo Zheng knew that he couldn't see through this witchcraft, but at this moment, Luo Zheng didn't think too much about it. He allowed his heartbeat to become louder and louder as he continued to move toward the tree crown.
"Thump, thump, thump …"
As Luo Zheng took more steps, the sound became louder and louder. It was as if someone was punching Luo Zheng in the heart.
However, Luo Zheng cultivated his body from the outside to the inside. The strength of his body wasn't limited to his muscles, bones, and skin. Even his internal organs had absorbed all kinds of flames and were as strong as divine weapons!
If it were any other cultivator, having their heart gripped by this strange force, they would likely be severely injured and unable to move, but Luo Zheng was completely fine. He even ignored the sound of his heartbeat ringing in his ears.
But after the time for an incense stick to burn, he stopped once more ….
"This path doesn't seem right … I seem to be walking in circles …"
On the path at the top of the tree crown, there were sixty to seventy giant skulls. After he walked a few rounds, he soon found that he was walking in circles.
It seemed that he was trapped here?
Thinking of this, Luo Zheng's eyes flashed slightly. His pupils were dyed with a layer of green.
After activating the Clear Eyes Spirit Eyes, Luo Zheng's eyes swept around …
Through the light lead-gray fog, Luo Zheng's pupils widened slightly. He couldn't help but gasp!
In the depths of this lead-gray fog, there were actually huge eyeballs floating!
Because he couldn't judge the distance, Luo Zheng didn't know how big these eyeballs were. However, to Luo Zheng, they were undoubtedly huge. These eyeballs were floating in the air, silently watching him!
No matter what kind of creature these eyeballs came from, anyone who was stared at by these eyeballs would feel creepy. Luo Zheng was no exception!
＝＝＝＝＝