"There are a total of 13 giant eyeballs. These eyeballs should represent some kind of symbol of the Ancient Sorcerer Race or even the supreme existence of their race …"
Previously, Luo Zheng had speculated that this huge Illusory Battlefield should have been constructed according to the will of the Heavenly Dao, and this will contained the memories of the Heavenly Dao.
Therefore, in this era, the civilizations that had been born, the civilizations that had been destroyed, and the civilizations that had survived would all appear one after another.
For example, the temple that Luo Zheng had entered came from the Ten Thousand Buddha Sacred Realm …
For example, the Great Toon Divine Tree in front of him came from the Ancient Sorcerer Race …
The huge universe had settled down over billions of years, and countless civilizations had accumulated.
Some civilizations had only appeared briefly before they dissipated in the long river of history, becoming specks of dust in history. However, some civilizations had tenaciously and thrived, such as the Human Race and the Demon Night Race …
In that temple, Luo Zheng had obtained a Teleportation Token and could freely travel through this great world.
Then, what was at the top of the Great Toon Divine Tree?
To be safe, Luo Zheng could have chosen not to enter this place. Now that the Teleportation Token could be used again, he could also use it to escape this predicament!
However, there was no danger to one's life in the Illusory Battlefield. All the cultivators were doing their best to fight, so Luo Zheng naturally would not choose to shrink back.
Moreover, he had just checked his ranking. Although he had obtained more than two million Illusory Points, his ranking had fallen instead of advancing!
The fellows in front of Luo Zheng had either used special methods to plunder Illusory Points or discovered something that Luo Zheng had not discovered …
If Luo Zheng did not fight now, his ranking would fall even more.
Outside the lead-gray fog, those giant eyeballs only floated quietly in the air without any movement, as if they were just a strange background.
Luo Zheng naturally did not pay attention to them. He hesitated for a while before suddenly leaping up!
Since he couldn't see through this strange maze, he didn't want to compete with it. With a leap, he flew into the air.
No matter how elaborate a maze was, it could not extend into the air. Moreover, there was no restriction on flying on the Great Toon Divine Tree …
"Huff huff …"
Although there were layers of thick lead-colored fog in front of him, Luo Zheng was able to see the environment at the top of the tree with the help of the Clear Eyes Spirit Eyes.
The top of the Big Toon Heavenly Tree was relatively open. It was a hill-shaped treetop. Along the way, the treetop was inclined upward at an angle of about 30 degrees. Its surface area was about the size of a main city. With Luo Zheng's speed, he could cross it in dozens of breaths.
At the top of the treetop, there was a ball of purple light swaying gently. However, it was too far away for Luo Zheng to distinguish.
"Phew …"
After Luo Zheng flew along the canopy for a long time, his eyes suddenly narrowed!
The reason he flew like this was to use the purple light as a reference. However, even after flying for a while, the distance between him and the purple light did not decrease at all!
When Luo Zheng looked down, he saw that the three skulls were placed together. It was where he had been standing before!
"There is some kind of power in this maze that binds me here. Is it constructed by the Law of Space?"
It was impossible for an ordinary maze to achieve such an effect. The only possibility for Luo Zheng to wander in the air was that only a maze constructed by the Law of Space could bind him.
Thinking of this, Luo Zheng suddenly took a step forward. This time, he traveled through space.
His figure was like a long shadow, disappearing from one place and reappearing in another …
After repeating this several times, the ball of purple light at the top of the treetop was getting closer and closer to Luo Zheng!
"It's effective?"
Luo Zheng's face lit up!
However, just as he was about to travel again, he heard a muffled groan. His figure staggered and slid out of the space!
But when he was shuttling through space, he hit an invisible barrier!
Looking at himself, he returned to his original place.
At this moment, Luo Zheng's face revealed a trace of a bitter smile. He was really helpless.
"Thump, thump …"
Accompanied by the sound of his heartbeat, Luo Zheng's eyebrows slightly wrinkled. The predicament in front of him was really troublesome …
At this moment, Luo Zheng once again landed on the treetop. His eyes were fixed on the big skulls.
These skulls were twice as tall as Luo Zheng. They were like houses.
Previously, Luo Zheng didn't pay too much attention to them. However, when he was traveling back and forth, he discovered that when he was far away from these skulls, the sound of his heartbeat would become softer. When he was closer to the skulls, the sound of his heartbeat would become louder.
It was this subtle difference that made Luo Zheng notice these skulls!
He walked forward, stretched out his hand, and rubbed the surface of these skulls …
Luo Zheng's eyes flashed slightly. His hand exerted force!
"Kacha!"
A crack appeared on the surface of these huge skulls, extending from the cheekbones all the way to the top of the skull.
Then, Luo Zheng once again struck out with his palm. This huge skull finally disintegrated …
"Boom …"
The moment the skull cracked open, a figure was revealed from within. It was a dark figure that was only one-third the size of an average human! That thing was wrapped in rags, and one could vaguely make out its bony body …
"Whoosh …"
However, that figure disappeared in a flash and disappeared into another skull.
"It's … a shadow creature!"
When Luo Zheng was traveling through the lower realms, he had seen this kind of creature!
With a glance, he had a very deep impression of this bony body. At that time, a group of shadow creatures was chasing him and several people of the Demi-Immortal Clan!
Why would he see a shadow creature here?
Could it be that this Ancient Sorcerer Clan was the Shadow Clan that was cursed by the God?
Just now, when he drove this thing out, the sound of his heartbeat disappeared. It seemed that this thing was most likely playing tricks on him!
Thinking of this, Luo Zheng no longer hesitated. His figure flashed and followed in front of the next giant skull. With his whole body, he directly crashed into it.
The skulls of these giants were not hard. In front of Luo Zheng's Divine Artifact Body, they were like paper. He directly crashed into them.
However, the moment Luo Zheng crashed into them, from the two huge eye sockets of this skull, two bony black shadows appeared …
"Two?"
"These creatures are hidden in these skulls?"
"Whoosh …"
This time, Luo Zheng did not intend to let this thing slip into the next skull. He wanted to catch one and find out what it was!
This black figure was not big, but its speed was extremely fast. Luo Zheng urged his body to move, and with a grab, he could only grab a piece of rags behind it!
"Sizzle …"
When Luo Zheng grabbed this piece of rags in his hand, it turned into a black gas and corroded Luo Zheng's fingers. This thing was also highly poisonous.
If it was another person's hand, perhaps even the bones would have been corroded. However, Luo Zheng's expression did not change at all. He was still chasing after the black figure!
"Gira-"
Luo Zheng chased after one of them, while the other black figure stretched out its bony fingers. The fingernails on its fingers were like the claws of a wild beast. It was chanting some kind of incantation.
Although Luo Zheng knew that the incantation of the Ancient Sorcerer Clan was powerful, he did not care so much. He had to catch this thing in front of him first!
Although the figure was agile, its speed was still much slower than Luo Zheng's. When Luo Zheng stretched out his hand, the black figure could no longer dodge and was pressed to the ground by Luo Zheng. He lifted the cloak!
The moment the cloak was lifted, it turned into a black gas and began to dissipate. This guy in front of Luo Zheng did look similar to a human in appearance, but its whole body was black. There was no skin on its hands and feet. Instead, it was replaced by a hard shell that glowed with light!
"Gira-"
The thing that was pressed down by Luo Zheng seemed to know that it could not escape, so it also chanted an incantation.
Then, two black vortexes appeared beside Luo Zheng, and two palm-sized skulls emerged from the vortexes.