Facing these palm-sized skulls, Luo Zheng punched them twice!
Luo Zheng didn't put these tiny skulls in his eyes. He only used 10% of his strength in these two punches!
According to Luo Zheng's plan, it should be enough to crush them.
But he never expected that these two skulls would only be sent flying by Luo Zheng …
After being sent flying several hundred meters by Luo Zheng and piercing through two giant skulls, they actually circled back and opened their big white mouths, biting at Luo Zheng!
These little skulls … were abnormal!
"Gila …"
"Gila …"
At the same time, Luo Zheng heard the sound of incantations coming from the giant skulls around him!
Black whirlpools appeared around Luo Zheng, and little skulls drilled out from these whirlpools one after another.
"They really can't be broken?"
Luo Zheng's eyes flashed, and he crushed the guy on the ground with his foot. Then, with a wave of his right hand, he grabbed one of the little skulls.
"Break for me!"
This time, Luo Zheng used the power of ten thousand dragon scales!
The surging power flowed from Luo Zheng's right arm into his five fingers. Under such a violent power, even a divine tool would be twisted.
However …
These little skulls were like boulders, completely withstanding Luo Zheng's power. Luo Zheng still couldn't crush them.
Twenty thousand!
Thirty thousand!
To deal with these little skulls, Luo Zheng almost exhausted all of his strength. He even used the power of the dragon scales to completely erupt the vital essence in his body!
But the little skulls still didn't budge …
At the same time, the other little skulls also bit at Luo Zheng.
"Cough, cough, cough …"
Luo Zheng spun in the air and kicked these skulls away. His figure suddenly flashed, and he wanted to kill the guys hiding in these giant skulls first.
"Boom …"
The giant skulls were broken apart one by one by Luo Zheng.
These ragged guys in black cloaks weren't difficult to deal with.
Under Luo Zheng's full strength, it was almost impossible to escape from his hands …
He went along the treetop, destroying these giant skulls one by one, and killing them one by one.
As a result, he found that he was getting closer and closer to the treetop.
If he wanted to get out of this maze, he had to destroy this maze. Luo Zheng finally understood!
Although Luo Zheng thought of a way to break this maze and it wasn't difficult to approach the purple light, a new problem arose. What should he do with these little skulls?
Since these skeletons were attracted by these strange fellows, Luo Zheng originally thought that the little skeletons would disappear after killing them. However, he had already killed more than half of these fellows, yet not a single one had disappeared. On the contrary, the number of little skeletons following behind Luo Zheng was increasing, and he couldn't shake them off at all.
Killing these fellows now had nothing to do with the Little Skeleton.
Half an hour later …
All the giant skulls on the treetop were smashed to pieces by Luo Zheng.
The guys from the Shadow Clan were also completely wiped out by Luo Zheng!
However, four to five hundred palm-sized little skulls appeared behind Luo Zheng. They were densely floating behind Luo Zheng, taking turns to bite Luo Zheng's body. Just looking at them would make one's scalp tingle!
"Scram!"
A majestic force gushed out of Luo Zheng's body!
That force slapped the densely packed little skulls behind him, and all the skulls were sent flying by Luo Zheng …
But after a while, they gathered around Luo Zheng and continued to bite him from behind!
The biting power of these little skulls couldn't be considered strong, and Luo Zheng had the body of a Divine Tool, so he didn't feel too much.
But if he couldn't get rid of these little skulls, wouldn't they always be behind him?
At this time, Luo Zheng finally remembered!
Previously, when he was surrounded by Celestial Venerables in the middle heaven domain, there was a Celestial Venerable who was followed by countless skulls. Those skulls were also constantly biting that Celestial Venerable.
That Celestial Venerable should have also killed a member of the Shadow Clan, so he provoked these skulls …
If a Celestial Venerable couldn't do anything to these skulls, then Luo Zheng would be even more helpless.
However, that Celestial Venerable was killed in the universe, and Luo Zheng was now in the Illusory Battlefield. But carrying so many skulls around the Illusory Battlefield wasn't a good idea!
After struggling for a while, Luo Zheng shook his head. He didn't care anymore, he could only take one step at a time. At most, he would just treat it as carrying a "shell" made of skulls. These little skulls were so hard, maybe they could help him block some attacks …
After no longer thinking about it, Luo Zheng walked towards the purple light.
After breaking through the maze, Luo Zheng was less than two thousand feet away from the purple light. In front of Luo Zheng was a flight of stairs made of tree trunks. These stairs were high in the air, extending all the way to the top of the Great Toon Divine Tree.
The moment Luo Zheng stepped on the stairs, a giant eyeball in the sky gently blinked.
A strange fragrance entered Luo Zheng's nose, and the surrounding fog turned from gray to pale yellow.
"Poisonous fog?"
The two most powerful methods of the Ancient Shaman Clan were voodoo poison and curse techniques …
That curse technique really gave Luo Zheng a headache. Those little skulls hanging behind him constantly grinding their teeth were proof of this. He simply couldn't deal with it!
As for the voodoo poison …
He completely ignored it.
Actually, this yellow poisonous fog was the Ancient Shaman Clan's long lost Tuo Luo Gu Poison!
The method to concoct this poison had long been lost, but according to some records, this poison was so overbearing that even warriors with three transformations couldn't resist it. Even some Sector Lords would pale when they heard about it. Back when the Ancient Sorcerer Clan was expanding, countless warriors had died from this poison.
But no matter how overbearing it was, it had no effect on Luo Zheng.
He was a weapon, but it looked like a human's weapon …
Luo Zheng walked forward another ten feet, and another giant eyeball blinked. The yellow fog dissipated, and what filled the air was a blue poisonous fog!
This blue poisonous fog made Luo Zheng frown!
It wasn't that he was afraid of this poison, but that this blue poisonous fog was simply too smelly!
That yellow poisonous fog was incomparably fragrant, and this blue poisonous fog was incomparably smelly. They were two extremes.
Luo Zheng could only cover his nose as he walked forward.
After that, every ten feet that Luo Zheng walked, the poisonous fog would change, and the smell would be completely different. But most of them were very smelly, either stinking or rotting. In short, other than the first poisonous fog, which smelled good, the rest of the poisonous fog made Luo Zheng uncomfortable.
If the Ancient Clan's almighty beings were still alive, and they discovered that Luo Zheng used this method to determine their Thirteen Killing Strange Poisons, they would probably vomit blood from anger!
The Thirteen Killing Strange Poisons were the pride of the Ancient Clan. The Thirteen Killing Strange Poisons each had different toxicity. Some poisons could cause a person's entire body to fester and die, while some poisons would hide in a warrior's body for several years before erupting. Once they erupted, there wouldn't be a complete corpse left, and the entire person would be swallowed by the poison!
But for Luo Zheng to use these poisons, it was a bit of a "reckless waste", too much of a waste …
These stairs filled with poisonous fog were like a heavenly moat to ordinary warriors, impossible to pass.
At this moment, Luo Zheng easily passed through and finally arrived in front of the purple ball of light!
That purple ball of light was like a ball of blue water floating in the air. After Luo Zheng sized it up, a trace of disappointment appeared on his face.
"Without those fruits and without the reward of fantasy points, what is this …"
Luo Zheng saw a rectangular metal certificate floating in the purple ball of light.
He stretched out his hand and passed through the purple ball of light, grabbing the rectangular metal certificate. His eyes flashed with curiosity.
After grabbing the metal certificate, Luo Zheng's eyes narrowed slightly. He only saw the words "Karma Hall" on the metal certificate.
At the same time, a thought was transmitted from the metal certificate!
"Pay five million fantasy points and you can enter the Karma Hall. The Karma Hall needs ten people to enter at the same time. There are three people left before the Karma Hall opens. Do you want to pay fantasy points …"
When this voice echoed in Luo Zheng's mind, Luo Zheng was stunned!