Luo Zheng was very unwilling to accept the fact that he had only obtained an iron certificate and a body full of skulls after wandering around the peak of the Great Toon Sacred Tree.
He stood at the top of the tree and looked around. There didn't seem to be anything special …
He activated his Clear Eyes Spirit Eyes and stared at the thirteen giant eyeballs!
"I wonder what's the reward for smashing these eyeballs?" Luo Zheng licked his lips.
In a fit of whimsy, he really leaped up and broke through the layers of fog, flying toward those giant eyeballs that were far away in the horizon!
However, he had only flown a few meters when a huge invisible force suddenly came from the sky and slapped down fiercely at Luo Zheng!
"Bang!"
With a crisp sound, Luo Zheng's figure fell down!
He fell from the top of the tree …
During this process, Luo Zheng tried to stop himself from falling!
At that moment, Luo Zhengcai realized that he couldn't defy the invisible force at all. He fell from the top of the Great Toon Divine Tree …
Liu Yu and Aizen had already descended from the tree and were waiting for Luo Zheng not far away.
After waiting for a long time, they were also guessing Luo Zheng's situation.
"That guy … Could he have been sent back to the main city?" Aizen looked up at the top of the tree. She couldn't see anything through the fog.
Being sent back to the main city meant that he died.
"It would be a pity if he really died at the top of the Great Toon Divine Tree. He had quite a lot of fantasy points. Half of his fantasy points were left at the top. No one would dare to go in and take it." Bai Wei shrugged her tall shoulders.
Liu Yu looked indifferent. "Probably not."
"But it's been so long …"
As soon as Aizen's voice fell, everyone saw a shadow falling down from the white fog.
"Boom!"
The force of this smash caused the ground beneath everyone's feet to tremble a few times!
Liu Yu's figure flashed and saw a big hole not far away. When she went over, Luo Zheng had already climbed out of the hole.
"Luo Zheng! Are you okay? "Liu Yu asked with concern.
Luo Zheng smiled. "Don't worry, I'm fine …"
Aizen was like a butterfly as he slowly floated over. Just as he was about to speak, he saw the skulls above his head. His face changed!
It wasn't just Aizen, the other cultivators, including Liu Yu, were also on guard.
"Be careful!"
Liu Yu's reaction was the fastest. With a slender sword in hand, an extremely sharp sword light shot out, piercing towards the small skulls in the sky.
"Pa pa …"
Dozens of small skulls were sent flying by this sword strike, but in the blink of an eye, they circled back and rushed towards Luo Zheng, biting his back tightly. Their white teeth were still gnawing at Luo Zheng's back, as if an evil spirit was grinding its teeth!
"This …" Liu Yu's eyes were filled with surprise. She knew very well how powerful her sword strike was, but there was not a single mark on the surface of the little skull that had been struck by her sword light!
Luo Zheng said helplessly. "It's useless, these skulls can't be destroyed!"
"What's going on?" Aizen's face was full of curiosity. He couldn't hide his smile. Although the skulls looked scary, Luo Zheng was carrying a bunch of skulls on his back. They looked like a huge tortoise shell. It was really funny.
"It should be the curse power of the Ancient Sorcerer Tribe." Luo Zheng tore off a small skull from his shoulder and threw it out. "This thing seems indestructible. Is the curse power so powerful?"
After Luo Zheng threw the small skull, it spun in the air and bit towards Luo Zheng again. Luo Zheng gently waved his finger and a sharp wind blade cut towards the small skull. The wind blade was fierce but it didn't cause any damage to the small skull.
However, just as the small skull flew towards him, he caught it in his hand. His eyebrows slightly raised, as if he had thought of something. He lightly pressed his spatial ring, and a pickaxe suddenly jumped out!
"Black Star Pickaxe! Supreme Artifact! "
Aizen's eyes shone with a bright light.
She was the heir of the Sector Lord. She had all the best treasures in the Dream Battlefield, but Aizen couldn't possibly have a sovereign artifact!
There were so many Sector Lords in a hundred thousand Great Worlds.
But there were only three thousand Supreme Artifacts …
These three thousand were accumulated over countless years. It took a million years for one Supreme Artifact to be born.
This guy had a Black Star Pickaxe!
Luo Zheng did not care about the Black Star Pickaxe's origin. All he needed to know was that it was very useful.
Since the pickaxe had the power to dig through everything, he wondered if it could break the small skull.
"Bang!"
If he smashed it down …
The small skull was still a small skull, and the pickaxe was still a pickaxe. It was useless!
Seeing this scene, Luo Zheng's face was filled with shock. Even the Black Star Pickaxe could not break it?
The pickaxe used the Heavenly Dao's Causality Law. It should be able to break anything.
If even the pickaxe couldn't break it, it could only mean one thing. The Causality Law in the skulls was stronger than the pickaxe!
Luo Zheng couldn't figure it out.
Whether it was the Ancient Witch Race or the Shadow Race, were they that strong?
Those cloaked fellows shouldn't be very powerful in the Shadow Clan. At the very least, it shouldn't be difficult for Luo Zheng to kill them.
Yet, such trash was able to attract such a heaven-defying little skeleton. How did they do it?
Why would such a strong race escape to the other side of the world?
Even the Black Star Pickaxe could not break this little skull, so Luo Zheng could only put it away in his storage pouch.
Aizen reached out and "plucked" a small skull from Luo Zheng's back. After a while, she smiled and said, "I have an idea."
"What is it?" Luo Zheng asked.
"These small skulls have been biting you, right?" Aizen said.
"Yes," Luo Zheng nodded, "The problem is, I don't know how long they'll follow me."
"But the main city is ruled by the Heavenly Dao. Fighting is forbidden there. You can try using the power of the main city." Aizen suggested.
Luo Zheng's eyes lit up when he heard Aizen's words.
He didn't think of that.
According to the rules of the Dream Battlefield, fighting was forbidden in the main city. Since the rules were set by the Heavenly Dao, it couldn't be broken. He didn't believe these small skulls could break the rules.
So he should try entering the main city.
Luo Zheng had left from the main city of the Night Demon Clan and traveled 20,000 kilometers to the north before arriving at the Withered Tree Gate. There were two main cities to the north and west of the Withered Tree Gate, and they weren't far from each other …
If he could get rid of these small skulls, he would thank the Heavens.
"Aside from these small skulls, what else did you get from the top floor? Don't tell me you got a hundred fruits? "Aizen continued to ask.
She knew she couldn't pass the top floor but she was curious about what Luo Zheng got.
Upon hearing these words, Luo Zheng's eyes widened. If there were really a hundred fruits, he would have to thank the heavens for a total of ten million Fantasy points.
He didn't hide it and took out the iron certificate, "Don't even think about it. Don't mention a hundred fruits, you didn't even give me one. You didn't even give me a dream point. You gave me this! Five million fantasy points will be deducted! "
"Five million points deducted!" Aizen couldn't help but click her tongue. Her accumulation speed wasn't slow but after so long, she had only accumulated two million points.
What was so special about this iron certificate? It directly made him pay so many points.
According to common logic, just entering the Karma Hall would cost five million fantasy points. In this large world, there were probably only three hundred or so cultivators. It could be said that they were as rare as the morning stars. The rewards in the Karma Hall were definitely not cheap!
But Luo Zheng didn't have time to think about this problem. He had to get rid of these small skulls first.
＝＝＝＝＝