Luo Zheng didn't return to the main city of the Yao Night Clan with Aizen and Liu Yu.
To ordinary warriors, the speed at which he obtained Fantasy Points through the Withered Tree Door wasn't considered slow, but it was far from enough for Luo Zheng.
Also, Luo Zheng occupied the Withered Tree Gate, so Aizen's share of the points would decrease. Aizen probably didn't want Luo Zheng to stay either.
Outside the Withered Tree Gate, many people from the Yao Night Clan watched as Luo Zheng turned into a streak of light and disappeared.
Liu Yu looked at Luo Zheng's departing figure with a complicated expression.
Aizen glanced at Liu Yu and knew what Liu Yu was thinking.
After all, Luo Zheng was her only chance to regain her freedom, but the chances were slim.
"I think Luo Zheng is strong enough to compete with the prodigies of the major factions. He might even be able to compete for the top 100 in the Dream Battlefield," Aizen said.
The top 100 in the Dream Battlefield were treasures no matter where they went!
These people were favored by the heavens and earth!
They either had a rare bloodline, peerless talent, or even heaven-defying luck …
Out of a hundred million cultivators, there were only a hundred or so left.
Only such cultivators were qualified to be called prodigies!
Liu Yu remained silent for a long while. When Luo Zheng's streak of light completely disappeared from her sight, she simply said, "Luo Zheng will stand at the peak of the Illusion Battlefield …"
Aizen's eyes flashed with a strange light when she heard Liu Yu's words.
Stand at the peak? Compete for first place?
Liu Yu's view was a bit too optimistic.
She admitted that Luo Zheng was shockingly strong, far stronger than ordinary Divine Sea Realm cultivators. With Luo Zheng's current strength, ordinary Divine Sea Realm cultivators wouldn't last more than a single round against Luo Zheng.
However, his competitors were even more terrifying!
Let's not talk about the prodigies of the other races for now!
For example, their Yao Ye clan's Si Sha's strength was unfathomable. It would not be easy for Luo Zheng to win against him. Moreover, there were so many great clans in the universe, and every one of them was a strong competitor.
Liu Yu's confidence was a bit too blind.
However, Aizen wouldn't point it out. If Luo Zheng could really do it, she would be happy for Liu Yu. Perhaps … Luo Zheng could really take Liu Yu out of that hell in three years!
After the Withered Tree Gate's fruit was taken, it would take about twelve hours to open it again.
During this time, Aizen would lead the Yao Ye clan back to the city to rest and reorganize. Now, they were on their way back.
…
Luo Zheng's teleport token could be used again.
However, every time he used it, he had to wait for a long time. Now that he knew he'd reach a main city if he continued north, he wouldn't waste it.
Before he flew, Luo Zheng's body shook violently, shaking off the little skulls. Then he turned into a streak of light and sped forward!
The little skulls chased after Luo Zheng endlessly!
Their speed was almost the same as Luo Zheng's. They could fly as fast as Luo Zheng could. Whenever Luo Zheng paused, the little skulls would open their mouths and bite Luo Zheng. It was really annoying.
Luo Zheng couldn't do anything about it.
After flying for about ten thousand miles, a majestic main city appeared in front of him.
Only after throwing a glance at the structure of the city wall and the forms of those buildings, Luo Zheng knew that this was a major city of demons...
After arriving here, Luo Zheng slowed down a little and carefully observed his surroundings.
At the same time, there was a burst of "cough cough cough" behind him. The little skulls bit Luo Zheng's back.
"Whatever, I'll try and see if I can get rid of these little skulls first." Thinking of this, Luo Zheng's body suddenly shook, shaking off the little skulls. Luo Zheng turned into a streak of light and rushed towards the main city.
Outside this main city, many Devil Race martial artists were still fighting non-stop.
The Demon Race was originally a bloodthirsty and warlike race. In this kind of environment, their fighting spirit only grew stronger!
According to Luo Zheng's plan, after obtaining the teleport token, he would constantly shuttle between the various main cities and harvest the "fat sheep" outside the main city.
But right now, he was in a hurry to deal with the trouble behind him!
Therefore, he didn't even look at the Demon Race cultivators outside the city and directly shot towards the main city!
"Sou!"
The speed of the fleeing light that Luo Zheng transformed into was also extremely fast!
The Devil Race martial artists who were originally engaged in a chaotic battle suddenly saw this flight light, and a look of surprise flashed across their faces one by one.
After seeing that escape light, they actually saw a bunch of skulls following behind. These Demon Race cultivators also didn't understand the situation!
"What the hell is that!"
"The one at the front seems to be a Human Race cultivator …"
"What is he doing here?"
The Demon Race cultivators inside and outside the main city were also talking about this scene.
Luo Zheng naturally didn't care about their curiosity and just flew towards the main city …
But just as he approached the main city, a Demon Race cultivator flew out from the main city with a giant spear on his shoulder. He said with a sinister smile, "Hey, where did this Human Race brat come from? If you want to escape into the main city, then leave behind your dreams …"
Before this Demon Race cultivator finished speaking, in the eyes of many Demon Race cultivators, the escape light caused by Luo Zheng's flight took a turn and circled around that Demon Race cultivator!
"Pu!"
A spray of brown blood burst out!
The Demon Race cultivator, who intended to block the way, was cut in two!
The vast majority of Demon Race cultivators didn't even see clearly what method Luo Zheng used to kill him!
By the time they reacted, Luo Zheng had already arrived at the edge of the city wall!
This scene immediately caused the Demon Race cultivators present to reveal looks of horror. Those who were still talking about it were now silent like cicadas in winter, afraid that they would be targeted by Luo Zheng.
Luo Zheng's expression was extremely indifferent. He wouldn't waste time here. He stepped onto the main city wall, turned around, and looked back. He wanted to see what would happen to these little skulls. Would they be obliterated by the rules of the main city?
Soon, the gloominess in his eyes became even more intense.
These little skulls were still grinding their white teeth, but they didn't enter the main city. They just wandered around outside the city wall, as if there was a strange force in the main city that kept them inside!
Luo Zheng clenched his teeth and walked out of the city wall once again. As soon as he left the city wall, the little skulls were like sharks that smelled blood, once again biting at Luo Zheng …
After these little skulls bit his body, Luo Zheng entered the main city once again. That invisible force once again isolated these little skulls outside!
As for the Demon Race cultivators inside and outside the main city, as they saw this scene, they all stared at each other in a daze.
"What the hell is this guy doing!?"
"I thought those skulls were his weapons. He seems to want to bring them into the main city?"
"I don't understand …"
Just now, Luo Zheng had killed a Devil Race expert with lightning speed. Now that they were discussing, they lowered their voices. The strong were always revered.
Luo Zheng frowned and thought for a while. Standing on the city wall, he suddenly reached out and grabbed a small skull in his hand like lightning. Then, he pulled it into his arms!
He was originally standing on the edge of the main city. If he took a step forward, he would be outside the city. If he took a step back, he would be inside the city. Luo Zheng wanted to pull the little skull into the main city!
But when Luo Zheng pulled the skull to the edge of the city wall, he suddenly felt a very obvious resistance!
This force obviously didn't come from these little skulls. Because when Luo Zheng grabbed a little skull, he could throw it thousands of feet away.
It seemed like the main city's restriction was preventing these little skulls from entering!
Aizen's idea was correct …
If he could bring these little skulls into the main city, he could rely on the power of the main city to kill them.
But the problem was that he couldn't bring them in!