Luo Zheng's feet were pressed against a brick on the city wall!
The power within his body that could destroy mountains and expand seas was surging out!
If he were to stand on a wall made of ordinary bricks, the wall would probably collapse like tofu.
However, the main city of the Illusory Battlefield was indestructible. Even when he used his power, the wall under his feet didn't budge at all.
The target of Luo Zheng's power was the small skeletons outside the city. The rules of the city that forbade fighting didn't take effect.
It was just that the invisible power was like an insurmountable wall! Even after Luo Zheng lit up all the dragon scales, the small skeletons still couldn't be pulled into the main city. The small skeletons could only cough and grind their teeth in his hand. They were even biting Luo Zheng's fingers.
"Hu …"
Helpless, Luo Zheng could only loosen his hands.
It was impossible to rely on the main city's power of law to destroy these small skeletons.
This main city was indestructible. Even if Luo Zheng used his full strength, he couldn't destroy the main city's walls because of the protection of the invisible power of law!
Similarly, Luo Zheng couldn't pull the small skeletons into the main city!
These little skulls were a curse cast by the Ancient Sorcerer Tribe. Once they were summoned, they would continuously "attack" Luo Zheng. This was also the reason why they were rejected by the main city.
Unless Luo Zheng had the power to destroy the main city, he wouldn't be able to bring the small skeletons into the main city. If Luo Zheng's power was so great, he wouldn't need to rely on the main city's power of law. He could directly crush the small skeletons!
Looking at the small skeletons dancing in the air, Luo Zheng shook his head and walked a few steps around the main city's walls. The small skeletons followed him like shadows, sticking close to the edge of the main city as he moved!
"These guys …"
Looking at the small skeletons baring their white teeth, Luo Zheng was speechless.
Many demon warriors stared at the walking Luo Zheng. The more they looked, the more confused they became. They couldn't understand what Luo Zheng was trying to do!
After Luo Zheng walked a few steps on the city wall, he frowned and looked at the small skeletons. Suddenly, he jumped out of the main city and picked up another small skeleton. The power in his arms surged out again, and he ruthlessly smashed the small skeleton towards the main city!
The small skeleton was like a meteor, smashing towards the main city with an extremely powerful force …
"Boom!"
When the skull smashed into the main city, it still hit an invisible wall and bounced back at an extremely fast speed. However, it bounced into the ground outside the city and directly drilled its head into it!
"Pop …"
It was unknown how far the small skeletons underground …
Not long after, the little skull's rebounding force disappeared, and it emerged from the ground far away. It quickly returned to Luo Zheng's back and bit him on the back.
"Heh! I understand now. That human brat seems to want to get rid of those skeletons behind him! "
"I don't know where he got these things. They're so sturdy. I'm afraid they're even more powerful than divine artifacts, right?"
"…"
Even though these Fiend Race martial artists suppressed their voices very softly, it still entered Luo Zheng's ears.
He was originally very depressed, but when he heard these words, his eyes flashed with killing intent …
"Since I can't clean up these broken things, I'll just plunder fantasy points first!"
When Luo Zheng's aura changed, the faces of the demon warriors inside and outside the city wall changed!
Especially some demon warriors outside the main city!
One of the demon warriors reacted the fastest. Seeing that the situation was bad, he fled towards the main city at an extremely fast speed.
Although this brat's strength was extremely abnormal, as long as he was in the main city, he would be safe!
However, Luo Zheng didn't give them a chance …
"Whoosh!"
A small skull whizzed through the air and smashed into the Demon Race cultivator's head with a tremendous force!
"Pfff …"
The Demon Race warrior was also wearing a helmet, but the small skull directly smashed the helmet to pieces. The Demon Race warrior's head was like a fragile watermelon, directly exploding!
After a ball of fantasy light scattered, it flew towards Luo Zheng.
Luo Zheng was too lazy to count the number of dreamy light spots. He simply tossed them out and then pulled off the little skulls on his back and shot them at the surrounding Demon Race martial artists!
"Pa, pfff, bang …"
All kinds of collision sounds came. Luo Zheng was helpless. In any case, these small skeletons were terrifyingly sturdy. Coupled with his terrifying strength, they could become a terrifying weapon …
However, he would rather not have these things!
In a few breaths of time, Luo Zheng killed seven or eight demon warriors.
As for the other demon warriors outside the city, most of them had already fled back to the main city. Some demon warriors fled towards the wilderness, but they didn't dare to return to the city.
Luo Zheng was too lazy to chase after them. He circled around the main city, tightly clutching a small skeleton in his hand.
Whenever he encountered a demon warrior outside the city, he would kill them all, smashing them with this small skeleton, killing them one by one …
The stronger demon warriors might have to spend a bit more effort, but the weaker ones would be killed in one move by the small skeleton.
The Demon Race cultivators in the main city began to feel despair …
None of them had expected that such a fiend would appear out of nowhere outside the main city. And it was a human brat!
When Luo Zheng circled the main city for the second time, there was no one outside the main city.
The demon warriors who were still fighting each other had either been killed by Luo Zheng and returned to the main city to be resurrected, or they didn't dare to leave the main city, or they fled into the wilderness.
"It's almost cleaned up. It's time to change the main city," Luo Zheng shook his head.
Half an hour after Luo Zheng left the main city, some demon warriors cautiously walked out of the city wall, looking in the direction Luo Zheng had left with some fear on their faces …
In the wilderness, in a deserted corner, the Teleportation Token once again appeared in Luo Zheng's hand!
After activating it, accompanied by a fierce white light, Luo Zheng's figure disappeared.
In an instant, Luo Zheng appeared in that strange space. He glanced around and raised his eyebrows slightly, "Those skulls didn't follow me?"
The Teleportation Token could allow Luo Zheng to appear in the center of a main city in an instant. If he brought these skulls into the center of the city, who knew what would happen. However … these skulls didn't follow Luo Zheng into this space.
After choosing a main city, Luo Zheng once again descended into it …
The main city that appeared in front of Luo Zheng was very unfamiliar. The houses in the main city were very exquisite. Those buildings had pointed roofs and round roofs, but it was a style that Luo Zheng had never seen before.
"The Night Clan in the Upper Realm seems to be a small clan with no name, but the buildings in the clan are exquisite and meticulous." Luo Zheng walked out of the main city while looking around.
The Night Clan was a clan that produced a lot of assassins. On the Sea God Continent, Luo Zheng had fought with this clan before.
This clan was good at assassination, but concealment and assassination weren't a path to success in the world of warriors. They couldn't occupy the mainstream.
When Luo Zheng arrived at the city wall from the center of the main city, his eyebrows twitched. Those hundreds of small skulls were already waiting for him outside the city …
He had used the Teleportation Token this time, teleporting at least tens of millions of miles!
But these small skulls could directly cut through the boundary of space and arrive here almost at the same time as him? Wasn't the witchcraft of the Ancient Sorcerer Clan too heaven-defying?
"Sigh …"
Luo Zheng could only bring these small skulls again and continue to "clean up" the city of the Night Clan.
Even though the Night Clan in the Upper Realm still specialized in assassination, under Luo Zheng's Clear Eyes Spirit Eyes, those concealment and assassination techniques seemed very powerless.
This cleaning up was easier than cleaning up the cities of the Demon Clan previously …
After a few rounds, no one dared to leave the city.
"Let's change places." Luo Zheng's gaze was indifferent, and he quietly left the main city.
But this time, he didn't take out the Teleportation Token. Instead, he took out the iron voucher.
Just now, Luo Zheng had cleaned up the "fat sheep" of two cities and accumulated a lot of fantasy points, but his ranking was still dropping …
The Illusory Battlefield's overall ranking had already fallen to 17,000, and this great world's ranking had also fallen below 300!