Luo Zheng's efficiency in obtaining Fantasy Points wasn't slow.
He didn't need to travel long distances between the main cities. He could use the Teleportation Token to easily change his location.
However, the amount of Fantasy Points he obtained couldn't be compared to some martial artists.
It seemed that he had missed something.
Or did this group of people have a secret that he didn't know?
When Luo Zheng took out the metal voucher, another thought came from it.
"Pay five million Fantasy Points and you can enter the Karma Hall. The Karma Hall needs ten people to enter at the same time. There are six people missing before the Karma Hall opens. Do you want to pay the Fantasy Points?"
Six people missing?
When Luo Zheng obtained the metal voucher, there were still three people missing!
Now, there were more and more people missing?
"No … there should be other martial artists who have already opened the Karma Hall and gathered ten people. The four people waiting inside should be from another group."
Luo Zheng's eyes flashed. His guess shouldn't be wrong.
It seemed that many martial artists had already entered the Karma Hall.
Five million Fantasy Points …
Even for Luo Zheng, this was a large number. When he plundered a main city, those martial artists wouldn't obediently line up outside the city to let him kill them. Usually, he could only kill a few dozen martial artists and accumulate less than one million Fantasy Points.
After all, there were many main cities in this large world. Not every main city had someone like Ji Luoxue.
It seemed that he should enter and take a gamble.
After making this decision, Luo Zheng sent a thought into the metal voucher.
"Pay the Fantasy Points!"
"Whoosh whoosh whoosh whoosh whoosh …"
At this moment, countless Fantasy Points of Light flew out from Luo Zheng's body!
Five million Fantasy Points of Light were extracted from Luo Zheng's body and flew into the metal voucher. Due to the large number of Fantasy Points of Light, this process lasted for a while.
Looking at the yellow Fantasy Points of Light, Luo Zheng was in deep thought.
The Fantasy Points of Light were only used to calculate the ranking …
It shouldn't be that simple. Otherwise, for some of the weaker warriors of the Spirit Sea Realm, participating in the Dreamy Battlefield could only be a group of lambs waiting to be slaughtered. The only purpose of participating in the Dreamy Battlefield was to experience life and death situations and hone one's mind.
As for the Heavenly Dao's arrangements and the other uses of these Fantasy Points, he could only wait until the Illusory Battlefield closed.
After the 5 million fantasy points were absorbed by the metal voucher, the entire metal voucher blossomed with intense yellow light!
"Pa!"
With a crisp sound, the yellow light began to expand and turned into a door of light!
Looking at the light in front of him, Luo Zheng took a step forward and entered it!
Inside the door …
It was a squarish little house.
When Luo Zheng entered, he glanced around and found four people sitting in the corner of the room.
One Demon Clan cultivator and three Human Clan cultivators. Among the three Human Clan cultivators, there were two males and one female …
The aura emitted from these people wasn't weak. Their strength definitely couldn't be underestimated. At the very least, they had the strength to fight against Luo Zheng!
After all, the martial artists who could activate the iron certificate must have passed through some ancient ruins or secret places to obtain this iron certificate.
As for activating the metal certificate, it required five million fantasy points.
For a martial artist who could accumulate more than five million fantasy points, luck was very important, but their strength was definitely not weak!
"Another one came in. There are still five people left." One of them glanced at Luo Zheng indifferently and immediately closed his eyes.
On the other hand, the Demon Race martial artist's eyes circled around Luo Zheng, sizing him up. There was a hint of provocation in his eyes. In fact, this Demon Race martial artist was the first to enter. He had provoked the people in front of him, but they all ignored him …
"This is the Karma Hall? It doesn't seem to have an exit? " Luo Zheng looked around and reached out to touch his shoulder. Those skulls had been biting his back. After he entered the door, the skulls didn't follow him in. He was relaxed but a little unaccustomed!
"This is just a waiting room. Once there are ten people, the Karma Hall can be opened. You just have to wait here." The human woman in white said expressionlessly.
It was obviously not the first time this human woman entered the Karma Hall. She was very familiar with the entire process.
In fact, besides Luo Zheng and the Demon Clan cultivator, this was not the first time the other three human martial artists had entered the Karma Hall.
In their opinion, Luo Zheng and the Demon Clan cultivator entering for the first time would definitely drag them down and become a burden. They were slightly disappointed.
But the Karma Hall required ten people to open. After opening, they would need to cooperate with each other to go further in the Karma Hall. Not to mention, fighting was prohibited in this room. They couldn't drive out Luo Zheng and the Demon Clan cultivator. It was also because of this that the small skulls biting Luo Zheng couldn't enter this room …
Luo Zheng nodded slightly. He didn't mind this woman's attitude.
But waiting here made Luo Zheng a little depressed. He didn't want to waste time. If he had known earlier, he would have investigated the metal certificate. It would have been better if he had waited until the nine people entered.
Since he had entered, Luo Zheng walked to a corner of the room.
After Luo Zheng sat down, the atmosphere in the room became oppressive. The woman in white sat in a corner with her legs crossed, seemingly resting with her eyes closed.
The two human men sat cross-legged, seemingly adjusting the True Qi in their bodies. Only the Demon Clan cultivator's bell-sized eyes were staring around, as if he wanted to fight someone here.
After Luo Zheng sat down, he gently patted the table. After a light "pa" sound, a miniature mountain began to spin out.
It was the Divine Essencefused Mountain that Luo Zheng had refined!
After defeating Ji Luoxue, Luo Zheng used the Blood Refining Method to exchange a jade slip with Ji Luoxue.
This jade slip recorded her Ji Family's secret method, which could be used to refine the Divine Essencefused Force.
Now that he had to wait for the other cultivators to enter this room, Luo Zheng used this time to try to refine the Divine Essencefused Force.
When Luo Zheng took out the miniature Divine Essencefused Mountain, the Demon Clan cultivator glanced at it slightly and showed a disdainful look on his face. Refining a mountain into a magic weapon was a very stupid act, at least in the eyes of this Demon Clan cultivator.
As for the other two human cultivators, when they saw the miniature mountain in Luo Zheng's hand, their eyes flashed slightly. After looking at Luo Zheng for a while, they closed their eyes again.
The two human cultivators felt the Divine Essencefused Mountain's Five Elements Force and also saw that it was extraordinary, but they didn't put it in their eyes.
The remaining woman in white glanced over indifferently. She originally wanted to look away, but suddenly, she seemed to think of something. Her delicate eyes abruptly widened as she stared blankly at the Divine Essencefused Mountain in Luo Zheng's hand.
"Is … is the miniature mountain in your hand a refined Divine Essencefused Mountain?" The originally cold voice became somewhat restrained at this moment.
Obviously, this woman knew very well how difficult it was to refine the Divine Essencefused Mountain, or in other words, it was impossible to refine! But the miniature mountain in front of her was clearly a complete Divine Essencefused Mountain, and it had been refined by this person! This was what she found inconceivable.
Luo Zheng nodded slightly and said to the woman in white, "Yes."
After softly saying this, Luo Zheng undid the seal Ji Luoxue left on the jade slip and began to absorb the secret method on the jade slip.
The woman in white kept looking at Luo Zheng and the Divine Essencefused Mountain in his hand, and she began to guess the origins of this young man. Although she was curious about how Luo Zheng had refined the Divine Essencefused Mountain, she knew that it wasn't appropriate to ask.
This Divine Essencefused Force …
It was a force formed naturally after the five elements were mixed.
One had to circulate the power of five Laws at the same time, and these five Laws had to be in a state of balance.
The more balanced they were, the easier it was to extract the Divine Essencefused Mountain, but it wasn't easy to control the power of five Laws in a state of perfect balance.
After Luo Zheng absorbed the contents of the jade slip, he obtained this information …
Circulate the power of five Origin Laws?
Maintain a state of perfect balance?
When he thought of this, Luo Zheng drew out five strands of Chaotic Qi from his dantian …
The strands of Chaotic Qi flowed into his hand through his meridians, but each strand of Chaotic Qi flowed into a different finger through his meridians.
Not long after, his five fingers flickered with light, and five different powers of laws appeared. However, the powers of laws were not balanced.
＝＝＝＝＝