The power of the five elemental laws was independent from the other origin laws. It was the most origin law power in this world.
Most of the matter in this world was made up of these five types of laws.
It was extremely simple for any martial artist to manifest the power of a single Law!
After all, many cultivation techniques were driven by the power of laws. In other words, they used the power of laws to deduce a special kind of law profundity.
Some Martial Skills even required the fusion of two or three types of Law Energies or the use of them alternately to achieve the desired effect. This required a large amount of practice and comprehension.
It was already quite amazing for an ordinary martial artist to comprehend five different types of laws. This was not a threshold for Luo Zheng.
However, the Ji Family's secret technique was to achieve an absolute balance between the five elemental laws of metal, wood, water, fire, and earth. This was quite a big test for Luo Zheng.
Actually, achieving an absolute balance between the five elemental laws was an extremely powerful martial technique.
Ji Luoxue's Five Elemental Palm that day had fused this secret technique into a palm martial technique. That Five Elemental Palm was also an extremely powerful killing move. However, Ji Luoxue's One Thought and Two Bodies had not merged, so the power of the five elements was not complete.
At this moment, Luo Zheng's thumb was dyed with a layer of pale gold. The golden light was very dazzling. If one looked directly at this color, it would give a glaring feeling. This was the power of the metal elemental laws.
A warm flame rose on his index finger. This was the power of the fire elemental laws.
His middle finger was suffused with a heavy aura. This was the power of the earth elemental laws.
Waves of water rippled on his ring finger. This was the power of the water elemental laws.
His little finger was overflowing with a pale green aura of life. This was the power of the wood elemental laws.
Although Luo Zheng could not completely balance these five types of laws, he still suppressed the five types of laws with the advantage of the Chaotic Qi!
The white-clothed woman in the room looked at Luo Zheng's hand with an even more surprised expression.
This woman was the same as Ji Luoxue. She came from Gods No Thought. She belonged to a colossus similar to the Ji Family. Although her status and talent were not as good as Ji Luoxue's, she knew that the fusion of the five elements was a secret technique unique to the Ji Family. It was also the most famous cultivation technique of the Ji Family's ancestor.
This secret technique is not to be divulged to outsiders …
Not only did the young man refine the Divine Essencefused Mountain, but he also seemed to be cultivating the Ji Clan's secret art?
She was even more curious about Luo Zheng's background.
Luo Zheng concentrated on the Power of the Five Elements in his palm. The Power of the Five Elements reinforced and restrained each other. It was extremely difficult to completely bind the Power of the Five Elements in his hand.
At this moment, he naturally wouldn't pay attention to anyone else. He also didn't know that the white-clothed woman was staring at him …
"Gathering these five types of Laws in one hand actually produced such a strong repulsive force!"
The five elements counter one another. Metal counters wood, wood counters earth, earth counters water, water counters fire, fire counters metal …
Metal begets water, water begets wood, wood begets fire, fire begets earth, earth begets metal …
"No wonder the first key point of this secret art is to completely balance the Power of the Five Elements. As long as one type of Law is slightly more than the other, it will affect each other, and then it will affect the other types of Law. After that, they will begin to repel each other … Only when they are completely balanced can they reinforce and restrain each other and coexist on the same palm!"
As Luo Zheng thought about this, he pushed his palm toward the mini mountain in front of him. This palm directly imprinted itself on the Divine Essencefused Mountain!
With this light pat, Luo Zheng wanted to use the Ji Clan's secret art to draw out the Power of Magnetism from the Divine Essencefused Mountain!
But at this moment, the water on his ring finger suddenly flashed and rushed toward the flame on his index finger. However, that wisp of flame was very afraid and desperately rushed toward his little finger …
"Pu …"
In the chaos, the Power of the Five Elements on Luo Zheng's five fingers finally collapsed.
Seeing this scene, Luo Zheng smiled bitterly and then shook his head. As expected, it still didn't work.
The moment he withdrew his palm, the white-clothed woman took the initiative to speak. "This Ji Clan's Five Elements Fusion Technique is no small matter. You seem … to have just started cultivating it?"
Luo Zheng looked up at the white-clothed woman and nodded slightly.
If this was the outside world, Luo Zheng would have to avoid it. However, in this Illusory Battlefield, he was facing all the warriors of the Divine Sea Realm, so he couldn't be bothered to deliberately hide it.
"I remember that the prodigy of the Ji Clan spent a full six years to cultivate this technique before he reached Initial Attainment … I'm afraid it's impossible to cultivate it successfully in a short time," the white-clothed woman continued. In her opinion, the prodigy of the Ji Clan, Ji Luoxue, was already a top existence among the younger generation. How many people in the entire world were more talented than her?
When the white-clothed woman saw that Luo Zheng was grasping this little bit of time to cultivate, she was afraid that he was in a hurry to succeed. The most taboo thing for warriors to cultivate was to be in a hurry to succeed. She couldn't help but speak up to teach Luo Zheng.
Hearing this, Luo Zheng only smiled slightly and didn't speak anymore. With a thought, he extracted another five strands of Chaotic Qi from the Chaotic Sea and poured it into his hand.
Soon, five different rays of light appeared in Luo Zheng's hand and intertwined in the room.
"Pu …"
This time, Luo Zheng didn't forcefully suppress the power. The result was as expected. It collapsed even faster than the last time!
In the blink of an eye, the five types of Power of Law interacted with each other in Luo Zheng's hand and collapsed one after another.
When the white-clothed woman saw this scene, her eyes revealed an expression that said she had expected this. There was even a faint smile. Even Ji Luoxue needed six years. If you want to master this secret technique, it'll be enough for you to be proud if you spend ten years! If you want to master it in such a short time, it's undoubtedly wishful thinking!
Unfortunately, the white-clothed woman didn't understand Luo Zheng's character. The more challenging something was, the more he refused to believe it and would grit his teeth to overcome it.
After the second circulation of the Power of the Five Elements collapsed, Luo Zheng extracted another five strands of Chaotic Qi in the blink of an eye!
But this time, Luo Zheng adjusted the positions of the Power of the Five Elements!
The Power of Law of Water condensed on his thumb, the Power of Law of Fire gathered on his little finger, and the Power of Law of Metal was moved to his middle finger by Luo Zheng …
In this way, the powers that restrained each other were separated from each other!
Although Luo Zheng still couldn't achieve complete balance, the situation of the five types of Power of Law repelling each other was indeed reduced by a lot.
This time, Luo Zheng once again slapped the miniature hill in front of him!
As Luo Zheng gently imprinted his palm on the miniature hill, his mind began to activate the Power of Origin Magnetism in accordance with the secret technique.
"Buzz buzz buzz …"
On the other side of the Divine Origin Magnetism Mountain, a palm imprint also appeared. The shape and size of this palm imprint were exactly the same as the one left by Luo Zheng's palm on the front.
"Pu …"
When Luo Zheng persisted to this step, the Power of the Five Elements in his hand collapsed again!
The moment it collapsed, Luo Zheng's eyes flashed. His hands quickly circled around the Divine Origin Magnetism Mountain, and the Divine Origin Magnetism Mountain continuously spun around.
As Luo Zheng's hands circled around the mountain, a green-gray light suddenly appeared in the center of Luo Zheng's palm!
This light was like a mark that lingered in the center of Luo Zheng's palm … but the light only lingered for a moment before it began to quickly dissipate. After a breath, the light had completely disappeared.
This was the Power of Origin Magnetism?
It was a pity that fighting was prohibited in this room. Otherwise, he would have been able to test the might of the Power of Origin Magnetism. Hearing Ji Luoxue's marvelous words, Luo Zheng himself didn't pay too much attention to it.
After all, Luo Zheng was guarding an Immortal Mansion, which was tantamount to a mountain of treasures. He didn't care about the other techniques in this universe.
However, Luo Zheng didn't know that he had underestimated the Power of Origin Magnetism …
In the end, the Power of Origin Magnetism was an important part of cultivating the Divine Dao of the Five Elements. To some extent, there might be a gap between it and Luo Zheng's Emotion Severing Divine Dao, but in the end, it was still a Divine Dao!
As for the white-clothed woman who had been secretly observing Luo Zheng, when she saw Luo Zheng really extract the Power of Origin Magnetism, her pale pink little mouth unconsciously opened slightly. She stared blankly at Luo Zheng, her face full of disbelief.