Strictly speaking, Luo Zheng hadn't completely succeeded.
Ji Luoxue had his back against the Divine Origin Magnetic Mountain now, and when he struck out with his palm, he drew out a thousand times more magnetic force than Luo Zheng!
Luo Zheng had only suppressed the Five Elements Laws earlier and forcefully extracted the magnetic force …
But he was able to extract a trace of magnetic force after merely three attempts. Even if Ji Luoxue was here, he would probably be stunned when he saw this scene.
This was a little too fast …
When she was sent to the Divine Origin Magnetic Mountain by the Ji Family's ancestor, she had stayed there for three years!
She had only extracted a trace of magnetic force at the end of the second year, and Luo Zheng had merely spent an hour in the entire process.
This white-clothed woman was a core disciple of another large family in Gods No Thoughts, and she was an existence second only to the prodigies. She had been influenced since she was young and knew how terrifying those prodigies were!
Among her peers, Ji Luoxue was like a proud phoenix that was always high and mighty and received the protection of her elders. The strength that Ji Luoxue displayed also far surpassed her peers.
The white-clothed woman was once unconvinced, and she secretly worked hard to cultivate in an attempt to close the gap between her and Ji Luoxue, and even wanted to surpass Ji Luoxue! But in the end, she saw the reality. Some people in this world were born different, and as she worked hard, the gap between her and Ji Luoxue grew larger and larger …
This was the strength of a prodigy!
If Ji Luoxue, as a prodigy, had spent six years to completely master this secret technique, then what was this young man before her …? Was he a monster?
She originally wanted to continue watching and see to what extent Luo Zheng's mastery of the Ji Family's mystic technique would reach in such a short period of time, but in the end, Luo Zheng put away the Divine Origin Magnetic Mountain …
It wasn't that Luo Zheng wasn't willing to continue cultivating, but fighting was prohibited in this room, and even if he extracted a trace of magnetic force, it would only be a waste.
After putting away the Divine Origin Magnetic Mountain, Luo Zheng didn't stop cultivating, and he just continuously used the chaotic energy to transform the five types of Laws into ceaselessly coiling around his palm, seeking that feeling of balance.
Only after the five types of Law Forces were completely balanced could the Prime Magnetic Force be at his fingertips.
At this moment, a thin line suddenly appeared on a wall somewhere in the room. The thin line extended from the corner of the wall all the way up. After about seven feet, it turned 90 degrees and finally formed the outline of a door.
"Buzz buzz …"
The entire door emitted a luster, and not long after, the door of light was pushed open by someone!
Then, someone pushed open the door and entered!
"The sixth person …"
Everyone's eyes flashed slightly, and their gazes focused on that person.
This person was also a Human Clan warrior.
The Human Race warrior wore a round hat on his head. His face was gloomy and arrogant. After meeting everyone's gaze, he coldly snorted, "What's there to see? Is there a flower growing on my face?"
Warriors who could collect the iron certificate and pour in five million fantasy points were not to be trifled with. They were either the inheritors of a Realm Lord or the Holy Son of a Holy Land. Warriors like this could be found in the hundreds of thousands in the entire universe.
The white-clothed woman and the other two Human Clan warriors didn't change their expressions when they heard the round hat warrior's words. The three of them just sneered in their hearts.
Luo Zheng smiled slightly, and then focused on controlling the balance of the five elements in his hand. He naturally wouldn't argue with this person.
However, the Demon Clan warrior couldn't get used to it. It was fine that the Demon Clan warrior didn't find trouble with the newcomer, but this guy wearing a round hat actually dared to speak rudely.
"Hehe, can't I look?" The Demon Clan warrior asked.
"Why don't you look again?" The round hat warrior stared at the Demon Clan warrior and said.
"I'll look again!" The Demon Clan warrior said with a straight face.
"If you look again, I'll …"
Hearing the meaningless conversation between the round hat warrior and the Demon Clan warrior, Luo Zheng, the white-clothed woman, and the other two Human Clan warriors couldn't help but roll their eyes.
They clearly knew that there were rules and restrictions in this room, and they couldn't fight. In any case, the two of them were geniuses in the Divine Sea Realm, but they were here talking nonsense. How bored were they?
Especially the Demon Clan warrior. His voice was loud and clear, and he was as vigorous as an ox. When he quarreled with the round hat warrior, his voice echoed in the room. This room wasn't big, so it was very noisy to the ears!
Luo Zheng didn't care. His mind was calm, and he focused on the five elements in his hand, as if he didn't hear anything.
However, the white-clothed woman frowned more and more. The faces of the other two Human Clan warriors also became gloomy!
"If you quarrel again, I will kill the two of you after leaving this room!" The short Human Clan warrior couldn't bear it anymore and finally shouted!
After saying that, the short warrior stretched out his hand, and a short sword floated in his hand.
The short sword's appearance was ordinary, but there was a unique engraving on the blade. There was a faint golden light on the blade of the short sword, and there were some incomplete Sanskrit characters in the golden light.
The round hat warrior and the Demon Clan warrior, who were quarreling, saw the short sword. Their eyes narrowed slightly, and a trace of surprise appeared on their faces.
"The Supreme Artifact, Buddha's Blade?" The round hat warrior stared at the short sword and asked the short warrior, "You are a cultivator from the Ten Thousand Buddha Sacred Realm!"
There were only more than 3,000 Supreme Artifacts in the whole world. Many warriors had already memorized them. Although they hadn't seen it with their own eyes, the round hat warrior had already guessed the origin of this short sword based on the momentum and appearance of this short sword.
Buddha's Blade …
Buddha's Golden Mouth, Sentence Death!
This Buddha's Sun Blade contained an extremely powerful sure-kill power!
This was the most famous weapon in the Ten Thousand Buddha Sacred Realm, the most precious treasure of the Black Face Buddha Hall. The short warrior must have an extraordinary origin to be able to bring him into the Illusory Battlefield.
Most of the warriors in the Ten Thousand Buddha Sacred Realm were monks. Naturally, they wore cassocks and had shiny heads.
But not everyone was like this. Although the Ten Thousand Buddha Sacred Realm was a Buddhist holy land, some cultivators who entered the world did not need to abide by the rules and precepts of the major temples.
The woman in white glanced at the short sword in the short warrior's hand indifferently, but her face remained calm. Although a Supreme Artifact was rare, it was not enough to make her afraid …
Buddha's Blade?
After hearing the Supreme Artifact, Luo Zheng couldn't help but take a few more glances, but all his attention was still focused on the Power of Five Elements in his hand.
After the short warrior drew his sword, it was quite effective.
The round hat warrior who came in later realized that these guys in front of him were not to be trifled with, so he covered his hat and pushed it to a corner of the room.
The demon warrior's eyes were still filled with provocation, but he didn't make a ruckus …
After the professional round hat warrior entered, another thin line appeared on the wall, and another door opened.
The seventh warrior had entered.
This seventh person was a woman from the Demon Night Clan. She didn't cause any trouble, but after glancing at everyone indifferently, she leaned against the wall and maintained a straight posture. Then, she took out a long arrow from the quiver on her back and stroked the shiny arrowhead with her fingers.
In this great world, there were actually many people who had obtained the iron voucher, and they were also paying attention to the number of people in the iron voucher.
Most people would hesitate before using the iron voucher. After all, if they wanted to enter the Karma Hall, they would have to deduct five million Fantasy points. Anyone would feel the pinch.
But as the number of people gradually increased, some warriors who were originally hesitant made up their minds.
As a result, the number of people in the room increased rapidly.
After the woman from the Demon Night Clan entered the room, in less than half an hour, another door opened!
The eighth person …
A demon warrior.
At the same time, another door opened.
The ninth person …
The tenth person!
Luo Zheng waited for more than half a day before the ten people in the Karma Hall were finally gathered.
"Finally gathered." The woman in white smiled slightly. After getting up, she took the initiative to say to Luo Zheng, "Okay, let's go."
The woman in white didn't have any hostility. Instead, she was very polite to Luo Zheng. Luo Zheng naturally smiled back. "But this room doesn't have a door. Where should we go?"
"No need, just stand here," the woman in white said.