After the four walls collapsed, they immediately dissipated, and the ceiling above their heads also disappeared in an instant.
A majestic mountain appeared in front of everyone!
This huge mountain range was submerged in thick white clouds, like a fairyland.
Ten people, including Luo Zheng, stood on a platform at the foot of the mountain.
"Isn't this iron voucher known as the Karma Hall? Why is there such a big mountain? "Luo Zheng asked curiously.
When the others heard Luo Zheng's words, they turned a deaf ear. After all, it was the first time most of them had entered, and they were unable to answer Luo Zheng's question.
"This is the Karma Hall. We'll understand once we go up the mountain," the white-clothed woman replied with a smile. "After leaving this platform, all the restrictions will be removed. However, I don't wish for everyone to fight against each other," the white-clothed woman said to the others.
"Why should we?" A sinister voice floated over.
Some warriors already had the intention to fight …
Since they could afford to spend five million fantasy points to enter the Karma Hall, they must have a lot of fantasy points!
The white-clothed woman said with a smile, "The fantasy points obtained in the Karma Hall are calculated in the tens of millions. If your luck is good, you can even obtain some Supreme Artifacts that have yet to appear. If you are willing to fight with each other here, there is no problem …"
Hearing the white-clothed woman's words, everyone's expression changed.
These warriors were able to enter the iron voucher, so they had a lot of fantasy points to spare. Even if they paid five million fantasy points, they would still have a few million fantasy points left.
However, these Fantasy Points were accumulated bit by bit after experiencing countless battles!
Could they obtain tens of millions of fantasy points in the Karma Hall?
Could they even obtain a Supreme Artifact?
This kind of information had no choice but to make those martial artists who harbored murderous intent reconsider.
After the white-clothed woman finished speaking, she didn't have too many misgivings. She nodded slightly at Luo Zheng and said, "Let's go!"
After speaking, she was the first to step out of the platform and onto the steps of the mountain.
Luo Zheng's eyes flickered slightly. From the white-clothed woman's words, it seemed that he could obtain a large number of fantasy points here.
In the tens of millions?
No wonder his ranking had not risen during this period of time and had instead fallen!
Presumably, most of the martial artists in front of him had already entered Karma Hall!
Compared to the Karma Hall, the speed at which he was plundering Fantasy Points could not keep up.
He didn't think too much about it and followed the white-clothed woman out, taking a step up the stairs …
However …
The moment Luo Zheng stepped on the stairs, he suddenly had a bad premonition. When he raised his head, he heard a burst of "Cough, cough, cough".
That group of damned skeletons actually appeared again!
After Luo Zheng entered the room, it was temporarily quiet for a long time. He didn't expect that just as he left the hall, the group of skeletons would actually follow him.
Previously, when Luo Zheng used the Teleportation Token to travel from one big city to another, these skulls had caught up with him at an incredible speed.
Now, Luo Zheng directly used the iron voucher to enter the Karma Hall. He didn't know how far away he was from his previous location, but these skulls still followed him …
Could it be that after he left the Illusory Battlefield, they could still follow him into the immortal mansion?
It didn't matter if they were in the Illusory Battlefield. After all, the Illusory Battlefield was both real and illusory. However, if they could follow him into the immortal mansion, that would be really bad.
As for the other nine martial artists, they were shocked when they saw this scene!
Even the white-clothed woman leading the way was somewhat dazed when she saw the surging skulls. "What, what are these things?"
Luo Zheng's expression was calm. He was more or less used to it. "I provoked them in a mystic realm …"
"Is that so? These small skulls can't be dispelled? "
After saying that, the white-clothed woman walked to Luo Zheng's side and plucked a small skull from his back. After carefully observing it, a thin bolt of lightning suddenly blossomed from her slender fingers!
"Crack!"
After that bolt of lightning suddenly shot out, it completely enveloped the skull!
Although this bolt of lightning was very small, the power contained within it made even Luo Zheng secretly apprehensive.
The power of the lightning was indeed astonishing, and the light it released was extremely dazzling. However … it was useless.
After the lightning dissipated, the skulls were still intact.
Luo Zheng wasn't too surprised by this result. These small skulls were indestructible. The Karma Law contained within them was probably as tyrannical as the Heavenly Dao. If they could be so easily destroyed, then there wouldn't be so many small skulls hanging behind the Empyrean that besieged him that day. If even an Empyrean couldn't do anything about it, how could a Divine Sea Realm martial artist dispel it?
"Hehe, let me try …"
The one who spoke was the demon martial artist who had been constantly provoking others. In that room, this guy seemed to want to fight everyone, but now he was very well-behaved …
The Demon Race warrior also plucked off a skull.
"Let me try too!"
"Hey, these skulls are divine tools. I wonder if I can destroy them!"
"Give me one …"
"There are so many behind that guy. You go and pluck them yourself …"
"…"
Luo Zheng, who was standing on the spot, was in a complete mess.
Didn't everyone come to the Karma Hall? How come all of their attention was on the skulls behind him?
Seeing Luo Zheng's expression, the white-clothed woman covered her mouth and smiled. Releasing her lily-white hand, the skull automatically flew behind Luo Zheng and bit into Luo Zheng's back. She then said, "If I'm not wrong, these skulls should come from a curse!"
"You guessed right." Luo Zheng shrugged his shoulders.
"Legend has it that the witchcraft of the ancient clans coincided with the Heavenly Dao Law. They used the method of cursing to steal the Will of Heaven. Therefore, their witchcraft is extremely powerful. That curse is almost impossible to break …" The white-clothed woman said.
"Steal the Will of Heaven?"
Hearing this, Luo Zheng was slightly taken aback.
The white-clothed woman faintly smiled. "Actually, I don't really understand … but there are only 128 Wills of Heaven. If you use unorthodox methods to obtain the Will of Heaven, I'm afraid you will be punished by the Heavenly Dao!"
The Will of Heaven was the supreme law of karma in the universe.
There were 128 Wills of Heaven in the universe, not one more, not one less!
When a Heavenly Venerable fell, the Will of Heaven dissipated, and then a new crown of Will of Heaven was born.
However, legend has it that the ancient clans used some unknown method to use witchcraft to execute the supreme law of karma. This method had already exceeded the limits of the Heavenly Dao, so it was not tolerated by the Heavenly Dao.
Today's ancient martial art practitioners were guessing that this was the reason why the Ancient Sorcerer Tribe had completely disappeared overnight!
However, more than a billion years had passed since the disappearance of the ancient clans. It was a matter of the past that had been covered in dust by time. It was inevitable that there would be some deviations in everyone's guesses.
"Let's go. I forgot to mention earlier that flying is prohibited in the Karma Hall. So, we can only climb up these stairs one step at a time." After the white-clothed woman finished speaking, she didn't stay any longer and directly climbed up the winding stairs.
Luo Zheng also followed behind the white-clothed woman.
At the same time, the eight warriors behind Luo Zheng were each using their own methods to break the small skull.
"Ah ah ah … I can't break it! It even broke my Dark Demon saber! "
The Demon Race warrior held the pitch-black saber in his hand, his face full of heartache. His saber was also a first-grade divine artifact, but when he slashed down, the small skull remained intact while a semi-circular gap appeared on the saber!
Fortunately, a weapon that was damaged in the Illusory Battlefield was still intact in the outside world. Otherwise, this fellow would definitely go crazy!
But now that his saber was damaged, he would have to face many battles. Without this first-grade divine artifact, it would be somewhat inconvenient.
Hearing the words of this Demon Race warrior, the others looked at him as if he was an idiot …
They had only taken the small skull from Luo Zheng's back out of curiosity. Was there a need to risk it like this?
Naturally, no one was able to break the small skull, so they all gave up. The small skull returned to its original owner and stuck to Luo Zheng's back, grinding its white teeth. The other eight warriors followed behind Luo Zheng and climbed up the stairs.
＝＝＝＝＝