This white jade staircase was about twenty feet wide. From the bottom of this majestic mountain, there were hundreds of thousands of stairs.
Although flying was prohibited, the speed of this group of ten was not considered slow.
With the white-clothed woman's warning, the vigilance between the ten people was temporarily lowered.
After all, the ten people present could be ranked in the top one thousand of this great world. But in the entire Illusory Battlefield, they could be ranked in the top one hundred thousand.
None of them were confident that they could defeat the others in one bite. Moreover, the white-clothed woman also said that the Karma Hall would reward them with tens of millions.
Along the way, the white-clothed woman walked at the front. Luo Zheng followed behind her. The other cultivators maintained a certain distance and climbed at a uniform speed. The short cultivator from the Human Race brought up the rear.
After climbing like this for the time it takes to burn an incense stick, everyone stopped in front of a hall. The staircase extended here and connected to the hall. If they wanted to continue climbing, they had to pass through this hall.
This hall was entirely white and had a magnificent appearance. It was unknown what material it was made of. There were no signs on the outer wall.
Among the ten people, only the white-clothed woman was entering the Karma Hall for the second time. Everyone's gaze rested on the white-clothed woman.
The white-clothed woman smiled faintly and said, "This is the first Karma Hall. The difficulty is not high. Everyone can enter."
Luo Zheng nodded. Since he had gritted his teeth and spent five million fantasy points, there was no need for him to hesitate.
Thus, everyone followed behind Luo Zheng and stepped into the hall.
In the empty hall, there was nothing.
The cultivators present had explored many secret realms in the Illusory Battlefield.
Facing this situation, a trace of vigilance rose in everyone's heart. Of course, this included Luo Zheng.
Just like when he entered the Great Toon Divine Tree's crown. Although the surroundings were quiet, it was extremely dangerous. If it were any other cultivator, the slightest carelessness would have caused them to fall.
But even someone as strong as Luo Zheng attracted a pile of small skulls behind him.
Seeing everyone so vigilant, the white-clothed woman smiled faintly and said, "Don't be too nervous. This is the first Karma Hall. It won't be too difficult."
"What's in this Karma Hall?" someone asked.
The white-clothed woman smiled faintly. "As the name suggests, the tests in the Karma Hall all use the Laws of Heavenly Dao as attacks. Each attack contains the Law of Karma!"
Although the white-clothed woman's expression was relaxed, her words still caused everyone's expression to change.
..... Even Luo Zheng's eyes flashed.
As long as it involved the law of causality, it was the middle or even superior law of the universe!
. Why was a supreme divine artifact? The reason...
...........................................................................
...... of Karma.......... of Karma....................
The white-clothed woman shook her head. "It seems to be different every time. I'm not sure. But I know that the first Karma Hall won't be too difficult. As long as you're careful, everyone can pass."
Seeing the hesitation on everyone's faces, the white-clothed woman was the first to enter the hall. Then, she turned around. The nine people behind her, including Luo Zheng, all followed her in. Their expressions suddenly turned ugly.
This group of people was too distrustful. They felt like they were being treated as idiots who were scouting the way.
When the woman in white took a few steps forward, a mysterious rune suddenly appeared on the left wall of the Karma Hall. In the center of the rune was a drawing of a strange figure. A white ray of light shot out from the mouth of the figure. After the ray of light appeared, it left the wall and flew towards the woman in white in the hall!
"Be careful," Luo Zheng warned.
Although it was indeed somewhat unkind to let a woman lead the way, the white-clothed woman had previously said that all attacks in the Karma Hall would involve the laws of karma. This had still frightened everyone. Luo Zheng could only make a plan before taking action!
This light looked very ordinary, but in fact, it contained a life and death killing intent. He couldn't understand the mysterious power contained within.
At least, Luo Zheng was sure that if he was pierced by this white light, he would undoubtedly die. Although he didn't know what kind of laws of karma were contained within this white light.
Everyone's eyes were also filled with shock!
What kind of damned place was this Karma Hall? How could there be such a terrifying attack as soon as they entered?
On the other hand, the white-clothed woman was extremely calm. She calmly took a step back and watched as the white ray of light flashed past her. On the other side of the hall, another mysterious rune appeared. Within the rune, there was a drawing of a strange animal. The ray of light directly entered the mouth of the drawing and disappeared...
"I said that the first Karma Hall wouldn't be too difficult. As long as we are careful, everyone will be able to pass through without any problems," the white-clothed woman said.
Then, she took a few more steps. Another white light appeared on one side of the wall. It crossed the entire hall and disappeared into the other side of the hall.
At this time, Luo Zheng and the others also took a step forward and followed behind the white-clothed woman.
The test of the first Karma Hall was indeed not difficult.
It was just a white light passing by. For this group of martial artists, even if there were hundreds of light rays refracting in this hall, as long as they were given enough space, they would be able to pass through it freely!
But these light rays still gave everyone a kind of hidden threat.
It was like a person walking on the same spot as if he were walking on flat ground. If he were placed a hundred meters in the air, although the path in front of him was wide, he would still have some misgivings and slow down.
Many martial artists were currently in such a state of mind …
Every ten feet in the hall, they would encounter a white light ray.
And as everyone continued to move forward, the speed of the white light rays became faster and faster.
This speed was relative!
In the eyes of Luo Zheng and the others, the speed of the white light rays was not much different from that of a snail.
After all, with their speed, it would take less than a breath's time to cross this Karma Hall at full speed …
It was just that everyone was more or less afraid of these white lights, so they didn't dare to be rash. They just followed the rhythm of the light rays and waited until the light rays passed by before taking a step forward.
The speed and frequency of each light ray was not fixed.
The deeper they went into the hall, the faster the light rays penetrating through the walls.
Sometimes, the light rays would suddenly pass through the wall, stopping in the center of the hall for a moment, and then accelerate and disappear into the wall on the other side.
Sometimes, the light rays would directly enter from one side of the wall to the other at a speed that was difficult for everyone's eyes to follow. After waiting for a few breaths of time, it would repeat again …
There was a pattern to these light rays passing through. To many martial artists, it was just a little trick. The more familiar everyone was, the more relaxed they became, and the faster they passed through.
"Another ten feet and we will be able to pass through this hall," the white-clothed woman said. She had already become the leader of this group.
"What's the reward for passing the first hall?" the demon martial artist asked.
"You will know when we pass through," the white-clothed woman smiled faintly.
At this moment, Luo Zheng suddenly stopped. He looked at the white light passing through in front of him, and once again thought about the skulls behind him.
Would this white light ray be able to annihilate the small skulls?
Thinking of this, Luo Zheng once again took a small skull from behind him. He carefully held the small skull with his hand and placed it on the path of the white light ray.
"Xiu …"
The white ray of light suddenly shot out and hit the little skeleton's head in an instant!
At the same time, an extremely huge power suddenly came from Luo Zheng's hand. This power was far beyond Luo Zheng's imagination! It was probably countless times stronger than the power of all of Luo Zheng's dragon scales lit up!
Luo Zheng's face suddenly changed, and he instantly let go!
He saw that the white light ray was deflected by the small skull, and shot towards the ceiling of the Karma Hall.
"Pa pa pa …"