The walls of this Karma Hall should also be attached to the Laws of Heavenly Dao. Just like the main city outside, they were almost indestructible.
The impact of the little skeleton contained an extremely strong potential energy. The speed at which it shot out couldn't be seen with the naked eye, so there was no way to avoid it …
Everyone was dumbfounded as they saw this scene. They all stood there in a daze, not daring to move!
Peng!
The Little Skull continued to bounce forward, passing by the Demon cultivator and hitting a spike on the Demon cultivator's shoulder armor.
The demon martial artist's armor was a Grade One Divine Artifact. It could continuously absorb a martial artist's True Essence and fuse with the martial artist. Its strength was even more astonishing!
But the little skeleton only brushed past the demon martial artist's shoulder armor slightly, and the spike turned into dust. At the same time, the demon martial artist's tall and sturdy body groaned as he was knocked to the ground by the little skeleton!
Pa pa pa …
The little skeleton shot all the way to the wall in the deepest part of the hall, then bounced all the way back, bouncing out of the hall …
As for the other beam of white light that was deflected, it also bounced all the way in, then out …
During this entire process, no one dared to move.
In this situation, staying where they were was the best decision.
After the two fatal attacks disappeared from the hall, everyone let out a long sigh of relief.
The demon martial artist stood up from the ground, angrily glaring at Luo Zheng, "You, you want to kill me! Once we leave this hall, I want to duel with you! "
When the white beam of light hit the little skeleton, it produced a powerful potential energy. Even if Luo Zheng let go in an instant, his fingers were still completely numb from the shock. At this moment, he moved his fingers. Hearing this, he smiled faintly. His eyes were stained with a sharp light as he stared at the demon martial artist and said, "If you want to challenge me, I accept."
Seeing Luo Zheng's indifferent gaze, the Demon Race cultivator's heart skipped a beat, and a strong sense of crisis rose in his heart. Originally, he had planned to say some unpleasant words, but at this moment, he swallowed them back down and no longer spoke. Although this Demon Race cultivator appeared to be very reckless, in fact, he was a rough person. Just now, in the room, he had seen Luo Zheng's entire cultivation process.
Although he didn't understand, from the reaction of the white-clothed woman, he knew that her strength wasn't as simple as it appeared on the surface. He only blurted it out in a fit of anger. However, he wasn't willing to duel with Luo Zheng. These five million fantasy points were all he had. It wasn't easy to enter this place. If he was kicked out of the Karma Hall by this person, it would be a pity.
Everyone's faces were more or less filled with anger. However, this was not the time to be calculative. Now that everyone had figured out the rules of the first Karma Hall, it was actually very easy to pass through by grasping the speed and frequency. The rest of the journey only took them a few breaths' time to pass through one by one.
However, just as everyone passed through the end of the Karma Hall, a small black thing floated back from the front door of the hall!
It was the Little Skull that had been ejected at a high speed before!
Under this ejection, the Little Skull had been ejected for an unknown distance. After the huge potential energy was exhausted, the Little Skull slowly flew back to Luo Zheng as usual.
However, when it flew back, it collided with a white ray of light ….
Seeing this scene, everyone, including Luo Zheng, ran away!
They rushed out of the Karma Hall!
At the same time …
On the platform at the back of the Karma Hall, yellow dreamy light spots suddenly appeared and flew toward everyone.
"Reward!"
"One hundred fantasy points, is this a beggar?!"
"Although the difficulty of the first Karma Hall isn't high, this is too little!"
Everyone was originally very angry at Luo Zheng, but now that they realized that the reward was so little, their target immediately shifted to the white-clothed woman.
Didn't this woman say that the reward was rich?
The white-clothed woman widened her eyes, "What are you looking at me for? I didn't set this up. The difficulty of the first Karma Hall isn't high, so the reward is indeed not much. I only got fifty fantasy points in the last round!"
Everyone's expression was somewhat ugly. They had paid five million fantasy points to enter this place. If they earned only one hundred fantasy points, it would be a huge loss.
However, since they had entered, they could only choose to take one step at a time. If they gave up now, it would be a huge loss for them.
They once again stepped onto the platform. The white-clothed woman smiled at Luo Zheng, "You are increasing the difficulty out of nowhere!"
Luo Zheng shrugged, "I also didn't know that this would happen."
This Little Skull was indeed more difficult to deal with than Luo Zheng had imagined.
The others looked deeply at Luo Zheng. The woman from the Fiend Night Clan warned, "I hope that this won't happen again."
"Yes, it's too dangerous," the short human martial artist said, "Although I know that you want to deal with this Little Skull, it's better to consider everyone." After saying this, the short martial artist smiled faintly at Luo Zheng.
Previously, this short martial artist's temper was very irritable, and he had even threatened to kill that noisy demon martial artist. Now that he was reprimanding Luo Zheng, his attitude was quite good.
If these people's attitudes were unyielding, Luo Zheng would naturally put on a poker face. However, his actions just now were indeed very dangerous. Luo Zheng smiled faintly, "I was indeed reckless. I didn't expect that slow white light to contain such great power!"
"It doesn't matter. Just be careful later. Anyone who is bitten by these Little Skulls won't feel good. But speaking of which, is your body okay?" Another human martial artist stared at Luo Zheng's back and asked. He couldn't understand why these Little Skulls were biting Luo Zheng's back and grinding their white teeth, but Luo Zheng didn't seem to be injured at all! Now that he had found an opportunity, he asked his question.
"It's okay. Let's continue," Luo Zheng said with a smile. How could he be willing to share the secret of his body with others?
That person also knew that Luo Zheng wouldn't answer, so after sizing up Luo Zheng a few times, he stepped forward and climbed up the stairs.
After passing through the first hall, the white-clothed woman no longer took the lead and everyone continued to climb up the stairs.
"Hey, I still don't know your name."
Luo Zheng was still climbing up the stairs when he heard the white-clothed woman ask him this question.
"My name?" Luo Zheng's eyes flashed slightly, then he smiled and said, "My name is Luo Tianxing."
Under normal circumstances, Luo Zheng wasn't suitable to announce his real name. The name Luo Zheng was too famous in the entire universe. He was always afraid of attracting unnecessary trouble.
When the white-clothed woman heard Luo Zheng say this name, she smiled lightly. Looking up at the stairs, she turned to look at Luo Zheng and said, "You're lying."
"How do you know?" After being exposed by the white-clothed woman, Luo Zheng didn't try to hide it. Instead, he asked directly.
"This is my innate talent. Everyone's heart beats faster when they lie," the white-clothed woman looked at Luo Zheng and smiled.
"I see." Luo Zheng nodded slightly. "What about you? What's your name?"
"My surname is Ji, Ji Nan," the white-clothed woman answered.
The Ji family was ranked fourth in the [Gods Without Thought].
The [Gods Without Thought] was different from the Human Alliance.
Since the Human Alliance was called an alliance, it was originally a colossus formed by countless large and small human Holy Lands joined together!
However, the [Gods Without Thought] was led by the four great families and had developed to this stage.
Although the four great families were called families, their power far exceeded the scope of ordinary tenth-rank Holy Lands. Any one of them was far more powerful than some races in the universe.
The most important reason was that the four great families all had Heavenly Venerables!
Although the white-clothed woman called Ji Nan wasn't a prodigy of the Ji family, she was second only to prodigies.
"Ji Nan, your name is very nice," Luo Zheng said with a smile.
Ji Nan smiled slightly, but said, "I saw that your cultivation method was very familiar just now. I've seen an old friend use it before. I wonder …"
She had long been curious about the origins of Luo Zheng's cultivation method. However, they weren't familiar with each other before, so she knew that she wouldn't get an answer if she asked. Now, she had found an opportunity to ask.
"Old friend? Which old friend? "Luo Zheng asked.
"Sister Luo Xue." Ji Nan thought for a moment. "Her full name is Ji Luo Xue."
Hearing this, Luo Zheng smiled slightly. "What a coincidence. The secret technique I'm cultivating is also from this girl."
"Ah! You've seen Sister Luo Xue? " Ji Nan was slightly shocked. She had never thought that Luo Zheng's secret technique was actually from Ji Luo Xue. Why would Ji Luo Xue do that? Spreading the Ji family's secret technique was a serious crime. Even as a prodigy, she probably couldn't be forgiven, right?
"I've seen her before. I've fought with her before," Luo Zheng replied calmly.
"Fought! You lost? " Ji Nan was still thinking about the secret technique. Now that she heard Luo Zheng's fight with Ji Luo Xue, she blurted it out without hesitation.
In her eyes, Luo Zheng was indeed an extremely powerful person, but he still couldn't compare to Ji Luo Xue …
"She lost." After Luo Zheng finished speaking, Ji Nan suddenly stopped on the steps.