Luo Zheng didn't know Ji Luoxue's position in Ji Nan's heart.
The Four Families of Deities No Thoughts.
The Xuanyuan, Ji, Ji, and Sun Families.
These four families were the four most famous families of the Human Clan in the universe.
Even if someone became a Holy Master later on, they couldn't develop the Four Families to such a level.
The Four Great Clans were one of the major powers that supported the human race. The Four Great Clans interacted with each other, and even arranged marriages. They held the Four Clans Grand Competition, which affected the thousands of worlds in which the Gods Have No Thought Of.
During the Four Family Competition, Xuanyuan Chenfeng hadn't risen yet.
The scene of Ji Luoxue standing at the top was still deeply engraved in Ji Nan's mind.
In her eyes, almost no warrior of the younger generation of the Human Clan could compete with Ji Luoxue.
Xuanyuan Chenfeng rose because he merged with the Fragment of the Heavenly Way and became a Chosen One. If Ji Luoxue really comprehended the Five Elements Divine Way and also became a Chosen One, she thought that even Xuanyuan Chenfeng might not be a match for Sister Luoxue.
No one in the Divine Sea Realm should be able to defeat Ji Luoxue. Whether others agreed or not, at least Ji Nan thought so.
Therefore, when Ji Nan heard Luo Zheng say that Ji Luoxue lost, she was stunned.
She stared at Luo Zheng in a daze, her pretty face full of disbelief.
The Five Elements Secret Method Luo Zheng cultivated was indeed a secret method of the Ji Family, but this wasn't conclusive evidence. Maybe Ji Luoxue taught this secret method to Luo Zheng for some reason, but it didn't mean that she would lose to this guy called Luo Tianxing in front of her!
Although Luo Zheng was confused by Ji Nan's reaction, he soon understood. He smiled and said, "What? You don't believe me? "
Ji Nan stared at Luo Zheng and asked seriously, "When you saw Sister Luoxue, what was the color of the snow behind her …"
"Is it important?" Luo Zheng asked curiously.
"What color?" Ji Nan asked again.
"White."
"Pure white?"
"Pure and not pure white …" Luo Zheng was speechless.
Hearing Luo Zheng's answer, Ji Nan heaved a sigh of relief. "No wonder!"
"What do you mean?"
Ji Nan said with a smile, "I think you did defeat Sister Luoxue, but that was only half of her strength. More accurately, it was less than 60% of her strength!"
When Luo Zheng heard this strange conversation, he finally understood a little. This Ji Luoxue did seem to have something special about him.
Seeing Luo Zheng's strange expression, Ji Nan continued, "Sister Luo Xue has two bodies at the same time. You didn't really lose to her! If she merges with the black snow, that is her true strength. Only by defeating Sister Luoxue at that time can she be considered to have truly defeated her! "
Two bodies in a single thought, Black Snow?
Luo Zheng raised his eyebrows slightly.
Ji Luoxue was the strongest opponent Luo Zheng had encountered in the Illusory Battlefield! But Luo Zheng didn't expect that she wasn't at her full strength at that time.
Based on the meaning of One Thought Two Bodies, this Ji Luoxue also has an existence of Black Snow whose strength is almost the same as her own?
Then Luo Zheng smiled faintly. "I hope we'll have a chance to fight again!"
"There should be!" Ji Nan nodded. "At that time, you'll know how terrifying Sister Luoxue is …"
At this moment, Luo Zheng didn't think too much about whether Ji Luoxue's true strength was as terrifying as Ji Nan said.
In order to obtain a result in this Battle of the Ages, Luo Zheng still needed to continuously increase his ranking. Nothing else would be of much use.
They continued to climb up the stairs. About 30 minutes later, they had reached the halfway point.
Everyone arrived at the waist of the mountain, where another Karma Hall appeared.
This Karma Hall was several times larger than the previous Karma Hall, both in terms of height and width!
The eight cultivators in front were already waiting for Luo Zheng and Ji Nan in front of the Karma Hall.
More accurately, they were waiting for Ji Nan.
Ji Nan had always been the leader. She was the only one who was more familiar with the Karma Hall. Now that she wasn't leading, no one was willing to enter.
"The second Karma Hall." Ji Nan glanced at it and said, "Every Karma Hall is different. Whether one can pass through it or not doesn't depend on one's strength. It also depends on one's reaction and judgment … The difficulty of the second Karma Hall will be greatly increased!
As she spoke, Ji Nan stepped in without any hesitation.
After she entered, the others followed at the same time …
"This hall …"
The first Karma Hall was completely empty. Only the white rays of light shot out from the two sides of the wall. It could be said to be extremely simple. Not to mention Divine Ocean Realm cultivators like them, even cultivators of a lower realm could pass through easily as long as they were careful. It was also because of this that the first Karma Hall only gave 100 Fantasy Points!
The floor and walls of the second Karma Hall were dyed with a layer of faint golden patterns, giving off a sense of luxury.
Huge square stones were placed in the center of the hall.
These square stones were 30 feet tall, 30 feet wide, and 30 feet long. The surface was engraved with complicated patterns. No one knew which race they were from …
Everyone sized up the square stones from a distance of several hundred feet. They looked left and right but couldn't figure out anything. Finally, their eyes fell on Ji Nan.
Ji Nan was still measuring Luo Zheng's strength. At the same time, she was guessing Luo Zheng's true identity.
Although Luo Zheng said that he had defeated Ji Luoxue, if Ji Nan displayed her strongest strength, she should be slightly stronger than half of Ji Luoxue's strength. She could only see how much strength Luo Zheng had used to defeat Sister Luoxue … However, in a battle between cultivators, there were too many factors that determined victory and defeat. Most of the time, it was strength, but many times it was mentality, and sometimes it was luck or even the grasp of details!
If she wanted to measure Luo Zheng's strength, perhaps she would have to challenge him to find out. However, this Karma Hall was not suitable. However, she should have a chance to reach the end of this Illusory Battlefield.
Her mind was in a mess. When she realized that everyone's eyes were on her again, she said unhappily, "This Karma Hall is different every time. It's also my first time here …"
"Indeed, it's a little inappropriate to let a woman take the lead," a human cultivator said with a faint smile. "Since no one is willing to take the first step, then let me!"
After this human cultivator finished speaking, he pulled out a sword from the scabbard hanging at his waist. Then, he raised the sword. His eyes narrowed slightly. After he closed his eyes, faint blue dots of light continuously floated out.
These blue dots of light slowly formed a human figure. In the end, the human figure completely transformed into the human cultivator's appearance.
"Sword Spirit!" Seeing the Sword Spirit, Luo Zheng's eyes flashed slightly.
"What a solid Sword Spirit!"
"It's perfect to use a Sword Spirit to explore the way!"
"In this Karma Hall, if you can't figure out the rules and are careless, you can lose your life. Unfortunately, we don't have a Puppet Master among us …"
After passing the first Karma Hall, everyone was somewhat familiar with this Karma Hall.
At first, when they heard the words "Karma Law", everyone was frightened. If someone in this Karma Hall mastered some kind of Karma Law, even if this person only had the cultivation of the Divine Sea Realm, it would be difficult for them to pass. After all, some Karma Laws were too powerful. They could even be called rascals. The price to pay to resist them was quite high.
Now, it seemed that the tests in this Karma Hall contained some rules. After mastering those rules, there was still a good chance of passing.
The human cultivator's Sword Spirit was indeed solid, but compared to Luo Zheng's Sword Spirit, there was still a big gap.
When Luo Zheng's Sword Spirit took shape, it was almost no different from a real person. However, if one looked carefully, they could still see that the Sword Spirit of the human cultivator was somewhat illusory. However, to be able to condense the Sword Spirit to this extent was already very good.
After the Sword Spirit took shape, it walked towards the center of the hall. Everyone's eyes were also fixed on the Sword Spirit.
From the entrance to the center of the hall, there was not much movement. However, when the Sword Spirit approached the huge rock, the square rock suddenly shook. It rolled on the spot and fiercely pressed down on the Sword Spirit!
＝＝＝＝＝