If it were an ordinary boulder, the ten people present wouldn't even bat an eyelid!
Not to mention a ten-meter-tall boulder, even if a mountain rolled over, it wouldn't cause any harm to the Sword Spirit.
With the might of this person's Sword Spirit, it would be too easy to split a mountain.
However, this was a boulder in the Karma Hall after all. Not to mention what kind of Laws this boulder contained, just the fact that it couldn't be destroyed was enough to give them a headache.
However, the human cultivator controlling the Sword Spirit only lightly shook the longsword in his hand, and the Sword Spirit suddenly retreated.
"Boom!"
The square-shaped boulder rolled over and missed, but the huge force caused the entire Karma Hall to shake!
This time, it didn't press down on the Sword Spirit. The square-shaped boulder rolled again, rolling along the path of the Sword Spirit and pressing down again. The rolling speed even surpassed the Sword Spirit's dodging speed!
Seeing this scene, the human cultivator smiled faintly. His longsword suddenly shook, and the blue Sword Spirit instantly turned into seven or eight small blue swords that scattered in all directions. Then, they merged into one again and turned into a human figure.
"The difficulty of the second Karma Hall isn't that high." A human cultivator smiled faintly. If it was just this boulder blocking the way, he had absolute confidence in passing through it.
However, as the square boulder rolled once more, one of its sides faced the crowd at the entrance of the Karma Hall. On this side of the boulder was a ghost face. This ghost face was incomparably ferocious, and it had a mouth full of sharp teeth. It grinned, and that smile gave people a strange feeling!
"Rumble, rumble, rumble …"
Then, the square-shaped boulder stopped chasing the Sword Spirit and went straight for the Sword Spirit's owner. The square-shaped boulder seemed to have intelligence, and it knew that the Sword Spirit was controlled by this person!
The square-shaped boulder was thirty feet in length, width, and height. Every time it rolled, it would cover a distance of thirty feet. Its rolling speed was also extremely fast, and the distance in the hall was limited. In just two breaths of time, it had rushed to the front of the human cultivator.
The human martial artist remained calm. It seemed that there was a limit to the direction in which the boulder rolled.
The floor of the Karma Hall was also divided into squares that were thirty feet long and wide. When the huge rock rolled, it strictly followed the square on the floor. Moreover, it could only roll forward, left, and right. If it wanted to move diagonally, it would need to roll to the left and then to the front. Only by doing so could it move diagonally.
With a slight sway of his body, the Human Martial Artist moved diagonally to the top of the square boulder. The boulder could not reach its original position in one step, so it could only roll to the side and then press down on the Human Martial Artist again.
However, at this moment, the human cultivator's figure flashed again and maintained a fine line with the square boulder. As a result, the boulder seemed to be toyed with by the human cultivator. Although its speed was not fast, it was still slower than the human cultivator.
"Rumble, rumble, rumble …"
As the ground continued to tremble, the human martial artist moved left and right, maintaining a diagonal line with the boulder. At the same time, he said, "Everyone, follow me and maintain a diagonal line with the boulder. Passing through the second Karma Hall won't be difficult!"
Hearing this, everyone understood tacitly.
It seemed that the Karma Hall was like this. Even the slightest mistake could lead to immediate death. For example, if one was accidentally crushed by the boulder, even the Demon Race cultivators with powerful physical bodies, or even Luo Zheng, would not be able to withstand it. However, as long as one grasped the rules, passing through the Karma Hall would not be difficult.
"Since that's the case, there's no need to waste time in this hall. Let's quickly pass through," a cultivator said and rushed into the depths of the hall.
The moment this warrior rushed over, he caused the two square boulders to roll and chase after that warrior.
However, Ji Nan, who had been standing beside Luo Zheng, frowned slightly.
"What's wrong?" Seeing Ji Nan's expression, Luo Zheng asked.
Ji Nan stared at the boulders and said, "I feel something is wrong. The difficulty of this second Karma Hall should not be so low."
From the beginning, she had told everyone that they needed to work together to pass through this Karma Hall. This was because as the difficulty of the Karma Hall increased in the later stages, the more people there were, the better.
However, it was almost impossible for all ten of them to pass through all the Karma Halls unscathed.
So, last time, of the nine people who had come with her, only two were left at the final stage, causing them to fail at the last step and fail to pass through the last Karma Hall …
Ji Nan clearly remembered that the second Karma Hall was by no means simple. Last time, two people had died in the second Karma Hall.
"You mean, we haven't figured out the rules of this Karma Hall?" Luo Zheng asked.
"I have a hunch, but … let's pass through first," Ji Nan said, her sleeves fluttering as she strode forward, her movements agile.
As the ten people began to move forward, all the square boulders in the hall began to roll.
For a time, the entire hall was filled with the sound of rolling boulders, deafening to the ears.
Rumble, rumble …
Everyone imitated the Human Race cultivator and moved forward along the diagonal lines on the ground. This way, the boulders could only constantly adjust their direction, making it difficult for them to keep up.
Although the second Karma Hall was several times wider than the first Karma Hall, with everyone rapidly shuttling back and forth, it did not take them long to reach the end of the Karma Hall.
"We've passed!"
"Heh, although the reward isn't much, it's very easy. I wonder if I can earn back those five million fantasy points …"
"That is …"
Just as everyone thought they had passed through the Karma Hall, at the end of the Karma Hall, rows of fences formed from white light suddenly rose up!
These light fences tightly blocked everyone's way out, making it impossible for them to move forward.
Seeing the light fences suddenly appear in front of them, everyone's complexion suddenly changed. The Demon Race cultivator was even more startled as he said, "What the fuck is this? Why can't we pass?"
Luo Zheng looked at these white light fences and frowned. The square boulders behind them did not give them any time to think as they began to roll towards them!
"Retreat first. I knew that it wouldn't be so easy." Ji Nan said as her entire body turned into a white shadow and rushed downwards. The moment she rushed past, the huge square-shaped rock had already ruthlessly covered her, almost covering her within it.
"We've been blocked? There should be some mechanism in this Karma Hall, or do we need to fulfill some conditions before we can pass? "Luo Zheng pondered as he dodged these square boulders.
"Ah, save me!"
At this moment, a person howled not far away. This person was constantly dodging, but he was blocked in a corner by three square boulders.
Seeing this scene, Luo Zheng's figure turned into a ray of light and flew towards this person. The moment he approached this person, he quickly struck out with his palm!
"Pa!"
That person was directly sent flying by Luo Zheng's palm. At this critical moment, he flew out from the gap between two square boulders and rolled a great distance on the ground.
"Luo Tianxing?"
Ji Nan was shocked. Why was this guy showing off his ability?
He pushed others out, but he himself was in danger?
In her heart, she was still hoping that this person would be able to go further in the Illusory Battlefield. At the very least, she would have the opportunity to challenge him!
If he was crushed by these boulders at this moment, not only would he have wasted five million fantasy points, but he would also lose half of his fantasy points. As a result, it would be very difficult for him to get up again.
Everyone looked at Luo Zheng in surprise. Although these ten people had formed a temporary team because they had used the metal voucher at the same time, there was no tacit understanding between them. There was even a faint hostility between them. For example, in the first Illusory Hall, Luo Zheng wanted to break the small skull and almost killed someone. More than one person had wanted to kill him.
Seeing Luo Zheng step in to save someone and even sacrifice himself, they felt strangely moved in their hearts.