Just as the square-shaped boulder was about to press down on him, his face was full of calmness. Then, a white mist rose from Luo Zheng's body.
"Eight-Turn Flying Smoke!"
At this moment, Luo Zheng's body was as light as a feather!
Although the boulder's rolling speed was extremely fast, it was still very large.
Luo Zheng's Eight-Turn Flying Smoke was very special. It was a movement technique that danced on the tip of a knife!
The faster the opponent's speed and the stronger the momentum, the more Luo Zheng's body could move with the momentum!
Up until now, only the crescent blade under Ji Luoxue's feet had broken through the three-inch boundary of the Eight-Turn Flying Smoke.
Yet, Luo Zheng was confident that he could dodge the boulder in front of him …
"Whoosh …"
Under everyone's watchful eyes, the boulder came crashing down on Luo Zheng's head.
But at this moment, Luo Zheng's body strangely shifted horizontally. He was like a leaf that was disturbed by the wind from a palm and was "squeezed" out.
"What movement technique is this?"
Someone blurted out in surprise.
After Luo Zheng escaped danger, his figure floated down. He naturally did not have the time to answer this question, because two more square-shaped boulders came crashing down from the side …
After everyone rushed out from the end of the hall, they once again engaged in a battle with the rolling boulders.
"Thank you, friend, for saving my life." The warrior who was saved by Luo Zheng found an opportunity to thank Luo Zheng.
Luo Zheng smiled slightly, shook his head, and said, "We are all exploring the Karma Hall together. When necessary, we need to work together. Helping you is also helping myself."
His words had greatly reduced the wariness between the ten of them.
Some warriors originally had selfish motives. If the others were crushed by the boulders, and the illusory light spots that exploded were ownerless, they would naturally have an opportunity to take advantage of it. Now, it seemed that if they wanted to go further here, cooperation was extremely important!
"But with that white light barrier blocking us, I don't know how we can pass through!" someone said gloomily.
"Everyone, be careful. There must be some kind of mechanism here." As everyone retreated, they discussed how to pass through this place.
At that moment, the short Human Race martialist from the Ten Thousand Buddha Sacred Region suddenly said, "Perhaps the mechanism is on this huge rock …"
After saying that, he turned over and avoided the heavy pressure of the huge rock in front of him. A short sword appeared in his hand. It was the Supreme Artifact, Buddha's Sun Blade!
"Whoosh …"
His figure flashed as he circled around the boulder. Although he couldn't fly in the hall, his speed was still several times faster!
The Buddha Sun Blade in his hand lightly sliced across the giant stone!
"Whoosh!"
The moment the Buddha Sun Blade slashed across, it produced a crisp sound! A swastika character appeared on the surface of the boulder!
"Boom!"
When the boulder pressed down on him again, the short martial artist's figure flashed and the Buddha's Sun Blade appeared again, leaving a swastika on the surface of the boulder!
After several times, a swastika was left on the surface of the boulder!
Then, the short martial artist suddenly retreated. Holding the Buddha Sun Blade in his hand, he stared at the boulder and chanted, "One word to break ten directions, shatter the maxim!"
"Buzz buzz …"
The swastika character on the surface of the boulder began to rotate rapidly at the same time.
"Whoosh …"
An extremely strong force exploded on the surface of the boulder. In the bursts of Buddha's light, there seemed to be countless sharp sword shadows shooting toward the surface of the boulder.
"What a powerful technique!" Luo Zheng's gaze was also very serious. The Buddha Sun Blade was also a supreme divine artifact, and it was different from the Black Star Pickaxe. It was an attack-type magic treasure, so it was not surprising that it had such power.
Moreover, there was also the law of karma in the Supreme Artifact. Could the Buddha Sun Blade break this boulder?
Everyone avoided the crushing boulder while paying attention to the movements here …
"Boom, boom …"
The boulder slowly stopped rolling!
"It succeeded?"
Luo Zheng's eyes narrowed slightly. When the light dissipated, he saw that the boulder was still intact. At the same time, a small ghost face appeared on the surface of the boulder again!
Everyone was also slightly stunned when they saw the ghost face!
The shape of the ghost face suddenly changed from a strange smiling face to a crying face!
Seeing this scene, everyone's hearts suddenly tightened.
"Everyone, be careful!" Ji Nan reminded.
Although they did not know what kind of change they would face, seeing this change, everyone knew that it was not good!
At the same time, a mournful ghost face appeared on the surface of all the square boulders in the hall at the same time.
"Don't be in a straight line with these boulders." Luo Zheng's eyes flashed, and he suddenly took a step to the side!
Just as Luo Zheng moved away, all the square-shaped boulders shot out a square-shaped beam of light in all four directions!
"Buzz buzz buzz …"
This square beam of light was three feet high and three feet wide. It covered a square on the ground and extended all the way to the end of the hall!
Every square boulder released a square beam of light at the same time. Under the crisscrossing of each other, there was very little space left for the warriors to dodge …
Luo Zheng stood in the center of the square. At this moment, the front and back of him were filled with light beams in all directions. He could only move left and right, and could not move forward or backward.
"This beam of light … I'm afraid that anyone who touches it will die. Although I have warned you, I don't know if any warriors have fallen?" Luo Zheng did not move recklessly at this moment. Just now, Luo Zheng had also given a warning.
As long as one was facing the square boulder, they would be illuminated by the square beam of light!
These beams of light continued to shoot out, and it lasted for a full ten breaths of time before the light gradually dimmed and dissipated.
When the light beams disappeared, everyone saw two dreamy light spots floating in the air …
"Two people have fallen." Luo Zheng raised his eyebrows slightly.
There were eight square boulders in the area where the two people had been standing. It was a dangerous place where there was no way to dodge.
When everyone saw the two dreamy light spots, their hearts sank. Under this round of illumination, two people had actually died. But they still had not found a way to break it!
The two dreamy light spots were not small in number. Everyone estimated that there were at least three million dreamy light spots each. But at this moment, no one was in the mood to absorb them!
"Rumble, rumble …"
Not long after, the boulders began to roll again. At this moment, they did not chase after the crowd, but lined up in a row!
If these boulders really lined up in a row and shot the square beam of light in front of them, there would be no blind spot in the entire Dream Hall. Everyone would undoubtedly die!
"There's one less square boulder over there!"
"Whoosh!"
Luo Zheng roared and sprinted horizontally. At the same time, he shouted, "Over here! Everyone come over here! "
The situation changed too quickly. Everyone had no time to think. They only saw Ji Nan and the other six surviving warriors rushing toward Luo Zheng at the same time under Luo Zheng's command!
When the last warrior rushed into the square where Luo Zheng was, the row of square boulders released a square beam of light at the same time!
These square boulders were connected to each other. Naturally, the light beams on the left and right sides could not be released. But the light beams released from the front and back covered the entire Karma Hall. There was no blind spot!
However, when these square-shaped boulders were arranged neatly, there were a total of 43 of them. In this huge square hall, the horizontal arrangement could accommodate 44 square-shaped boulders. With one less square-shaped boulder, it was also the only chance of survival left!
There was a way to break this Karma Hall. Naturally, this chance of survival would not be blocked. If it was blocked, then no one would be able to pass through.
"Buzz buzz buzz …"
Everyone squeezed together with Luo Zheng. Looking at the huge light beams on both sides, their faces were pale.
Except for this place, everywhere in this hall was a hopeless situation!
Under the illumination of the light beams, everyone had a chance to catch their breath.
"We shouldn't have attacked that stone pillar just now." Someone blamed the short warrior from Ten Thousand Buddha Sacred Realm.
The short warrior did not speak, but Luo Zheng said, "No … If we want to pass through this hall, I'm afraid that's the only way! It's also his attack that caused the Karma Hall to evolve to this stage! "
If the short warrior had not used the Buddha Sun Blade to attack the square boulder, everyone would still be chased by the boulder. There was no way to break it.
"Then … how do we break these boulders? If we're not careful, we'll die! We can't keep hiding like this, right? "someone said.