After more than ten breaths of time, the square beams of light shot out from these boulders stopped again …
All the boulders began to roll at the same time!
Now that everyone had figured out the pattern of these boulders, they were slightly calmer.
These boulders only rolled along the square on the ground. As long as the square where everyone was was was not in a straight line with these boulders, they could avoid the square beams of light.
"Boom …"
This time, all the boulders were no longer arranged in a row, but scattered and rolled.
At this moment, the eight surviving Martial Warriors were constantly adjusting their positions as the boulders continued to roll.
"Here is fine!"
"Don't stand here. If a boulder rolls over there, this place will be sealed!"
"Come here quickly …"
After many warriors found the "safe spot", they stopped moving and quietly waited for the boulders to shoot out the square beams of light.
Just now, all the square boulders were arranged in a row, but only one was missing, so the "safe spot" was the long gap.
At this moment, all the square boulders were in a mess, and the safe spot was also separated …
"Whoosh!"
While the boulders were rolling, Luo Zheng was not in a hurry to find the safe spot. Instead, he kept shuttling between the boulders and observing.
Ever since they were attacked by the short warrior from the Ten Thousand Buddha Sacred Region, a ghost face had appeared on all six sides of the square boulders …
"The key must be on these ghost faces." Luo Zheng swept past quickly, his eyes frantically scanning.
"Boom …"
The moment all the boulders stopped rolling, Luo Zheng's eyes suddenly flashed.
"The ghost face on this boulder is a little different?"
He faintly saw that the color of the ghost face on this boulder seemed to be slightly different from the other ghost faces. The ghost faces on the other boulders were only black lines, but the ghost face at the bottom of this boulder was dark red!
But as soon as Luo Zheng came over, the ghost face was pressed down. Luo Zheng could not lift this boulder to look at it!
At this moment, all the boulders were motionless, so Luo Zheng could only give up. He found a safe spot nearby and stood still, thinking in his mind.
"Buzz buzz buzz …"
Beams of light shot out from all four sides of the boulders at the same time. These 43 boulders shot out a total of 172 beams of light in four directions.
Luo Zheng frowned as he looked at the terrifying power contained in the light beam. He stared at the huge rock not far away!
These square beams of light continued to shine for about ten breaths of time before gradually dissipating. Then, all the boulders started to roll again.
Luo Zheng stared at the square boulder. As it rolled, it flipped over toward the underground side!
"The crimson ghost face … disappeared?" Seeing this, Luo Zheng frowned again. He had finally found a clue, but now it was gone.
This time, all the boulders rolled towards one side of the hall. Clearly, they wanted to line up again!
"We're missing a piece here!" The Demon Race cultivator shouted.
At this moment, all the warriors did not care about anything else and rushed over.
Of course, Luo Zheng was no exception. After the boulders were lined up, there was only one safe spot left.
The crowd, who had been separated, stood together again at this moment …
"Did you find anything?" Ji Nan also saw that Luo Zheng seemed to be looking for a solution.
"At the bottom," Luo Zheng answered briefly, "There seems to be a ghost face. It's different in color from the other ghost faces. It's dark red!"
"Really?!" Hearing this, Ji Nan's eyes suddenly lit up, "Then let's find that ghost face first and smash it!"
Although each time one entered the Karma Hall, the test they encountered was different, when Ji Nan entered the Karma Hall before, there was a hall that was similar to this one. One had to find a dragon-shaped sculpture on one of the 33 stone pillars and shatter it in order to pass!
"That crimson ghost face seems to be deliberately hidden by these boulders, and it can even change its position," Luo Zheng said helplessly, "Even if we find it, it's too late to smash it!"
"That's true." Ji Nan's small nose wrinkled slightly, and she fell into deep thought.
"No matter what, let's find that crimson ghost face first," a woman from the Yao Night Clan said.
Everyone nodded …
After gradually getting used to the pattern of the boulders rolling, everyone became calmer and calmer.
When the row of square-shaped boulders spread out again, everyone was no longer in a hurry to find a "safe spot" to hide. Instead, they kept moving closer to the square-shaped boulders. In any case, the square-shaped boulders would not chase after them at this stage.
"Whoosh, whoosh …"
One figure after another shuttled around the boulders.
"I see it. It's this one … there is indeed a crimson ghost face!" The Demon Race cultivator shouted excitedly, "But it's being crushed by this boulder …"
As soon as the Demon Race cultivator finished speaking, all the boulders once again shot out beams of light. Luo Zheng originally wanted to rush over, but the beams of light in front of him blocked his path. This time, although Luo Zheng did not see the crimson ghost face, he was able to confirm what he had seen, and his thoughts became clearer.
The key was definitely the crimson ghost face. However, these boulders seemed to have their own thoughts. When they rolled, they would always hide the crimson ghost face underneath. Moreover, there were 43 boulders, and each boulder had six ghost faces on its surface. There were a total of 258 ghost faces, and they had to find the crimson ghost face!
This was extremely difficult!
Not long after, all the boulders were once again lined up in a row, and Luo Zheng and the others naturally gathered together.
Everyone looked at each other, hoping that the other would be able to think of a way to break this trap …
"There is a stupid way," Luo Zheng said.
"Please speak," the woman from the Yao Night Clan said. Now, no matter what Luo Zheng suggested, as long as it did not put their lives in danger, they would follow his suggestion.
"Who has the means to set up this trap?" Luo Zheng asked.
Hearing Luo Zheng's words, the cultivator in the round hat lifted his hat and faintly smiled, "I can." As he spoke, he gently waved his hand and three finger-thick purple bamboos appeared in his hand. He gently sprinkled them, and the purple bamboos fell to the ground and naturally stood upright.
"It's useless!" Luo Zheng shook his head.
"This is Purple Thunder Bamboo. When it explodes, its power …" The cultivator in the round hat was about to give a long explanation, but Luo Zheng simply ignored him. Time was of the essence, so how could he explain it to this fellow?
Under the pressure of these rolling boulders, the Purple Thunder Bamboo would be easily crushed!
What Luo Zheng needed was a trap similar to a Divine Rune. In fact, Luo Zheng had a suitable Divine Rune in his mind, but at this moment, he could not draw one.
At this moment, some of the cultivators were still very confused, but Ji Nan and the short cultivator had already reacted!
Since the boulders would continue to roll, one side would eventually face the ground, and the dark red ghost face would eventually be covered by the ground. Then, they could set up traps on all the squares in the hall and detonate all the traps in the hall, eventually hitting the dark red ghost face.
This was a stupid method, but it was an effective one!
"I can," Ji Nan smiled and said, "Seal of the Divine Tree!" With a flick of Ji Nan's fingers, mysterious runes appeared on the two squares in front and behind her. These runes contained dense Wood Element Laws!
With just a thought from Ji Nan, the Thorn of the Divine Tree would appear! This was originally one of Ji Nan's most powerful killing moves!
"I can do that as well," the short cultivator nodded and clasped his hands together. A Palm of Thunder suddenly burst out and slammed into the ground, causing a lightning pattern to appear on the square.
Because they didn't know where these boulders would move to, this stupid method was also quite time-consuming because they had to cover all the squares in the hall with traps.
It was just that no one could think of a good method …
As they dodged, the two of them placed their traps on the square on the ground in rows.
＝＝＝＝＝