The short cultivator and Ji Nan's speed was quite strange.
The two of them were ranked in the top three of the ten cultivators present.
Although the square beams of light slowed down the two of them, starting from one side of the Karma Hall, traps began to appear on the square lattices on the ground.
Ji Nan was using the "Seal of the Divine Tree". This was a profound technique derived from the fifth level of the Laws of Wood, and it was one of the most powerful techniques of her Ji Clan.
As for the palm-shaped lightning rune the short cultivator used, he didn't explain it, but it was likely to be extraordinarily powerful.
The two of them shuttled through the Karma Hall. Every time they arrived at a square, they would set up a trap. In less than five minutes, the traps they had set up had already occupied a third of the entire hall.
As they constantly used their divine abilities, the two of them rested for a moment between the light beams released by the square boulders and replenished the True Essence in their bodies.
This stupid method consumed a lot of True Essence, but in order to pass through the Karma Hall, they had no choice but to do so.
In any case, according to Luo Zheng's plan, as long as all the boulders covered the squares with traps and activated all the traps at the same time, they would definitely be able to shatter the red ghost face!
As the cultivators dodged, they did their best to assist Ji Nan and the short cultivator. For example, the Yao Ye Clan woman tied a light green feather to Ji Nan's hair by her ear. This was the crown feather of the Divine Beast Blue Luan, and it could make one as light as a swallow. This made it much easier for Ji Nan to run.
However …
When this "vast project" was halfway through, Zhang Xuan suddenly changed his mind.
Above all the squares on the floor of the hall, a black light suddenly spread out, releasing a very unique power!
The black light spread across the ground, but it didn't cause any harm to the cultivators in the hall. However, after the black light disappeared, the traps that the short cultivator and Ji Nan had set up also disappeared!
"This …"
Seeing this, Luo Zheng's brows furrowed.
Even Ji Nan and the short cultivator didn't look too good …
As for the other cultivators, they were all silent.
Traps weren't allowed in the Karma Hall?
Half of the traps had been set up, but they had been instantly destroyed!
Hum hum hum …
All the square boulders once again lined up and released a square beam of light.
Ji Nan had a very precise grasp of the situation. She calmly took a step forward and entered the safe zone. She asked Luo Zheng.
At this moment, Luo Zheng was deep in thought.
There was definitely a way to break through the Karma Hall. It was just that he hadn't thought of it.
When the boulders rolled, they actually had a chance to attack the ghost face at the bottom …
However, there were only forty-three boulders, and they had a chance of destroying the ghost face. As long as the ghost face face face before the boulders completely, they would have a chance of destroying it..................................................
This plan was even more stupid than the previous one.
However, they had no other choice!
Everyone was willing to spend five million Fantasy points to take a gamble. No one was willing to back out just like that.
Therefore, when Luo Zheng proposed this plan, everyone was very cooperative and did as he said.
Everyone randomly chose a boulder. When the boulders scattered and were ready to shoot the beam of light, everyone looked at the side of the boulder.
Luo Zheng had already taken out his dark golden bow. His eyes were as sharp as an eagle's. As long as the ghost face appeared at the moment of rolling, he would release an arrow!
"Not here …"
"Not here either!"
"Not here …"
"Rumble, rumble …"
Just as they finished speaking, all the square boulders rolled into place and began to release the square beam of light.
Even if the ghost face appeared now, Luo Zheng and the others couldn't do anything. After all, whether it was Luo Zheng or the other cultivators, they couldn't flip the boulder over. They could only wait for the next opportunity.
The square-shaped boulders spread out, then gathered into a row, then spread out again …
"Again!"
It wasn't easy to destroy the ghost face. First of all, they only had a one-fifth chance of finding the ghost face. Furthermore, they had to act the moment the boulders pressed down.
However, none of the cultivators present were discouraged.
"Found it!"
This time, they found the Demon Race cultivator. Hearing his loud roar, everyone focused their eyes on the boulder beside him at the same time.
At the same time, everyone heard the sound of a bowstring being pulled!
An arrow of light shot towards the boulder at an extremely fast speed ….
That arrow was shot by Luo Zheng. His reaction was the fastest. As soon as the Demon Clan cultivator's voice sounded, his right hand instantly loosened the bowstring!
However, at the same time, from another direction, a sharp sword light shot out!
Half of the square boulder had already rolled over. As long as it tilted forward again, it would firmly cover the pale red ghost face underneath.
However, these two attacks were extremely fast. They were about to hit the part of the boulder that wasn't completely covered.
"Damn it!"
Luo Zheng and the short cultivator's faces suddenly changed.
Coincidentally, the sword light collided with the black arrow light!
"Pa …"
Accompanied by a crisp sound, the two attacks collided and refracted. The black arrow light shot towards the ceiling, while the sword light nailed the side of the boulder!
Seeing this, everyone's faces were filled with regret.
Especially the Demon Clan cultivator. He said resentfully, "It wasn't easy to find this ghost face …"
If it was just one person, they might have already passed through the Karma Hall.
The short cultivator smiled faintly. His mood was very casual. "It's okay. There will always be opportunities."
As the boulders rolled again and changed their positions, everyone also changed their positions.
For the next four times, no one was able to find the ghost face.
However, on the fifth time, Luo Zheng was staring at the boulder in front of him. He was slightly irritated.
When the boulder rolled over, disappointment appeared on his face. He still couldn't find it …
However, the Demon Night Clan woman not far in front of him suddenly pointed behind Luo Zheng. "Over there!"
Luo Zheng didn't have time to figure out where she was pointing. He turned his head almost reflexively. In his panic, he didn't have time to adjust the longbow in his hand. This was because he only had a chance to attack the ghost face in the blink of an eye!
When Luo Zheng turned his head, his right hand released the bowstring. It didn't matter where the arrow was shot. Almost like a conditioned reflex, he grabbed a small skull on his right shoulder and threw it towards the boulder!
The moment the boulder fell, Luo Zheng stuffed the small skull into the boulder from the bottom!
"Boom …"
With a muffled sound, everyone saw that the boulder couldn't press down any further!
Even with the unimaginable weight of the square-shaped boulder, it still wasn't able to crush the little skull. The square-shaped boulder was stuck in place by the little skull just like that.
"Be careful of the beam of light!"
Ji Nan shouted from not far away.
At this moment, Luo Zheng was in the same direction as the boulder. If he was hit by the beam of light, he would definitely die!
However, at this moment, Luo Zheng suddenly lay on the ground!
Buzz buzz buzz …
Because the small skull was stuck in the boulder, the side of the boulder was shot diagonally upwards.
When Luo Zheng lay down, he just happened to avoid the beam of light!
At the same time, Luo Zheng took out another black arrow from his quiver.
The beam of light would last for a few breaths of time. At this moment, Luo Zheng had plenty of time. With a smile on his face, he stared at the ghost face, nocked his bow, aimed, and released the arrow!
Whoosh —
The black arrow whizzed out and nailed itself onto the dark red ghost face along the bottom that the little skeleton had pried up.
Luo Zheng was still a little worried. After all, the key to passing through the Karma Hall was the ghost face. It was just their speculation!
Puff …
The arrow nailed itself to the ghost face!