After the dark red ghost face was nailed to the ground, it suddenly shattered …
The cracks extended all the way until the entire square boulder was covered in cracks. Then, with a loud bang, the boulder exploded, sending stone fragments flying everywhere.
These square boulders were originally ordinary stones.
However, on the surface of these stones, there was some kind of extremely strong Karma Law that was protected by the rules of the Heavenly Dao, so they could not be destroyed.
Just like the city walls of the various main cities, this was also the reason. Therefore, no matter how powerful the power of a battle between cultivators was, it could not be destroyed.
"You scared me to death …"
The one who spoke was the Demon Race cultivator. Just now, in a moment of desperation, Luo Zheng had directly released the bowstring and casually shot the first arrow. It just so happened that the Demon Race cultivator's side was almost hit by Luo Zheng's arrow.
Luo Zheng also noticed this scene, but time was of the essence, so he could not care so much.
"Sorry," Luo Zheng smiled faintly.
"It's fine … at least we can pass through this damn hall!" The Demon Race cultivator laughed heartily, not caring at all. Besides, even if that arrow had hit, it might not have been able to take his life. Luo Zheng's bow was obtained from the lower realms and could only be regarded as a low-level treasure among Divine Tools. However, this Demon Race cultivator was fully armed.
A cultivator looked at the motionless boulder next to him and stretched out his hand to lightly slap it, causing the square boulder to explode …
Just now, they had been forced to flee in all directions by these boulders, and now they could not help but vent their frustrations. As a result, the square boulders were smashed into pieces by them one by one.
Ji Nan walked over to Luo Zheng and smiled sweetly at Luo Zheng, "Amazing!"
"I was lucky. I didn't expect this little skull to come in handy," Luo Zheng took off a small skull from his back. This thing could not be destroyed and gave Luo Zheng a terrible headache, but it could be used at a critical moment.
This time, Luo Zheng could be considered the hero of passing through the second Karma Hall.
In the first Karma Hall, Luo Zheng had almost killed several people, so they were naturally unhappy and even angry. However, at this moment, all of this was gone.
Although they were a temporary team, their cooperation would eventually shorten the distance between them.
"Bang bang bang …"
The Karma Hall exploded with loud noises. In the blink of an eye, more than forty square-shaped boulders were smashed into smithereens. Piles of stone fragments covered the ground.
At this moment, everyone's gaze fell on a certain place in the hall. There were still two balls of dreamy light floating there. These two balls of dreamy light were left behind by the two people who had fallen under the illumination of the square beam of light.
Because these two people were not killed by others, these dreamy light spots were considered ownerless. Previously, everyone had a tacit understanding and did not take advantage of the chaos to absorb these two dreamy light spots.
Now that everyone had passed through the Karma Hall, they naturally shifted their gazes to the Karma Hall. After all, the two balls of dreamy light added up to a few million. It wasn't a small number.
The only problem was how to distribute it …
"Luo Tianxing is the only one," Ji Nan said faintly. Although her face was indifferent, there was a kind of unnegotiable momentum in her tone.
"En, we'll divide the remaining portion equally." The short cultivator nodded.
The round-hat cultivator's face revealed an unconvinced expression, "Why …"
Just as he opened his mouth, Ji Nan and the short cultivator's gazes locked onto him, causing him to immediately shut his mouth.
The greatest contributor to passing through the second Karma Hall was Luo Zheng. At this moment, it wasn't excessive for him to receive an extra portion of dreamy light spots.
Luo Zheng naturally wouldn't refuse. With a faint smile, he walked towards one of the balls of dreamy light spots and absorbed all of them. This could be considered an additional income or a 'legacy'.
As for the other dreamy light spot, after everyone agreed, they all carefully absorbed it one by one. After each person absorbed several hundred thousand dreamy light spots, they would quickly leave and take another person's place. No one dared to take this opportunity to swallow it all. After all, if they did, they would be hunted down by the other cultivators. No one dared to take this risk, not to mention it was only several hundred thousand dreamy light spots.
After absorbing these two dreamy light spots, everyone began to move towards the end of the Karma Hall. When they arrived at the end of the Karma Hall, the white light barriers that had blocked their path had already disappeared.
However, there was a giant square boulder blocking their path.
This giant square boulder was the one that blocked the exit of the Karma Hall!
"Why is there another giant square boulder?"
"How did this giant square boulder roll here?"
"Let me!"
That Demon Race cultivator had smashed a total of fifteen giant square boulders. At this moment, when he saw the remaining giant boulder, he gathered his strength and strode towards the giant boulder. The sturdy muscles on his body swelled as he forcefully struck out with both palms.
"Pu!"
With this palm strike, everyone originally thought that the giant square boulder would shatter.
However, this square-shaped boulder stood there and did not move an inch!
Everyone frowned when they saw this scene …
Logically speaking, they had already broken through the Heavenly Dao Laws in the Karma Hall. This giant square boulder should be unable to withstand a single blow.
However, it now seemed to be completely undamaged!
If this giant square boulder was still shrouded in the formless power of the Laws, its weight was close to infinite. It couldn't be smashed or moved, and it blocked the exit. How could they pass through?
That Demon Race cultivator was also at a loss. He said in a daze, "What's going on? I can't move this boulder … "
As soon as his voice fell, he saw that the surface of the giant square boulder suddenly seeped out yellow light spots.
These yellow light spots fluttered around and immediately flew towards the Demon Race cultivator's body …
"This, why are there dreamy light spots emerging!" The Demon Race cultivator was shocked. Moreover, the number of dreamy light spots that escaped was not small. In an instant, he had nearly 400,000 dreamy light spots.
Seeing this scene, everyone's faces revealed expressions of interest.
Ji Nan said indifferently, "If I'm not wrong, this is the reward for the second Dream Hall. Everyone can obtain it. However, it seems that the reward should be based on the power of the technique!"
"Ah!" The Demon Race cultivator's eyes widened like a bull's and he immediately roared, "This won't do! Again! "
Just now, he only wanted to smash this giant square boulder with his palm strike. He only used half of his strength and didn't use any martial skills, so he obtained 400,000 dreamy light spots. Regretting it, he anxiously clenched his fist and punched the giant square boulder again …
"Dong!"
The power of this punch was much greater than before, but no dreamy light spots emerged from the surface of the giant square boulder.
The Demon Race cultivator's face revealed a mournful expression. As for everyone else, they all revealed looks of pity.
Everyone clearly knew what he had missed out on, but nothing needed to be said …
The Demon Race cultivator silently retreated to the side, his face full of resentment. At this moment, his intestines were green with regret. Why did he rush to smash this giant square boulder?
After the Demon Race cultivator left, the Demon Night Clan cultivator stood in front of the giant square boulder.
With the lesson learned from the Devil Race martial artists, everyone also understood that they should unleash their most destructive means.
Some techniques were powerful, but they didn't cause much damage. In other words, they didn't cause any actual damage.
The Demon Night Clan woman stood in front of the giant boulder and thought for a moment. Then, she took two steps back and took out a fiery-red longbow.
"This longbow … is also a supreme artifact?"
Luo Zheng hadn't paid much attention to this Demon Night Clan woman before. She was very quiet and didn't show much from beginning to end. All she did was give Ji Nan a Blue Luan feather.
For her to take out a supreme artifact meant that her status in the Demon Night Clan wasn't low. Her background should be even greater than Aizen's!
She skillfully held the bow and with a light flick of her slender fingers, she pulled the bowstring …
"Empty string?" Luo Zheng raised his eyebrows. The Demon Night Clan woman didn't have an arrow in her hand.
After she pulled the bowstring, the magnificent fiery red color on the longbow began to surge. At the same time, a flame vortex appeared in front of the longbow, and as the vortex continued to rotate, a crimson arrow appeared!
"This is the Broken Moon Bursting Flame Bow. It's ranked over 2100 on the Universe Tablet." Ji Nan explained when she saw Luo Zheng's curious expression.