When she released the bowstring, there was a buzzing sound.
Everyone watched as the bowstring vibrated back and forth on the bow frame …
The fire vortex floating in front of the bow didn't shoot out. Instead, it strangely floated in front of her and slowly rotated …
The Yao Night Clan woman bashfully smiled at everyone, "We … should retreat a little!"
Seeing the power contained within the fire vortex, everyone understood that the power of the explosion would be unimaginable, so they all retreated.
Even the Yao Night Clan woman put away the Moon-Shattering Bursting Flame Bow and retreated with everyone, leaving behind the fire vortex that slowly rotated in the air …
Luo Zheng, Ji Nan, and the others retreated several hundred feet before stopping.
"It's not enough. If we continue retreating, I'm afraid you'll be affected," the Yao Night Clan woman said with a smile.
Thus, everyone retreated to the middle of the Karma Hall with her.
"Alright, that's enough." As soon as the Yao Night Clan woman said that, her eyes flashed and the sound of an explosion could be heard!
Boom ~ ~ ~
The fire vortex shot towards the square boulder and violently collided with it. The power of fire contained within the vortex spread out and spread behind them. Nearly half of the Karma Hall was immersed in fierce flames.
The Yao Night Clan woman seemed to be very familiar with the bow. She told everyone to retreat, but not too far, just enough.
Ji Nan whispered, "Fifth level of the Law of Fire, and it contains a strange Karma Law that can greatly condense the power of fire. Is this the special characteristic of the Moon-Shattering Bursting Flame Bow?"
Within the raging flames, countless dreamy specks of light appeared on the surface of the boulder. As they danced in the air, they flew towards the Yao Night Clan woman!
The number of dreamy specks of light was more than double that of the Demon Night Clan cultivator.
When the flames dissipated and the dreamy specks of light were completely absorbed, the Demon Night Clan cultivator anxiously asked, "How many? How many dreamy specks of light did you obtain?"
"2.8 million," the Yao Night Clan woman said with a faint smile.
"Ahhhhh …" The Demon Night Clan cultivator roared. At that moment, he felt extremely unbalanced. However, there was no medicine for regret in this world. Who told him to slap that square boulder?
Hearing the woman from the Fiend Night Clan, the other cultivators' hearts burned with passion.
As expected …
Just as Ji Nan had said, it was too easy to earn Fantasy Points in the Karma Hall!
He had only passed the second Karma Hall, but he had already obtained so many Fantasy Points. What about the rest?
"I see …"
Luo Zheng thought to himself, "If I only rely on plundering other warriors, it will be very difficult to maintain my ranking. If I want to get a good ranking, I must enter the Karma Hall."
After the flames dissipated, the other cultivators impatiently rushed towards the square boulder.
Following that, another human cultivator launched an attack at the square boulder!
Since he knew the rules, he naturally didn't hold back in the slightest. Instead, he exerted all his strength to execute his strongest martial skill on that square boulder …
Although this human martial artist's strength was not bad, he did not have a supreme divine artifact in the end. The number of Fantasy Points that seeped out from the boulder was not as many as the female from the Yao Night Clan, but it was still more than a million Fantasy Points.
At the same time, the Demon Race cultivator let out another wail.
Everyone present took turns to attack the square boulder. Basically, everyone obtained more than a million Fantasy Points as a reward.
Every time a person absorbed a dreamy light spot, they would hear a wail of anguish.
The people in front of them all obtained their own rewards.
At this moment, Ji Nan appeared in front of the square boulder with a confident smile on her face.
She didn't take out any weapons or magic treasures. Instead, she clasped her hands together and gently rotated them in the opposite direction. A special aura was emitted from her palms!
Next, she lightly slapped the square boulder.
"Pa." A crisp sound was heard. It was as if she had slapped the square boulder.
The Demon Race cultivator's eyes widened as he looked at Ji Nan and said, "You … don't want Fantasy Points?"
The Demon Race cultivator didn't feel much power and couldn't understand why Ji Nan would do this. However, when he thought that someone would obtain less Fantasy Points than him, he felt a little comforted.
Ji Nan faintly smiled but didn't say anything …
As for Luo Zheng, the short cultivator, and the woman from the Fiend Night Clan, when they saw this scene, they all revealed surprised expressions. Clearly, Ji Nan's slap was not ordinary!
Not long after, yellow Fantasy Points of Light began to dissipate from the square boulder. At first, they only dissipated one by one.
Seeing this, the Demon Race cultivator laughed heartily. "This should be worth 100 Fantasy Points, right?"
But soon, the Demon Race cultivator couldn't laugh anymore …
The number of Fantasy Points of Light began to increase as they floated out one by one …
"3.1 million, not bad." Ji Nan faintly smiled at Luo Zheng and then retreated to the side, leaving the Demon Race cultivator standing there in a daze.
Of the eight remaining people, six of them had absorbed different amounts of Fantasy Points. Only Luo Zheng and the short cultivator were left.
After the two of them looked at each other, the short cultivator took a step forward. "This time, let me go!"
This short cultivator had a supreme divine artifact, the Buddha Sun Blade. He should have obtained a lot of Fantasy Points.
However, contrary to everyone's expectations, he didn't seem to plan on using the Buddha Sun Blade.
He stood in front of the square boulder, his hands clasped together. After closing his eyes, he remained motionless.
"This guy, what is he doing …" The Demon Race cultivator muttered.
No one else spoke.
The square boulder in front of them rewarded Fantasy Points of Light according to the strength of everyone's attacks. Then, in front of this boulder, everyone would display their strongest strength.
In this Karma Hall, everyone was temporarily cooperating. But once they left, with the strength of these geniuses, there would be a day when they would meet each other. Understanding each other's true strength in advance, as well as their trump cards, would be of great benefit!
After the short cultivator closed his eyes, he was like an old monk in meditation. Even his aura became tranquil.
At this moment, he seemed to forget time and space. It was as if he was the only person in this world …
After the time for an incense stick to burn, everyone heard a sigh.
This sigh was incomparably bleak, as if it came from a creature that had seen through everyone.
"Haa …"
As this sigh was heard, the short cultivator gently stretched out his hand and pushed towards the square boulder.
This push was very calm and could even be called 'gentle'!
Ji Nan slapped her hand on the surface of the square boulder, causing a crisp sound to ring out. But this short cultivator's push was silent. The moment his palm touched the square boulder, he withdrew his hand, like a dragonfly skimming the surface of the water.
But with this gentle push, a massive amount of Fantasy Points of Light blotted out the sky and shot straight towards the short cultivator!
"This strength is strange. The methods of the Ten Thousand Buddha Sacred Realm are truly profound!" Luo Zheng looked at the short cultivator with a dignified expression, sighing in his heart.
In the universe, there were three human forces. Each of them was strong in their own way. The Gods Without Thought was established by many families, and the Human Dao Alliance was an alliance of countless Holy Lands. But the Ten Thousand Buddha Sacred Realm was the most ancient of the human forces. They inherited the Buddhist Dao, and the path they took was completely different from the Gods Without Thought and the Human Dao Alliance. This was because their inheritance came from the Gods and Buddhas of the heavens!
"Three million nine hundred thousand," the short cultivator indifferently reported this number.
When everyone heard this number, they couldn't help but suck in a breath of cold air.
It wasn't that the Fantasy Points had frightened them. In fact, the Fantasy Points in these eight people's bodies were no less than four million.
But if the short cultivator could obtain close to four million Fantasy Points, didn't that mean that the power of this short cultivator's palm was several times that of theirs?
Just now, the woman from the Fiendish Night Clan had used a Supreme Divine Artifact and only obtained 2.8 million Fantasy Points. But this person had obtained 3.9 million Fantasy Points with just his bare hands?
Ji Nan pursed her lips. The record she had just set had been broken by this guy. She was unwilling to accept this, but she turned to Luo Zheng and said, "It's your turn!"
She hoped that Luo Tianxing's performance would be better than that short cultivator's.
＝＝＝＝＝