Mu Ning was the same as many geniuses of the rich and powerful families.
From the day she was born, almost every incense stick's worth of time was arranged.
She cultivated diligently day and night and worshipped her sister. She paid little attention to the trivial matters around her, wholeheartedly wanting to become the second Mu Xuerong of the Mu Family.
Mu Ning rarely calmly appreciated the other beautiful things in the world.
These days could be considered as a rare opportunity in her life. She felt that time had slowed down, and the things around her were completely different.
"That snake is too cruel. Why must it feed on young boys and girls?" Mu Ning said with a frown.
Luo Zheng glanced at Mu Ning indifferently, "When did the Mu Family's eldest daughter become so sentimental?"
"You!" Mu Ning fiercely glared at Luo Zheng.
Luo Zheng calmly looked at the mother and son and said indifferently, "This kind of thing, whether it's in the God's Domain or the universe, happens thousands of times every day. The eldest daughter of the Mu Family naturally finds it fresh."
Hearing this, Mu Ning's heart slightly trembled. Looking at Luo Zheng, her eyes revealed a complicated look.
Her sister said he was a stowaway from the Great Yan Universe.
Climbing step by step from the universe to the God's Domain, what kind of experience did he have on his way?
As she became more and more curious about Luo Zheng, she felt a strange feeling in her heart.
The next day.
The children selected from the Eagle Fort were sent to the back of the eagles.
Hundreds of eagles soared into the sky from the Eagle Fort.
At the front were thirteen King Eagles. Luo Zheng and Mu Ning sat on two of the King Eagles.
Under the lead of the Great Tribal Chief, they flew northwest for a distance before arriving at a circular mountain pass.
It was an extinct volcano. The volcano's crater had been deposited for thousands of years, forming a beautiful lake. Many eagles had already landed around the lake. The other tribes of the Eagle Clan had already arrived.
The five tribes of the Eagle Clan were the Kang, Wa, Chao, Lang, and Wu tribes.
Luo Zheng and Mu Ning's tribe was the Kang tribe.
"Why are there two outsiders?" The Great Tribal Chief of the Chao tribe stared at Luo Zheng and Mu Ning.
Luo Zheng and Mu Ning were not the only outsiders who had entered this world. Other than the Paragons, there were also other True Gods.
These tribes were very vigilant against these outsiders. Just like Mu Ning, some True Gods killed people without saying a word, which naturally led to the resistance of these natives.
The Chao tribe was attacked by two True Gods. In the end, they had to mobilize eleven King Eagles to kill the two True Gods!
They naturally did not have a good impression of these foreign True Gods who had suddenly appeared.
"They are our friends," said the Grand Chief of the Kang tribe.
"They are enemies."
"Don't let them step into the Temple of Sky Wheel. If they anger that snake, we will all be exterminated."
The Great Chieftains of the other four clans all voiced their objections.
The Great Tribal Chief of the Kang Tribe looked back at Luo Zheng. This was something he had expected.
After Luo Zheng nodded to the Great Tribal Chief, the Great Tribal Chief of the Kang Tribe brought the other four Great Tribal Chiefs to one side and took out the Golden Cores in his hands.
Not long after, the Great Tribal Chiefs returned again. Their expressions when looking at Luo Zheng and Mu Ning changed.
These Golden Cores were too important to them. If they brought them to the Temple of Sky Wheel, they would be able to obtain these magical Golden Cores. This transaction was undoubtedly very cost-effective. The Great Tribal Chiefs did not say anything more.
Then, under the constant shouting of the Great Tribal Chiefs of the Eagle tribe, everyone returned to the back of the King Eagles.
Accompanied by a melodious sound, all the King Eagles spread their wings and soared into the sky. The scene was very spectacular …
"Xiu!"
A King Eagle shot out and flew to the front of the group in the blink of an eye.
This King Eagle was smaller than the other King Eagles. The feathers on its neck flickered with a blood-red light. When it passed by Luo Zheng, the eagle's eyes only glanced at Luo Zheng indifferently before shooting away!
"This eagle is very powerful," Mu Ning said as she stared at the little King Eagle.
Luo Zheng nodded. The adult King Eagles of the Eagle tribe posed a great threat to Luo Zheng. If a fight really broke out, Luo Zheng was not very afraid.
But facing this little King Eagle, Luo Zheng did not have absolute certainty of victory.
However, if this King Eagle wanted to hurt him, it would be very difficult, let alone take his life.
Thousands of King Eagles soared in the sky, and from time to time, the screams of children could be heard.
The five Eagle tribes contributed a total of seventeen children. At first, these children felt very surprised and amused riding the King Eagles.
But after a long time, they grew tired of the scenery and began to make a ruckus.
The Eagle tribe men present all had heavy expressions. This kind of life and death parting was repeated almost every once in a while.
In the middle of the break, Mu Ning saw one of the boys crying non-stop, desperately calling for his mother. She went forward and took out a small mirror. The small mirror in Mu Ning's hand could change into a variety of colors, immediately attracting the boy's attention.
When the King Eagles took off again, Mu Ning simply held the boy in her arms and rode with him on the same King Eagle.
Several hours later, after flying over the mountains and lakes, Luo Zheng saw the huge sea of insects again!
Those huge insects were still wriggling day and night …
"Ah! How can there be such huge insects here, "Mu Ning looked down with a face full of surprise.
After entering this world, she directly appeared in the territory of the Eagle tribe. She could be considered much luckier than Luo Zheng. Naturally, she had not seen these Sky Wheel Insects before.
Although Luo Zheng now understood a lot about this world, he was also very curious about the origin of these insects.
These huge insects, even in the Realm of the Gods, were ferocious creatures that could not be ignored.
As the saying goes, it is difficult to raise a flood dragon in shallow water, and it is difficult to hide a fierce tiger in plain sun. It is reasonable to say that in such a world, there were one or two of these huge insects at most. But in this sea of insects, there seemed to be thousands, or even tens of thousands of huge Sky Wheel Insects gathered together. It was naturally hard to understand.
After passing through the sea of insects, there was a canyon that was like a scar on the earth. After passing through the canyon, they returned to the vast desert.
The King Eagle's physical strength was limited. After flying continuously for four to six hours, they had to stop for a while.
The Eagle tribe members often went to the desert to herd eagles, so they were naturally very familiar with this route.
After walking and stopping for two days and two nights, the people on the back of the King Eagle finally saw a brown-yellow building in the barren desert.
It seemed that this was once a city. After experiencing endless years, the buildings had almost collapsed, leaving only the barren walls stubbornly standing, experiencing the baptism of sand and time.
In the central area of this city, there was a huge altar, and behind the altar was a majestic hall.
Under the command of the chiefs, the eagles swooped down one after another. All of them folded their wings and stopped below the altar.
Luo Zheng jumped down from the back of the King Eagle and looked up at the altar.
In the center of the altar, there was a huge black snake statue. This black snake's appearance was exactly the same as the small snake on the Imperial Jade Seal!
"It's that snake," Mu Ning said, following closely behind Luo Zheng.
"Sky Wheel King Snake," Luo Zheng nodded. This was what the King Eagle tribe members called this snake.
The Tribal Chiefs and the other Eagle tribe members jumped down from the King Eagle's back, and then they also carried the children down.
These children had been crying and crying for their mothers the entire way. Now that they were tired, all of them were sleeping soundly. Their childish little faces were filled with serenity. They did not know the fate that they were about to face!
Mu Ning looked at the innocent face of the sleeping boy in her arms, and a trace of pity appeared in her eyes. She whispered, "Is there no way to save these children?"
"Let's take one step at a time," Luo Zheng replied indifferently.
He didn't know what kind of vicious creature this Sky Wheel King Snake was.
If this vicious creature in the Imperial Jade Seal was as powerful as the Shi Mi, not to mention him, even if those Perfection Stage Paragons came, it would be useless.
At this moment, the chirping of a bird could be heard in the sky.
A cloud floated over from the distant horizon. After careful observation, those clouds were formed by palm-sized multicolored birds. There were some people standing on those multicolored birds.
"The Black Bird Clan has arrived," the Tribal Chief said.