However, this Ji Nan had some kind of talent that allowed her to distinguish between the truth and lies.
The people present had never met each other before, so there was no need to be secretive.
Hearing Ji Nan say that Luo Tianxing was a fake name, everyone's gazes gathered on Luo Zheng again.
Luo Zheng just smiled and didn't explain. He believed that they wouldn't be too bothered by this issue …
Continuing to climb the stairs, the group arrived at the mountainside.
An ice-blue hall appeared in front of Luo Zheng's eyes.
The hall in front of them seemed to be built with blue crystals, and its entire body flickered with an ice-blue luster.
When they got closer, they could feel a cool breeze coming from the hall.
"How difficult is the third Karma Hall?" Jin Hai turned to look at Ji Nan.
Ji Nan glanced at the hall several times, her expression grave. "Every Karma Hall is different. I can't say for sure, but there are a total of five Karma Halls from the foot of the mountain to the peak! The last time we entered, there were two prodigies in the team! No one died in the first Karma Hall. Three died in the second Karma Hall. Four died in the third Karma Hall. I also died in the fourth Karma Hall … "
"Two prodigies, but so many people died?" The Demon Race martial artist's eyes widened.
Among the ten people present, there wasn't a single prodigy …
Although they hadn't competed with each other before, the top three in terms of strength were undoubtedly Luo Zheng, Jin Hai, and Ji Nan.
In their hearts, although Luo Zheng and the others weren't weak, they probably couldn't be compared to prodigies. To be called a prodigy, one had to have all the advantages of time, place, and people. They were people who gathered the great fortune of the entire universe.
Not only did they bear the fate of the Great Era Battle, but they also carried the hopes of a race and a force.
Even a team with a prodigy couldn't pass this Karma Hall. The difficulty was more exaggerated than they had imagined.
Therefore, when Ji Nan said this, some of the eight people wanted to retreat.
Seeing their expressions, Ji Nan smiled. "Don't be nervous. Our results are better than the last time, aren't they? As long as everyone works together, we can pass this Karma Hall! "
Ji Nan emphasized the words "work together".
There was one point that Ji Nan didn't mention. The last time she entered the Karma Hall, the two geniuses didn't want to give in to each other. They were constantly fighting each other and even fought on the mountain.
Furthermore, when they saw the other cultivators in danger, those two prodigies just stood by and watched them die …
If it wasn't for this, it was extremely likely that the 10 of them would have passed through the fifth Karma Hall!
This was also the reason why Ji Nan emphasized cooperation from the very beginning. It was also because of this that their team performed better than the previous team. At the very least, they only lost two people in the second Karma Hall.
"Ji Nan is right. If we want to obtain more fantasy points, we must cooperate with each other. Otherwise, no one will be able to go far. If we cooperate well, perhaps we can all charge into the top 1000!" Luo Zheng smiled. "Everyone, let's go in!"
After saying that, Luo Zheng took the lead and stepped into the hall.
The interior of the hall maintained the same color as the exterior. Whether it was the floor, the ceiling, or the two walls, the pillars were all icy-blue. When one touched them, they felt a comfortable coolness.
"This Karma Hall is so beautiful." Ji Nan looked up and sighed.
Luo Zheng and the others didn't feel anything. Women were naturally more interested in beautiful things. Not only her, but the woman called Huan Ling from the Fiend Night Clan was also the same.
However, they didn't walk far in the Karma Hall before stopping.
It wasn't that they didn't want to move forward, but that they couldn't. In front of them was a deep ravine that was three thousand feet wide.
Strange colors were constantly flowing in this deep trench. They were streams of pure energy flowing in this trench.
Azure Demon stood at the edge and stretched his neck to look down. Then, he looked forward and said, "If we fall, I'm afraid we'll be directly sent back to the main city! How are we going to cross this? "
Normally, not to mention this deep ravine that was a thousand feet wide, even if it was a hundred thousand feet wide or a million feet wide, they could still fly over it. The problem was that flying was prohibited in the Karma Hall.
"We should be able to jump over it." Jin Hai looked into the distance and said.
"It's not a big problem." Luo Zheng nodded.
It wasn't too difficult to jump three thousand feet with a sprint …
However, this deep ravine in front of them couldn't just be a test of their jumping ability. If they rushed over recklessly, they would most likely die.
Just like in the second Karma Hall, they quickly passed through the end of the hall, only to find a white light barrier there, blocking their path.
"There seems to be something here." Ji Nan pointed to the left side of the hall.
Luo Zheng looked in the direction Ji Nan was pointing. There were ten icy-blue tablets erected in the corner of the hall!
Luo Zheng walked closer to take a look. Through the icy-blue tablets, he found hooks in them.
"Why are there so many hooks?" the Demon Race cultivator asked curiously.
Each of the ten tablets had a long hook sealed in it. At the end of each hook was a string of thin chains. They were curled together and their length was unknown …
Ten tablets?
Luo Zheng stared at them for a while. Then, he reached out and slapped one of the tablets.
In theory, there were Heavenly Dao rules in the Karma Hall. Nothing could break them.
However, when Luo Zheng smacked it, he discovered that the tablet was extremely brittle. The huge tablet directly turned into crystal clear powder and scattered, and the hook that was sealed within fell out with a sound.
"These hooks …"
After Luo Zheng picked up the hooks, he pulled hard on the chains behind them.
Even though the chain was only as thick as a pinky finger, Luo Zheng was unable to break it even when he tried to force it.
"Sure enough, they are also protected by Heavenly Dao rules. These hooks can't be broken," Luo Zheng said.
"Clang …"
"Clang …"
"Clang …"
When everyone saw Luo Zheng take out the hooks from the obelisk, they all followed suit. They broke the obelisk and took out hooks from it.
The answer was becoming clearer. These exquisitely shaped hooks were prepared for Luo Zheng and the others.
The team that was supposed to challenge the Karma Hall was supposed to have ten people. However, with two of them dead, the hooks in the remaining two steles were now ownerless.
Cang Mo also smashed a tablet and obtained a hook. However, he wasn't satisfied. He looked at the remaining two tablets. However, when he wanted to smash them, they didn't move at all. They couldn't be broken.
It seemed that each person could only obtain one hook.
After everyone obtained the hooks, they focused their attention on Ji Nan again.
Ji Nan looked at Luo Zheng innocently. "I don't know what to do next …"
Luo Zheng smiled and walked to the edge of the deep trench with the hooks. His gaze fell on the other side.
The other side of the deep trench was hidden in darkness. He couldn't see the situation on the other side. However, as a green luster appeared in Luo Zheng's eyes, the black shadows on the other side gradually dissipated. He saw some faint shadows in the darkness. Those shadows were swaying!
"There seems to be something on the other side," Luo Zheng said.
"What is it?" Ji Nan asked immediately. Before they figured out the rules, everyone was in an unknown state of the Karma Hall. They might be killed instantly if they were careless. Therefore, everyone looked nervous.
"I didn't see it clearly," Luo Zheng said. The green luster in his eyes intensified. However, this time, when Luo Zheng activated his Clear Eyes Spiritual Eyes, his expression suddenly changed. "Get out of the way!"
Just as he finished speaking, from the darkness on the other side of the deep trench, a hook shot towards him at high speed ….
After Luo Zheng's reminder, everyone quickly moved to the side. However, the hook was extremely fast. It covered the distance of three hundred feet in an instant. The hook was thrown from the opposite side and directly hung on the body of the human warrior named Li Chengyan!