The human martial artist called Li Chengyan was hooked and pulled into the darkness.
"Ah!"
There was a scream.
Everyone saw a ball of yellow light suddenly explode in the darkness on the other side …
Clearly, Li Chengyan had died. Half of his Fantasy points had exploded!
The instant those fantasy points appeared, they disappeared without a trace, as if they had entered the darkness!
"Where are the Fantasy points?"
"They were absorbed? They seem to have been absorbed! "
"That's impossible!" Ji Nan also revealed a surprised expression. "What item in this Karma Hall can absorb fantasy points?"
In the Illusion Battlefield, only warriors could absorb Fantasy points from each other.
If Luo Zheng killed Li Chengyan, then no matter how far away they were, these Fantasy points would fly toward Luo Zheng.
Just like the golden pills that Ji Luoxue had bestowed upon her subordinates to commit suicide, those golden pills had Ji Luoxue's consciousness. Therefore, when her subordinates committed suicide, the Illusion Battlefield determined that they were killed by Ji Luoxue.
When warriors were killed by ferocious beasts in mystic realms or wilderness, their Fantasy points would float on the spot and become ownerless Fantasy points. Anyone could absorb them, but those ferocious beasts could not absorb them.
But after Li Chengyan was hooked, his Fantasy points were absorbed?
There was only one possibility. There was a warrior on the other side of the Karma Hall!
It was also that cultivator who had lured Li Chengyan over, killed him, and absorbed his dreamy light spots at the same time.
But every time the Karma Hall opened, only ten people could enter at the same time. Why would there be other warriors on the other side?
But that didn't make any sense at all …
"Everyone, retreat. Be careful." Luo Zheng frowned. He clenched the hook in his hand tightly, his eyes overflowing with green. Even though he had activated his Clear Eyes Spirit Eyes to the maximum, he still could not see through the darkness. This darkness seemed to be constructed using the Law of Darkness. The darkness was like a curtain that protected the other party.
"It's the Law of Darkness. The other party came prepared," Jin Hai said coldly. He held the hook in one hand and the Buddha Sun Blade in the other.
Luo Zheng's eyes scanned the darkness and finally locked onto a blurry shadow.
These hooks were placed neatly on the side, and each person had one. Obviously, they were for Luo Zheng and the others to use directly.
Since the other party could lure the people on this side over, Luo Zheng could also lure the people on the other side over …
"Now!"
After aiming, Luo Zheng stretched out his hand, and the hook in his hand flew straight to the opposite side!
"Whoosh …"
Although the hook was flying at an extremely fast speed, the "living beings" on the other side seemed to be very experienced. They kept circling around the edge of the deep trench.
"Missed!"
Luo Zheng frowned slightly. He reached out and pulled the hook back.
Just as Luo Zheng retracted his hook, he suddenly raised his eyebrows, "Watch out! Phantom … "
However, his warning was too late. As soon as his voice fell, another hook flew out of the darkness on the opposite side, wrapped around Phantom at an extremely fast speed, and pulled her over.
In fact, from the moment the hook was used on Li Chengyan, Luo Zheng had already discovered that the hook itself could not directly injure people, but once someone was hooked, it seemed to produce an irresistible force that would directly wrap around the martial artist and pull them over.
Seeing that the Phantom was hooked and was about to be pulled into the darkness, Luo Zheng's eyes flashed. The hook that he had just retracted was once again thrown toward the opposite shore!
"Whoosh …"
His hook wasn't aimed at the shadow in the darkness, but directly at the phantom!
As soon as Phantom's figure disappeared into the darkness, she felt a strong threat. She planned to fight back at the first moment, but a hook wrapped around her body again and pulled her back directly …
"That was close!"
Seeing that Phantom was fine, Ji Nan and the others next to her also breathed a sigh of relief.
"Damn it, those guys on the opposite side are hiding in the darkness. How can we break through! It's not fair at all! "The Demon Race warrior raised the hook in his hand and stared at the opposite side of the river.
Phantom was also caught by the other party because of a moment of carelessness. At this moment, she had escaped a disaster.
Phantom was pulled back by Luo Zheng. She nodded slightly at him, and then her delicate face showed anger.
"There are indeed other warriors on the opposite side!"
After saying that, she suddenly took out the Moon-Breaking Bursting Flame Bow, and then frantically extracted the True Essence in her body. A flame vortex appeared in front of her, and she was about to launch the fiercest counterattack!
"Whoosh …"
Just as the Phantom condensed the flame vortex, another hook flew towards the Phantom from the opposite side.
After being hooked once, Phantom naturally would not let this happen a second time. She grabbed the Moon-Breaking Bursting Flame Bow and snorted coldly. With a slight twist of her body, she moved slightly to the side, and at the same time, released the bowstring in her hand!
"Whoosh!"
The crazily tumbling flame vortex shot directly towards the opposite side!
Seeing this scene, Luo Zheng, Ji Nan, Jin Hai, and the others also stared at the opposite side of the river.
The explosion of the Phantom's flame might be able to win them a slight chance …
"Boom!"
The flame vortex burst into fierce flames, and at this moment, the opposite side of the river was clearly illuminated.
At this time, Luo Zheng and the others saw clearly that there were ten people standing neatly on the opposite side of the river. Each of them was holding a hook in their hands, and they were looking at each other with sneers on their faces.
Although the power of the arrow shot by Phantom was not small, it seemed that it could not be used in the Law of Darkness. Under the devouring of the Law of Darkness, the flame vortex began to shrink rapidly …
In the center of the opposite shore, a warrior standing at the forefront pointed at Luo Zheng with a contemptuous smile on his face. At the same time, he made a throat-cutting gesture with his hand. After he made this gesture, the flame vortex was completely devoured, and the ten warriors on the opposite shore were once again immersed in darkness.
"There are still ten people in this team. Their strength cannot be underestimated!" Ji Nan said with a cautious expression.
According to Ji Nan's speculation, the ten people on the opposite side should also be warriors who were exploring the Karma Hall. But unfortunately, the third Karma Hall had arranged two teams on opposite sides!
The ten people on the opposite side should have also explored the first two Karma Halls, but none of them had fallen. The strength of these guys absolutely could not be underestimated.
What was worse was that they had arranged the Law of Darkness in advance, hiding them in the darkness, which invisibly increased the difficulty of Luo Zheng's team.
"Who can use the Law of Darkness?" Ji Nan asked. The Law of Darkness was a relatively unpopular Law, and Ji Nan did not understand it.
Although Luo Zheng had been baptized by the Law of Darkness, he had never comprehended it.
Hearing Ji Nan's question, Jin Hai sneered, "No need for the Law of Darkness! Watch me! "
Jin Hai gently clapped his hands, and the sound of Sanskrit rang out, accompanied by a faint fragrance.
Specks of psychedelic colors began to emanate from his body, spreading out in all directions …
Inside the fog, Luo Zheng and the others couldn't sense anything out of the ordinary.
But to the other side, there were countless illusions appearing out of thin air, both real and fake, making it difficult to distinguish.
"Let's see how they'll hook us!" Jin Hai sneered.
Although this method could not completely hide the seven of them, it could bring considerable interference to the other side.
Now, it seemed that the third Karma Hall's test was a contest between two teams.
In this fog, they had to think about how to fight back.
＝＝＝＝＝