In the darkness on the other side …
Ten martial artists stood in a row, watching the opposite side.
In their eyes, the fog on the other side spread out, forming countless illusions. Humans, snakes, insects, ants, and everything else completely covered up the seven of them.
Whoosh …
In the darkness, someone threw out a long hook!
The long hook was like a dart, crossing a distance of three thousand feet and going straight into the fog!
But this hook escaped into the fog, and the figure on the hook was just an illusion. After the illusion dissipated, it returned without any success.
Someone in the darkness was throwing out hooks, and someone in the fog was also throwing out hooks.
After hooking one of the opponents over from the opposite side, they could attack together to achieve the effect of instant kill!
Just like Li Chengyan, after being hooked to the opposite side, he did not even have the strength to fight back. After bursting into a ball of illusory light, he was directly sent back to the main city.
But now, one side had the Law of Darkness, and the other side had the fog. Both sides were hidden.
These long hooks went back and forth in this three thousand feet deep trench, but they could not hook a single person.
"Interesting. The fog of the Rebirth Illusion is from the Ten Thousand Buddha Sacred Territory!"
The leader of the ten people was also a martial artist of the Human Race. This person's figure was like a bamboo pole, and his body was very weak. But the sharpness in his eyes was strong, and his calm gaze seemed to contain two knives!
"The other side should have also passed the first two Karma Halls, but they have already lost two people. In addition to the guy we just killed … Hehe, his strength is only so-so!" Another martial artist sneered.
"With Big Brother Dugu alone, I'm afraid he can directly sweep the other side, right? The difficulty of this third Karma Hall is really low … "Someone in the darkness said.
To pass the third Karma Hall, one had to kill the martial artists on the other side.
Luo Zheng's entrance was the exit of these ten people, and the entrance of these ten people was the exit of Luo Zheng's group of seven!
The way to pass the third Karma Hall was to kill all the martial artists on the other side.
"Of course, Big Brother Dugu is a genius! Who can match him here? If we send Big Brother Ji Mo over, wouldn't he be able to crush those guys? "Another person said.
"However, the Rebirth Illusory Fog is being used by the other party. It's difficult to lure the other party over …" Someone said hesitantly.
"Heh, they can't break my 'Absolute Darkness Realm' either," another cultivator said in the darkness. It was clear that this Law of Darkness was set up by this person.
According to the rules of this Karma Hall, both sides' cultivators would each hold a long hook in their hands and confront each other from a distance. The side that was able to hook the other side's cultivators over and kill them one by one would be the victor.
Strictly speaking, the difficulty of the third Karma Hall they faced this time was much higher than before.
Because in this third Karma Hall, it was destined that only one team would be able to pass through. After the loser was killed, they would be directly sent back to the main city!
The reason for this situation was not because of a single person, but because the Illusory Battlefield was developing bit by bit. As the battle became more and more intense, the collisions would also become more and more intense! Experts would absorb more and more fantasy points, while experts of a lower level would find it hard to climb back up after failing once.
"What's the use if you can't break it? Are we afraid of them? Remove this broken thing of yours. It's so dark, I can't see anything! " A tall figure said in the darkness. This figure was about ten feet tall and was clearly a demon cultivator!
"Humph! Didn't I set up this Law of Darkness to protect everyone … "that person said, unconvinced.
"I don't need your protection. I'm standing here. Let's see who dares to hook me!" the demon cultivator shouted again.
"You …"
The two of them actually began to quarrel.
"Remove it." The martial artist who was as thin as a bamboo pole and was called Dugu said faintly, "Remove the Law of Darkness around Big Dream."
"Big Brother Dugu … are you really removing it?" that cultivator asked.
"Big Dream, if they discover you, they will probably hook you over as well … After you are hooked over, they can pull me over," Dugu said indifferently. "However, you have to be careful of their methods. The cultivators that can enter the Karma Hall are not weak!"
The demon cultivator 'Big Dream' laughed. "Humph, they're just a bunch of cowards. They're in a hurry to hide themselves in the fog and don't dare to fight openly. I can crush them when I go over. What is there to be afraid of?"
"Don't underestimate your opponent," Dugu said indifferently. "Go over first, then turn around and use your hook on me!"
Dugu's tone faintly contained an unquestionable aura.
Big Dream also had a transcendent status in the demon race. He was also an arrogant and unruly person. Not to mention the cultivators of other races, even the elders of the demon race would find it difficult to make him obey.
However, Dugu had saved Big Dream's life in the second Karma Hall. Or, it could be said that Dugu had relied on his own strength to break through a certain death situation in the second Karma Hall, bringing the other nine people through the second Karma Hall. Everyone felt great admiration for Dugu!
After hearing Dugu's words, he nodded and said respectfully, "I understand, Big Brother Dugu. As long as I go over, I will definitely pull you over first. The two of us will be able to clean up that motley crew! Hehe! "
"Okay, get ready," Dugu just responded indifferently.
After a while, the opposite shore, which was originally completely shrouded in darkness, underwent a strange change. A part of the darkness caved in!
A burly figure holding a Vajra Pestle gradually revealed itself. It was the demon race cultivator, Big Dream!
In the fog …
Luo Zheng, Ji Nan, Jin Hai, Huan Ling, and the others all had their eyes fixed on the demon race cultivator.
Previously, they had used their hooks on each other, but they had gained nothing. The situation was a little anxious!
Luo Zheng, with his Clear Eyes Spirit Pupils, could see some figures, but they were still very blurry. In addition, the other party was also very vigilant. He had used his hook three times, but still failed to lure the other party over.
But now, the other party had taken the initiative to withdraw part of the power of the Law of Darkness and pushed the demon race cultivator from behind the scenes to the front. What did this mean?
For a moment, several cultivators on Luo Zheng's side hesitated.
"The other party did it on purpose?" Jin Hai stared at the tall demon race cultivator and said.
"It should be. There must be some sort of trap." Ji Nan nodded.
Azure Demon looked at the demon race cultivator across from him, his mouth hanging open. After a moment of stunned silence he said, "That, that is Big Dream!"
"Big Dream?" Luo Zheng asked as he stared at Azure Demon.
Azure Demon nodded. He seemed to recognize the demon race cultivator across from him. "Empyrean Demondawn's only son, Big Dream! This fellow actually came! This, this … isn't this third Karma Hall too difficult? "
Jin Hai glanced at Cang Mo indifferently. "Is this guy very strong? Of the several proud sons of heaven of the demon race, there isn't such a person. "
In Jin Hai's opinion, as long as this person wasn't a proud son of heaven from a large family, it shouldn't be too difficult to deal with.
"This fellow isn't a proud son of heaven, because he doesn't have such a strong fate! But besides his fate, his strength and talent aren't any weaker than those proud sons of heaven! "Azure Demon continued to speak.
Whether it was a proud son of heaven or a Dao Child, they all had to have the destiny to compete in the great world. But, a martial artist that had the destiny to compete in the great world didn't necessarily have to be a proud son of heaven …
Azure Demon's meaning was simple. This person only lacked a single fate, but his strength still couldn't be underestimated!
Thus, after hearing Azure Demon's words, Jin Hai, Ji Nan, and the others all had cautious expressions. And more importantly, this person had the confidence to stand there and wait for them to take action!
Luo Zheng grasped the hook in his hand and stared at the demon race martial artist across from him. His eyes moved from the demon race martial artist to the river of energy in the deep trench …
No matter how strong this person was, this hook contained the rules of the Heavenly Dao; it was impossible for him to break free. The moment this fellow was pulled over, he would be forced into a passive position. If Luo Zheng were to attack, this fellow might not be able to avoid it.
But, this person had such confidence in himself. He definitely had something else he could rely on.
As Luo Zheng was thinking this, that 'Big Dream' across from him roared out from the deep trench 3000 feet away.
"You bunch of cowards across from me, I am standing right here and you don't even dare to attack me?
"You might as well give up as soon as possible and disperse that fog. Then, come over here and beg me for mercy. If you do that, I'll let you die a quick and painless death!"