Da Meng, who was separated by a deep ditch, continued to provoke him verbally.
However, within the dense fog, everything was immersed.
After a while, a voice came.
"Idiot!"
Hearing this voice, Da Meng was slightly stunned, and anger appeared on his face. "You dare to scold me?"
"Idiot!"
Another voice came.
"You're the idiot!" Da Meng scolded angrily. He roared, and his voice echoed in the spacious hall.
"Liar! Didn't you say that you won't fight back when you're hit or scolded? I just scolded you twice, and you're already scolding me. Do you think I'll believe that you won't fight back? "The voice said.
"This …" Da Meng was slightly stunned, but he choked back his words. He was originally just provoking him, but Luo Zheng choked back his words. He was extremely angry, but he didn't know how to answer.
"Da Meng, ignore them. They won't be able to control themselves," Dugu's voice floated faintly from the darkness.
Da Meng nodded suddenly. "Humph, I'll see how long these guys can endure!"
"Pfft!" Ji Nan, who was in the fog, looked at Luo Zheng beside her and laughed. "I didn't expect you to be so good at quarreling!"
Luo Zheng shrugged his shoulders and smiled slightly. At this moment, his left hand shot out like lightning, grabbed Ji Nan, and took a step back to the right. A hook crossed the deep ditch in the blink of an eye and went straight to Ji Nan's position.
But with Luo Zheng's tug, it allowed Ji Nan to avoid this calamity!
"That was close!" Ji Nan was also shocked and broke out in a cold sweat.
If she had been hooked, she would have been killed by the other ten people. If so, even if Luo Zheng and the others won and passed through this Karma Hall, the subsequent story would have nothing to do with her.
"Someone on the other side can see through my fog. I don't know if it's because of the sound or something else," Jin Hai said with a solemn expression when he saw this scene.
This Reincarnation Dreamland's fog didn't allow them to sit back and relax. Just like Luo Zheng's Clear Eyes Spirit Pupils, which could also see through the Darkness Laws, some of the cultivators on the other side seemed to be able to see through the fog as well!
"I … can shoot him to death." Phantom, who had been silent all this time, slightly raised the Moon-Breaking Bursting Flame Bow in her hand.
Luo Zheng smiled and said, "No need. I'll deal with this guy. But he must have other tricks up his sleeve. We'd better scatter!"
After passing the second Karma Hall, Luo Zheng had vaguely become the core of their group.
Since Luo Zheng said so, he must have the confidence to do so. No one had any more objections.
Soon after, Luo Zheng's figure flickered and moved to the center of the dense fog. His eyes were fixed on the Demon Race warrior. His left hand grabbed the chain at the end of the long hook, and his right hand suddenly threw it at the Demon Race warrior!
Because Jin Hai had cast this fog, both sides were in a stalemate. Now that the stalemate was about to be broken, everyone was naturally in a state of high tension!
"Xiu!"
The long hook drew a bright silver trajectory in the air and went straight to the Demon Race warrior!
At this moment, Luo Zheng clearly saw a sly smile on the Demon Race warrior's face.
However, Luo Zheng's face was extremely calm. No matter what kind of magical ability the Demon Race warrior had, he could kill him in an instant!
The speed of the long hook was extremely fast. In the blink of an eye, it had crossed a width of three thousand feet and caught the Demon Race warrior. With a gentle tug, the Demon Race warrior was pulled over by Luo Zheng!
The hook in the Karma Hall was, in principle, a special treasure of the Illusory Battlefield. It was similar to the Teleportation Token in Luo Zheng's hand. The Laws contained in it were almost irresistible.
This hook wouldn't cause any harm to the cultivator. At the same time, the cultivator couldn't break free from it. The moment he was hooked, the Demon Race warrior's burly body was almost weightless. He was directly pulled over by Luo Zheng.
"Hu …"
The moment the Demon Race martial artist was pulled over by Luo Zheng, he howled with laughter. At the same time, violent astral essence erupted from his body!
A body transformation cultivator's astral essence would normally erupt within their body. This was because astral essence couldn't be visualized like true essence; there was no need to draw out astral essence to control it …
But this Demon Race martial artist called Big Dream roared the moment he was pulled over. His astral essence turned into rhombus-shaped crystals that floated on the surface of his body.
Astral Crystal Saint Body!
This was the inheritance of Empyrean Demondawn's transcendent divine might!
Everyone knew that the risk of being hooked over by this Demon Race warrior was extremely high. Any martial artist that could obtain 5 million dream light dots and enter the Karma Hall was a ruthless character of the Illusory Battlefield. In their own main cities, these people were at the top of the food chain and had no natural enemies.
But, Big Dream had full confidence in his own Astral Crystal Saint Body!
After crystallizing his astral essence and forming his Astral Crystal Saint Body, let alone a Divine Sea realm martial artist, even a Divine Transformation realm martial artist would find it difficult to break through his defenses in a short period of time. He would have more than enough time to throw his hook behind him. As long as he could hook Big Brother Dugu over, these cowards would have reached the end of their road in the Karma Hall.
Just as he formed his Astral Crystal Saint Body, he threw out his hook behind him. As for the attacks of these martial artists, they would be withstood by his Astral Crystal Saint Body.
But at this time, Luo Zheng didn't attack. He only faintly smiled.
As Big Dream turned around, he also noticed Luo Zheng's smile. But, he didn't care.
But just as Luo Zheng smiled, another hook flew out from behind Luo Zheng, wrapping around Big Dream once more!
Huala …
The moment that the hook wrapped around Big Dream, his Astral Crystal Saint Body was destroyed by the Heavenly Dao rules contained within the hook. Not too far away, Jin Hai held onto the hook, his indifferent eyes looking at Big Dream as if he were looking at an idiot.
According to the rules of the Karma Hall, once a martial artist was wrapped around by a hook, they wouldn't be able to struggle free nor would they have the ability to fight back. Although the Astral Crystal Saint Body suddenly possessed an extremely strong defensive power, no matter how strong it was, it still couldn't compare to the rules of the Karma Hall!
Originally, Luo Zheng planned to directly push this person into the deep trench. Presumably, no one would be able to resist the multi-colored river of energy in this trench. Even if it was Luo Zheng, if he fell in, he would undoubtedly die.
But, this move wasn't safe at all!
He was extremely confident in his own strength. Amongst his peers, there were very few that could contend with him in terms of strength.
The Dreamland Battlefield was filled with geniuses. Since this Demon martial artist was so confident, Luo Zheng could only think of a safer method.
The Karma Laws of the Karma Hall were often filled with hidden killing intent. Even the slightest violation would result in death. For instance, the river of energy in this deep trench or the square boulder in the second Karma Hall. But, if one could use them, they would be incomparably fierce …
This hook contained an extremely potent Karma Law. Anyone caught in this hook would enter a special state. In this state, a martial artist would be weightless and unable to resist. They would also be unable to use true essence or astral essence. At the same time, they wouldn't be harmed!
Only when this hook was released could both sides fight!
So, just as Big Dream condensed his Astral Crystal Saint Body, Jin Hai, who was hiding not too far away, directly used the hook.
The rhombus-shaped astral crystal that Big Dream had used his astral essence to condense was naturally destroyed by the Heavenly Dao rules on the hook!
After Jin Hai hooked Big Dream to his side, his figure fluttered as he rapidly retreated to the side. He didn't directly confront Big Dream.
At this moment, Big Dream's face revealed a trace of panic! He had spent a great deal of astral essence to condense his Astral Crystal Saint Body, but it had been destroyed by a small hook? This was the strongest divine might that his father had ever comprehended in his life!
"Astral Crystal Body!"
Big Dream's thoughts raced. He didn't attack Jin Hai but condensed his Astral Crystal Saint Body once more. At the same time, he threw out the hook in his hand! The most important thing was to lure Big Brother Dugu over!
Whoosh …
But this time, Ji Nan, who was standing further away, used the hook.
Big Dream's Astral Crystal Body had just condensed when it was broken by Ji Nan's hook. At the same time, Ji Nan's tall and sturdy body was pulled towards her …