Big Dream was being dragged around by the hooks in their hands like a toy. He was so angry that he cried out.
"You guys seem to have entered the Karma Hall first and have the upper hand. But you guys don't seem to have used your brains …"
"In the Karma Hall, you don't rely on brute force. Divine Sea Realm warriors, even if you are a prodigy and have a supreme divine artifact in your hand, the Karma Law contained in the supreme divine artifact is not stronger than the Heavenly Dao …"
"Using the Heavenly Dao reasonably is the right way. I don't know what the original name of the Karma Law contained in the hooks is, but I'll call it 'disarm.' Once you are hooked, you have no ability to resist, even if you are a prodigy! Because you have been disarmed! "
Luo Zheng looked at Big Dream who was being dragged around and said indifferently.
Although his voice wasn't loud, everyone in the Karma Hall could hear it clearly as it spread out.
When the nine people in the darkness heard this, their eyes flashed with a sharp light!
The ten of them entered the Karma Hall before Luo Zheng's group and set up the Dark Dao in advance. They had indeed seized the upper hand.
But they did not study the hooks in their hands too much.
It was not that they did not think of it, but that they were too conceited.
Among the ten people on their side, there was one prodigy, two descendants of Heavenly Venerables, and two descendants of Great Realm Lords. Apart from that prodigy, the four of them all had the fate of Battle of the Worlds!
How could such a team put Luo Zheng's group in their eyes?
That was why Big Dream had proposed. Let the other side hook him first, then let Big Dream bring Dugu over. Then, it would be a naked slaughter. It was that simple and crude.
This was because they were confident in their own strength that they dared to execute such a plan …
Although they could not see what was happening in the fog, they could roughly imagine Big Dream's current situation.
"This fellow who spoke is interesting. Very interesting." 'Dugu' held the hook in his hand and sized it up. He had never thought about how powerful the karmic law contained in the hook was. He only knew that the hook was protected by the Heavenly Dao laws and could not be destroyed. Furthermore, as long as it hooked someone, it would definitely hook them over.
"What do we do now? Big Dream hasn't fallen yet. Should we save him? "another martial artist asked.
Dugu spread out his arms that were like sticks and said helplessly, "How do we save him? Unless he can lure me over, I will naturally be able to kill those guys. "
The other martial artists also fell silent. Big Dream's cries were very ear-piercing, as if he was mocking them for their childishness. No matter who it was, they would not be happy after being played, let alone being played so easily. Moreover, they were a group of proud and arrogant geniuses!
"Whoosh …"
The most unhappy one was naturally Big Dream, who was being hooked here and there.
Cang Mo had a smug smile on his face. Although they were both demons, he did not pity his own kind.
All of Azure Demon's Fantasy Points were obtained from his fellow clansmen. In this trip to the Illusory Battlefield, he had probably killed thousands of his fellow clansmen.
He only knew that the guy in front of him was not on his side!
"It's mine now!" Cang Mo threw the hook in his hand again, pulling Big Dream towards him!
Just as he pulled Big Dream in front of him, another long hook flew over. It was Luo Zheng's hook again …
However, after Luo Zheng pulled Big Dream in front of him, no other hook followed!
Big Dream was slightly stunned. With a roar, his palms, which were the size of palm-leaf fans, attacked from left and right. His own strength was also not bad. Previously, he wanted to rely on his own strength to kill the seven of them.
Now, Big Dream did not care about throwing the long hook to hook Dugu over. He only wanted to smash the head of this human youth in front of him into a pile of mud!
"Whoosh whoosh!"
The two palms slammed over, bringing along a violent palm wind. Just this palm wind contained the power to destroy houses and temples. One could imagine the power behind it.
However, Luo Zheng's gaze was indifferent. He just looked at Big Dream and said indifferently, "It's over."
At the same time, Jin Hai's short figure had leaped high. The Supreme Artifact, Buddha's Blade, in his hand, had quietly swept across Big Dream's neck …
"Buddha said that the life and death of all things in the world is a cycle. You'd better be reincarnated …" Luo Zheng said with a faint smile. After he finished speaking, he gently patted Big Dream's chest. A powerful force entered Big Dream's body, crazily destroying his internal organs.
Reincarnated would not happen. If he was killed in the Karma Hall, Big Dream would naturally be kicked out of the Karma Hall. He would return to the main city and slowly wait for resurrection.
A thin line of blood slowly appeared on Big Dream's neck. Then, the line of blood became wider and wider. Gradually, brown blood escaped from it.
"Plop …"
This huge body fell head first in front of Luo Zheng.
As the body gradually dissipated, countless dreamy light spots escaped from it and shot toward Luo Zheng!
"Buddha … doesn't say that." Jin Hai's face revealed a depressed expression. He had cultivated in a large temple and naturally knew that Luo Zheng was spouting nonsense. At the same time, he said, "Why do all these Fantasy Points belong to you?!"
Whoever killed the other party would be able to absorb half of the Fantasy Points in their body.
The most fatal attack just now was obviously executed by Jin Hai. Luo Zheng had only used one palm.
The Fantasy Points belonged to the rules of the Fantasy Battlefield. Luo Zheng did not know why all the Fantasy Points in Big Dream's body were absorbed by him.
This person still had more than two million Fantasy Points in his body. Naturally, Jin Hai would be depressed.
"Don't worry. The other party … still has nine people!" Luo Zheng smiled slightly.
This third Karma Hall was a collision between two groups of people. The difficulty was greatly increased, but the rewards were also very generous.
After all, the martial artists that could enter the Karma Hall were all wealthy individuals. If they could take out 5 million Fantasy Light Points, they would have at least 7 million Fantasy Light Points in their bodies. Killing them would give at least 1 million Fantasy Light Points.
"This guy shouldn't be the strongest on the other side," Ji Nan said as she stared at Big Dream's dissipating body.
"En," Luo Zheng nodded slightly and looked at the dark space on the other side. "In addition to this Demon Race cultivator, the guy who used the Law of Darkness is quite strong. In addition, there should be another powerful character hiding. Otherwise, this Demon Race cultivator would not be so bold."
"When he was first hooked over, he wanted to pull the other person over," the taciturn Phantom said. "Then, this person should have the confidence to kill all of us!"
"A person with such confidence should at least be a heaven's pride," Ji Nan added.
When this conclusion was inferred, the faces of the other cultivators sank slightly.
In the universe, there were probably only a hundred or so people who could be called heaven's pride. On average, there were only three heaven's pride cultivators in each of the fifty great worlds in the Fantasy Battlefield. Of course, this was just an average. Some great worlds might have more heaven's pride cultivators, while some great worlds might not even have a single heaven's pride cultivator.
When Ji Nan first entered the Karma Hall, she had been accompanied by two heaven's pride cultivators. Now, she had encountered a third heaven's pride cultivator. However, this heaven's pride cultivator was their opponent!
"How should we deal with that heaven's pride cultivator?" Jin Hai asked in a deep voice. As strong as he was, he did not have the strength to fight against a heaven's pride cultivator.
Feeling the subtle change in the atmosphere, Luo Zheng smiled slightly. "Even if it's a heaven's pride cultivator, we can still kill him. However, that heaven's pride cultivator now understands the rules of this long hook. I'm afraid he won't be so stupid as to be hooked over by us. How about we let them hook me over?"
"This …" Jin Hai was slightly stunned.
Everyone had figured out the abnormal power of this long hook. The 'Disarm' could break almost any power or martial skill. Those who could break free from the rules of the Heavenly Dao were probably only Celestial Venerables. Even if a Sector Lord powerhouse was hooked by this hook, they would also be bound and unable to resist.
Luo Zheng also understood this principle, so why did he still make such a suggestion?
Seeing Jin Hai's stunned expression, Luo Zheng laughed mischievously. "I'm just joking. I'm not that stupid."
＝＝＝＝＝