Similarly, Luo Zheng was unable to resist the Laws contained within the hook.
For example, that square boulder was originally an ordinary stone, but after attaching the Laws of the Heavenly Dao to it, even if Luo Zheng erupted with all his strength, he couldn't move the boulder in the slightest.
In this universe, only an Empyrean could break through the Laws of the Heavenly Dao to a certain extent. At this stage, Luo Zheng was far from enough.
But after Luo Zheng finished speaking, his gaze fell on Phantom.
This taciturn Fiend Night Clan woman held a longbow in one hand and a long hook in the other, vigilantly watching the opposite shore.
Moon Splitter Bursting Flame Bow …
When Luo Zheng's gaze fell on the Moon Splitter Bursting Flame Bow, his eyes flashed and a plan formed in his mind. He then said, "Perhaps, I can also be a fool for once …"
When Jin Hai and Ji Nan heard Luo Zheng's words, a trace of doubt appeared on their faces.
As for the carefree Azure Demon, he was even more puzzled. "Do you really plan on being hooked?"
This Big Dream had already learned from his mistakes.
If Luo Zheng was hooked, his final fate might be the same as Big Dream's. Using the long hook in his hand to toy with him and then easily kill him.
"Perhaps." Luo Zheng shrugged and transmitted his words with a true essence sound transmission. Although the two sides were separated by a distance of 3000 feet, a martial artist's sense of hearing was exceptionally developed. The other side might be able to hear his words.
Time quietly flowed by during this confrontation.
In the hearts of the martial artists in the Karma Hall, they were all somewhat anxious.
Almost all the martial artists that entered the Dream Hall could rush into the top 300 of this great world.
But as the competition in the Dream Battlefield became more and more intense, the martial artists at the top of the rankings gained Dream Points faster and faster. This was like rowing a boat against the current. If you didn't advance, you would fall behind.
Now, in this confrontation, the other martial artists outside the Karma Hall were crazily plundering Dream Points. Naturally, their rankings were constantly falling!
Every time they checked their rankings, they would discover that they had fallen one or two places …
"Big Brother Dugu, are we just going to keep waiting like this?" someone asked.
Dugu sat in place, his gaze falling on the constantly roiling fog. He faintly smiled and said, "Why can't we wait?"
"But …"
"The other party should be more anxious than us." Dugu said faintly. "They should be unable to keep their cool."
Actually, at this moment, Dugu didn't have much confidence.
It wasn't that he didn't have confidence in his own strength. If this third Karma Hall only allowed the two sides to kill each other, then this problem would be easily solved.
With him alone, it would not be difficult to clean up the seven cultivators on the opposite side.
But just as the person opposite him had said, strength wasn't the key to victory in the Karma Hall. Instead, it depended on who could grasp the rules within.
Big Dream's strength couldn't be said to be weak. Amongst this group of 10, Big Dream's strength was probably only inferior to him. It was because of this that he felt at ease allowing Big Dream to be hooked over, and he believed that Big Dream would have sufficient time to pull him over as well …
But the final result was unexpected.
Big Dream was almost toyed with and killed by the other party. It didn't even have the ability to resist.
It was also because of this that Dugu became vigilant.
"Whoosh …"
A long hook suddenly shot out, but in the end, it still returned without any success.
Both sides were carrying out this kind of meaningless probing, but in a situation where they couldn't lock onto each other, it was like fishing in a dark river. There was no way to hook.
In addition to using long hooks to probe, both sides also used some other attacks, such as flying daggers and bows, but in the end, it didn't cause much trouble for the other party.
But at this moment, Luo Zheng's figure left the fog and appeared in front of everyone.
The moment Luo Zheng suddenly appeared, the expressions of the nine people led by Dugu suddenly became complicated …
"This guy appeared from the fog. Is he trying to imitate Big Dream? Is he taking the initiative to be hooked by us? "
"Isn't this guy looking for death? He may not have Big Dream's strength!"
"So what if he has Big Dream's strength? Isn't it easy to play with this guy if we hook him over? "
"Let me do it!"
Someone in the darkness was eager to try, wanting to throw his long hook at Luo Zheng.
Dugu saw this scene, but said faintly, "Wait a minute."
Looking at Luo Zheng, Dugu frowned slightly. The other party had already killed Big Dream. Obviously, he knew the pattern of the hooks in everyone's hands very well.
After being hooked, all of the body's state would be directly cleared by the long hook, and they couldn't fight back …
Under such circumstances, this person actually dared to leave the fog of the Rebirth Illusion. This person was either a fool or had other plans.
Thinking of this.
Dugu's voice faintly floated out from the darkness.
"You're the person who spoke just now. Big Dream, was it you who killed him?" Dugu asked. His tone contained an indelible arrogance, giving people a feeling of condescension at all times.
Luo Zheng looked at the darkness on the other side and swept a glance in the direction of the voice. Under the operation of his Clear Eyes Spirit Eyes, he saw a vague figure sitting quietly.
"It's me. What about it?" Luo Zheng responded.
"You're willing to reveal your position. Aren't you afraid of death?" Dugu asked again.
"I won't die. Why should I be afraid?" Luo Zheng retorted.
Dugu looked at Luo Zheng faintly, and a hint of hesitation appeared on his face. Since the other party was willing to show up, he must have made a complete plan. He frowned slightly, trying to guess the other party's thoughts.
The third Karma Hall in front of them was like a game of wits and courage. It depended on who had a deeper understanding of the rules of the game to be able to take the initiative. Dugu had always been conceited, and he was faintly uneasy when facing Luo Zheng.
"Not taking the bait …"
Although Luo Zheng had a smile on his face, he was slightly depressed in his heart.
If the other party was unwilling to take the bait, he didn't have a good way.
"Since you're not taking the bait, then let me!"
"Whoosh!"
Although he could only catch a faintly discernible shadow in the darkness, when the long hook flew out, it went straight for the person sitting upright in the darkness.
The long hook was like a shuttle, arriving in an instant!
Although the speed of the long hook was pushed to the extreme by Luo Zheng, the other party's reaction speed wasn't slow at all. His body moved slightly two feet and easily avoided Luo Zheng's hook. Out of confidence, he only moved two feet.
However, Luo Zheng didn't intend to take the bait. His move was just a provocation! His method was exactly the same as Da Meng's. However, Da Meng mocked him verbally, while Luo Zheng directly attacked.
Although the hook didn't hit, Luo Zheng didn't stop. He had firmly locked onto the thin blurry figure, and the long hook in his hand was thrown out again!
"Whoosh …"
The long hook flew out, and the figure could only move a few feet again to avoid the long hook.
Once …
Twice …
Thrice …
He threw the hook again and again, and returned without success.
Luo Zheng had a faint smile on his face, and he seemed very patient.
However, in the darkness, Dugu's originally indifferent face finally revealed a trace of anger.
"Whoosh …"
After dodging Luo Zheng's hook, the long hook in his hand also flew out, going straight for Luo Zheng.
"It's coming!"
Luo Zheng's eyes suddenly flashed. He was waiting for this moment.
The long hook was going straight for Luo Zheng, and was about to wrap Luo Zheng in it. However, when the long hook flew close to Luo Zheng, it suddenly stopped!
It was Dugu who grabbed the chain at the end of the hook, forcibly pulling the hook back in midair.
Looking in the direction where the long hook retreated, Luo Zheng's eyes revealed a trace of a sly smile. "Why did you pull it back?"
No one spoke in the darkness on the other side, but then a fierce aura came from the darkness. It came from Dugu.
"Brother Dugu … why didn't you do it?" a warrior asked.
"If you hook this guy over, he will die. Why did you hesitate …" Some people couldn't understand at all.
Dugu slowly got up, and looked at Luo Zheng from head to toe. The moment he threw the hook, he had an extremely bad premonition, so he pulled the long hook back at the last moment.
However, at this moment, the people around him couldn't bear it anymore. One of them suddenly threw the long hook at Luo Zheng, and it rolled towards Luo Zheng. Even if Dugu wanted to stop it, it was too late …