Luo Zheng's provocation was effective.
In the darkness, a long hook shot toward Luo Zheng and instantly wrapped around Luo Zheng.
The moment he was wrapped up, Luo Zheng was bound by a strange rule. This rule could not be resisted. His whole body was directly imprisoned, like a weightless duckweed, and he was pulled into the opposite darkness!
"Now!"
The moment Luo Zheng was hooked again, Phantom had already released the bowstring!
In front of her Moon-Splitting Bursting Flame Bow, rolling and rotating flames were suspended, and sharp arrow lights were faintly revealed in the flames!
"Whoosh, whoosh, whoosh!"
The target of these three flames was none other than Luo Zheng!
In fact, Phantom was also very hesitant at this moment.
The Moon-Splitting Bursting Flame Bow could be called a Supreme Artifact, so it naturally had its strong points. Although she could not fully release the power of these flame arrows, when fully activated, the power that erupted was simply unstoppable for ordinary warriors. Even a Heavenly Talent would have to retreat.
However, Luo Zheng insisted on doing so, and he vowed that there was absolutely no problem.
In this way, Phantom had no choice but to do as he said.
"Humph!"
Since someone on his side had pulled Luo Zheng over, Dugu snorted coldly. His thin figure suddenly flashed and quickly approached Luo Zheng.
Dugu had not thought of a way to break it, but it did not mean that he was afraid of Luo Zheng.
"No matter what scheme you have, since you are already here, you will die here." After saying that, Dugu waved his rod-like arm, and a long sword appeared in his hand.
Dugu was not his full name.
His full name was Dugu Jian Xiaoxiao …
The only Heavenly Talent among independent warriors.
A Heavenly Talent was the hope of a large clan.
In a large clan, there were often only a few Heavenly Talents.
The existence of a Heavenly Talent often required the strength of the entire clan. For example, when Ji Luoxue participated in the battle on the Illusory Battlefield, even the ancestor of the Ji family personally came out to watch.
However, in the universe, there were always some exceptions.
Dugu Jian Xiaoxiao was such an exception.
It only took him 31 years to reach the Spirit Sea Realm.
In a world full of geniuses, especially in the context of the battle of the general trend, this speed was not particularly arrogant.
After all, after the opening of this new era, all the core geniuses reached the Spirit Sea Realm quickly.
In the past, being able to open the Divine Sea before 50 years of age was already extremely rare. But now, this wasn't anything at all. There were many core geniuses that had already opened the Divine Sea at 21 or 22 years of age …
What was truly amazing about Dugu Jian Xiaoxiao was that she had relied entirely on her own strength. From a nameless independent martial artist, she had managed to defeat a proud son of heaven from the Ten Thousand Buddha Holy Region's Calamity Temple!
It was because of that battle that Dugu Jian Xiaoxiao became famous in a single battle.
At that time, Deities Without Thought had never thought that such an independent martial artist would appear out of nowhere!
The Four Great Clans immediately extended an olive branch to the Dugu Jian Xiaoxiao.
The title of Chosen One was just a title, but Dugu Jian Xiaoxiao had defeated his opponent, which meant that he had the strength to fight against a Chosen One, so he was a Chosen One.
No one wanted to let go of such a top genius.
However, Dugu Jian Xiaoxiao refused very bluntly.
Although he knew how powerful the Four Great Clans were, and he also knew that he would gain unimaginable benefits if he could receive personal guidance from a Celestial Lord, he still chose to refuse.
The reason was simple. His sword had helped him refuse.
Dugu Jian Xiaoxiao was able to achieve so much because of his sword.
At that time, Dugu Jian Xiaoxiao was just an ordinary martial artist with a Connate cultivation. In the Upper Realm, he was just a speck of dust.
Once, after a fight, Dugu Jian Xiaoxiao was beaten half to death and thrown into a mass grave. He lay there for seven days and seven nights, dying. When he woke up, he found such a sword beside a skeleton.
This dark iron sword looked very ordinary and was not a divine weapon. Even if it was abandoned in the mass grave, no one would pick it up.
However, the moment he touched this sword, he was enveloped by a powerful consciousness …
It was a sword with self-consciousness, which was the slender dark iron sword in Dugu Jian Xiaoxiao's hand.
The supreme martial arts he cultivated and the rare secret realms he explored were all bestowed by this dark iron sword. This iron sword was not only his strongest weapon, but also his master, his benefactor who had given him a new lease on life.
After obtaining this sword, Dugu Jian Xiaoxiao had risen to prominence. As an independent martial artist, she had collected the supreme treasures of many great worlds. As an independent martial artist, she had participated in the Four Clans Grand Tournament. From an unknown junior, she had slaughtered her way into the domain where the prodigies fought for. She had even defeated the prodigy of the Ten Thousand Buddha Sacred Region's Disaster Temple who had come from afar.
From then on, Dugu Jian Xiaoxiao's fame soared!
Now, in Gods No Thoughts, he was even neck and neck with Lie Qianhan, Xuanyuan Chenfeng, and Ji Luoxue.
Some people thought that Dugu Jian Xiaoxiao could be called a miracle among the Chosen Ones.
"Before absolute strength, all schemes are useless." At that moment, the consciousness of the sword in Dugu Jianxiaoxiao's hand was communicating with Dugu Jianxiaoxiao in this manner.
"I understand. Previously … I hesitated." Dugu Jian Xiaoxiao's face was expressionless. At this moment, he held the sword in his hand and rushed toward Luo Zheng.
That sword had accompanied Dugu Jian Xiaoxiao for many years. He had a vague idea of its origin.
This sword was not a product of this universe. It came from a higher level of existence, which was an existence that surpassed the Heavenly Way.
This sword told him that that place was called the Divine Realm.
In the beginning, the sword had followed him, and they had only been using each other. However, after the sword and man had accompanied each other for many years, their relationship had gradually deepened. He also knew some of the secrets of the sword, and the sword had helped him become a Dao Disciple, allowing him to surpass the Heavenly Dao …
When the Illusory Battlefield opened, this sword told Dugu Jian Xiaoxiao that the competition in the Illusory Battlefield would be very crucial.
Up until now, Dugu Jian Xiaoxiao had not encountered any resistance in the Illusory Battlefield. There were not many people among the younger generation in the universe who could be his match.
In his opinion, this guy in front of him seemed to be a little clever, but it was not enough to compete with him.
However …
The moment Luo Zheng was hooked into the darkness and regained his freedom.
Behind him, three extremely powerful balls of flame exploded!
The martial artist who originally hooked Luo Zheng was also impulsive. Impulsiveness did not mean that he was not confident. The moment he hooked Luo Zheng, he had already attacked. The short spear in his hand went straight for Luo Zheng's head. This spear thrust out, the tip of the spear spiraling. As long as it hit this guy, it would definitely crush his head!
But this martial artist never expected that just as he thrust out his spear, three flaming arrows would follow behind Luo Zheng!
"I …"
The martial artist cursed in his heart. At this moment, he no longer cared about assassinating Luo Zheng. His figure flashed, and he was about to escape.
Luo Zheng smiled faintly. His hands shot out like lightning and grabbed the martial artist! His hands were like iron hoops, firmly clamping on the martial artist's body. How could the martial artist break free?
"Die!"
At the same time, Dugu Jian Xiaoxiao's dark iron sword also pierced through the darkness and went straight for Luo Zheng.
He did not need to think too much.
This dark iron sword could almost settle everything! It was his greatest reliance, and also a part of his body.
When he defeated that genius from the Ten Thousand Buddha Sacred Region, he did not rely on his own strength, but on this iron sword in his hand.
But this was enough, because this dark iron sword was his most precious treasure, and in a sense, he also belonged to this dark iron sword …
However, before his sword could pierce through, the three balls of flames suddenly exploded.
"Rumble, rumble, rumble …"
The three balls of flames burst open in an instant. Even the Dharma of Darkness could not restrain the light emitted by these flames. These flames even seemed to want to devour the Dharma of Darkness.
The martial artist who used the Dharma of Darkness stood in another place with a gloomy face. He was trying his best to maintain the Dharma of Darkness that he had set up.
"Ah ah ah ah …"
The other martial artists had already fled the moment the three balls of flames burst open, but the martial artist who was caught by Luo Zheng was directly burned into charcoal in the flames.
This Moon Splitting Bursting Flame Bow was a supreme artifact after all. It contained the Karma Law exclusive to the fire element. How could a Divine Sea Realm martial artist block it?
Seeing the raging flames burst out, Dugu Jian Xiaoxiao's pupils shrank slightly, and she felt the urge to retreat …
Perhaps it was because of this sword that she could achieve what she had today. Strictly speaking, Dugu Jian Xiaoxiao's heart of martial arts was not strong, but this was not important, because that sword was already a part of Dugu Jian Xiaoxiao. It could represent Dugu Jian Xiaoxiao.
"Kid, don't be afraid. It's just the sixth level of the Bursting Flame Profound of the Dharma of Fire. I can still help you block it!"
At this moment, the dark iron sword sent a thought to Dugu Jian Xiaoxiao.
At the same time, a golden light was suddenly released from the dark iron sword. The golden light spread from the sword's hilt. In the blink of an eye, Dugu Jian Xiaoxiao's arm was dyed golden. At the same time, the golden light spread to his arm, chest, and neck …
Then, he turned into a dazzling golden person.
Under the impact of the Bursting Flame Profound, Dugu Jian Xiaoxiao was not harmed in the slightest!
"But then again, that kid used such a method. Is he not afraid of the Bursting Flame Profound?"
The dark iron sword was also very puzzled. It could not figure this out.
After Dugu Jian Xiaoxiao and the sword in her hand rushed into the Bursting Flame Profound, the dark iron sword finally saw the scene in front of it clearly. Like Dugu Jian Xiaoxiao, Luo Zheng was also plated with a layer of gold. The difference was that the dense golden vortexes on Luo Zheng's body seemed to be madly absorbing the flames that erupted from the Bursting Flame Profound.
"This, this is!"
When the dark iron sword noticed the changes in Luo Zheng's body, it sent a thought to Dugu Jian Xiaoxiao in surprise.
"What's this?"
Dugu Jian Xiaoxiao asked doubtfully.
Ever since he established a connection with the dark iron sword, everything in the universe was child's play in the eyes of the dark iron sword. It didn't even put those Celestial Venerables in its eyes. It was as if there was nothing in the universe that was worthy of its shock.
But at this moment, when the dark iron sword noticed the changes in Luo Zheng's body, it revealed a strong feeling of surprise.
"It's okay. Kill this person first." The dark iron sword sent a thought to Dugu Jian Xiaoxiao again.
"Understood." Dugu Jian Xiaoxiao was now very close to Luo Zheng. In fact, the dark iron sword had taught Dugu Jian Xiaoxiao the most, because this sword was simply an indestructible existence. As long as Dugu Jian Xiaoxiao could get close to the opponent, he could rest easy and leave the matter of attacking to the sword!
Dugu Jian Xiaoxiao even suspected that as long as he could get close to a Celestial Venerable, this sword could even kill a Celestial Venerable with one strike.
"Whoosh!"
The dark iron sword drew an arc in the air.
This dark iron sword did not erupt with any power. Only Dugu Jian Xiaoxiao knew how terrifying this sword was …
This guy in front of him was already a dead man.