Before Luo Zheng was dragged over, he had already thought of a way out.
He thought that the Phantom had prepared a powerful attack as his cover. Although the Broken Moon Bursting Flame Bow of the Phantom was extremely powerful, Luo Zheng's body was originally immune to fire injuries.
With the two of them working together, as long as the opponent dared to hook him over, he was confident that he could kill him!
Of course, the person who would really kill the opponent wasn't Luo Zheng. Therefore, the fantasy points that shot out from the body of the martial artist who had been burned into charcoal just now flew directly into the Phantom's body.
However, to his surprise, the opponent's prodigy was also able to withstand the damage of the Broken Moon Bursting Flame Bow. He even rushed towards him while facing the flames and wanted to kill him!
The moment this person rushed towards him with the long sword in his hand, Luo Zheng had already noticed the uniqueness of the iron sword.
Although the appearance of this iron sword looked shabby and ordinary, belonging to the category of unranked ordinary weapons, at that moment, it gave Luo Zheng great pressure!
If he was cut by this sword, he was afraid that he would die without a doubt!
However, just as this thought emerged, a long hook wrapped around Luo Zheng and quickly pulled him back.
"Hook him back!" The dark iron sword's order was almost unquestionable.
"Whoosh!"
In an instant, Dugu Jian Xiaoxiao threw the long hook in his hand at Luo Zheng!
He also couldn't allow Luo Zheng to kill someone in front of him and then slip away openly!
Therefore, the long hook in his hand flew towards Luo Zheng like a bolt of lightning.
The moment his long hook wrapped around Luo Zheng, it made a "ding" sound. Ji Nan's long hook was originally wrapped around Luo Zheng's body, and now Dugu Jian Xiaoxiao's long hook was added to it.
Under the collision of two completely identical rules, the long hook that wrapped around Luo Zheng was directly knocked away, and Dugu Jian Xiaoxiao's long hook also failed to wrap around Luo Zheng!
However, Luo Zheng, who was no longer bound by the long hook, was unable to fly in the air. At the same time, there was no place for him to borrow strength from. His whole body fell into the deep trench!
In this deep trench, colorful energy rivers slowly flowed.
According to the rules of the Karma Hall, these seemingly gentle energies were absolutely fatal existences. If one were to fall into them, they would undoubtedly die. There was no exception.
This was something that Luo Zheng had never thought of!
However, there was no panic on Luo Zheng's face. After all, there was no real death in the Dream Battlefield. His expression was extremely calm. Before he fell, he threw the hook in his hand at Dugu Jian Xiaoxiao!
The intertwining of the hooks happened in an instant.
Luo Zheng had just started to descend, and the Dugu Jian Xiaoxiao was still in the process of retrieving her long hook. However, Luo Zheng's long hook was a step ahead of her and shot towards him!
The first to react was the Dugu Jian Xiaoxiao's sword …
However, no matter how fast the sword's reaction was, it was not the Dugu Jian Xiaoxiao. Realizing that Luo Zheng wanted to drag the Dugu Jian Xiaoxiao down with him, the dark iron sword quickly transmitted its consciousness to him.
However, it was still a step too late.
In other words, the sword did not make the Dugu Jian Xiaoxiao react. He only released a strong sense of danger to the Dugu Jian Xiaoxiao.
However, although the Dugu Jian Xiaoxiao felt this sense of danger, by the time she realized that the danger came from Luo Zheng's long hook, the long hook had already wrapped around the Dugu Jian Xiaoxiao and pulled her fiercely towards Luo Zheng!
Therefore, at this moment, the two of them left the center of the deep trench and fell towards the energy river at the bottom of the trench!
"This guy is unforgivable!"
The Dugu Jian Xiaoxiao's sword roared angrily.
After the two of them fell, they would probably die and be sent back to the main city.
However …
However, the expected scene did not happen.
At the critical moment, Jin Hai, who was behind them, once again threw a long hook at Luo Zheng. This time, he wanted to pull Luo Zheng back from the deep trench.
The timing of his attack was just right. After the long hook in his hand wrapped around the falling Luo Zheng, he dragged him toward the fog at an extremely fast speed.
The Dugu Jian Xiaoxiao also faced the same problem. As he fell, a warrior behind him also threw a long hook, which wrapped around his body and dragged him back.
There was no clear winner or loser in this exchange of blows. Strictly speaking, the two of them did not even exchange blows.
While the Dugu Jian Xiaoxiao was rescued by his companions, he was unwilling to give up and threw his long hook at Luo Zheng again!
"Ding!"
The long hook in his hand shook off Jin Hai's long hook. Luo Zheng, who had just been pulled up, began to fall again.
At this moment, Luo Zheng could be considered to have thrown caution to the wind. Even if he really died in this Karma Hall, he would drag someone down with him. In less than a blink of an eye, the long hook in Luo Zheng's hand also swept towards the Dugu Jian Xiaoxiao. Accompanied by a crisp "ding" sound, the long hook on Dugu Jian Xiaoxiao's body was also shaken off.
The Dugu Jian Xiaoxiao also began to sink, but he twisted his body in the air and turned around. Suddenly, a sword light burst out from the dark iron sword and went straight for Luo Zheng. The sword light was very smooth and was displayed by the dark iron sword itself! Although it could not display its full strength because it had extracted the Dugu Jian Xiaoxiao's True Essence, the Concept contained in the sword light was extremely profound, and its power was naturally extremely sharp.
Luo Zheng's figure moved slightly to the side and unsheathed his long sword. Lightning and wind blades burst out from the Thunder and Wind Ghost Sword. At the same time, dozens of ghost shadows also rushed towards the Dugu Jian Xiaoxiao.
The two of them were in a very critical situation, but they seemed to have chosen to ignore it. As they fell rapidly, they used their own methods.
"This sword light …" Luo Zheng's pupils suddenly widened. He could not avoid it. If the sword light cut him, he would undoubtedly die.
But at this moment, another long hook wrapped around Luo Zheng and stopped his falling momentum. Because of the pull of the long hook and Luo Zheng's body twisting, he was able to forcibly avoid the Dugu Jian Xiaoxiao's powerful slash.
Dugu Jian Xiaoxiao's situation was similar to Luo Zheng's. Another long hook shot out from the darkness and dragged the Dugu Jian Xiaoxiao to the other side.
But just when the two of them had a chance to return to their respective camps, the two of them were still competing with each other. After all, if they fell into the river of energy, they would most likely die.
The two of them shot out their long hooks again …
The two of them kept falling and were pulled up by the people behind them. At the same time, the two of them threw their long hooks at each other and continued to fall into the river of energy.
This thrilling scene lasted for seven rounds. They fell seven times and were pulled up seven times. Both of them destroyed the other's long hooks several times …
Neither of them dared to breathe a sigh of relief, but the Dugu Jian Xiaoxiao was secretly shocked. This guy looked ordinary, but he actually had such strength! Previously, he had underestimated Luo Zheng.
One must know that the Dugu Jian Xiaoxiao was well aware of the strength of this sword. Even so, he was unable to gain any advantage over Luo Zheng. He was anxious.
But at this moment, another flame exploded above the Dugu Jian Xiaoxiao's head!
"Boom …"
An intense explosion of flames erupted, forming a wall of flames that blocked the Law of Darkness. The cultivators shrouded in the Law of Darkness were unable to find the Dugu Jian Xiaoxiao through the layer of flames.
The two long hooks that were originally intended to rescue the Dugu Jian Xiaoxiao did not manage to hook onto the Dugu Jian Xiaoxiao. Instead, they swept past him and went straight for Luo Zheng!
The Dugu Jian Xiaoxiao, who had lost the support of the long hooks, fell directly into the river of energy in the deep trench. Luo Zheng, on the other hand, was accidentally pulled into the Law of Darkness on the other side by the long hooks.
Luo Zheng had just steadied himself when he saw the Dugu Jian Xiaoxiao coldly staring at him from the corner of his eyes. His eyes were full of murderous intent and unwillingness as he fell into the colorful river of energy.
＝＝＝＝＝