The energy surging like a river began to corrode Dugu Jian Xiaoxiao's body!
Dugu Jian Xiaoxiao didn't even care about the Heavenly Dao's rules in the Karma Hall.
The dark metal sword in his hand had the power to override the Heavenly Dao.
Before entering the Illusory Space, the sword had told Dugu Jian Xiaoxiao that the Illusory Battlefield had a special repulsive force towards him. It was possible that other than him, all hidden souls and living beings would not be able to enter together.
For example, when Luo Zheng entered the Illusory Battlefield this time, he wasn't able to bring Xun, Qinglong, and the others with him. The Illusory Battlefield's projection could only accept Luo Zheng alone. Even now, Luo Zheng couldn't communicate with them.
But the sword had forcibly broken this rule of the Illusory Battlefield and forced its way into the Illusory Battlefield.
The sword also knew that if he hadn't come, Dugu Jian Xiaoxiao wouldn't have been able to accomplish much with his own strength …
After entering the Illusory Battlefield with the sword, Dugu Jian Xiaoxiao was confident that he could compete for first place in the Illusory Battlefield.
Not only were those prodigies no match for him, but even a Dao Child who had truly comprehended the Dao was no match for him!
The Karma Hall was dangerous, and a moment of carelessness could lead to death. Just like the second Karma Hall he had just passed, there were countless life-taking ropes. According to the rules of the Karma Hall, these life-taking ropes were almost impossible to sever. But Dugu Jian Xiaoxiao had relied on the sword to forcibly sever the Heavenly Dao rules within …
This was the fundamental reason why not a single one of the 10 of them had perished in the Karma Hall, and it was also the reason why the 10 core geniuses of the various clans addressed him as Big Brother Dugu. It was because they noticed that this' Dugu 'who was traveling with them this time seemed to be an unimaginably thick thigh ….
Under the leadership of 'Dugu', they might have been able to easily complete the Karma Hall.
Given their gains in the Karma Hall, the ten of them would probably be able to enter the top ten of this world!
But just as they reached the third Karma Hall, they were arranged to clash with another group of people. At first, they even thought that the difficulty would be lowered. After all, with 'Dugu''s' strength, he could easily wipe out the seven of them.
But they never imagined …
Just like that, Dugu fell into the energy river.
"I can't accept this … bring me up!"
This energy river rapidly eroded the layer of golden light covering Dugu Jian Xiaoxiao's body. This dark iron sword was incomparably tyrannical. If it were any other martial artist, if they were to fall into this energy river, they would have died in the blink of an eye. They would have been completely eroded.
"Dugu Jian Xiaoxiao's Dugu Jian Xiaoxiao's's," the sword replied....
"Then, then … Let me float up, I want to say something to that guy!"
Dugu Jian Xiaoxiao had never imagined that he would be defeated in the Karma Hall. Moreover, it was caused by a brat of unknown origin. How could his proud heart accept this?
...
The dark sword's' surface suddenly flashed with a dazzling golden light. It dragged Dugu Jian Xiaoxiao up from the bottom of the energy river.
It was also because the dark sword was not at its peak. If it was at its peak, it would have been enough to protect Dugu Jian Xiaoxiao as he swam freely in the energy river. Not to mention that, it would have been easy for it to shatter the Heavenly Dao. But now, it could only protect Dugu Jian Xiaoxiao for a short while.
Even so, it was enough to stun the martial artists on both sides of the shore.
When the martial artists in the darkness saw Dugu Jian Xiaoxiao fall into the energy river, their hearts sank. After the battle in the second Karma Hall, the strength that Dugu Jian Xiaoxiao had displayed had completely convinced this group of proud geniuses. But now that he had fallen, the shock in their hearts was even greater.
As for Luo Zheng's' side …
Ji Nan had recognized him the moment Dugu Jian Xiaoxiao appeared from the darkness.
Dugu Jian Xiaoxiao …
That guy who had become famous in one battle.
It was also this person who had appeared out of nowhere and stolen much of Ji Luoxue's limelight.
It was a pity that Ji Luoxue had not fought Dugu Jian Xiaoxiao in the Four-Race Grand Competition.
Not only did Ji Nan recognize this person, but Jin Hai also recognized him. After all, Dugu Jian Xiaoxiao had become famous by stepping on that prodigy of the Ten Thousand Buddha Sacred Domain. When this news spread to the Ten Thousand Buddha Sacred Domain, it caused a huge commotion!
Therefore, the moment Ji Nan saw Dugu Jian Xiaoxiao, she was already in a state of despair. She sighed inwardly.
She was done for. Although she trusted Luo Zheng, in her heart, Luo Zheng's strength should be much stronger than hers, Jin Hai, Huan Ling, and the others. But it was still unknown if he could fight against the prodigies.
However, just like that, Luo Zheng had dragged Dugu Jian Xiaoxiao into a state where his life was hanging by a thread. At the same time, Luo Zheng himself was also in an extremely dangerous state. Then, before Ji Nan could understand what had happened, Dugu Jian Xiaoxiao fell into the energy river and disappeared in an instant. It looked like he was dead.
Although Luo Zheng did not rely on his own strength to win a head-on battle, but relied on luck and trickery to get this prodigy into the energy river, this was enough to make Ji Nan sigh incomparably. At the very least, Luo Tianxing's luck was probably much stronger than Dugu Jian Xiaoxiao's.
However …
Just as Ji Nan was sighing slightly, a sword shadow emerged from the bottom of the dark river. After the sword came out of the water, Dugu Jian Xiaoxiao's originally sunk figure actually emerged. But at this moment, his face had been corroded beyond recognition by the pure energy flow in the river. And that was the result of the sword's full protection.
"He can still get up like this! This guy is so freakish! "
The rude Azure Demon also sighed.
Ji Nan, Jin Hai, Huan Ling, and the others could not help but gasp. They were really afraid that this guy could fly up from the energy river.
It was just that flying was forbidden in the Karma Hall. In his current state, this possibility was not high.
As for the warriors on Dugu Jian's side, there was a glimmer of hope in their eyes.
However, Dugu Jian Xiaoxiao did not leave the river. It was already very strenuous for the sword to bring him up to the surface of the river. After all, this was almost a direct violation of the rules of the Heavenly Dao, and it consumed a lot of energy for the sword.
However, Dugu Jian Xiaoxiao did not leave the river. After he appeared, there was only deep hatred in his eyes. Accompanied by a wild laugh, he stared at Luo Zheng and said, "Boy, you win this time! But you won only because of luck. It has nothing to do with strength! "
Luo Zheng stared at Dugu Jian Xiaoxiao's head in the river, his face showing a noncommittal expression. To be honest, Luo Zheng himself was very surprised that this person could survive in the energy river for so long. Even with his miraculous body, he would probably be corroded to death instantly if he fell into the river. This person seemed to have an extremely powerful force protecting him.
A force that could resist the rules of the Heavenly Dao to a certain extent …
Either the Divine Race came in person, or it was an existence that surpassed the Heavenly Dao.
Was the problem with the sword?
"Do your best! I hope that you can have a smooth journey. This way, we will meet again sooner or later. At that time, I hope that you won't play such tricks again. I will make you lose to me fair and square … Gulong, gulong … "
The following words could not be heard clearly.
Dugu Jian Xiaoxiao's sword had already reached its limit.
He quickly sank into the energy river. After losing the protection of the sword, his body was instantly corroded and melted, becoming a part of the energy river.
At the same time, a large ball of dreamy light exploded!
"So many dreamy light balls!"
Everyone's eyes suddenly lit up!
According to their previous experience, the dreamy light balls that Dugu Jian Xiaoxiao had exploded were at least tens of millions!
Those yellow light balls quietly floated above the energy river. They did not float up or down, and they emitted a strong attractive force to the warriors on both sides of the river.
But so what if the attractive force was strong? Who would dare to step into this energy river and absorb it?
When Luo Zheng saw this scene, a regretful expression appeared on his face. He was afraid that such a large amount of dreamy points would be wasted here. It was a pity that he did not kill this person with his own hands. Otherwise, these dreamy light balls would automatically enter his body.