Luo Zheng threw out his long hook, and with a backhand pull, Jin Hai was the first one to be pulled over.
At the same time, he had already rushed into the darkness!
After Jin Hai was pulled over, he immediately pulled Ji Nan over, followed by Phantom, Azure Demon, and the other three cultivators …
"Bang!"
Just as the cultivators on Luo Zheng's side were being pulled to the opposite side one by one, a muffled sound came from the darkness, and then a ball of dreamy light exploded and flew towards Luo Zheng!
The cultivators who could enter the Dream Hall naturally collected a lot of dreamy light spots. After absorbing them, Luo Zheng instantly gained over a hundred thousand dreamy points.
At this moment, how could Jin Hai, Ji Nan, and the others be willing to fall behind Luo Zheng?
The Dugu Jian Xiaoxiao had died and returned to the main city to be resurrected. Their leader had fallen, and their morale had dropped to a freezing point.
Although the strength of the remaining seven people wasn't bad, under the circumstances that they didn't have the intention to fight, there was no need to fear them!
What's more, the strength of Ji Nan, Jin Hai, and Phantom could not be underestimated!
Accompanied by the flickering light of the Buddha's Blade, the cultivator who used the Law of Darkness was also killed. The darkness that shrouded this place dissipated, and the number of cultivators on the other side rapidly decreased, turning into dreamy light spots …
After the last person's dreamy points were absorbed by Ji Nan, everyone's eyes once again focused on Luo Zheng.
At this moment, this third Karma Hall didn't seem to be too difficult. From beginning to end, Ji Nan and the others didn't do much, and only Phantom helped Luo Zheng.
However, they also knew that this third Karma Hall was extremely dangerous. If it weren't for Luo Zheng bringing the Dugu Jian Xiaoxiao into this energy river, they would probably be wiped out here … The reason they could pass through this Karma Hall was none other than Luo Zheng alone!
"Why are you looking at me?" Luo Zheng looked at the exit of the Karma Hall. Their exit was the entrance of the Dugu Jian Xiaoxiao's group.
Ji Nan pursed her lips and smiled, "That guy is very unwilling."
"Who?" Luo Zheng pretended not to know.
Ji Nan pointed at the energy river in the deep trench.
Luo Zheng smiled. "I've already offended Ji Luoxue. Adding another one won't hurt …"
This kind of character, even if he had fallen once, he would probably be able to catch up quickly. With the evolution of the Illusory Battlefield, the warriors who were ranked at the bottom would be constantly eliminated, while the warriors who were ranked at the top would constantly collide with each other. Sooner or later, Luo Zheng would meet this person again.
"That's true …" Ji Nan looked at Luo Zheng's indifferent expression and could only smile helplessly.
"However, these dreamy light spots are wasted," Luo Zheng said as he stared at the dreamy light spots floating on the river.
Not only Luo Zheng, but Ji Nan, Jin Hai, and the others also looked at those dreamy light spots with regretful expressions.
At this moment, Phantom walked beside Luo Zheng, holding the long hook in her hand and saying softly, "You go down, I'll hook you up!"
"Hmm?" Luo Zheng looked at Phantom.
"Trust me, I won't let you fall in," Phantom said seriously.
This long hook could hook a warrior back in an instant, but the large group of dreamy light spots always floated one foot above the energy river. If one jumped down and absorbed all the dreamy light spots in an instant, and someone threw the long hook at the same time, with the right timing, it was not impossible to take away these dreamy light spots.
However, to absorb these dreamy light spots, the warrior who threw the hook had to have an extremely precise timing!
If he was a little faster, he might not be able to catch the falling warrior. If he was a little slower, the warrior would fall into the energy river. Regardless of whether he was a little faster or a little slower, the warrior who fell in would be destroyed.
Another problem was the issue of trust.
This group of warriors had entered the Karma Hall together and had built trust among each other, but it was not enough to put their lives in the hands of others. If the person on the shore did not throw the hook, then they would really die unjustly, even though they would not really die in the Illusory Battlefield …
"I can hit a flying butterfly from ten miles away. There is absolutely no mistake," Phantom added.
She had been a woman of few words along the way, but at this moment, Phantom was very confident.
"We … will also throw the hook," Ji Nan said with a smile when she saw Luo Zheng's expression change.
"It's better to let Phantom throw the hook alone. When the two long hooks collide, the Laws contained in them will cancel each other out. I'm afraid it will be self-defeating," Jin Hai said. Although he was tempted, he did not dare to jump into the energy river.
Now, everyone regarded Luo Zheng as their backbone and expected him to lead the team further in the Karma Hall. No one wanted Luo Zheng to fall. As for Jin Hai, he was far less important than Luo Zheng.
Luo Zheng glanced at Phantom, then at the dreamy points in the energy river …
Now, he only had a total of more than ten million dreamy points in his body. The dreamy points in the energy river were definitely not a small amount for Luo Zheng.
After pondering for a moment, he nodded at Phantom. These tens of millions of dreamy points were worth Luo Zheng's risk.
Then, he walked to the edge. Phantom stood behind Luo Zheng, holding the long hook in her hand.
"I'm jumping!"
After saying that, Luo Zheng leaped into the air.
Then, he jumped towards the dreamy light spot in the energy river.
The distance of several feet was covered in an instant by Luo Zheng's rapid fall.
At this moment, Phantom looked straight ahead, staring at the height of Luo Zheng's fall. Calculating in her heart, she threw the long hook in her hand towards the dreamy light spot.
When Luo Zheng's figure passed by the dreamy light spots, these ownerless dreamy light spots immediately drilled into his body!
But while he absorbed the dreamy light spots, he was less than a foot away from the energy river below …
"Whoosh …"
At the same time, the long hook wrapped around Luo Zheng's body. Under Phantom's strong pull, Luo Zheng stopped falling at this moment. Under the pull of the long hook, Luo Zheng's head tilted forward, and the tip of his nose was only two or three inches away from the energy river!
If he fell any further, he was afraid that he would be eroded by this energy river.
Luo Zheng could resist the powerful flame force, but he absolutely could not withstand the erosion of this energy river …
"Huff … Huff …"
Under Phantom's strong pull, Luo Zheng's figure began to rise rapidly, and he returned to the shore almost instantly.
Seeing Luo Zheng come back intact, several cultivators showed envious expressions. How could they not be envious of the danger they took in exchange for tens of millions of dreamy points?
"Thank you," Luo Zheng, who returned to the shore, thanked Phantom.
Phantom just nodded slightly, "No need to thank me, this is what you deserve."
Although this Dugu Jian Xiaoxiao was not killed by Luo Zheng, Luo Zheng was the one who killed him. If not for him, all of them would have died at the hands of the Dugu Jian Xiaoxiao.
After collecting the Dugu Jian Xiaoxiao's dreamy points, Luo Zheng's ranking soared again …
Because cultivators from all over the Illusory Battlefield had obtained iron scrolls from various secret realms and entered the Karma Hall!
At this stage, everyone's ranking was fluctuating violently.
After all, entering the Illusory Hall required a deduction of five million dreamy points. For the cultivators in front, if tens of thousands of dreamy points were deducted, their ranking would drop a lot, let alone five million.
After Luo Zheng's initial deduction of five million dreamy points, his ranking fell directly.
But after he passed through the second Karma Hall, his ranking quickly returned. After absorbing tens of millions of dreamy points, his ranking in this Great World had reached the 23rd place!
And in the entire Illusory Battlefield, his ranking directly jumped from 9200 to 130 …
The top 100 was the place where the geniuses gathered!
This was already the top of the pyramid, the most outstanding existence in the universe!
"This Luo Zheng's strength is definitely not weak!"
"Who said he relied on an Immortal Mansion? His strength is probably comparable to the geniuses! "
"If this guy continues to rush forward, I'm afraid he will enter the top 100!"
Originally, many people in the universe had been paying attention to Luo Zheng. Even when Luo Zheng was ranked outside the millions, they had been paying attention to him.
Not long ago, Luo Zheng had entered the top 10,000 …