Translator: EndlessFantasy Translation Editor: EndlessFantasy Translation
Three Pure World, Jade Pure Sacred Ground …
Qingling Martial Hall was the core cultivation sacred ground of the Jade Pure Sacred Ground.
Only the disciples with the most outstanding talent could be selected to enter this martial hall.
During this time, the Divine Sea Realm martial artists of Qingling Martial Hall had all entered the Illusory Battlefield, so Qingling Martial Hall was deserted.
However, it was very lively outside a large hall in the center of Qingling Martial Hall.
Life and Death Realm martial artists, as well as Extreme God Realm martial artists, were all gathered here, looking at the pyramid formed by countless names at the top of the hall.
The competition in the Illusory Battlefield was ongoing. As the cultivation sacred ground of the Jade Pure Sacred Ground, Qingling Martial Hall had high hopes for some of the core geniuses …
"Shen Qing's ranking has risen again. He has entered the two hundred and twenty thousand!"
"It seems like it's possible for him to enter the top one hundred thousand …"
"He really lives up to everyone's expectations!"
On average, there were three tenth-rank sacred grounds in the one hundred thousand great worlds …
As the most outstanding martial artist of the Jade Pure Sacred Ground, it would be a great achievement if Shen Qing could enter the top one hundred thousand.
These disciples were not the only ones paying attention to Shen Qing. Even the Sacred Lord of the Jade Pure Sacred Ground came to observe from time to time.
The pyramid floated above the large hall, which was the only illusory space in the Jade Pure Sacred Ground.
The operation of the illusory space required a large amount of True Essence.
Usually, True Essence would only be consumed when there were people in the illusory space. However, because of the pyramid, the illusory space needed to constantly replenish True Essence.
In the Upper World, there were two ways to replenish True Essence.
The first method was to use True Essence Stones or Zhen Yuanyu. This method consumed a lot of resources. The more economical method was to let martial artists directly supply True Essence from their bodies.
There were not many things in the universe, but the number of martial artists was extremely large.
The True Essence of martial artists came from the Yuan Qi of Heaven and Earth. As long as a certain number of martial artists gathered, they could continuously absorb the Yuan Qi of Heaven and Earth. After the Yuan Qi was converted into True Essence in the body, it would be supplied to the illusory space to maintain the operation of the illusory space.
This method wasn't only used in the Illusory Space, but also in some large-scale Divine Inscription Formations.
In the back of this grand hall, there were over a thousand people sitting side by side, pouring their true essence into the divine runes below. These divine runes absorbed the true essence of different people and then gathered it together, erasing the martial artist's mark. Finally, the pure true essence was turned into the purest form of true essence that was supplied into the dreamland, maintaining the operation of the dreamland …
If his True Essence was cut off, the illusory space would gradually dissipate, and the pyramid at the top would also disappear.
"Sigh, although we're free from mining, I don't know how long it'll take to absorb True Yuan all day," complained a red-clothed woman.
Ning Yudie sat at the side of the red-clothed girl. Her hands were placed on top of the Divine Rune that was absorbing True Essence. Her expression was calm. "Our strength is weak and we don't have the qualifications to enter the Clear Spirit Martial Hall. Supplying True Essence here is better than mining …"
As an ascender, Ning Yudie had been summoned by a half-step World Lord of the Clear Jade Holy Lands to select a disciple.
At that time, Ning Yudie had a bad premonition. This half-step World Lord had chosen a female disciple; he definitely didn't have any good intentions.
The result was as expected. Although it was incomparably mysterious, in the end it was some sort of male and female dual cultivation technique that was said to be comparable to a transcendent divine might, and would be greatly beneficial to female martial artists …
But the final request caused Ning Yudie to let out a breath of relief. The most important requirement was that she had to maintain her virginity.
She was already a married woman, so she had escaped this calamity.
However, with Ning Yudie's status as an ascender, she should have been forced to work in the mines. But now that she had been brought here, it wasn't convenient for her to go back to mining. In the end, she was sent here to absorb heaven and earth origin energy every day and then pour her True Essence into the divine runes.
This task continued day and night. Although it wouldn't cause any harm to a martial artist's body, it was still extremely boring. It was unknown how long she would have to endure this.
"This Clear Spirit Martial Hall only recruits the most core disciples of the Holy Land … entering is just a dream!" The red-clothed woman curled her lips, "It's better to be taken in as a disciple by that half-step World Lord. In any case, you'll have a chance to stand out in the higher realms! It's a pity that I wasn't chosen! "
Not every martial artist was disgusted by the male and female dual cultivation technique. On the contrary, this was a shortcut for female disciples to rapidly improve.
Hearing this, Ning Yudie curled her lips and lightly said, "My husband, I wonder if he has the qualifications to enter this Clear Spirit Martial Hall …"
"Your husband? Hehe, dream on … think about it, there are countless Divine Sea realm martial artists in this tenth grade Holy Land. Those that can enter are the core of the core, the most outstanding martial artists of the Clear Jade Holy Land … "The red-clothed woman sneered.
"Pa!"
At this moment, a whip shadow suddenly lashed out, exploding beside the red-clothed woman and Ning Yudie!
"If you make any more noise, I'll chase you out of this place and send you to the mine to mine!" A rough voice rang out. Not far away, a fat woman said coldly.
Although the whip didn't hit Ning Yudie and the red-clothed woman, the air waves from the whip were like knives, scraping the two women's faces painfully.
Some martial artists transferred their quintessential essence here in exchange for some benefits. As for Ning Yudie and the other ascenders, they were doing hard labor here …
Ning Yudie lightly glanced at the fat woman, but her eyes were filled with a trace of frost.
Ning Yudie knew that her strength and talent were not worth mentioning in the Upper Realm, so she had always been careful and patient. However, there were always people who would deliberately make things difficult for her, especially this woman, who had been looking for trouble for no reason.
There was no need to visualize the quintessential essence here. Their whispered conversation didn't disturb others, but this fat woman didn't allow it. She was deliberately looking for trouble.
Probably feeling the coldness in Ning Yudie's eyes, the fat woman slowly walked over. She looked down at Ning Yudie and sneered, "How is it? What do you mean by looking at me like that? "
"Nothing." Ning Yudie turned her face away.
"I heard … you ascended to the higher realms to find your husband? Your husband is also an ascender? "The fat woman asked. She didn't know where she heard this from.
Ning Yudie's expression was cold. She didn't want to speak.
"How childish. The universe is so big. Who knows where your husband has ascended to? Besides, he's just a nobody. I'm afraid he's still mining in some sacred land's mine! "The fat woman deliberately mentioned this to ridicule her.
However, if it was her, it was possible.
The efficiency of a Divine Sea Realm martial artist was naturally much faster than the average person. However, it wasn't easy to complete a mission that required millions of top-grade quintessential essence stones.
It was normal for some Divine Sea Realm martial artists to spend decades or even centuries digging.
Ning Yudie's heart trembled slightly. Her expression didn't change, but her heart was filled with helplessness …
This woman ridiculed her, but her logic might be correct. Previously, she thought that finding Luo Zheng was as difficult as finding a needle in a haystack. However, it seemed that finding a needle in a haystack was too easy. Finding information about Luo Zheng in the universe was thousands of times harder than finding a needle in a haystack!
The fat woman left with a cold smile …
Ning Yudie mechanically transferred her quintessential essence into the divine pattern. Her eyes gradually filled with sorrow.
However, at this moment, a vigorous voice suddenly sounded in her ears!
"Hehe, we have 16 people in the top 100 of [Gods Without Thought]. It's worth celebrating, worth celebrating …"
The voice that suddenly sounded in her ears gave Ning Yudie a fright.
In the days after she ascended, everyone in the universe had been busy paying attention to the Illusory Battlefield. No one had made a sound in the universe. This was the first time that Ning Yudie had heard the mysterious sound of the Roaring Command.
"This sound … what's going on?" Ning Yudie's face was filled with curiosity.
"It's the sound of the Roaring Command," a martial artist beside her lowered his voice and told Ning Yudie, "This Roaring Command can transmit its sound to the entire universe …" This martial artist wasn't an ascender. He had been forced to enter this place to supply his quintessential essence for other reasons.
"Roaring Command?" Ning Yudie frowned as she thought about it. She felt that these three words sounded very familiar, as if she had heard them before, but after thinking about it for a while, she couldn't recall where she had heard them before. However, a light flashed across her eyes. If she could get this Roaring Token, wouldn't she be able to tell her husband where she was?
If Luo Zheng knew where she was, he would definitely set out to find her!
"This Roaring Command is so mysterious. How many quintessential essence stones can I buy it?" Ning Yudie asked.
For this ascension, Ning Yudie had made thorough preparations. She still had a lot of quintessential essence stones in her hands, about 200,000 top-grade quintessential essence stones.
She didn't expect that as soon as she asked, the martial artist would look at her like she was an idiot. "How many quintessential essence stones? Hehe … "
Ning Yudie didn't know why this martial artist was laughing.
＝＝＝＝＝