Looking at Ning Yudie's puzzled expression, the warrior said lightly, "The value of this Roaring Token can't be measured by Zhen Yuanyu. Ordinary warriors can't buy it. If you really want to buy it, I think it's worth at least a million Zhen Yuanyu, right?"
"A million Zhen Yuanyu!"
Although Ning Yudie had just ascended, she had heard that mining in the Holy Land required one to pay a hundred Zhen Yuanyu.
One Zhen Yuanyu could be exchanged for ten thousand supreme-grade Zhen Yuanyu.
Then, a million Zhen Yuanyu, wouldn't that be a hundred million supreme-grade Zhen Yuanyu?
Since the Cloud Hall and the Commerce Alliance joined forces to unify the Central Domain, her master had returned to the Cloud Hall. Now, the Cloud Hall was flourishing. Under the joint operation of the Commerce Alliance, the number of Zhen Yuanyu in the hall was not small.
For her ascension this time, her master, Granny Yu, had given her half of the supreme-grade Zhen Yuanyu stored in the Cloud Hall in case she needed it.
This half of the supreme-grade Zhen Yuanyu was worth more than two hundred thousand.
Just now, she was still considering whether to buy two Roaring Tokens. Now that she heard this number, she was shocked.
It turned out that the supreme-grade Zhen Yuanyu that she brought up was nothing in the Upper Realm …
In fact, when the warrior said that the Roaring Token was worth a hundred million supreme-grade Zhen Yuanyu, he was exaggerating the value of the Roaring Token by ten times.
The warrior couldn't be blamed. After all, the Roaring Token was a priceless item in the Upper Realm. Ordinary warriors could only see it once in their lifetime. Basically, only Realm Lords and Heavenly Venerables were qualified to use it. The warrior said that a million Zhen Yuanyu was just a rough estimate.
"Of course, even the Holy Lords and Realm Lords of the Jade Pure Holy Land only have one or two in their hands." The warrior shook his head and sighed. Compared to the Holy Lords of the Holy Land, warriors like them were like grass.
Ning Yudie pursed her lips, her face revealing a trace of melancholy. She wasn't counting on the Roaring Command, but she felt that it was somewhat familiar, as if she had heard of the Roaring Command somewhere before …
That warrior then sighed, "There is always an anomaly in this universe. A few years ago, there was a guy named Luo Zheng who used this Roaring Token to tell stories all day long. It is said that he was only at the Spirit Sea Realm. I don't know where he got this Roaring Token that can be used infinitely …"
Hearing this, Ning Yudie was stunned.
"Luo Zheng?" Ning Yudie stared at the martial artist and asked. She couldn't help but raise her voice.
The other martial practitioners around her also turned to look at Ning Yudie, including the red-clothed woman beside Ning Yudie.
Fortunately, that fat woman wasn't here. Otherwise, he would have been taught a lesson …
"Sister Die, what's wrong?" the red-clothed woman asked when she saw Ning Yudie's expression.
As for that martial artist, he chuckled and said, "That's right. That guy is in the limelight now. I'm afraid there is no one in this universe who doesn't know him. It is said that this guy ascended from the Lower Realm and has an Immortal Mansion. He used that Immortal Mansion to kill several Celestial Venerables …"
In the eyes of many grassroots martial artists, Luo Zheng had become a legendary figure.
Because Luo Zheng's identity as an ascender, it also meant that Luo Zheng didn't have much of a background in the Upper Realm. However, as a Spirit Sea Realm martial artist, many forces and Celestial Venerables were helpless against him. This in itself was a miracle!
Luo Zheng's anecdotes were also constantly being spread among grassroots martial artists. Among them, many exaggerated and even fabricated identities emerged.
"In the past few years, that guy has told many pleasant stories. For example, Su San killed the Snake Celestial, for example …" When the martial artist said this, his face was full of fascination, as if he himself was Luo Zheng.
When Ning Yudie heard the two words "Luo Zheng," her first reaction was that she had misheard. Her second reaction was that she thought it was someone with the same name.
After all, there were so many martial artists in the universe. It wasn't strange for them to have the same name.
However, when she heard about the Immortal Mansion, Ning Yudie was more certain in her heart. After Luo Zheng obtained the "Gen" token, he was indeed able to freely enter and exit the Immortal Mansion. However, although the Immortal Mansion was incomparably magical, could it kill Celestial Venerables?
In the past six years, Ning Yudie had also gone to the valley in the Eastern Region. However, she found that the exit had disappeared …
However, when she heard the story of "Su San killed the Snake Celestial," she was certain!
This was a story that had been passed down in the Eastern Region. Ning Yudie had also heard of it before. It was widely circulated in the Eastern Region.
Luo Zheng, with an Immortal Mansion, told the story of Su San killing the Snake Celestial …
When these pieces of information overlapped, she was almost 100% certain that Luo Zheng was her husband.
The Roaring Token!
At this moment, Ning Yudie recalled that one of the three treasures that Luo Zheng had received from his master was the Roaring Token.
However, at that time, even Luo Zheng himself wasn't clear about the use of the Roaring Token!
The woman in red saw that Ning Yudie's expression was becoming more and more complicated. She asked again, "Sister Die, what happened to you?"
Ning Yudie pursed her lips …
At this moment, a clamor came from the main hall in front of them.
All the martial artists stared at the huge pyramid.
"This Luo Zheng actually jumped from over 9,000 to 130!"
"What a powerful strength! I'm afraid this guy is going to reach the top!"
"Not necessarily. The higher he goes, the more difficult it will be. There are many geniuses in front of him. How can it be so easy to surpass them?"
The martial artist who spoke to Ning Yudie just now laughed and looked at the pyramid in front of them. He said, "It's that Luo Zheng. Previously, it was said that this guy was just lucky and inherited a magical Immortal Mansion. His strength and talent are a mess. Now, Luo Zheng is rising rapidly and has already reached 130. It's really surprising. I think this guy will be amazing if he can enter the top 10,000 …"
Luo Zheng's name …
Although the distance was not close, Ning Yudie could still see the densely packed names at the top of the pyramid.
At first, she had searched along the top of the pyramid, but she couldn't find Luo Zheng's name. Then she gave up.
Since the pyramid represented the ranking of all the Divine Sea Realm martial artists in the whole universe, and there were hundreds of millions of martial artists in the Illusory Battlefield, the possibility of finding Luo Zheng's name among them was not high.
Now, Ning Yudie glanced around and found Luo Zheng's name at the top of the pyramid. The two golden words Luo Zheng were slowly floating somewhere at the top of the pyramid …
"Didn't I hear that there are hundreds of millions of Divine Sea Realm martial artists in the Illusory Battlefield?" Ning Yudie suddenly asked, "With his ranking, he should be able to enter the Qingling Martial Hall to cultivate, right?"
"Pfft …" The martial artist couldn't help laughing. After looking up and down at Ning Yudie, he asked again, "You're an ascender?"
Ning Yudie nodded. Although she knew that there were hundreds of thousands of Great Realms in the Upper Realm, she didn't have a thorough understanding of them. She could see that the tenth-grade Qingling Sacred Ground was also a colossus!
The martial artist said, "No wonder. For someone like Luo Zheng, let alone the Qingling Sacred Ground, I'm afraid that even the famous Thirteen Palaces won't be able to accommodate him. It's said that after he ascended, he directly left the tenth-grade Holy Land and was brought to the Thirteen Palaces. Now that he has achieved such a ranking, I'm afraid he can already be considered a prodigy of our Human Alliance …"
"Is that so?" Ning Yudie's face revealed a trace of a smile.
When they were in the Central Domain, Ning Yudie had absolute confidence in her husband.
However, it was different in the Upper Realm where prodigies were everywhere. She didn't dare to have too much hope for Luo Zheng …
However, Ning Yudie never expected that Luo Zheng would have achieved so much in the past six years. The information she had just received was far beyond her imagination. It also far exceeded her expectations for Luo Zheng. At the same time, it also gave Ning Yudie the confidence to find Luo Zheng!
"Sister Die, why are you asking about the details? Do you know this person?" The woman in red beside her asked in confusion.
Ning Yudie smiled and looked at the pyramid. She said, "Did you forget what I told you? I ascended to find my husband."
The woman in red still had a strange expression on her face. "I know. So what?"
Ning Yudie said indifferently, "My husband ascended seven years ago. His name is Luo Zheng. If I'm not wrong, he's the person at the top of the pyramid!"