The red-clothed woman curled her lips. "Coincidence …"
This red-robed woman was a cultivator who ascended at about the same time as Ning Yudie, and the two of them could be considered fellow sufferers. Previously, when she heard that Ning Yudie ascended to the Immortal World to find her husband, she had advised Ning Yudie that the hope was too slim to even imagine and that it was better to give up.
Now that she suddenly heard this answer, how could she believe it?
The universe was so big, and there should be many cultivators with the same name.
However, she didn't know that Ning Yudie had completely confirmed Luo Zheng's identity.
Ning Yudie stared at the cultivator and said, "The story of Su San killing the Snake Immortal is a story that has been passed down in my Central Domain. Su San met the Snake Immortal in Bramble Mountain and fell in love with her. Later, the Snake Immortal's bestial nature couldn't be erased and caused harm to the world. In the end, Su San had no choice but to kill the Snake Immortal … This story should be like this, right?"
The cultivator suddenly nodded and looked at Ning Yudie with a look of trust!
The story of Su San killing the Snake Immortal was spread widely because of Luo Zheng's roar command. It was exactly the same as what the woman in front of him said.
And this story should be three or four years old.
This woman had just ascended, but she had heard of this story. At the very least, it showed that she and Luo Zheng did indeed come from the same lower realm.
This possibility …
In fact, Ning Yudie didn't want to prove anything to them.
She only knew that her husband was still alive, and she was already very satisfied to know where her husband was.
"This guy is still as unexpected as ever!" Ning Yudie looked at the countless names on the pyramid and thought.
As for the cultivator, after hearing these words, his heart was burning with passion.
This cultivator wasn't an ascender, and he didn't have any great background in the Jade Pure Holy Land. In order to earn a certain amount of compensation, he was arranged here to supply true essence to the dreamscape space.
It didn't matter if the woman in front of him was lying, but now it seemed that there was a fifty percent chance that it was true. If it was true, if he could help this woman … for a grassroots martial artist like him, it might be an opportunity!
Ning Yudie did not know what the martial artist in front of her was thinking. She thought for a moment and then asked, "But why did Luo Zheng use the Roaring Command to tell stories in the universe?"
"Heh, he wants to talk to a mysterious girl." The martial artist laughed. The conversation between Luo Zheng and the mysterious girl could be heard by all living beings in the universe, and this martial artist was no exception.
"Mysterious girl?" Ning Yudie's brows furrowed slightly as if it was a conditioned reflex.
The martial artist noticed Ning Yudie's expression and shrugged, "I don't know where that mysterious girl came from. The entire Huan Yu doesn't know her identity, but she did promise Luo Zheng to help him find his sister … in exchange, she told him to tell her a story." This matter was known by almost everyone in Huan Yu.
"His sister, Luo Yan?" Ning Yudie asked.
"Yes!" The martial artist's eyes suddenly lit up, and he became more certain in his heart, "It's this Luo Yan!"
"So they haven't found her yet …" Ning Yudie slightly lowered her head and said softly. Then she stared at the pyramid again.
She was interested in the pyramid at the top of the dreamscape space, so she looked down from above to observe the names on it.
These names were all Luo Zheng's competitors.
While she was observing, another sigh came from the other side of the hall …
"Luo Zheng's ranking actually rose by two places!"
Ning Yudie had a smile on her face. She swept past Luo Zheng's name and continued to look down, but not long after, she saw another familiar name.
Xi Youqin!
One hundred and sixty-fourth place!
When Ning Yudie saw this name, she was stunned again.
She actually had such strength?
Although Ning Yudie knew this girl's Extreme Violet Yin Body was very special, when she was in the Central Domain, Xi Youqin was only a Divine Core warrior, and without relying on her bloodline, her strength was a complete mess!
After that, this girl escaped into the Extreme Violet Realm.
How many years had it been?
She had already broken through to the Divine Sea realm? And she had such strength? She was almost the same as Luo Zheng?
How was this possible …
Ning Yudie couldn't accept this result.
But there were still some people in this world who had extraordinary talent.
Ning Yudie was indeed a genius with great talent, but compared to those Divine Sea geniuses from the Upper Realm, the gap was still very obvious.
But Xi Youqin was different.
Her First Grade Extreme Violet Yin Body was one of the supreme existences in the Extreme Violet Realm, and with the help of Old Man Wuding from the Wuding Tower, her cultivation and strength had improved at an incredible speed. With the ability of the First Grade Extreme Violet Yin Body, there were some abilities that others might not be able to cultivate in their lifetime, but for Xi Youqin, they were just a piece of cake!
Looking at Xi Youqin's ranking, Ning Yudie felt quite depressed. She couldn't help but sigh. How could this be …
… …
… …
After obtaining the reward from the third Karma Hall, Luo Zheng's ranking rose once again, but only by two places.
The reward from the third Karma Hall was only three million dreamy light spots, and everyone had one share. For Luo Zheng, the reward from the third Karma Hall was much less than the second Karma Hall. But, if the dreamy light spots from the Dugu Jian Xiaoxiao were considered as the reward, then it was still quite a lot …
After leaving the Karma Hall, the hooks in everyone's hands that were attached to the Laws of Heavenly Dao gradually disappeared.
It seemed that the hooks weren't allowed to be taken out of the Karma Hall. Otherwise, the Laws of Heavenly Dao contained in the hooks would have been of great help to everyone.
Regretfully, everyone continued to climb up the stairs.
Now, everyone was in the upper middle section of this majestic mountain. Standing on the stairs, they could enjoy the scenery outside the mountain.
Although this Karma Hall was constructed by the Heavenly Dao, everything was vivid and lifelike. Perhaps these scenes weren't illusions, but completely real existences. For the Heavenly Dao, this wasn't difficult.
At this moment, Luo Zheng took the lead, and Ji Nan, Jin Hai, Huan Ling, and the others followed closely behind.
After easily passing through the third Karma Hall, they were about to face the fourth Karma Hall, which was also the penultimate Karma Hall!
When Ji Nan first entered the Karma Hall, she was defeated in the fourth Karma Hall.
It could even be said that the penultimate Karma Hall had blocked almost 99% of the cultivators. It was really too difficult to pass through. Who knew what they would encounter in the fourth Karma Hall?
Soon after, everyone stood in front of the fourth Karma Hall …
The fourth Karma Hall was completely red, and there were faint flames swirling around it. Standing at the entrance of the hall, one could feel the scorching heat.
"So hot! So hot!" Azure Fiend cried out strangely.
"The rewards in the fourth Karma Hall are rich, but the difficulty cannot be underestimated. Everyone must be more careful!" Ji Nan lightly said.
"No matter how difficult it is, we can't give up now," Luo Zheng said.
At this moment, Luo Zheng's ranking was rapidly rising. Without hesitation, he took the lead and entered the Karma Hall. As for Ji Nan, Jin Hai, and the others, after sizing him up, they also followed closely behind.
The floor of the Karma Hall was covered with fine cracks. These cracks were only as thick as a finger, but within the cracks, there were streams of greenish-red magma that flowed. It looked like the blood vessels of a human body, and the greenish-red magma was equivalent to the blood of a human body.
Walking on the floor, one would also be roasted by the magma.
As for Ji Nan, Huan Ling, and the others, although they weren't injured, the heat was still unbearable. They all released their protective true essence and completely protected themselves.
Luo Zheng naturally didn't need this kind of protection. Ordinary flames couldn't harm him at all.
As the group continued to head deeper, the scenery of the Karma Hall kept on changing. It was as if they had walked into a huge volcanic cavern. They were no longer surrounded by the hall's walls but jagged, protruding rocks of irregular shapes. There was also a break in the path before them, and a lava lake appeared before them.
Looking at the tranquil magma lake, everyone stopped in their tracks one after another. Their eyes were filled with caution.