Previously, every time this group of cultivators entered the hall, everyone's gazes would be focused on Ji Nan.
After all, she was the only one who was familiar with the Karma Hall. Now, everyone understood that Luo Tianxing was their core!
Luo Zheng stared at the mountain-like giant and frowned for a long time. Everyone also stared at Luo Zheng, wanting to know what he planned to do next.
"What is this thing …" Luo Zheng rubbed his head and asked.
Ji Nan suddenly looked as if she was about to faint. This guy didn't know this lava giant at all …
As for Jin Hai, Huan Ling, and the others, they also showed helpless smiles.
Only Cang Mo didn't know what was going on. His bell-like eyes stared at the lava giant and said in a muffled voice, "This thing's strength is probably much greater than mine!"
"This is a life form of the Laws, a lava giant born from the Laws. It contains the Laws of Earth and the Laws of Fire. Such a huge lava giant can only be born from the Laws of Fire at the sixth level," Ji Nan said indifferently.
Life forms of the Laws weren't rare.
For example, Thunder Spirits were born from dense thunderbolts, and Flame Essences were formed from inextinguishable flames.
However, these were all relatively low-level life forms of the Laws.
High-level life forms of the Laws required a higher level of the Laws of Origin before they could be gradually cultivated.
For example, the golden wind blade in the giant storm that Luo Zheng encountered in the Chaotic Astral Ocean belonged to a relatively high-level life form of the Laws of Wind.
At this moment, everyone was looking for a way to pass through the lava lake.
Cang Mo moved his tall and sturdy body and walked two laps around the edge of the lava lake. Suddenly, he saw the surface of the lava lake fluctuate, spreading out fiery red ripples.
"What is this …" Cang Mo stared at the ripples, a strange look on his face.
"Gudong, gudong …"
At this moment, small lava bubbles appeared in the lava lake. After these lava bubbles burst, spiraling flames floated out. These flames danced in the air and then stopped spinning.
At this moment, everyone could clearly see that these balls of flames were actually small flame kittens about a foot long.
These little flaming kittens floating on the surface of the lake looked simple and docile. Their faint cat-like eyes glanced at everyone.
After floating for a while, they dived back into the magma lake. Magma bubbles kept bursting, and flaming kittens kept coming out of the bubbles …
"This little thing is quite cute." For some reason, Cang Mo stretched out a finger and waved it at the little flame cat.
"Meow …"
The small flame cat floating above the lava let out a low growl at Cang Mo. It slowly floated towards Cang Mo.
However, this little flame kitten's movement speed was extremely slow. Its four limbs glided clumsily in the air, and its speed was much slower than an ordinary person's walking speed.
However, just as the flaming kitten glided halfway, everyone heard a shrill meow!
"Meow!"
The originally docile flaming kitten suddenly swelled. In an instant, its entire body swelled to more than ten times its original size, and it pounced towards Cang Mo!
The flaming kitten originally gave off a docile and obedient feeling, but now it gave off a strong sense of oppression. The might of the Fire Laws contained within was so strong that it made it difficult for people to breathe normally. He felt as though a small sun had appeared behind him.
Cang Mo completely relied on his conditioned reflexes to turn and run. As he ran, there was a sizzling sound behind him.
The heat from the flaming kitten was transmitted to his armor. The armor on his back did not melt, but the heat was enough to burn his armor until it was boiling red!
"This flame … everyone, disperse!"
Everyone also realized that the flaming kitten was so powerful that they all retreated.
"Help!" Cang Mo also hurriedly called for help. The flaming kitten had been following Cang Mo all the way, and he could not shake it off. If the flaming kitten caught up to him, he would probably be reduced to ashes in an instant!
"Help him." Although Ji Nan and the others chose to retreat, it did not mean that they would abandon Cang Mo here.
"Whoosh whoosh whoosh!"
Jin Hai raised his hand and slapped out three icicles. Jin Hai's attainments in the Law of Ice were not low, but before the three icicles could touch the flaming kitten, they turned into a handful of water and were instantly evaporated by the powerful heat!
Seeing this scene, Luo Zheng frowned slightly. He suddenly erupted with Vital Essence, and after accelerating his body, he rushed over from the other side. With a slight tilt of his body, he raised his leg and kicked Cang Mo's back armor!
The power of Luo Zheng's kick was not weak. He directly kicked Cang Mo out of the Karma Hall!
After being kicked, Cang Mo's speed more than doubled. After he rushed out of the Karma Hall, the flaming kitten slowly floated back. It did not choose to attack Luo Zheng and the others, but instead jumped and merged into the magma again …
"This flaming kitten … should be the pure power of fire born from the seventh level of the Law of Fire." Huan Ling took a step back, stared at the flying kittens, and whispered, "In other words, the Law of Fire contained in this magma lake is probably not the sixth level, but at least the seventh!"
Among the cultivators present, only Huan Ling majored in the Law of Fire, and only she had the right to speak.
"The seventh level of the Law of Fire! No wonder these kittens gave me so much pressure. "Ji Nan had said that the two Source Laws contained in the Lava Giant should be around the sixth level. She had indeed underestimated it.
"Who cares what level it is? The problem is how do we pass through it now!" Cang Mo stared at the huge magma lake and asked.
There was no bridge or rope in this magma lake. It was a dead end …
The key point was that this was not ordinary magma. With the strength of a Divine Sea Realm cultivator, they could directly swim across ordinary volcanic magma. How could ordinary magma break through their Protective True Essence?
But now, the power of the Law of Fire contained in the magma lake was far from what they could resist.
This was also in line with the rules of the Karma Hall. Starting from the first Karma Hall, it was basically impossible to survive any danger. The only time was when Luo Zheng used the Little Skulls to flip over the square boulder. That was also because the Little Skulls behind Luo Zheng contained power that was almost comparable to the Law of Heavenly Dao. Therefore, they were able to resist and even compete with the Law of Heavenly Dao itself.
Standing at the edge of the magma lake, Luo Zheng retreated a few steps as he sensed the intense heat. His eyes constantly scanned the surroundings of the cave, trying to find the secret to passing through the magma lake … …
＝＝＝＝＝