There were many craggy stone pillars and stalagmites protruding from the stone walls on both sides of the cave.
However, they couldn't form a path. It was obviously unrealistic to climb along these stone walls …
After observing for a while, Luo Zheng's face revealed a gloomy expression.
The third Karma Hall was still okay. At least there would be some hints. For example, those long hooks placed on the side in advance could at least let people understand a thing or two.
However, the fourth Karma Hall didn't have any hints. It just threw out a lava lake that was a hopeless place for Divine Sea Realm warriors. How could they pass through?
In the end, Luo Zheng's gaze fell on the huge lava giant.
There were countless cracks on the lava giant's huge body. From those cracks, one could faintly see flames spurting out.
Seeing this lava giant, Luo Zheng suddenly had an idea …
"Maybe the path through this lava lake is on this lava giant's body," Luo Zheng said indifferently.
Ji Nan smiled, "What a coincidence. I also thought of that."
On one side of the lava lake, there was a lava giant the size of a mountain. A few hundred feet away, there was another lava giant. These lava giants were arranged in a straight line. It was reasonable to see these lava giants as bridges to pass through the lava lake.
"But how do we persuade these guys to send us over?" Jin Hai asked while staring at the lava giant after hearing the conversation between the two.
The two's idea was indeed too crazy. However, under everyone's observation, the more they looked at it, the more it seemed to be the case …
"Attract that guy's attention and lead it here!" At this point, Luo Zheng's eyes flashed. He had already taken the dark golden longbow in his hand. Then, he took out a long black arrow from his quiver and nocked it on the bowstring.
No one stopped Luo Zheng's actions. However, their expressions became serious. It was not a good idea to annoy this big guy. However, if they didn't take the risk, their trip to the Karma Hall would end here.
"Buzz …"
As Luo Zheng's bowstring made a sound, the black arrow left the bowstring and flew toward the lava giant!
"Sou!"
When the black light flew halfway, it once again released an explosive sound midway. It had undergone a second acceleration. Its speed was even faster and its power was even greater!
"Bang …"
After a short while, the black light exploded on the Lava Giant's chest! It was impossible for Luo Zheng to miss even if he wanted to …
At this moment, everyone, including Luo Zheng, held their breaths and stared motionlessly at the Lava Giant. If anything went wrong, everyone would run away. The remaining seven people had earned 5 million fantasy points from this trip to the Karma Hall. If they died here, their losses would be even greater.
However …
After a few breaths of time, the giant monster was still slowly rotating. Although Luo Zheng's arrow had caused quite a commotion, it didn't cause any damage to the Lava Giant. It simply ignored Luo Zheng's attack!
"It's useless," Luo Zheng curled his lips and turned his head to look at Phantom.
The bow in Phantom's hand was a Sovereign artifact. Its power couldn't be compared to the one in Luo Zheng's hand. Now, he could only pin his hopes on her.
She understood Luo Zheng's gaze. Before Luo Zheng could speak, she had already taken out the Moonbreak Bursting Flame Bow and aimed at the Lava Giant not far away.
Pull the bowstring, draw the bow …
Soon after, a rotating flame condensed in front of the bow.
"Pop!"
It was accompanied by the sound of the bowstring vibrating.
This intense flame also shot towards the Lava Giant ….
"Rumble …"
After the flame exploded, it spread out on the surface of the Lava Giant and burned fiercely.
The Moonbreak Bursting Flame Bow activated the Profound Meaning of Flame Burst, continuously bursting out balls of powerful flames …
However, this Lava Giant was originally a high-level Law Being born from the Laws of Fire and the Laws of Earth. These flames were absolutely fatal to other life forms, but they couldn't pose the slightest threat to this Lava Giant.
The Lava Giant was even constantly absorbing the flames. However, after the flames exploded, they spread along the cracks on the surface of the Lava Giant's body. Soon after, all the flames were absorbed by the Lava Giant.
"It's useless," Phantom shook her head and frowned slightly.
However, at this moment, everyone suddenly saw a large stone flying over their heads and smashing toward the Lava Giant!
Turning their heads, they saw Azure Demon maintaining his throwing posture. Azure Demon chuckled, "I also want to try …"
However, the Azure Devil found a three foot wide rock from who knows where and threw it out.
"This rock of yours is just a small pebble to the Lava Giant. What use can it have?" Jin Hai said disdainfully. Previously, Jin Hai had threatened to kill Azure Demon. Along the way, he didn't like Azure Demon. Firstly, Azure Demon was a Demon Race cultivator. Secondly, Jin Hai felt that Azure Demon was useless …
Azure Demon only smiled foolishly and pointed at the stone, saying, "It hit!"
"Bang …"
Everyone looked back and saw the large stone smash into the Lava Giant's shoulder and instantly shatter into pieces.
Just as Jin Hai said, such a large stone was just a small stone to the Lava Giant's mountainous body. What threat could it pose to the Lava Giant?
Jin Hai snorted disdainfully. Just as he was about to mock Azure Demon, the Lava Giant's body trembled slightly and it began to move.
"It can't be, it wants to chase me again? I was just joining in on the fun … "
Upon seeing this scene, Azure Demon was stunned. He did not expect that he could really trigger the Lava Giant. It was just an ordinary rock thrown over. Why was it chasing after him?
Luo Zheng, Jin Hai, Ji Nan, and the others all had baffled expressions on their faces …
Just now, Luo Zheng and Phantom's attacks had no effect on the Lava Giant. The Lava Giant was like an inanimate object, motionless. Perhaps in the eyes of the Lava Giant, Luo Zheng and the others were just mosquitoes, not enough to cause it any harm, so it didn't pay any attention to them.
But why did Azure Demon's stone have such an effect?
"Azure Demon, where did you get that stone from … where is he?" Ji Nan turned around and only saw Azure Demon's back. This Demon Race cultivator had already fled, rushing out of the Karma Hall. Obviously, he was afraid of the Lava Giant's pursuit!
Jin Hai snorted, "This guy was born in the wrong body!"
Although the Demon Race cultivators were not favored among the many races in the universe, this race had always been brave and good at fighting. They would even risk their lives to win. This was the greatest advantage of the Demon Race.
It was rare to see a Demon Race cultivator like Azure Demon running away at the slightest movement …
"Look, this Lava Giant shouldn't have been alarmed by Azure Demon's stone," Phantom suddenly said.
Everyone looked over and saw a large number of flame kittens floating above the magma in front of the Lava Giant. At this moment, the Lava Giant twisted its body and stretched out its giant hand to grab those flame kittens!
"Meow! Meow … "
Although these flame kittens were extremely agile, under the cover of the Lava Giant's huge palm, it was difficult for them to escape. Only a few flame kittens managed to escape, but even more flame kittens were firmly bound in the Lava Giant's hand.
After the Lava Giant caught a large number of flame kittens in its hand, it stuffed them into its magma-formed mouth.
"Boom, boom, boom …"
Under the Lava Giant's chewing, the little flame kittens let out mournful cries and exploded into balls of flames that danced wildly in the Lava Giant's mouth. Although the little flame kittens weren't very big, the power they erupted with before they died made everyone secretly shocked.
After seeing this scene, Ji Nan's pretty eyes flashed, "I understand, these flame kittens should be the Lava Giant's food! It feeds on these little things! "
"In other words, if we want to attract the Lava Giant's attention, we can only rely on these flame kittens …" Luo Zheng said lightly.