These flaming kittens did not look big, but since they were creatures born in this magma lake, they were also extremely terrifying creatures of the laws.
Otherwise, they would not be qualified to be the Lava Giant's food!
It could even be said that these flaming kittens were originally the Lava Giant's companion, but it was unknown why they had taken the shape of a cat.
Luo Zheng said that it was a good idea to use these flaming kittens to attract the Lava Giant's attention.
The problem was that these flaming kittens were definitely not to be trifled with …
In the magma not far away, a ripple was transmitted, and a magma bubble emerged. After it burst open, a flaming kitten emerged. The flaming kitten meowed and looked very cute.
Luo Zheng and the others stared at the flaming kitten.
Capturing the flaming kitten first and then attracting the Lava Giant was indeed very difficult.
But this was the fourth Karma Hall, after all, so it was normal for it to be so difficult.
"I can try, but I can't guarantee success," Ji Nan said indifferently as she stared at the flaming kitten. Then, with a flip of her hand, a piece of sacred wood appeared in her hand.
She mainly cultivated the Law of Wood, but she also dabbled in the Law of Ice …
The small piece of sacred wood kept twisting and growing crazily, and a layer of frost gradually appeared on its branches. Finally, the branches intertwined to form a small cage.
"The Builder Wood is omnipotent. It can melt fire and ice …"
Ji Nan did not bring the Ji Family's Supreme Artifact into the Illusory Battlefield this time.
It was not that the Ji Family did not have it, but Ji Nan did not need it.
There was a piece of wood in her body, and this piece of wood was her weapon. It was an existence comparable to a Supreme Artifact.
This piece of wood was called the Builder Wood.
It had the shape of an ox, and its skin was like a tassel, like a yellow snake.
Its leaves were like a luo, but it was actually like a luan.
Its wood was like a luan, and it was called the "Builder Wood".
According to legend, the Builder Wood was born in the Divine Territory. It was hundreds of meters tall and had the fate of all gods!
This piece of Builder Wood had been in her body since she was born. The Ji Family originally wanted to take it out. After all, this item was extraordinary. Even for the Ji Family, it was a rare sacred item. If it was forged with this piece of wood, it would be enough to create a Supreme Divine Weapon that was ranked in the top 500.
However, when the Ji Family tried to extract the Creation Wood from Ji Nan's body, they realized that Ji Nan seemed to have a special connection with the wood.
This Builder Tree had a spirit and refused to leave Ji Nan. When the Ji family forcibly extracted it, there was a natural phenomenon that day. A twelve-colored dragon-shaped lightning bolt streaked across the sky and shattered the entire Ji family's mourning hall …
Under such a phenomenon, the Ji family gave up on extracting the Builder Wood from Ji Nan's body …
As Ji Nan grew up, so did the Builder Tree. It had become a weapon that she could not part with.
As for why the Builder Tree was born in Ji Nan's body and why it would cause such a phenomenon when it was forcefully extracted, the Ji family had always kept these matters a secret. Even Ji Nan herself did not know what was involved in this matter.
"Using ice to counter fire, I can try to trap that little flame cat inside! But … who's going to lure that little flame cat over? "Ji Nan asked.
At this moment, Azure Demon, who had been hiding outside the hall for quite some time, had returned. Everyone's gazes gathered on him …
"Me? I'm not going! "Cang Mo's huge head shook like a rattle-drum.
Jin Hai looked disdainfully at Cang Mo before saying, "Let me go!"
"I'll do it." Luo Zheng stepped forward.
Although the fire laws in the Karma Hall were extraordinary, Luo Zheng had a divine artifact body after all. Although Luo Zheng was not sure if he could withstand the burning flames, he still had a considerable advantage compared to Jin Hai and the others.
Luo Zheng was the core of their team. Now that he had stepped forward, Jin Hai did not have any objections.
Next, everyone retreated a distance of about ten feet. Ji Nan waved her slender fingers and the Builder Tree fell to the ground. The Frost Cage woven from the branches and leaves of the Builder Tree was emitting a biting cold air, causing the temperature within a radius of ten feet to drop by a lot.
After the ice cage was set up, Ji Nan and the others retreated to the side.
Luo Zheng strolled toward the edge of the magma lake. As he walked, he lightly kicked the ground with the tip of his foot, and a piece of gravel on the ground flew high into the air and landed in Luo Zheng's hand. He held the small stone and stared straight ahead.
The bottom of the magma lake was probably covered with these little flame kittens.
As the magma bubbles exploded one by one, these nimble little spirits could be seen emerging from the magma. After playing around for a while, they dived back into the magma.
"Pop!"
Not far to the side of Luo Zheng, another small magma bubble exploded, and a little flame kitten emerged from it.
"Meow …"
The little kitten stretched its body, and its fur made of flames danced continuously. This cute little guy was actually an extremely fierce creature!
"Swish!"
Luo Zheng's fingers trembled slightly, and the gravel in his hand shot toward the little flame kitten!
The gravel had just gotten close to the little flame kitten when it was melted halfway. However, this gravel had already attracted the little flame kitten's attention.
At this moment, everyone held their breaths and stared at the distant Luo Zheng.
Ji Nan pursed her lips. Although the Builder Wood was a divine tool, her current cultivation was limited. She did not know if the ice cage formed by the Builder Wood could restrain it.
"Meow …"
The little flame kitten let out a soft cry. Its cat eyes glanced indifferently at Luo Zheng, and with a tumble above the magma, it sank into the magma!
"This …"
Luo Zheng's face revealed an expression as if he had seen a ghost.
As for Cang Mo, he wanted to express that he had seen a ghost even more! How could there be such a huge gap between martial artists? Cang Mo had not intended to provoke the little flame kitten, but the little flame kitten had pursued him relentlessly. However, the little flame kitten in front of him was extremely docile and did not even bother to pay attention to Luo Zheng.
It seemed that not only were these creatures of law intelligent, but they also had their own personalities …
The first one had failed, so they could only look for the next one.
Fortunately, there were many of these little flame kittens. Not long after, another little flame kitten floated up from the magma.
This time, Luo Zheng did not show any mercy. As he circulated the Primal Chaos Qi in his body, three sharp icicles condensed in his hand. With a flip of his hand, the three icicles shot towards the little flame kitten!
"Whoosh whoosh whoosh!"
The three icicles shot out, instantly alerting the little flame kitten.
It rolled, and the flame fur all over its body rose sharply. At the same time, it let out a shrill cry.
"Meow!"
Although Luo Zheng did not major in the Law of Ice, he cultivated all of his origin laws at the same time. Even if the icicles driven by the Primal Chaos Qi did not contain other profundities, their power was definitely not ordinary!
However, the little flame kitten did not dodge and directly crashed into the seemingly soft body …
Before the icicles could pierce into the flaming kitten's body, they turned into water vapor in the air and dissipated in the dry cave in the blink of an eye!
The little flame kitten's temper was clearly very irritable. After the icicles dissipated, the little flame kitten's momentum did not weaken in the slightest. The flames on its body burned brighter and brighter as it rushed towards the culprit, Luo Zheng!
"Retreat!"
Because he had already made arrangements, Luo Zheng calmly began to retreat in an orderly manner.
After the little flame kitten rushed ashore, it rapidly grew from the size of an ordinary kitten to the size of a leopard. How was this a fire kitten? It was a fire leopard!
Seeing this scene in the distance, Ji Nan raised her eyebrows slightly and waved her finger. The Builder Wood on the ground began to sway and the Builder Wood began to grow again. The Frost Cage she condensed with the Builder Wood was too small. Seeing the size of the flame kitten skyrocketing, she quickly adjusted the size of the Frost Cage.
"Meow!"
The little flame kitten chased Luo Zheng all the way from behind.
The speed of the man and the kitten was extremely fast!
The distance of ten zhang was covered in an instant. Luo Zheng's figure quickly swept past the Frost Cage formed by the Builder Wood!
"Now!"