The ice cage formed by the Builder Wood opened, and like a monster opening its mouth, it enveloped the flaming kitten!
Luo Zheng also turned around abruptly!
Everyone stared at the ice cage nervously.
"Meow!"
The flaming kitten let out a shrill cry and struggled in the cage, trying to break free!
At this moment, Ji Nan's expression was extremely solemn.
The Builder Wood had merged with her. She constantly urged the Builder Wood to seal the kitten, and at the same time, she had to supply her true essence to turn it into ice in order to weaken the power of the Law of Fire on the flaming kitten …
The Five Elements promoted and restrained each other, and fire restrained wood. However, the Builder Wood was extremely special and did not fear fire.
However, this flaming kitten was a lifeform of the Law born in this magma. It was also extremely fierce, and with Ji Nan's strength, it was extremely difficult to imprison it.
"Meow!"
Under the flaming kitten's attack, the ice cage constantly changed shape. However, the Builder Wood was still the Builder Wood, the legendary Divine Wood of Heaven and Earth. Although only a section was taken, its toughness also contained divine power. No matter how the cage changed shape, it would not break!
However, the pressure it brought to Ji Nan was also increasing. At this moment, there was no trace of blood on her face. It was completely pale, giving her a strange sense of beauty.
However, the flaming kitten was still abnormally fierce, and the extent of its struggle was also increasing!
With a flip of her hand, Ji Nan took out a piece of Zhen Yuanyu, crushed it, and quickly absorbed it. In a short period of time, most of the true essence in her body had been consumed.
The amount of True Essence required to restrain this little flame kitten was even more than the amount of True Essence required to fight a large battle.
Seeing this, Luo Zheng stretched out his hand and waved it. The chaotic energy in his body was drawn out, and from his hand, a vigorous cold energy spread out and sprayed towards the flaming kitten in the cage!
In addition to Luo Zheng, the warriors who had mainly cultivated the Law of Ice also did the same, assisting Ji Nan in subduing the flaming kitten …
"Huff … huff …"
Under the constant suppression of the cold air by the crowd, the fire kitten's movements became smaller and smaller. Its originally shrill cries gradually became softer and softer. The flames on its body were also dissipating at a visible rate. The fur that was formed by the flames also dimmed.
Not long after, the flaming kitten finally stopped struggling and lay down obediently in the ice cage.
"Shh …"
Ji Nan let out a deep breath and reached out to wipe the sweat off her forehead. Imprisoning this little flame kitten was still too difficult for her. If it weren't for the other martial artists suppressing it together, she was afraid that even the Builder Wood's cage would have been broken by it!
"You really caught that thing. You are all crazy." In the distance, Azure Demon stared blankly at the little flame cat in the ice cage. He seemed to be scared out of his wits. While everyone was suppressing the little flame cat, he was hiding far away.
However, Azure Demon was a Body Refinement Martial Artist. He originally could not help much.
Ji Nan slowly walked to the side of the ice cage. She stood a little closer as her pretty eyes stared at the little flame kitten.
At this moment, the little flame kitten looked like it was on the verge of death. Its cat eyes looked very pitiful.
"This little guy is really pitiful." Ji Nan shook her head. She could not bear to see it like this.
"This Illusory Battlefield was originally constructed directly by the Heavenly Dao. Everything in it is just a projection of the Heavenly Dao. Everything here is just an illusion. When the Illusory Battlefield dissipates, it will naturally dissipate as well. It is not pitiful," Jin Hai retorted.
His argument was reasonable. The Illusory Battlefield and the Illusory Space worked on the same principle. These creatures might not be real.
"Meow …"
At this moment, the little flame kitten meowed weakly again.
How could Ji Nan not understand this principle? However, women were more compassionate after all.
If they wanted to pass through this magma lake, they could only wrong this little guy.
"The next step is to use this little flame kitten to lure the Lava Giant over." Luo Zheng asked, "But how do we send this cat over?"
The Lava Giant was a distance away from them. If they directly threw the cat over for the Lava Giant to eat, it would be meaningless. The key was to lure the Lava Giant over.
In fact, they had caught the little flame kitten. However, they were not sure if it would really be effective. What they were doing now was just a test to pass through this magma lake.
"This, leave it to me." Ji Nan stared at the little kitten with a complicated expression. She reached out and grabbed the end of the Creation Wood. She lifted the ice cage and said emotionally, "Little kitten, I just want to borrow you. If you can't lure the Lava Giant over, I will definitely put you back into this magma lake …"
After saying that, Ji Nan reached out and shook her hand gently!
This Creation Wood was in line with her thoughts. It could be long or short.
She grabbed the end of the Creation Wood. The middle section began to extend rapidly. Hanging on the ice cage, it stretched out and extended into the distance!
One thousand feet …
Two thousand feet …
Three thousand feet …
Four thousand feet …
Five thousand feet …
The ice cage imprisoning the little flame kitten was getting closer and closer to the Lava Giant.
Ji Nan was like flying a kite. Holding the Creation Wood in her hand, she lifted the ice cage higher and higher. Finally, it reached the front of the Lava Giant.
However, the ice cage kept shaking in front of the Lava Giant, but the Lava Giant turned a blind eye to it!
Seeing this scene, the faces of Luo Zheng and the others sank slightly.
If they couldn't lure the Lava Giant, they really didn't have a good way to pass through this magma lake.
"Shake again …"
Ji Nan's hand shook slightly. This shake was transmitted to the ice cage at the top of the Creation Wood. The ice cage swayed left and right.
"Meow." At this moment, the little flame kitten let out a soft cry.
"Boom …"
Just as the little flame kitten let out a cry, the mountain-like Lava Giant opened its eyes made of stone.
When it saw the little flame kitten in front of it, it suddenly opened its huge mouth and bit the little flame kitten!
"Withdraw!"
"Whoosh!"
Ji Nan secretly swore in her heart that she would not let the little flame kitten be swallowed by the Lava Giant. With a light shake of her wrist, the Creation Wood began to quickly retract.
"Woo …"
The Lava Giant's huge body slowly turned around and let out a strange cry!
It waved its huge arm and grabbed at the ice cage that was retracting along with the Builder Tree. However, Ji Nan's Builder Tree was retracting at an extremely fast speed, and the lava giant grabbed nothing but air!
"Woo … Woo …"
The Lava Giant let out a low roar. It lifted one of its legs and took a step forward!
"Boom …"
A series of heavy footsteps could be heard, and the entire cavern shook!
The moment the Lava Giant lifted its leg, the magma gathered under its feet and formed a whirlpool. When it took a step forward, the magma was pushed aside, forming circles of magma waves that suddenly spread out.
This magma was different from ordinary magma. The magma in the mouth of an ordinary volcano was a dark red magma formed after sand and stones were burned and melted. It was more viscous.
But in this magma lake, the Earth and Fire Laws contained in the burning and melting sand and stones had reached the pinnacle. This red magma was like clear water and was not viscous. Therefore, the magma waves spread at an extremely fast speed!
"Retreat!"
Seeing this scene, Luo Zheng and the others began to quickly retreat.
No one was willing to be covered by the magma waves. Even Luo Zheng was very vigilant.
If this magma could temper his body and bring him closer to the next level, it would be fine. But in this situation, he would not rashly accept the baptism of the flames!
"Whoosh whoosh …"
Luo Zheng, Jin Hai, and the others began to rapidly retreat. Ji Nan was naturally no exception. She took back the little flame kitten and also retreated.
However, the Lava Giant's body was huge. It seemed to move very slowly, but in fact, its movement speed was absolutely not low. It took two steps and covered a distance of ten thousand feet.
At the same time, its huge arm swung several hundred feet and directly smashed towards the little flame kitten in the ice cage!
＝＝＝＝＝