This lava giant's fist was the size of a palace.
Even Cang Mo, who was ten feet tall, was incomparably tiny in comparison to this enormous fist!
The lava giant's fist contained a strength that gave off an intense oppressive feeling. Perhaps as long as one was lightly pressed against by this fist they would be crushed to pieces. Even Luo Zheng's divine artifact body was no exception!
This sort of high level life form of the Laws was enough to contend with a Divine Transformation realm martial artist or even a World Master …
For it to be placed in the fourth Karma Hall proved just how terrifyingly difficult it was.
But it was also because of this that everyone wanted to conquer this fourth Karma Hall even more. With such difficulty, the rewards for passing through it would likely be extraordinary!
Everyone's only hope of passing through this Karma Hall was that this lava giant's intelligence was relatively low. If this lava giant had the intelligence of a normal adult, then let alone the seven of them, even if there were 70 or 700 of them they still wouldn't be able to pass through this Karma Hall.
Even so, their actions were crazy and risky to the extreme!
Riches and honor were sought in the midst of danger. After all, there was no true death in the Dream Battlefield. This could be considered a great gamble!
Bang, rumble rumble …
As this fist came crashing down, the ground seemed to cause a magnitude 10 earthquake, as if it were surging in waves!
It wasn't just the ground that shook. The entire cave, the entire Karma Hall, and even the entire mountain began to shake …
"What a formidable strength. Even if I fully open my dragon scales, I fear I will still be far inferior to this lava giant …"
Luo Zheng's confidence in his own strength came from Qinglong. But, he still hadn't fully opened the strength of his dragon scales. Moreover, the lava giant in the Karma Hall was able to contend with a World Master, and its pure strength far surpassed a World Master.
It was also because of the constraints of the Heavenly Dao rules that although the cave was violently shaking, it didn't collapse.
As for the flame kitten, at the critical moment, Ji Nan suddenly pulled the Creation Wood back to her side. She placed one hand on top of the ice cage. She could feel the flame kitten trembling in her cage!
Without any hesitation, Ji Nan rapidly retreated. Her feet crisscrossed as she retreated, her soft waist twisting like a snake. Her toes flashed with a green light. After this light flashed, green grass began to rapidly grow, leaving behind a bright green path on the ground.
This was the Ji Family's unique "Spirit Deer Erratic Steps"!
However, the group wasn't trying to avoid the Lava Giant. They had spent so much effort to lure the Lava Giant over. Their goal was to use the Lava Giant to pass through the lava lake.
"Go, you only have one chance. Jump up along its arm!"
Whether it was Jin Hai, Phantom, or the others, they couldn't help but feel timid and slightly hesitant in their hearts.
However, Luo Zheng roared and took the lead. His body drew an arc in the air as he climbed onto the arm of the lava giant!
As soon as Luo Zheng stood on the Lava Giant's arm, he felt a strong burning sensation coming from his feet. However, the Lava Giant's flames were hidden inside its body, so they wouldn't cause any harm to Luo Zheng.
Following closely behind, Phantom, Jin Hai, Ji Nan, and the other two warriors protected their bodies with True Essence and jumped onto the top of the fist. Then, they increased their speed and rushed up the arm!
"Hey … hey … you guys, wait for me!"
Cang Mo was staring at the huge fist in a daze. Seeing that there was no one around him, he recovered from his daze and realized that if he didn't keep up, he would be abandoned here. The Vital Essence in his body suddenly erupted at this moment. How could his huge body slow down in the slightest?
In fact, Cang Mo's strength wasn't bad. Otherwise, he wouldn't have been able to accumulate five million fantasy points. However, compared to Luo Zheng, Ji Nan, Jin Hai, and Phantom, he was slightly weaker.
Under the eruption of his Vital Essence, his speed increased sharply. In the blink of an eye, he rushed behind Jin Hai …
These seven people were like seven small ants, running on the Lava Giant's body!
"Ji Nan! Give me that Frost Cage! " Luo Zheng's figure flashed, and he leaned on Ji Nan's side. He reached out to grab the Frost Cage.
Although everyone climbed onto the Lava Giant's body, the Lava Giant didn't have much interest in external objects. Even when Luo Zheng shot at it with his longbow, the Lava Giant didn't respond. Its only target was the flaming kitten. Luo Zheng wanted to take the initiative to take on the heavy responsibility of seducing the Lava Giant.
Unexpectedly, just as Luo Zheng reached out his hand, Ji Nan took back the Frost Cage. "Let me do it. Only I can control this Jianmu. Don't worry … I can handle it!" She turned her face sideways and smiled at Luo Zheng.
"Then you … be careful!" As soon as Luo Zheng finished speaking, he heard the Lava Giant make a low growl again. The Lava Giant raised its other arm, which was its left hand, and slapped toward the right shoulder!
Seeing the Lava Giant's left hand suddenly slapping toward them, the seven people's speed became even faster toward the Lava Giant's shoulder!
At first, everyone was running on the Lava Giant's arm, which was equivalent to running on a very gentle "hillside". Because of the Lava Giant's previous punch, its huge right arm was almost flat. However, as the Lava Giant slowly stood up, its arm also gradually became vertical. The angle of the "hillside" suddenly increased, almost becoming a vertical 90-degree cliff. Below the cliff was the irresistible lava!
"Whoosh whoosh whoosh …"
Fortunately, the Lava Giant's body wasn't smooth. Even on its right arm, there were countless protrusions. Everyone stepped on those protrusions and continued to jump!
The Lava Giant's huge left hand slapped toward Ji Nan. The range of this huge palm was enough to cover the seven people together.
"Jump!"
Ji Nan lifted the Frost Cage and let out a shout. Her nimble figure abruptly rose to a height of ten zhang and leaped onto the Lava Giant's shoulder!
Then, Luo Zheng, Huan Ling, Jin Hai, and the others …
"Jump!"
The last one, Cang Mo, also roared. Two balls of black vital essence suddenly burst out from under his feet, and he almost flew into the air!
However, it was impossible to fly in the Karma Hall. He only used the impact of the explosion of vital essence to throw his burly body high up into the air. In the end, he fell head first onto the Lava Giant's broad shoulder!
"Plop …"
Cang Mo's head fell into a crack on the Lava Giant's shoulder. When his head entered, it was burned by the flames in the crack. He howled in pain and quickly pulled his head out of the crack. A large portion of his brown whip-like hair was already charred!
"Boom!"
At the same time, the Lava Giant's left hand slapped the top of its right arm. Under this huge force, countless stone chips fell from its right arm. Some of the stone chips were squeezed by the huge force and shot out like hidden weapons, making sharp whistling sounds in the air …
"Drip drip drip …"
Most of the stone chips fell into the lava below!
"Go, let's continue forward!"
At this moment, the group did not stop. Their plan was to use the Lava Giant as a bridge to help them cross the lava lake.
The Lava Giant's slap did not hit Ji Nan. Its huge head twisted, opened its mouth, and bit at the group on its shoulder. It wanted to swallow them all in one bite. Or rather, it only wanted to swallow one target, and that was the flaming kitten in Ji Nan's hand!
"Ao …"
The Lava Giant opened its mouth, which was hundreds of feet wide and high. It was a bottomless giant cave. Looking inside the mouth, they could see the light of the fire refracting from the Lava Giant's throat. The Lava Giant's stomach must be filled with lava and flames!
"Everyone, jump up again. Don't be swallowed by it!"
Seeing that the big mouth was about to swallow them, Luo Zheng took the lead and jumped up onto the Lava Giant's head.
As for Ji Nan, she stuck the end of the Builder Wood in her hand into the ground. The Builder Wood began to grow rapidly, and its whole body began to elongate rapidly.