"Meow …"
The flame kitten whimpered pitifully in the ice cage.
"Don't be afraid, this big guy can't eat you!"
Ji Nan stood on the head of the lava giant and even took the time to comfort the flame kitten!
"Whoosh, whoosh …"
Soon, Phantom and Jin Hai also jumped on the head of the lava giant.
"Don't eat me!"
Cang Mo roared. He also flipped over and jumped towards the Lava Giant's head.
At this moment, the lava giant suddenly roared, and a strong suction force burst out from its big mouth!
There were two warriors on its shoulder, one from the Night Clan, Dark Thoughts, and the other from the Human Clan, Li Ran …
Before they could jump, they were pulled toward the mouth by the powerful suction force!
"Ah ah ah …"
The Human Clan warrior, Li Ran, tried his best to jump but was unable to escape the suction force. He let out a series of frightened cries as his whole body was pulled into the lava giant's throat.
As for the Night Clan warrior, Dark Thoughts, he didn't jump high at this moment. Instead, he rolled on the lava giant's shoulder and rolled under the lava giant's head, where the neck was, avoiding this disaster!
"Another one has fallen!"
When they entered the fourth Karma Hall, they still had seven people, but now they had lost another one, leaving only six people!
As Ji Nan said, the more people there were in the Karma Hall, the better. Only by cooperating with each other could they increase their chances of passing, but death was unavoidable.
The Night Clan warrior vigilantly rolled onto the lava giant's neck and quickly climbed up from the left side of the lava giant's face, joining Luo Zheng and the others.
"Wu …"
The lava giant twisted its head, but the terrain above its head was open. Even if it was slanted, it was difficult to get the warriors on top of it down.
"What do we do now …" Cang Mo asked hurriedly.
The terrain above the lava giant's head was open, but it was definitely not a place where one could sit back and relax. Its arms had already begun to wave, and it was likely that its two giant hands were about to slap down on the top of its head.
Luo Zheng looked into the distance, his mind spinning rapidly …
There was more than one Lava Giant in the lava lake. From this angle, there were more than ten Lava Giants scattered side by side in the lava lake.
According to Luo Zheng's previous plan, he would use the flaming kitten to lure the Lava Giants over one by one. Then, he would treat them as a bridge, and everyone would cross the bridge …
But now, it seemed that this plan was still too difficult.
If it wasn't careful, it would be swatted to death by the Lava Giant like a mosquito!
"Let's go. The giant is coming," Phantom said softly, staring at the trajectory of the giant's arm.
Although the Lava Giant's movements were slow, that was only from a large-scale observation, but its absolute speed was definitely not slow. Just like how the Lava Giant's running speed seemed very slow, but with the speed of Luo Zheng and the others, it was absolutely impossible for them to outrun it. If they really waited for the Lava Giant's two giant hands to reach them, it would be too late for them to dodge.
"Throw this little flame kitten … out!"
At this moment, Luo Zheng's eyes suddenly flashed with a bright light!
"What?" Ji Nan didn't understand.
"Extend the Builder Tree … Extend it as far as possible and throw it out like fishing!" Luo Zheng didn't explain. He didn't know whether his idea was useful or not, but right now, they had to take it one step at a time.
Ji Nan nodded, and the Builder Tree in her hand suddenly extended, pushing the Frost Cage at the top of the Builder Tree out.
Seeing this, Jin Hai was the first to understand …
The Lava Giant's intelligence was low. Ji Nan's extension of the Builder Tree was equivalent to throwing the little flame kitten in front of the Lava Giant!
The Lava Giant originally wanted to reach out and grab the little flame kitten, but when it saw the little flame kitten suddenly appear in front of it, it changed the direction of its arms and tried to grab the kitten …
"Make it a little longer!"
"Okay!"
It wasn't difficult to understand. At this moment, Ji Nan also knew Luo Zheng's plan.
In order to make the donkey hurry, the coachman hung a carrot in front of the donkey. The donkey wanted to eat the carrot, but it couldn't bite it in the end. So, the donkey chased all the way forward, pulling the carriage forward.
This was a very ancient method.
Although the Lava Giant was powerful and undefeatable, the key point was that its intelligence wasn't high. Perhaps this method would be effective?
"Bang!"
The Lava Giant clapped its hands together, but it couldn't catch the little flame kitten in front of it. Ji Nan raised the Builder Tree in her hand high, as if she was raising a fishing rod. At this moment, the Builder Tree had already extended six to seven hundred feet, hanging far in front of the Lava Giant. In the end, this distance was longer than the Lava Giant's hands. No matter how it stretched out its hands, it wasn't long enough to catch the little flame kitten!
"Wu wu …"
The Lava Giant didn't know how to pull the thin Builder Tree. It reached out and tried to catch the little flame kitten, but it found that its arms weren't long enough, so it took a step forward.
"Dong …"
When the Lava Giant took a step forward, Luo Zheng, Huan Ling, Jin Hai, and the others looked at each other with joy on their faces.
He had actually succeeded by accident!
"This guy … is really stupid," Ji Nan said with a smile. She held the slender Builder Tree tightly in her hand and stared at the pitiful little flame kitten hanging in the air in the distance. She said with a smile, "I can only wrong you for now!"
"Meow!"
The little flame kitten was terrified. It could only see the Lava Giant walking towards it, but it couldn't close the distance between the two.
"Dong, dong, dong …"
The Lava Giant took a step forward in the magma lake. With every step it took, the magma would set off waves. Deep in the magma lake, everyone felt the temperature rise sharply!
Everyone treated the Lava Giant as a free vehicle and slowly moved forward in the magma lake.
"I really overestimated the Lava Giant's intelligence …"
At this moment, Ji Nan could even control the direction of the Lava Giant. As long as she turned the Builder Tree in her hand, the Lava Giant would also change its direction. It seemed that only the little flame kitten existed in its eyes.
Luo Zheng's gaze fell on the Lava Giants. At this moment, he said, "These Lava Giants are arranged in a row and distributed equally. Perhaps the way to pass through the magma lake is to use these Lava Giants as a bridge … Perhaps we took advantage of a loophole and took a shortcut."
No one could force their way through the Karma Hall. If they wanted to pass through the hall, they could only make full use of the rules inside.
But now, they used such an easy method. Perhaps this was an oversight in the layout of the Karma Hall!
"Dong, dong …"
Under the attraction of the little flame kitten, the Lava Giant carried them all the way to the center of the magma lake. At this speed, it wouldn't take long for them to pass through the magma lake. However, they didn't know if they would completely pass through the fourth Karma Hall after passing through the magma lake.
"Wu, wu …"
Originally, everyone thought that they could sit back and relax, but the situation changed again!
Previously, when they passed by the other Lava Giants, those Lava Giants didn't react at all. However, at this moment, another Lava Giant seemed to have discovered the little flame kitten in the air and actually walked over with its legs!
"What's going on!" Luo Zheng was shocked. They only needed to attract one Lava Giant. Attracting two would only be a big problem.
"I don't know. I'm afraid that the Lava Giant also saw my little flame kitten …" Ji Nan said with a frown as she held onto the Builder Tree.
"There are many of these things in this magma lake. Let's find something else!" Jin Hai said with a sullen face.
However, if the Lava Giants had such intelligence, they probably wouldn't be tricked like this. After discovering the little flame kitten, these Lava Giants would take the initiative to capture it and swallow it. From a certain point of view, this was the rule of the Karma Hall.
The other Lava Giant took a step forward and directly pounced on the little flame kitten hanging in the air!
However, this Lava Giant's actions angered the Lava Giant under Luo Zheng's group. The Lava Giant no longer chased after the little flame kitten. Instead, it waved its huge fists and bombarded the other party …
The noise caused by such a huge fight wasn't small. It was like two huge mountains fiercely colliding together.
"Everyone get down!"
"Boom!"
Under this huge shock, Luo Zheng and the others also got down on the Lava Giant's head at the same time. They grabbed onto some protruding stone pillars or cracks above their heads and firmly fixed their bodies to prevent themselves from being thrown out by the violent shock.