These two behemoths fought hand-to-hand on the magma lake in order to compete for the flaming kitten.
Under the pure contest of strength, the power that erupted was also astonishing!
"Boom!"
The fist of one Lava Giant smashed directly on the chest of the other Lava Giant!
When such behemoths collided, the recoil force transmitted by this huge force was very terrifying. Everyone was like little insects climbing on the heads of the giants …
Azure Demon's hands were firmly gripped in a crack in the stone. Even though the scorching power of the fire in the crack was boiling hot, he wanted nothing more than to squeeze his entire body into the crack … It was better than being thrown down.
As for Jin Hai and Huan Ling, they each hugged a stone pillar, firmly fixed on it.
However, Ji Nan was holding the slender Builder Wood with one hand. She wanted to avoid the flaming kitten being involved in the fight between the two giants, so she could only use one hand to stabilize herself!
This sudden jolt caused her to lose her balance. After grabbing onto nothing, she was thrown up and flung backwards!
"Ah!"
Ji Nan's eyes showed a look of horror, and her other hand was still holding on to the Builder Wood!
The faces of Jin Hai, Huan Ling, and the others all sank!
At this moment, Luo Zheng slid down the top of the Lava Giant's head. His figure suddenly flashed, and he grabbed Ji Nan's arm. At the same time, he punched downwards!
The power that erupted from his fist was also the power of 20,000 dragon scales!
He directly nailed his fist into the top of the Lava Giant's head, firmly fixing himself, while his other hand held on to Ji Nan tightly.
Luo Zheng's punch did not cause much damage to the Lava Giant itself. After all, the Lava Giant was so huge that Luo Zheng's punch was like a mosquito bite.
"That was close," Ji Nan also breathed a sigh of relief, her chest heaving up and down. She was held by Luo Zheng with one hand, and the other hand was still holding the Frost Cage high. She did not want this flaming kitten to die because of her …
"But the situation doesn't seem good." Luo Zheng, who was crawling on the ground, stared at the fierce battle between the two behemoths.
Previously, he was indeed a little proud, but he did not expect that Ji Nan's actions would attract other Lava Giants …
Now that the two behemoths were fighting, Luo Zheng's group was probably the most miserable one.
They were still too insignificant in this lava lake. Now, they could only place their hopes on the lava giant under their feet and hope that it would not be defeated.
If this guy was defeated and fell into the lava lake, Luo Zheng and the others would be completely annihilated!
"Boom!"
Boom!
"Bang!"
A series of loud, muffled sounds reverberated in this spacious and huge cave.
Although the fourth Karma Hall was massive, it wasn't big enough to contain such a large cavern. However, the fourth Karma Hall was built against a mountain. Perhaps everyone had already entered the interior of the mountain, or perhaps it was an extension of space. In any case, the Karma Hall was constructed. As long as one's strength was strong enough, the Heavenly Dao would have the final say on how to construct it …
Boom!
Suddenly, the lava giant opposite them punched the lava giant under Luo Zheng in the face!
Along with the violent tremors, the lava giant staggered backward. Everyone on top of its head swayed continuously as if they were sitting on a boat.
Huge waves were set off in the magma lake, and flames spread out in all directions from the surging magma!
"Don't fall! Don't fall! Don't fall … "
Azure Demon's voice was almost sobbing as he prayed.
The lava giant was already leaning backward at a sixty-degree angle. Once it fell, everyone would fall into the lava!
Boom, boom, boom, boom …
After staggering a few steps, the lava giant finally fell down!
Everyone saw the lava rapidly approaching them. Or rather, the lava giant was falling backward at an extremely fast speed!
Ten thousand feet …
Five thousand feet …
Three thousand feet …
One thousand feet …
Five hundred feet …
Seeing that the lava giant's head was about to fall into the lava, everyone's faces were filled with despair.
If this continued, their trip to the Karma Hall would come to an end!
Although everyone had already earned more than five million fantasy points, if they died now, the fantasy points they would lose would be even more. …
It was only ten feet away!
The lava had already covered the surface of the lava giant's body!
Boom!
At this moment, the lava giant used its hands to support itself in the lava lake, stopping its falling momentum. Although its body had already sunk into the lava lake, its head did not fall in!
Jin Hai and the rest wiped the sweat off their foreheads. They had just escaped a calamity.
The lava giant used its arms to support itself, flipped over, and started attacking the lava giant opposite it!
However …
At this moment, everyone, including Luo Zheng, wanted to curse at the same time!
Because this fellow was actually using its head to hit the lava giant!
If it were any other time, they would probably praise this guy for using his head to headbutt his opponent. But now, everyone was climbing on top of this guy's head. If he were to headbutt his opponent, under the pressure of everyone, not even a speck of dust would be left!
"Quickly get away from this fellow's head!"
Luo Zheng pulled out his fist, kicked hard on a stone pillar, and rushed up. He was still holding onto Ji Nan with one hand. After all, she had to control the Builder Wood in her hand, and Luo Zheng could not abandon her.
Everyone quickly retreated and climbed from the lava giant's head to the back of its head. This place was safe for the time being.
However, if this fellow used its head to hit the lava giant, there would be a huge earthquake in a while. After everyone rushed up, they each looked for a place to settle down …
Boom!
This lava giant used its head to hit the lava giant. It was a good decision!
At the very least, the lava giant on the opposite side was directly lying on its back in the lava lake after being hit by the lava giant.
"That was close!" The Phantom, who had always been quiet, could not help but sigh.
Everyone was risking their lives on this lava giant. If they were not careful, they might really die like a bug.
Now that the lava giant had defeated its opponent, Luo Zheng immediately brought Ji Nan back to the top of its head. She once again threw out the strangely long Builder Wood, swinging it back and forth in front of the lava giant!
"Meow …"
As for the flame kitten, it was still full of innocence. It really did not know what had happened …
After the lava giant discovered the flame kitten, it returned to the right track and began to chase after the flame kitten. It once again carried everyone slowly forward in the lava lake.
This time, Ji Nan had learned her lesson. She controlled the Builder Wood to hide as much as possible. At least, she did not want to attract the lava giants on the other side of the lava lake. If they fought again, they might not be able to escape!
Soon after …
Everyone finally saw the other side of the lava lake!
Luo Zheng, Jin Hai, and the others showed joy on each other's faces. They had passed the fourth Karma Hall that could not be crossed just like that?
The corners of Ji Nan's mouth also curled up slightly. In any case, the Builder Wood in her hand had made a great contribution in the fourth Karma Hall. Although this piece of Builder Wood was only used by her as a fishing rod …
However, at this moment, everyone heard dull footsteps behind them again!
Thump, thump, thump …
After the sound was transmitted, everyone looked back.
The lava giant that had fallen in the lava lake before was now flying toward them at an extremely fast speed!
＝＝＝＝＝