At this moment, they were very close to the other side of the lava lake. However, the lava giant that had just been knocked down was chasing them again!
The speed of the Lava Giant wasn't slow at all. If they collided, the Lava Giant would definitely roll in the lava.
"Thump, thump, thump …"
The lava giant's running footsteps seemed to be stepping on everyone's hearts!
Seeing this, Jin Hai suddenly raised the Buddha Sun Blade in his hand. After straightening it, he placed the tip of the blade parallel to his eyes and looked at the shore not far away. He was measuring the distance between here and the shore.
After a short while, Jin Hai revealed a bitter smile.
"Only six thousand feet. I … can't jump over."
When warriors reached the later stages of cultivation, they could fly!
However, it was impossible to fly in the Karma Hall. Although they couldn't fly, it didn't mean they couldn't jump. The jumping ability of a Divine Sea Realm warrior was amazing.
With one jump, they could jump a distance of six thousand feet. Moreover, they were standing on top of the lava giant's head. There was still a height difference.
However, it would be extremely difficult for him to cross the distance of six thousand feet with his own jumping ability.
Moreover, they only had one chance. If they fell into the lava, they would be eliminated …
"Cang Mo, can you jump over?" the Night Clan warrior asked secretly.
The Demon Clan warriors mainly cultivated the Body Refining Technique. The explosive force of vital essence was much stronger. With the explosive force of vital essence, Cang Mo could jump a lot further than ordinary warriors.
Cang Mo looked at the other side and revealed a bitter expression. "How can I jump over?!"
Everyone was also worried. They had already reached the end of the lava lake. In the end, all their efforts would be in vain? No one would be willing to accept this!
"Three thousand feet … can you all jump over?" Luo Zheng suddenly asked.
Jin Hai's sharp eyes flickered. "Three thousand feet should be the limit."
"I can," Phantom answered simply.
Ji Nan nodded slightly. "If you try your best, it won't be a problem … but why are you asking this?"
Luo Zheng looked back at the lava giant that was rushing over. He didn't have time to explain. He just said, "Jump to the left later!"
With that, Luo Zheng quickly walked to the lava giant's head and squatted down!
At the same time, he began to continuously extract the power of the dragon scales!
This time, Luo Zheng poured the power of the dragon scale into his legs …
A distance of six thousand feet might be difficult for other martial artists to cross, but for Luo Zheng, it wasn't too difficult!
"He … is going to jump over directly!"
"Are you crazy? It's so far! "
"Don't forget his strength …" Ji Nan said faintly.
After passing through the second Karma Hall, Luo Zheng obtained ten million Fantasy Points just by relying on his strength.
When his pure strength erupted, it was even several times stronger than the trump cards of many geniuses!
If he were to use this power to propel himself forward, a distance of six thousand feet would not be too difficult.
But was Luo Zheng the only one who passed?
Ji Nan, Jin Hai, and the others had complicated expressions on their faces.
They formed a temporary team and wandered around the Karma Hall. In the end, only Luo Zheng could leave. Naturally, they felt somewhat disappointed.
But what did Luo Zheng mean? He wanted them to jump to the left?
While everyone's thoughts were running wild, Luo Zheng stepped on the Lava Giant's head. His entire body suddenly stretched out!
The enormous power poured into his legs directly left two deep footprints on the Lava Giant's head. His entire body was like an arrow leaving the bow, shooting forward!
When Luo Zheng flew through the air, a small spinning mountain appeared in his hand! This was the Divine Origin Magnetic Mountain that Luo Zheng had refined.
"Whoosh!"
Luo Zheng suddenly threw the Divine Origin Magnetic Mountain into the lava lake not far away.
What seemed like a careless move was, in fact, a precise calculation!
The Divine Origin Magnetic Mountain was unshakable and could withstand the flames of the lava!
And the Divine Origin Magnetic Mountain could be used as a foothold for them to pass through the lava …
"Huff … Huff …"
In the blink of an eye, Luo Zheng had already crossed six thousand feet and steadily landed on the shore!
"Luo Tianxing has already passed!"
"We … I'm afraid we're all going to die here!"
"That guy!"
Ji Nan's face revealed a resentful expression. In any case, they had traveled together, but at the critical moment, he had abandoned her …
"Dong! Dong! Dong … "
The other Lava Giant was not far away at this moment. From the looks of it, it planned to directly use its huge body to crash over. Combined with the impact of its flying speed, this force was probably unimaginably huge!
At this moment, Luo Zheng, who had already reached the shore, suddenly raised a hand!
Everyone was slightly taken aback when they saw his inexplicable actions.
"What does he mean by this …"
"Plop, plop …"
A large number of lava bubbles began to emerge from the lava lake!
It seemed that something in the lava lake was about to rise, and a large amount of lava was pushed to the sides.
Not long after, everyone saw a mountain peak emerging from the lava lake, and that "mountain peak" was still constantly growing!
Luo Zheng had just thrown the Divine Origin Magnetic Mountain into the lava lake. At this moment, he was controlling the Divine Origin Magnetic Mountain to constantly grow and restore its original size!
Soon, a Divine Origin Magnetic Mountain appeared in front of everyone!
"Divine Origin Magnetic Mountain!"
Ji Nan's originally disappointed face suddenly glowed with color.
"This … this looks like the small mountain that Luo Tianxing was playing with before!"
"How can it become so big!"
Jin Hai, Azure Demon, and the others also gaped, staring at the constantly growing Divine Origin Magnetic Mountain.
Since they couldn't jump such a long distance, they could use the Divine Origin Magnetic Mountain as a foothold and jump a second time!
"Hurry and jump!"
Luo Zheng stood on the shore, shouting at Ji Nan and the others.
"I, I, I'll jump!"
The first to react was the demon race martial artist Azure Demon.
He was already terrified to the extreme, but after his astral essence erupted, his massive body was like an elephant. He leapt high into the air, drawing a parabola in the air before smashing into the Divine Essensefused Mountain!
"Bang!"
With a muffled sound, Azure Demon stood firmly on the mountainside of the Divine Origin Magnetic Mountain. At the same time, he didn't forget to rub his chest, a look of lingering fear on his face.
Jin Hai's expression was calm. He took two steps back from the giant's head and then jumped up!
With this jump, he was like a great roc spreading its wings. He glided through the air, crossing the distance of 3000 feet in an instant!
Besides Jin Hai, Phantom and Darksider also jumped up at the same time … although they couldn't fly, some basic movement techniques were still effective. At the very least, they could jump a greater distance in the air.
Seeing this scene, Ji Nan gently put away the piece of Builder Wood in her hand. The frost cage at the top of the Builder Wood quickly melted away, and the branches that were originally growing out also began to rapidly shrink and disappear. The Builder Wood finally turned into a section that was the length of an arm and quickly drilled into her palm.
After the ice cage was broken, the flame kitten that had been imprisoned for a long time regained its freedom.
"Meow!"
The flame kitten seemed to be frightened, but it didn't run away. Instead, it shivered where it was.
"Hurry and jump into the magma. It's not safe here," Ji Nan said to the flame kitten.
However, the flame kitten remained where it was, looking at Ji Nan with a pitiful expression.
Ji Nan frowned slightly and reached out to grab the flame kitten …
The flame kitten was a life form born of the Laws of Fire. It was a mass of flames, and touching it would definitely cause one to be burned.
However, the flame kitten had been imprisoned in the ice cage for so long. In addition, Luo Zheng and the others had sprayed cold air at it. At this moment, its body was dim and lightless. Ji Nan reached out and had True Essence protecting her body, so she only felt a slight burn.
"Hurry and go!"
Ji Nan picked up the flame kitten and threw it over the lava giant's head.
The magma was a fatal existence for martial artists, but it was the flame kitten's habitat …
"Hurry and jump! Ji Nan! "
"It's too late, hurry and leave!"
Hearing their voices, Ji Nan nodded. After drawing out a strand of True Essence, she jumped. Like a nimble skylark, she suddenly fluttered in the air.
"Whoosh …"