Just as Ji Nan's feet left the top of the lava giant's head, the two lava giants collided without any suspense!
"Boom …"
Accompanied by a huge muffled sound, Ji Nan had already floated over and stood firmly on the Divine Essencefused Mountain!
Seeing this scene, Luo Zheng also breathed a sigh of relief.
Ji Nan was not in a hurry just now, and even calmly released the flame kitten, which made them anxious to death …
If it had been one or two breaths later, Ji Nan wouldn't have been able to jump even if she wanted to!
"Run to the top of the mountain!"
Ji Nan had just steadied herself when Luo Zheng's voice came again.
At the same time, the two lava giants, under the fierce impact, fell into the magma lake!
As their huge bodies fell, the magma in the lake was expelled in all directions, forming a wave of magma hundreds of feet high that spread out in all directions!
"Go up!"
"Hurry, hurry …"
Azure Demon was the first to rush up, followed by Golden Sea Phantom and the others.
The crisis was not over yet. If the magma wave could cover the Divine Essencefused Mountain, they would have no place to hide …
However, in this crisis, Azure Demon was the most alert. He was like a huge apeman, constantly erupting with astral essence as he quickly rushed to the top of the Divine Essencefused Mountain. Then, with another leap, he jumped more than three thousand feet and directly jumped onto the shore!
"Bang!"
As soon as he reached the shore, he fled. The magma wave spread out in all directions, not only spreading towards the Divine Essencefused Mountain, but also towards the shore.
Luo Zheng was originally standing on the shore, but at this moment, he had no choice but to retreat to avoid being covered by the magma wave.
Now, Ji Nan and the others had no chance to jump onto the shore. The magma wave had eroded a lot of space on the shore. If they jumped over, they would plunge into the magma.
They could only wait on the top of the Divine Essencefused Mountain for the magma wave to recede …
"Hualala …"
The magma wave continued to flow around the Divine Essencefused Mountain. Ji Nan and the others' faces were tense as they watched the approaching magma wave.
The four of them were already standing at the top. If the magma wave rose, they would have no place to hide!
Fifty feet …
Ten feet …
Fifty feet …
The four of them squeezed at the top of the mountain, looking down at the lava that kept surging up.
In the end, the magma spread until it was only three meters away from the peak of the mountain before it stopped spreading. The tides rose and fell, and when there was a rise, there was a fall. The magma gradually receded.
"Phew …"
Ji Nan heaved a long sigh of relief, and the others also relaxed.
When the two Lava Giants fought, the waves of lava also came one after another, but in the end, they were unable to surpass the first wave.
After the magma on the shore subsided, everyone jumped up from the mountain peak and finally reached the shore.
Then, Luo Zheng reached out and waved his hand. The Divine Magnetic Mountain slowly rotated in the magma and became smaller. In the blink of an eye, it turned from a big mountain to a mini mountain the size of a fist and returned to Luo Zheng's hand.
"Does this count as us passing the fourth Karma Hall?" Ji Nan asked with a smile.
Ji Nan was also the type of person who refused to admit defeat!
In the previous round of the Karma Hall, there were two prodigies helping. But in the end, except for those two prodigies, everyone else died in the fourth Karma Hall.
And their deaths were not due to their lack of strength!
It was because the two prodigies were not on good terms with each other. Both sides roamed and fought along the way and did not care about the lives of their companions.
Currently, with their cooperation, they had only lost four people to reach this point. This result was already quite shocking.
After passing through the magma lake, everyone planned to continue forward. According to the rules, there should be a considerable reward after passing through the Karma Hall.
However, just as they were about to leave, a flame emerged from the edge of the magma lake. Then, a flame kitten climbed up to the shore.
"Meow!"
The flame kitten meowed softly.
Luo Zheng stared at the flame kitten and found that the color of its fur was a little dim. "Hey, this flame kitten … seems to be the one you just encountered."
Ji Nan's eyes narrowed slightly as she recognized it. Although these flaming kittens looked similar, this flaming kitten had been tortured by them for a long time, so she could tell it was different.
"What does this flame kitten want to do?" Ji Nan looked at the flame kitten with a strange expression.
"Meow." After the flame kitten came ashore, it slowly crawled towards Ji Nan. It did not feel any hostility from the kitten. On the contrary, it seemed to want to get close to Ji Nan.
"You … want to go with me?" Ji Nan stared at the kitten and asked.
"Meow …"
The kitten's appearance was very cute. After hearing Ji Nan's voice, it meowed even more pitifully.
"But this Illusory Battlefield is an Illusory Realm. I'm afraid I can't take you out of the Illusory Battlefield. But this Karma Hall should be fine, right?" Ji Nan reached out to grab the flame kitten.
The flame kitten contained pure and powerful nomological power of fire. But when Ji Nan picked it up, she did not feel any burning sensation. Instead, she felt incomparably warm.
"This guy … really plans to follow you." Jin Hai's face was also full of surprise.
Luo Zheng smiled and said, "The flame kittens in this lava lake are all the lava giants' food. There must be even more powerful existences in the lower layers of the lava lake. After all, the environment is harsh for them to survive here."
Ji Nan held the flame kitten in her arms with a faint smile on her face. "Then I'll take care of it for a while!"
She was going to treat this ferocious creature as a pet.
Only then did the group continue to move deeper into the cave. But before they could take two steps, they saw countless dots of light floating towards them!
"Buzz buzz buzz …"
Hearing the sound and seeing the red dots of light, Luo Zheng's eyes narrowed slightly. "Fire wasps?"
"I knew it. This fourth Karma Hall won't be so easy to pass …" Cang Mo instinctively hid at the back of the group.
Seeing the swarm of fire wasps flying towards them, they were about to drown the group.
Luo Zheng casually flicked his finger and a wind blade swept out like a ribbon …
"Pa!"
Contrary to Luo Zheng's expectations, these fire wasps were not difficult to deal with. The wind blade slashed lightly, and one of the fire wasps exploded!
At the same time, a large ball of dreamy light exploded from the fire wasp's body!
The dreamy light rushed towards Luo Zheng!
"This …" Luo Zheng was slightly taken aback.
Everyone's eyes met, and two words appeared in their minds at the same time. "Reward!"
Without a doubt, the large swarm of fire wasps in front of them was the reward for passing the fourth Karma Hall …
Each fire wasp contained tens of thousands of dreamy light dots. The fire wasps in front of them were densely packed, and in their eyes, they were a huge amount of dreamy light dots!
Everyone's faces were filled with excitement!
Cang Mo, who was originally hiding at the back, immediately rushed up when he saw this scene.
The others were not slow either, and they each used their own methods to kill these fire wasps!
These fire wasps were indeed the reward for passing the Karma Hall. After all, they swarmed over and did not have any intention of attacking. They simply fluttered in the air, allowing them to kill them one by one. However, the dreamy light dots they contained were not few at all. Killing one fire wasp would give them tens of thousands of dreamy light dots. If they could kill a thousand, they would receive ten million dreamy light dots.
It had to be said that the Karma Hall was very difficult, and if one was not careful, they would die. However, once they passed it, the dreamy light dots would flow like water.
With this, Luo Zheng killed more than eight hundred fire wasps and absorbed more than eight million dreamy light dots. In comparison, it was actually not as good as the second Karma Hall.
However, this was somewhat unfair. In the second Karma Hall, most of the cultivators only obtained one or two million dreamy light dots. The stronger cultivators only obtained three or four million dreamy light dots. Luo Zheng was purely an exception, which was why he obtained more than ten million dreamy light dots.
Apart from Luo Zheng, the other cultivators' gains were not bad either. Ji Nan killed more than seven hundred fire wasps, and Jin Hai and company killed an average of six hundred fire wasps …
After obtaining the reward, everyone continued forward, passing through the hall and climbing towards the mountain peak.