The plundering of Fantasy Points in the entire Illusory Battlefield had reached a climax!
Most of the top-ranked warriors already understood that the most important way to plunder Fantasy Points was to enter the Karma Hall!
However, the Karma Hall was not so easy to enter.
The first was to obtain a metal voucher.
The second was to pay five million Fantasy Points.
Be it the former or the latter, they were not conditions that ordinary warriors could achieve.
The metal voucher had to be obtained from a mystic realm in the wilderness. It was definitely not a simple matter to pass through the mystic realm.
As for five million Fantasy Points, how many people in a main city could accumulate them?
Illusory Battlefield, in a main city of a large world.
A silver door of light appeared in the center of the main city. From this door of light, nine warriors slowly walked out.
The moment these nine martial artists came out, some of the surrounding martial artists revealed looks of awe on their faces! They were clear that these were true experts!
After passing through the Karma Hall, all the warriors would be transported to a specific main city. And this main city was usually located in the center of the large world!
This rule was deliberately arranged by the Illusory Battlefield.
After all, warriors who could pass through the Karma Hall's test without dying were basically the top 50 experts in this large world.
Waves of experts would leave the Karma Hall and gather in the central main city. There was a high possibility of an even more intense collision happening …
Nine people had entered the Karma Hall at the same time, but only one person had died. This strength was simply astounding.
"Boring. I didn't expect the reward of the fifth level of the Karma Hall to be this …" A long-haired man in the lead shook his head and could not help but grumble.
"Heh, I find it interesting to bring a treasure out of the Illusory Battlefield. Some treasures are extremely heaven-defying existences!" Another bald warrior laughed. He had obtained a resurrection token in a mystic realm of the Illusory Battlefield! Those who possessed this token could be resurrected once!
He had not died in the Karma Hall, so he naturally would not use this resurrection token.
However, the entire Illusory Battlefield was just an illusion. It was just a projection constructed by the Heavenly Dao. If he did not use this resurrection token, he would not be able to bring it out of the Illusory Battlefield. It would be a waste.
He never expected that the reward of the fifth level of the Karma Hall was to be able to choose any treasure to bring out!
Naturally, he chose this resurrection token.
With this token, it was equivalent to having an extra life. This was an effect that could only be obtained by "resurrecting the will of the heavens"!
And the person with the Mandate of Heaven's Resurrection was an Empyrean!
What's more, that Celestial Venerable couldn't resurrect himself. He could only resurrect others. Other than that, there were many other restrictions …
Without a doubt, even if this bald martial artist did not win in the Illusory Battlefield, he would still have profited greatly.
Among this group of people, there was a woman who was ranked fourth, but her face was gloomy.
This woman was dressed in a plain white robe and a long white dress that dragged on the ground. She had a pale white embroidered brocade draped over her shoulders. Her beautiful face gave people a feeling of indifference and elegance.
She was Xi Youqin who had entered the Illusory Battlefield.
From the beginning to the end, Xi Youqin had never paid attention to her ranking and Fantasy points.
Although she had promised her master that she would strive for a good result in the Illusory Battlefield, she wasn't very interested in these things.
However, she had entered this place through the Purple Extreme Realm after passing through a big world. After being assigned, she directly entered the main city of the Devil Clan …
What was even more troublesome was that this main city of the Devil Clan was surrounded by six other main cities!
Those were the true battlegrounds.
And just like that, Xi Youqin left the main city in a daze and began to kill along the way …
She also didn't remember how many of those smelly fellows she had killed. Xi Youqin's goal wasn't to kill those fellows. Her goal was to find Luo Zheng.
Just leaving the main city was not a simple matter. Before figuring out the rules, she even took the initiative to give up resistance and was killed once. In the end, she discovered that she had been reborn in a main city. Depressed, she could only vent her frustrations by slaughtering.
Thus, she used her sword array alone to slaughter seven main cities of the Devil Clan!
Only now did all the Demon Race cultivators understand that this seemingly beautiful, elegant, and clean Human Race woman was a completely nightmarish character.
The final result was obvious. No one dared to leave the main city.
However, in terms of plundering Fantasy points, Xi Youqin had a natural advantage!
She used 100,000 swords to set up a ring-shaped sword array and firmly encircled a main city.
This move could practically drive all the martial artists in a main city crazy!
Ordinary experts, no matter how strong they were, couldn't truly slaughter all the martial artists in a main city.
After all, there were exits everywhere in the main city. One could escape by jumping off the city walls. With countless martial artists running together, no matter how strong one was, it was impossible to kill all of them. At most, it would be good if one could kill one percent of them.
For example, Ji Luoxue had only obtained the title of City Lord with the help of a large number of guards and subordinates of the Ji Clan. Only then did he set the rules for a main city.
However, Xi Youqin was different. Her sword array encircled a main city …
Whether powerful or not, they were all unable to leave the city. Once they left the city, they would be killed. They could only obediently stay in the main city.
In the end, those Devil Clan martial artists couldn't take it anymore. They could only come to an agreement with Xi Youqin. Each of them would be killed by her three times!
After killing her three times, this group of Devil Clan martial artists finally sent her away …
After repeating this several times, she directly charged into the top 100 of the entire Illusory Battlefield.
However, she took the initiative to let others kill her once and lost half of her Fantasy points. After that, she slowly climbed back up …
From beginning to end, Xi Youqin didn't check her ranking.
She was only looking for Luo Zheng!
However, after learning that this Illusory Battlefield was divided into 50 great realms, Xi Youqin was unhappy.
This meant that the probability of Luo Zheng being in the same great realm as her was only one in fifty!
After entering the Karma Hall this time, she originally still had a trace of hope. However, she didn't encounter Luo Zheng in the Karma Hall …
The long-haired youth stared at Xi Youqin and asked, "Younger Sister Youqin, why are you unhappy?"
Xi Youqin glanced at him indifferently, then walked to the side of the city wall. She was too lazy to leave the city or fight with others.
As for the long-haired youth in front of her, it was said that he was a prodigy of the Human Alliance. His strength wasn't ordinary. In the Karma Hall, he had always been the leader. Along the way, he had tried his best to protect Xi Youqin. Thus, she hadn't displayed any strength in the Karma Hall.
"Nothing," Xi Youqin replied indifferently.
"Killing people is the happiest. This main city is the exit of the Karma Hall. There must be many powerful figures gathered here. How about I accompany you out of the city to kill people?" The long-haired youth smiled faintly.
Those who could completely pass through the Karma Hall were either prodigies or existences second only to prodigies. For example, the various great realm masters and the direct descendants of Heavenly Venerables. However, this long-haired youth didn't take them seriously at all. When his words spread out, it attracted the attention of many cultivators in the city. After all, this main city was different from other main cities. It was a place where super prodigies gathered!
Xi Youqin tilted her head and thought for a moment. "Alright, but I will kill you once we leave the city." Xi Youqin looked indifferently at the long-haired youth, her tone indifferent.
The long-haired youth chuckled. "That's not necessary. If Younger Sister Youqin wants to spar, I can accompany you!"
Xi Youqin didn't say anything else and walked out of the main city. However, she was thinking in her heart. The 50 great realms of the Illusory Battlefield would merge sooner or later. Otherwise, the prodigies scattered across the 50 great realms wouldn't be able to compete. It was better for her to raise her ranking. As long as she was at the top, she would eventually be able to meet Luo Zheng.
However, she didn't know what his ranking was now.
After an incense stick's worth of time, a sword light flashed outside the main city like a bolt of lightning.
Following the long-haired cultivator's pained scream, he was sent back to the main city by Xi Youqin to be revived …
The long-haired cultivator was wrapped in a curtain of light. He was also thinking bitterly. No matter how he thought about it, he couldn't understand how this gentle and weak girl with a scholarly aura was able to be escorted through the Karma Hall by him.
But how did this girl have such strength?
＝＝＝＝＝