There were still many experts hibernating in this main city.
After seeing this scene, these experts went into hiding again.
The way Xi Youqin killed that prodigy alarmed several prodigies in the main city.
They secretly inquired about this woman's origin and finally learned that she came from the Extreme Purple Realm and possessed the extremely rare first-grade Extreme Purple Yin Physique …
That long-haired youth was ranked 74th in the Illusory Battlefield. After being killed by Xi Youqin, half of the Illusory Battlefield's huge amount of Illusory Points were taken by her. At this moment, her ranking soared.
From over 100, she climbed all the way to 64!
Warriors who entered the top 100 would enter the eyes of the entire universe!
In the Extreme Purple Realm, a burst of cheers came from the Indefinite Tower.
"Little Junior Sister has entered the top 100!"
"The top 100 are all prodigies from various large clans … Little Junior Sister has indeed lived up to everyone's expectations!"
"A first-grade Extreme Purple Yin Physique can almost be called the master of the Extreme Purple Realm. It's inevitable for her to enter the top 100!"
Ninety-nine percent of those who could enter the Extreme Purple Realm had the Extreme Purple Yin Physique, but there was a huge gap between them.
Just a few years ago, many warriors in the Indefinite Tower welcomed such a little junior sister.
In fact, Xi Youqin's seniority in the Indefinite Tower was extremely high. After all, she was directly apprenticed to Indefinite Old Man, so she was two or even three generations higher than many disciples in the Indefinite Tower!
However, in the eyes of others, she was still young, so they only cared for her as a little junior sister.
Before they set off, many people were very worried.
Xi Youqin's strength and talent were not to be doubted, but their little junior sister was naive and romantic and did not know the ways of the world. She would probably encounter a lot of setbacks in the Illusory Battlefield. After all, in a battle between warriors, most of the time, it was not strength that was competed, but wisdom and trickery.
"Isn't Little Junior Sister always talking about that man of hers …"
"I wonder if she'll be able to see him this time!"
"I'm afraid it'll be a little difficult. Little Junior Sister can stand out, but her man is just a person from the lower realm. I'm afraid he'll be eliminated soon. How can she meet him?"
Just as everyone was discussing, a tall woman appeared. She was also Indefinite Old Man's disciple and could be considered Xi Youqin's Senior Sister.
"Eliminated? Youqin is a genius. How can her man be eliminated? "The woman said indifferently.
Xi Youqin had been in Indefinite Tower for several years, and she only had a good relationship with this woman, so this woman knew many of Xi Youqin's little secrets.
"Senior Apprentice Sister Yuan, Xi Youqin was born in the Lower Realm. How can an ascender compete with an Upper Realm cultivator?"
"To put it simply, the man that Xi Youqin likes might not even be able to enter the top one million in the Fantasy Battlefield. He'll probably be eliminated sooner or later!"
"I think so too …"
It wasn't that super geniuses couldn't be born in the lower realms.
These martial artists rarely walked out of the Indefinite Tower and rarely went to the outside world. However, they also knew that there were many famous powerhouses in the Upper Realm who had ascended from the Lower Realm, such as the famous Empyrean Illusory Sea.
It was already amazing that Xi Youqin's Boundless Realm could give birth to a first-grade Extreme Purple Yin Physique like Xi Youqin. How powerful could the man she missed be?
However, Senior Apprentice Sister Yuan only smiled faintly. "The man that Youqin misses is called Luo Zheng."
Xi Youqin had only revealed this name to Senior Apprentice Sister Yuan. No one else knew.
"Luo Zheng?"
"This name sounds familiar …"
The Extreme Purple Realm was at the edge of the universe. It was a broken Small Realm, and it was very special. It was considered to be drifting outside the universe, so they couldn't hear the Roaring Command.
However, in these few years, the disciples of Indefinite Tower had to travel across large realms, so there were always people who knew about the outside world.
"I remember now! It's the guy who told stories in the universe! I heard that guy killed a Celestial Lord, and the Roaring Command in his hand was free! "
"You don't need to remember. I've already seen his name. He's now ranked 125 …"
"Xi Youqin's man is actually Luo Zheng. I've heard of this person from the Luo Tian Realm. It's said that he was besieged by several major races and is now hiding in an immortal mansion!"
Luo Zheng's name was now hanging at the top of the pyramid, but it hadn't rushed into the top 100. In addition, the people in the Extreme Purple Realm didn't pay attention to Luo Zheng before. After hearing this, many people looked down from the top of the pyramid and instantly found Luo Zheng's name.
This time, many female disciples in Indefinite Tower suddenly burst into an uproar.
Xi Youqin was originally the object of their envy. Her talent was extremely high, and her bone age was so young. Moreover, she was the direct disciple of Indefinite Old Man!
From the moment she stepped into Indefinite Tower, she was surrounded by many halos. The entire Indefinite Tower was considerate and protective of her. Even if she cultivated for a few hours and ate a bitter pill, she had to be coaxed before she could go …
Xi Youqin, who grew up like this, casually rushed into the top 100 of the entire Illusory Battlefield!
And the man she had been thinking about was also in the top 100.
Many women suddenly felt extremely unbalanced in their hearts.
They had the Extreme Purple Yin Physique and were sent to Indefinite Tower by various major families from afar to gain experience. In the end, the gap was so big that it was hard for them to accept!
…
…
At the same time.
Luo Zheng led Ji Nan and the others to the top of the mountain of Karma Hall. They were about to face the last Karma Hall.
"Can this still be called a hall …"
Cang Mo stared at the rows of stone pillars in front of him and shouted.
There was indeed a hall at the top of this mountain, but it was likely that it once existed.
Now, in front of everyone, there was only a row of round stone pillars. This hall seemed to have collapsed long ago …
"This is the last test. Don't underestimate it. I'm afraid the difficulty of this hall is far greater than the previous ones," Luo Zheng said indifferently.
Now, everyone had a tacit understanding. After Luo Zheng spoke, everyone followed behind him at the same time.
Although the top of the hall had long disappeared, the two tall pillars at the entrance still stood there. This was the entrance to the fifth Karma Hall.
The moment Luo Zheng walked into this Karma Hall, a strange feeling was transmitted from the depths of his heart.
After Ji Nan and the others entered the two pillars, their expressions also changed slightly!
"Creak …"
At the same time, everyone heard a teeth-aching sound. It was the ear-piercing sound of rubbing against the axles of some dilapidated doors.
"Clang!"
Then, the sound of a heavy door closing could be heard.
When the sound of the door closing sounded, everyone turned their heads. There was no door between the two pillars at all. Where did this sound come from?
Phantom frowned slightly. She took a light step forward and rushed between the two doorposts. Then, she stretched out her hand and wiped it away …
"The door is closed," Phantom said softly.
Everyone's faces also showed curiosity. They turned their heads one after another and reached out to touch it like Phantom.
Sure enough, between the two doorposts, there was a door that didn't exist.
"Since the door is closed, we will continue to move forward. I don't think you have any plans to withdraw, right?" Luo Zheng said with a faint smile.
It had not been easy for everyone to fight their way to this place. If they gave up just like that, they would not be willing. The rewards from the second to fourth halls of the Karma Hall were astonishing amounts of Fantasy Points. What could the fifth hall give them?
"Meow," The flame kitten in Ji Nan's arms whimpered softly. Ji Nan smiled and said, "Little Fire agrees. Let's move forward."
Women were indeed women. In such a short time, Ji Nan had already given the flame kitten a name: Little Fire.
As for the ancestral dragon beside Luo Zheng, it had followed Luo Zheng for a long time, but he still hadn't given it a name. He didn't even have such an idea …
Ji Nan originally didn't have a contract beast, so she didn't bring a spirit beast bag with her. She could only hold the flame kitten by her side.
But just as Ji Nan's voice fell, from the deep sky at the top of the mountain, a thin lightning suddenly fell. The lightning spread all the way down and wrapped around a stone pillar!