These thin bolts of lightning were like bolts of spring thunder, causing the Karma Hall to begin to reorganize.
A large number of fragments emerged from all the stone pillars. These fragments seemed to remember each other's positions, constantly reassembling …
Roofs, beams, cornices, walls, doors, floors …
It was as if an invisible giant was rapidly building a large hall. Soon, a magnificent palace appeared in front of everyone. Everyone was in a circular hall, and in this circular hall, there were six long corridors!
"Six corridors?"
"In other words … the six of us have to be separated?"
"Isn't this Karma Hall supposed to divide the work and cooperate?"
Everyone's faces were filled with doubt, unable to understand the arrangement of this Karma Hall.
However, based on their previous experience in the Karma Hall, if they wanted to pass through this hall, they could only follow its rules. If this Karma Hall really wanted to separate everyone, they didn't have much choice.
"Weng …"
At this moment, azure lightning began to flicker above the doors of every corridor.
These lightning bolts began to converge into words, which were their names!
Ji Nan, Jin Hai, Huan Ling, Cang Mo, An Si, and Luo Zheng.
"Luo Zheng?"
Everyone was slightly stunned when they saw this name.
Then, they all looked at Luo Zheng in unison …
Among the six of them, only Luo Tianxing had the surname Luo, and this corridor didn't have Luo Tianxing's name.
"I already said that Luo Tianxing is definitely a fake name," Ji Nan's eyes flashed slightly as she stared at Luo Zheng with a smile, "But I didn't know that Luo Tianxing was actually the famous Luo Zheng!"
Luo Zheng had long been a legendary existence among the younger generation of martial artists.
Putting aside his own strength for the time being, his deeds had long been spread throughout the universe. For them, they could already recite it by heart.
Even the most ignorant and inexperienced martial artist couldn't not recognize Luo Zheng!
After all, there was such a person in this universe. Every once in a while, he would tell you a story. You would have to listen even if you didn't want to. Moreover, the story wasn't that "bad". If you accidentally got lost in it, you might have to endure for a few more months before you could hear the end. Because that guy said that he would break it down next time …
After killing the four Celestial Masters, Luo Zheng spent the past six years like this. The trillions of living creatures in the universe also spent their lives under the baptism of his "voice".
Ji Nan, Jin Hai, Phantom, and the others were no exception!
"You are really Luo Zheng!" Jin Hai stared at Luo Zheng and asked.
Luo Zheng smiled helplessly. He couldn't hide his identity anymore. Who would have thought that the Karma Hall could directly mark his name at the end? Luo Zheng could only nod. "Yes, I am Luo Zheng."
"Hahaha …" Jin Hai laughed and punched Luo Zheng on the shoulder. He laughed and complained, "I've been killed by you these past few years!"
Luo Zheng asked curiously, "How did I kill you?"
Luo Zheng naturally didn't know that Jin Hai had been cultivating in seclusion in the temple to comprehend the heart of Buddhism. Originally, he wanted to use peace as a primer. What he needed the most was peace of the six senses.
Although he wasn't an orthodox Buddhist disciple, he still cultivated with hair.
However, on normal days, those Celestial Masters would shout a sentence from time to time. After all, the roaring command was precious. If it wasn't a very important matter, the Celestial Masters would often finish one sentence and only continue after a long time.
Moreover, with Jin Hai's willpower, he could automatically filter out the ordinary words that rang in his ears.
However, Luo Zheng's voice was endless. Moreover, Luo Zheng wasn't speaking seriously. He was telling a story!
The story was mysterious and exaggerated. It was always fascinating.
When Jin Hai was in seclusion, he heard the story echoing in his ears. His mind couldn't help but follow Luo Zheng's train of thought …
Comprehending the heart of Buddhism, the most important thing was to pay attention to peace of the six senses. There couldn't be the slightest distraction!
With Luo Zheng telling the story vividly, how could Jin Hai have peace of mind? It was a good thing that he didn't go crazy, but his cultivation would be greatly delayed.
After Jin Hai finished, Cang Mo also nodded hurriedly. "I've also encountered it! I … "
Phantom smiled and didn't speak. As for whether she was affected by Luo Zheng during her seclusion, it was unknown.
There were so many living beings in the universe. When Luo Zheng was telling the story, there were cultivators who were cultivating in seclusion. Even at a critical moment in their cultivation, the Roaring Command would definitely cause a lot of trouble for other cultivators. It was likely that many of them had suffered from Qi Deviation because of this.
Now, everyone finally understood why this unknown Luo Tianxing had such strength!
Ji Nan kept smiling. She was thinking of Ji Luoxue again.
She always thought that Ji Luoxue was invincible. This time, Ji Luoxue should have the strength to take first place, but he was defeated by Luo Zheng. She didn't know if Ji Luoxue would have the chance to fight with Luo Zheng next time.
If they fought, would Ji Luoxue be stronger, or would Luo Zheng be stronger?
Previously, she thought that Luo Zheng could fight with Ji Luoxue, but he would be defeated in the end.
Now, Ji Nan understood that Luo Zheng would definitely become one of the strongest opponents Ji Luoxue faced. This fellow hadn't just concealed his name, he'd concealed his strength all along the way!
Everyone was very interested in Luo Zheng. If they weren't asking him about the roaring command, they were asking about the immortal mansion …
Luo Zheng answered casually. If he could answer a question, he wouldn't hide it. If he couldn't answer a question, he would just gloss over it.
As he spoke, he pointed at the six corridors in front of him and said, "I think … everyone should turn their attention back to here!"
Luo Zheng didn't expect that this group of people would be so curious. They asked one question after another. Apart from Huan Ling, the others didn't stop.
If they continued asking like this, they probably wouldn't finish asking after several days and nights!
Thus, he had no choice but to correct everyone's questions. He moved the questions back on the right track and returned to the Karma Hall!
Ji Nan stuck out her little tongue and said with a smile, "Okay, I'm just a little gossipy. Although I knew that you also entered the Illusory Battlefield, I didn't expect to meet you here!"
Luo Zheng nodded indifferently. "But the most important thing right now is the Karma Hall, not me … Everyone can only enter the six corridors according to the one marked with their name. I'll give it a try."
After speaking, Luo Zheng walked toward the corridor next to his. This corridor was marked with Ji Nan's name. In other words, this corridor belonged to Ji Nan.
The moment Luo Zheng walked into the corridor, an irresistible force blocked Luo Zheng.
Luo Zheng didn't force his way in. This was the Karma Hall. Since Luo Zheng wasn't allowed to enter, it was impossible for him to force his way in …
Everyone knew that they would have to take the next path by themselves. After making some preparations, they all entered their respective corridors.
Among them, the most depressed was probably Cang Mo.
He didn't play any role along the way. It could be said that he had mixed in with everyone.
Now that this path was divided into six, he could only rely on himself. However, there was no confidence in his eyes. He could only enter his own corridor unhappily.
After Luo Zheng glanced at the corridor, he also stepped into it.
This corridor was very wide. Even if a carriage rushed over, it would be able to speed through this corridor.
Walking on the soft carpet, Luo Zheng had an illusion that this fifth Karma Hall didn't seem to have any difficulty.
However, after walking a few dozen meters, he suddenly stopped in his tracks.
In front of Luo Zheng, there was a torch hanging on the wall. The flame on the torch was still burning. It seemed to be used to illuminate this corridor.
However, Luo Zheng felt something strange from the burning flame.
"There seems to be a powerful soul in this flame!" Luo Zheng murmured as he stared at the torch.
To be able to make Luo Zheng feel oppressed, the strength of this soul was probably far beyond Luo Zheng's imagination!
"Is this the test?"
Luo Zheng didn't pay attention to the flame. He planned to go around it.