* Rumble … *
That flame suddenly bloomed in Luo Zheng's eyes!
This flame didn't feel like it was burning. It could even be said that it was originally a flame of nothingness, a flame that burned the soul!
However, the power contained within the flames was unimaginably enormous!
"Huff huff huff …"
The corridor suddenly disappeared in front of Luo Zheng's eyes …
It was replaced by a world of ice and snow!
The swirling cold wind contained an immeasurable amount of the Law of Ice!
"My soul was forcefully pulled into this world of ice and snow?"
Luo Zheng glanced at his hands. His body was shrouded in a jade-green radiance. Apparently, he was in his soul state.
"Ding ling ling …"
A crisp sound of a bell was heard.
Luo Zheng saw a small bell in the air!
"What's this bell …"
When the small bell appeared, a figure gradually condensed in the wind and snow.
It was a woman with a graceful figure who was draped in an emerald blue ribbon!
This woman's legs were bare. She danced in the endless cold and quietly stared at him!
"Kekekeke …"
The world of ice and snow was still fine. Luo Zheng's soul was strong enough to resist the cold.
But under this woman's indifferent gaze, Luo Zheng felt like he had fallen into a ten-thousand-year-old ice cellar. At this moment, Luo Zheng's soul seemed to be sealed. The surface of his soul was frozen, and a thin layer of frost appeared. At this moment, Luo Zheng was almost unable to think.
"What a strong Law of Ice. But this is just the comprehension released by the soul. It's just an illusion!"
Luo Zheng's eyes suddenly flashed, and the green light on the surface of his soul became even more intense!
"Crackle crackle …"
Countless cracks suddenly appeared on the frost on the surface of Luo Zheng's body. Then, with a burst of popping sounds, the fragments fell to the ground!
The woman floating in the air saw this scene, and a smile appeared on her face …
She took the bell in her hand and gently shook it. A large amount of snowflakes drifted down from the sky!
"Again?"
Luo Zheng's eyes suddenly turned cold. His figure flashed, and he rushed toward the woman!
The cold wind whistled in his ears. As Luo Zheng rushed forward, he saw that the woman only swayed slightly. Like a snowflake drifting in the air, she floated behind him!
She retreated as much as Luo Zheng advanced.
The two of them chased each other in this boundless space, but the distance between them couldn't be closed.
"This movement technique … It's familiar …"
Luo Zheng's brows furrowed, but there was a glimmer of light in his eyes!
Baqu Feiyan?
Only this kind of strange movement technique could allow the user to be as light as a feather and maintain a certain distance from him.
However, Luo Zheng had only been able to keep his opponent three inches away from him even though he had cultivated Eight Zigzags Flying Smoke. If he had an extremely powerful technique, he would be able to break through the three inches distance! For example, Ji Luoxue had once broken his Eight Winding Smoke!
Thinking of this, Luo Zheng's soul began to emit a white mist. He also used the Eight Winding Smoke!
"Hu …"
When Luo Zheng used the Eight Winding Smoke, he felt as light as a feather …
Strictly speaking, Smoke was not a movement technique. It was more like a body refining technique. It was just that it was the opposite of ordinary body refining techniques.
He made himself as light as a feather, like a wisp of smoke. If the wind blew, the smoke would also drift with the wind!
Therefore, Smoke relied on external forces and not one's own strength.
At this moment, Luo Zheng was using Eight Directional Smoke Flying. His speed was not fast, but the woman's speed was also slowed down. She was originally 'pushed' by Luo Zheng's momentum, but with Luo Zheng's slow drifting, the thrust produced was almost negligible. The woman could not borrow the force to move forward, and the distance between the two rapidly shrank!
The woman looked at Luo Zheng, who was slowly drifting over, and her face flashed with a trace of doubt.
"You … also know the Floating Technique?"
Since the woman appeared, she hadn't said anything. This was the first time she asked Luo Zheng.
"Floating Technique? Not at all! "
As the distance got closer, Luo Zheng stretched out his hand towards the small bell!
The woman's waist gently twisted, and the bell jingled. After avoiding Luo Zheng's probing, the snowflakes between heaven and earth suddenly became incomparably large. Each snowflake was the size of a washbasin. These huge snowflakes condensed together, forming a boulder-like hail that rapidly fell. For a moment, the world was filled with crisp sounds.
Luo Zheng and the woman both used Smoke and Smoke. They could safely avoid the hail, but because of the disturbance caused by the falling hail, Luo Zheng couldn't get close to the woman.
"Strange. You're clearly using the Floating Technique. Where did you learn this technique?" the woman asked.
Luo Zheng smiled. "Then tell me first. Who are you?"
Hearing this, the woman replied indifferently, "This is the Emperor's Corridor …"
"You're an Emperor?" Luo Zheng raised his eyebrows slightly.
"No." The woman shook her head. "I'm an imprint left behind by a True God."
"A True God?"
Hearing the woman's answer, Luo Zheng's expression suddenly changed.
Seeing the change in Luo Zheng's expression, the woman said indifferently, "This is your test. Although I'm just an imprint, I'll still test your soul …"
After saying this, the woman gently waved her hands. From the sky, rivers of ice poured down from the sky towards Luo Zheng!
This river of ice was ten zhang wide. The temperature here was extremely low. When the river of ice poured down, it condensed into a thick icicle in the sky and went straight towards Luo Zheng!
"Using the illusion of a True God to test my soul …"
Luo Zheng's face flashed with a cautious expression. Facing the falling river of ice, Luo Zheng suddenly swung his fist!
"Bang …"
When Luo Zheng's fist collided with the river of ice, a crack appeared at the bottom of the river of ice. In an instant, the crack spread, and the river of ice broke into countless pieces of ice and collapsed with a loud bang.
"Whoosh …"
Luo Zheng's figure suddenly flashed, and a second river of ice poured down!
"Bang!"
With a punch, the river of ice broke apart once again …
The woman quietly floated in the air, holding the small bell in her hand. Her expression was calm.
This space was still the memory of the Heavenly Dao. Although this woman had transcended the Heavenly Dao and become a True God, she was born from this Heavenly Dao. This memory was indelible.
"Before this, 1,400 martial artists had flown through here … but not a single one of them was compatible with my Divine Dao!"
The woman flicked her ten fingers, and blue sparkling lights flashed in the sky …
"Whoosh whoosh whoosh …"
Dozens of rivers of ice poured down again!
As Luo Zheng dodged, he shattered the rivers of ice one by one …
"Your Divine Dao? What Divine Dao is it? "Luo Zheng took the time to ask.
The woman's eyes flickered slightly, "I used ice as my face and was imprisoned in the river of ice for 100,000 years. In the end, I comprehended the Snow Imprint Divine Dao and obtained the Profound Ice Godhead. My name is Yu Han …"
This Illusory Battlefield was an excellent cultivation opportunity for ordinary martial artists.
Countless martial artists experienced life and death transformations, and after leaving the Illusory Battlefield, their strength would explosively increase.
However, to those core geniuses and proud sons of heaven, this wasn't much at all. Anything that could be done in the Illusory Battlefield could also be done in the Illusory Battlefield.
But what they obtained in the Illusory Battlefield was much more important than what ordinary martial artists obtained. For example, this Emperor's Corridor!
The Divine Dao was naturally the path to becoming a True God!
In this universe, those that could transcend the Heavenly Dao and become a True God were few and far between. There were also very few factions and family clans that possessed the ability to transcend the Divine Dao. In the entire universe, there were no more than ten of them. And martial artists that truly had the qualifications to cultivate this ability were even rarer.
These people were called Dao Children.
They were existences that surpassed the proud sons of heaven. Even if all the family clans and factions of the universe were gathered together, they would only be able to gather a few people.
Even some Empyreans themselves didn't have the qualifications, much less their descendants.
Luo Zheng had previously encountered Ji Luoxue. She was a proud son of heaven of the Ji Family and also the Ji Family's most likely candidate to become a Dao Child! And what the Ji Family possessed was the Five Elements Divine Dao!
And the most important symbol of becoming a Dao Child was the complete blossoming of the Mahayana Lotus Flower!
There were some martial artists that had just stepped into the Divine Sea realm or had opened a seven-leaf or even nine-leaf Lesser Mahayana Lotus Flower. But in their entire lives, they had never opened a Mahayana Lotus Flower.
There were also some martial artists that had opened a Mahayana Lotus Flower at the Divine Transformation realm. But in time, they had stepped into the World Lord realm and had even shouldered the mandate of heaven and opened all the Mahayana Lotus Flower leaves.
This sort of situation was called a life form that was limited by the Heavenly Dao. The vast majority of Empyreans were like this; they had no hope of stepping into the Divine Dao in their lifetime.
＝＝＝＝＝