The restrictions of the Heavenly Dao were almost unchangeable.
Some Empyrean powerhouses, in order to escape this restriction, had to pay a great price to refine a secret medicine that allowed them to escape the mystery of being in the womb and reincarnate with the memories of their previous lives.
They had to cultivate from the beginning. But when they reached the Life and Death Realm and opened their lotuses to cross minor heavenly tribulations, they still couldn't escape this restriction …
This was also why the great races attached so much importance to the Illusory Battlefield, and why so many proud sons of heaven were gathered.
Because only from this group of people could a True Divinity be born, and only then could they surpass the Heavenly Dao!
And now, all the possibilities were concentrated in the Divine Sea realm.
It wasn't that there weren't any geniuses in the Divine Transformation realm or the Divine Extreme realm. It was just that after the opening of this great world, many geniuses began to grow at an explosive rate. And, these geniuses were all concentrated in the Divine Sea realm. Most of their skeletal ages were between 20 and 40 years old …
So, some people called this generation the Golden Generation.
Snow Seal Divine Dao …
Cold Rain …
Luo Zheng's eyes flashed.
This woman probably wasn't from this era. He had never heard of this name before.
But at this moment, Luo Zheng grasped this opportunity to stare at the woman and ask, "After surpassing the Heavenly Dao and becoming a True Divinity, where will they go?"
Luo Zheng now had a rough idea of where Luo Yan was. Although the mysterious woman had promised to help him inquire about Luo Yan, she hadn't given him a response.
Thinking about it, the young man who took away Luo Yan was also a True Divinity existence. Then, after these True Divinities surpassed the Heavenly Dao, where did they go? It couldn't be in the chaos …
"The Divine Realm, the endless Divine Realm," the woman indifferently replied.
"The Divine Realm!"
Luo Zheng firmly engraved these two words in his mind.
At this moment, the rivers of ice that were pouring down had already stopped …
She placed her finger on the small bell and gently shook it again.
The blizzard stopped in an instant, and the whole world fell into silence. It was like the silence after a heavy snowfall in the middle of winter.
In this world, there was only Luo Zheng, and besides him, there was only a vast expanse of white …
At this moment, an invisible chill rushed towards Luo Zheng!
This chill directly penetrated Luo Zheng's spine and spread throughout his entire body. At this moment, his soul was frozen from the inside out, and he no longer had any strength to resist.
What he faced was absolute coldness!
At this temperature, not only did the energy completely disappear, even the mass disappeared.
Under this strange temperature, even the frozen ice and snow were extremely warm to Luo Zheng...
After the time it took for an incense stick to burn, the temperature began to rise. At the same time, the woman let out a soft sigh. "You are not compatible with the Snow Seal Divine Dao …"
Boom!
At the same time, a flame exploded in Luo Zheng's mind!
When he came back to his senses, everything in front of him suddenly disappeared. The lamp on the wall was still hanging there, emitting a lustrous light, illuminating the Emperor's Corridor.
Each lamp contained the imprint of a True God …
This kind of experience was indeed crucial to martial artists.
If a martial artist majored in ice-type cultivation methods, they would be able to comprehend a lot in that absolute coldness!
It was a pity that Ning Yudie didn't have the opportunity to enter this place. She majored in ice-type cultivation methods, and although the probability was very low, it wasn't impossible for her to be compatible with the Snow Seal Divine Dao.
The Real God named Yu Han had mentioned Divinity earlier on. However, he did not know what Divinity was.
If he returned to the immortal mansion, Luo Zheng would probably have to ask the Book Immortal and the others for guidance …
If he wanted to surpass the Heavenly Dao and pursue the Realm of the Gods, these things would be of utmost importance to Luo Zheng.
After pondering for a while, Luo Zheng walked past the lamp and continued forward.
Before he'd taken two steps, he discovered a series of engraved murals on the walls of the Emperor's Corridor.
The first mural depicted the birth of a baby girl. On that day, snow filled the sky, and there was an eclipse of the sun in the sky …
In the second mural, the baby girl had already grown up, stepped onto the martial path, and pursued the ultimate power …
The third mural …
"I understand now. The life of this True God is recorded in these murals."
After being titled as a True God, the Heavenly Dao would actually engrave these murals …
As Luo Zheng walked forward, he looked at these murals.
From this girl's step onto the martial path, to being valued, to opening the lotus flower, and so on, it was all recorded in the murals.
"When this girl entered the Life and Death Realm, she only opened one lotus leaf of the Hinayana Lotus Flower?"
Luo Zheng's face revealed a strange expression.
In the Upper Realm, the number of lotus leaves was regarded as the possibility of surpassing the Heavenly Dao. The more lotus leaves opened, the greater the possibility, and to a certain extent, it was equivalent to talent!
One lotus leaf belonged to a very ordinary genius. Even in ordinary tenth-rank Holy Lands, they wouldn't be regarded as a core disciple.
Just like now, any core disciple in a tenth-rank Holy Land would open five or even seven lotus leaves.
However, as he continued forward, Luo Zheng understood why this girl could become a True God.
Every time this girl experienced a heavenly tribulation, she would open one lotus leaf very steadily. After she passed nine minor heavenly tribulations, the Hinayana Lotus Flower would open nine lotus leaves!
As for the three incarnations, Divine Sea Realm, Extreme God Realm, and Divine Transformation Realm, she would open one lotus leaf for every heavenly tribulation …
Finally, the Mahayana Lotus Flower and Hinayana Lotus Flower would open completely, and she would become a Dao Child.
However, she became a Dao Child relatively late. She was already at the late stage of the Divine Transformation Realm, which was equivalent to a half-step Realm Lord.
As he looked at the murals, Luo Zheng sighed slightly.
When Luo Zheng went through his first minor heavenly tribulation, he had already opened 35 lotus leaves. The Mahayana Lotus Flower was only missing the final lotus leaf.
However, after enduring the heavenly tribulations, Luo Zheng's cultivation had increased a lot, but the final lotus leaf still hadn't bloomed.
Only by opening the final lotus leaf could one become a Dao Child!
Luo Zheng didn't know when the final lotus leaf would open …
As he walked past the murals, he saw the most exciting scenes in this girl's life, including the scene where she traveled through the universe and became a True God.
When Luo Zheng finished looking at the final mural, a torch appeared in front of him!
Luo Zheng stared at the torch, which also exuded a strong aura. However, this aura was different from the aura of the True God from before. This torch contained an extremely domineering will, which was an aura that looked down on the world!
"This flame also contains the imprint of another True God …"
Thinking of this, Luo Zheng took another step forward!
"Boom!"
The flame suddenly exploded, enveloping Luo Zheng once again.
At this moment, Luo Zheng was standing on an empty battlefield. In front of him was a lone city, and behind him was an army of thousands of men and horses!
In front of the gates of the lone city stood a tall and sturdy Demon Race martial artist with a large saber in his hand. The army of thousands of men and horses were also Demon Race martial artists.
That extremely domineering aura was emitted by this Demon Race martial artist!
"Attack the city!"
With a command, countless Demon Race martial artists began to roar and attack the city.
"This is … an internal war of the Demon Race?"
Luo Zheng's gaze sharpened slightly.
"Haha!"
With an earth-shaking laugh, the saber-wielding Demon Race martial artist swung his saber horizontally, resisting the army of thousands of men and horses with his strength alone!
"The aura of tens of thousands of martial artists, but it's not just one person. This person … is the True God of the second lamp?"
Just as Yu Han had said, every single lamp in the Emperor's Promenade had the mark of a True God recorded within it. These True Gods had been born within this universe, and they were memories that the Heaven Dao wouldn't obliterate.
"Kill!"
"Kill!"
"Kill!"
The soldiers roared. They were like a tide, not only surging towards the True God, but also towards Luo Zheng!
The first Demon Race martial artist rushed towards Luo Zheng. His figure flashed slightly, and he snatched the sword from the other party's hand. His eyes flashed slightly, and the huge sword reverberated. Instantly, more than a dozen Demon Race martial artists' heads flew into the sky, decapitated by Luo Zheng's sword!
But at this moment, Luo Zheng felt a strong sense of danger from behind him. In an instant, he rolled forward and lay flat on the ground!
"Whoosh —"
It was a huge saber aura that spread out.
This saber aura spread three feet above the ground. After Luo Zheng lay down, the saber aura shot past the tip of his nose!