In this soul environment, what was displayed was not the strength of a True God …
Instead, it contained his Dao, allowing the martial artist to personally enter and comprehend his Divine Dao!
A single person guarding a lone city, using one blade to resist an army of thousands!
From the body of this Demon Race martial artist, there was a domineering aura of supremacy between heaven and earth.
After this blade strike, no one in the Demon Race army stood up.
Of course, Luo Zheng was an exception …
However, after Luo Zheng dodged the blade energy and stood up, the Demon Race martial artist's gaze fell on Luo Zheng!
The moment the Demon Race martial artist stared at him, Luo Zheng felt an enormous pressure!
"You … why aren't you lying down!"
The Demon Race martial artist roared, causing Luo Zheng's soul to tremble incessantly.
However, Luo Zheng's gaze was resolute, and he indifferently replied, "I didn't break my legs, so naturally, I won't lie down."
"If you don't want to lie down, then kneel!"
"Whoosh!"
The Demon Race martial artist waved the long blade in his hand, pointing it at Luo Zheng from afar, and the large blade pressed down on him!
This blade did not press down on Luo Zheng's body.
However, Luo Zheng instantly felt an enormous pressure pressing down on his shoulders!
Under the suppression of this enormous force, Luo Zheng's knees slightly softened. This pressure contained a fierce and domineering aura, as if a mountain was pressing down on Luo Zheng's body.
At this moment, Luo Zheng was in a soul body, and the power of this pressure was not real power, so he naturally could not use the power of the dragon scales to resist.
"Why aren't you kneeling down and submitting to me!"
The Demon Race martial artist roared!
The large blade pressed down by another two points, and the pressure increased by another two points. Naturally, the force Luo Zheng had to bear also increased by another two points!
In the face of such power, Luo Zheng straightened his legs, but still firmly stood in place. His eyes were fixed on the Demon Race martial artist, and there was not the slightest hint of compromise on his face.
"I, Luo Zheng, don't kneel to the heavens, don't kneel to the earth, and have no regrets in my life. How can I kneel to you!" Luo Zheng said coldly, and his body straightened even more!
The Demon Race martial artist sneered, "If you don't kneel, then die!"
"Whoosh!"
The large blade was brandished!
An incomparably thick blade energy, wrapped in a supreme aura, fiercely slashing towards Luo Zheng!
"Humph!"
Luo Zheng also tit for tat.
Although the giant sword he had disarmed from the demon soldier wasn't suitable for use, in a battle on the soul level, it was originally a battle of momentum.
He Luo Zheng Yang Luo Zheng.
"Bang!"
Luo Zheng's Sword Intent slashed out and collided with that thick Saber Qi, but was instantly annihilated. The strength of the two was clearly not on the same level!
Seeing this scene, Luo Zheng's eyes slightly narrowed, and he retreated a few feet.
The moment he retreated, Luo Zheng's eyes suddenly changed. All the emotions in his eyes had disappeared, and they were replaced by extreme coldness!
"Yi Shen Sword!"
"Xiu!"
The Yi Shen Sword was originally a sword move that was based on the comprehension of the soul level.
Now that Luo Zheng was in the soul state, it was equivalent to removing the burden of the physical body. This Yi Shen Sword was driven by emotion, and this sword move was even purer!
"Bang …"
The huge blade energy collided with Luo Zheng's sharp sword intent, and a muffled sound erupted.
Although this sword intent was small, it was invincible. Under this collision, it forcibly cut open a crack in the blade energy.
When the blade energy spread to Luo Zheng, Luo Zheng naturally drilled through the crack …
"Huh?"
This time, it was the demon warrior's turn to be surprised.
He was a mark of a True God. Although he didn't have the strength of a True God, when he slashed out, the blade energy was displayed to the extreme. How could it be so easily broken by this junior in front of him?
"Whoosh!"
The demon warrior slashed out again.
It was another overbearing blade energy!
Facing the blade energy, Luo Zheng's face was expressionless. He waved the huge sword in his hand again, and broke the blade energy again!
After breaking the blade energy of the demon warrior twice in a row, the demon warrior laughed heartily. He carried the long blade on his body and suddenly stepped forward, heading straight for Luo Zheng!
Seeing the demon warrior heading straight for him, Luo Zheng's face was indifferent. His long sword circled in the air, and once again stabbed towards the demon warrior!
"Yi Shen Sword!"
This True God powerhouse, even if it was just a mark, was an existence that Luo Zheng couldn't defeat.
But this Emperor's Corridor was ultimately just a test. What Luo Zheng could do was to unleash his strength to the extreme.
He believed that if even he couldn't pass through this Emperor's Corridor, there probably wouldn't be many people who could pass through this Illusory Battlefield. Moreover, when he passed through the first torch, that girl called Yuhan did not compete with him. After all, this was a test and comprehension of the Divine Way!
"Clang!"
When the blade and sword collided, a crisp sound erupted.
Luo Zheng's figure suddenly retreated, and then slashed out again!
"Yi Shen Sword!"
The Yi Shen Sword only had one sword move. It was to turn complexity into simplicity, but there was complexity within simplicity.
To be able to break through ten thousand moves by severing emotions …
Back then, Empyrean Yi Jian was able to contend against a True God with the strength of an Empyrean. The power of this sword could be imagined!
"Clang!"
"Clang!"
"Clang!"
"…"
Under the collision of the blade and sword, the surprise in the demon warrior's eyes became more and more intense.
Ever since the Emperor's Corridor opened, many arrogant young boys had passed through here …
Making these juniors kneel down was really not a simple matter.
But not a single person was able to exchange so many moves with him. Furthermore, he also discovered that this brat's sword intent contained an aura that was actually not much weaker than his!
In the eyes of this True God, this was a very miraculous thing.
After all, his blade contained the power of a tyrant. He used this to prove his Divine Way!
A Divine Sea Realm brat, what right did he have to contend with him with one sword move?
"What sword art are you cultivating?" the demon warrior asked in a cold voice.
"Don't recognize it?" Luo Zheng smiled slightly, the longsword in his hand slashing out again, "Want to learn, I can teach you!"
"Clang!"
The blade and sword collided.
"Good, good, good! Even more arrogant than this old man was back then! "Hearing Luo Zheng's words, this demon warrior did not get angry but laughed instead. There was even a look of appreciation in his eyes.
But it was under this blade that the enormous sword in Luo Zheng's hand shattered with a loud bang.
This enormous sword that he had seized at the last moment was actually a mediocre weapon. Under this collision, it shattered …
Seeing this scene, the demon warrior took advantage of the situation and rushed forward. The purpose of his existence was not to kill Luo Zheng. In the blink of an eye, he gently flicked his longsword. Not far from him, a sword on the ground flew towards Luo Zheng!
"I don't believe that you can break this move of mine! Hold your sword well! "
After he finished speaking, the Demon Race cultivator slashed his long blade toward the sky!
One slash! Two slashes! Three slashes …
The thick dark clouds in the sky were split by his blade energy!
After these slashes, the demon warrior coldly said, "The blade is the tyrant. What I have pursued all my life is the power of a tyrant. I entered the Dao with the blade, which is to dominate the Divine Way! And to obtain the Vajra Godhead! My name is Mo Chen! "
When his voice fell, the thick clouds were cut apart. A ray of sunlight broke through the clouds, but it was as if the clouds were parted to reveal the fog!
At the same time …
Invisible blade energy descended from the sky and gathered on Luo Zheng's body!
"Buzz buzz buzz …"
Luo Zheng pointed his longsword towards the sky. His expression did not change in the slightest.
The imposing manner of the blade energy was astonishing. This domineering aura blended into the heavens and the earth. Luo Zheng was still unmoved.
Severing emotions meant severing all emotions!
In the face of the blade energy descending from the sky, although Luo Zheng was insignificant, he gave people a feeling of looking down on the common people. Even if the pressure was greater, Luo Zheng still ignored it!
"Whoosh whoosh whoosh whoosh whoosh …"
Countless blade energies descended!
They constantly surged around Luo Zheng!
These blade energies were like torrents in a river, and Luo Zheng was like a boulder in the middle of these torrents, standing tall and unmoving. These torrents could not do anything to Luo Zheng. Naturally, they separated to two sides …
After a long time, the thick aura in the sky closed again.
There was no blade energy descending from the sky …
Luo Zheng looked at the True God named Mo Chen in front of him. He had already exited the state of severing emotions, and his eyes were a little more lively!
Mo Chen noticed the change in Luo Zheng and laughed, "You are not suitable for my Divine Way! Moreover … you already have your own Divine Way. However, the Divine Way that you cultivate is destined to be in vain! "