In the universe, there was an invisible limit to power.
For example, when cultivating the Law of Fire, the highest level was the tenth level, and the tenth level was perfection.
However, a Divine Sea Realm martial artist could reach the fifth level at most. An Extreme Divine Realm martial artist could reach the sixth level, a Divine Transformation Realm martial artist could reach the seventh level, a Sector Lord martial artist could reach the eighth level, and a Celestial Venerable martial artist could reach the ninth level!
This was the power of the boundary, and it was difficult to cross.
However, some Celestial Venerables who inherited the Mandate of Heaven regarding the Law of Fire could cultivate the Law of Fire to perfection, which was the tenth level of the Law of Fire.
This kind of perfection referred to the perfection under the Heavenly Way, but it was not the real perfection.
There was a higher level above the tenth level, which was a height that countless creatures in the universe could not touch or even understand.
To reach this level, one had to cross the Heavenly Way and become a True God.
However, not everyone could cultivate to become a True God.
The lotus flower floating above the heads of many martial artists directly announced the possibility of crossing the Heavenly Way.
Every martial artist cultivated a different Divine Path.
For example, the Five Elements Divine Path, the Snow Seal Divine Path …
"If I'm not wrong, you're cultivating the Emotion Severing Divine Path!" Mo Chen said lightly.
"Emotion severing … is a Divine Path?" Luo Zheng was slightly stunned.
Luo Zheng had faintly touched the essence of the Emotion Severing Divine Path, which was why he could use the Yi Sword to such an effect. However, he did not know that the Emotion Severing Divine Path was also a way to prove one's Dao. He thought it was just a method that he had comprehended from the Yi Sword.
"Yes, the Emotion Severing Divine Path is an extremely powerful Divine Path … but it is also a forbidden Dao!" Mo Chen continued, "If you really succeed in cultivating this Dao, you will attract the wrath of the Gods. This Dao cannot be taken!"
Mo Chen's character was a typical ambitious and ruthless person. In the beginning, he was also a fearless existence in the universe. He had used his wild nature to create a domineering Divine Path, which gave rise to an extreme comprehension.
However, when he mentioned the Emotion Severing Divine Path, his face revealed a cautious expression.
"Is that so?"
Luo Zheng's eyes flickered slightly.
His character was completely different from Mo Chen's. He was naturally not as arrogant as Mo Chen, but Luo Zheng's heart of martial arts was extremely tenacious.
In the face of the True God's advice, Luo Zheng would think carefully, but these words could not change Luo Zheng's original intention.
Mo Chen guessed Luo Zheng's thoughts. He laughed and waved his saber. "That's all I have to say. You … go!"
"Boom …"
This isolated city, this battlefield, and the demon army lying on the ground suddenly dissipated. Luo Zheng once more returned to the Emperor's Promenade.
However, Mo Chen's soul imprint was watching Luo Zheng's departing figure within the rising flames above the torch, and he continued to ponder …
"This person is Fateless."
"It just so happens that the Fateless cultivates the Emotion-Severing Divine Dao …"
"That's not right. He's not really a fateless person. His fate must have been concealed by someone using a great divine ability. He's trying to steal the sky and change the sun …"
"What is their true goal?"
"…"
Luo Zheng did not know that Mo Chen was thinking about this.
He just strolled in the promenade and continued to observe the murals on both sides of the promenade.
These murals recorded Mo Chen's life.
This person was also a big anomaly in the Demon Clan. His life was extremely bumpy, and he was rejected by the Demon Clan. Because the Demon Clan was in danger, he returned to the Demon Clan and saved the Demon Clan with his own strength … All of these were recorded in the form of murals.
Of course, one of the murals was the scene that Luo Zheng experienced in the flame illusion.
Mo Chen had once guarded an isolated city by himself. Moreover, he had faced an army of tens of millions of Devil Race soldiers alone. And, he had defended that isolated city for three whole years!
"This person became a True God by no means by chance. Others may rely on luck to become a True God, but this person's luck is extremely bad. In the end, he still achieved such an achievement. It's admirable and lamentable!"
Luo Zheng did not reject all the Demon Clan. Although almost none of the Demon Clan warriors that Luo Zheng encountered were good people, this clan had always had its own way of doing things.
As he continued to move forward, another torch appeared in the promenade ahead …
The third True God, Shen Wuyue …
He entered the Divine Dao with his own Divine Martial Art. He was born six eras ago. Cycle after cycle of Heavenly Dao destruction reincarnation. Even if he was a True God, he would be forgotten by history.
The fourth True God, Lan, entered the Divine Dao of Absolute Killing …
He was born three eras ago, and he was the Supreme of the Demon Night Clan …
The fifth True God …
Luo Zheng walked further and further in the Emperor's Promenade.
Under the aura of these True Gods, he felt their determination and characteristics to enter the Dao.
"Perhaps these True Gods pursue different things, and their personalities are completely different. However, in the end, they all have a heart that pursues the pinnacle and even surpasses the pinnacle!"
"It's also with the support of such great perseverance that they have the possibility of crossing the Heavenly Dao."
"I … won't give up."
Just as Mo Chen said, the Emotion Severing Divine Dao wasn't chosen by Luo Zheng. However, since he had already embarked on this path, Luo Zheng didn't have the slightest bit of regret in his heart. This was the obsession Luo Zheng possessed.
The sixth True God …
The seventh …
The deeper he went, the stronger the aura emitted by the Emperor's Promenade became.
Even True Gods were divided into strong and weak.
From their aura, one could judge their true strength.
The further one went, the stronger their strength would be, and the more difficult the test would be.
However, in the end, none of them had a Divine Dao that suited Luo Zheng.
The eighth …
The ninth …
The tenth …
Luo Zheng's gaze was fixed on the flame in front of him.
The flame flickered at an extremely fast speed, swaying rapidly in Luo Zheng's eyes.
At the same time, Luo Zheng felt a familiar feeling from the soul in the flame.
"This flame …"
Without thinking too much, Luo Zheng took another step forward.
"Boom …"
The flame once again exploded in front of Luo Zheng's eyes.
When Luo Zheng opened his eyes, his face immediately revealed a look of surprise.
On top of a mountain, there were countless long swords inserted …
Slaughter … Sword Mountain!
When Luo Zheng had comprehended the perfect sword intent, he had entered the Slaughter Sword Mountain.
He had never thought that he would actually return to the Slaughter Sword Mountain in this flame.
No, this wasn't the real Slaughter Sword Mountain.
It was just an environment created by the soul imprint of knowledge …
In this Emperor's Promenade, Luo Zheng observed very carefully.
The illusions created by the soul imprints of these True Gods should be the scenes that left the deepest impression in the universe.
For example, Mo Chen guarding the lonely city, or Yu Han's Snowfall Domain. These were probably the indelible impressions left by these True Gods.
The Slaughter Sword Mountain …
It was only born in this cycle of evolution.
As for the person who had an indelible imprint on the Slaughter Sword Mountain …
Yi Jian Tianzun!
This name suddenly appeared in Luo Zheng's mind.
The Yi Jian Tianzun had left behind a poem in the Orange Sea Realm, which was to integrate his extreme comprehension of the Yi God's sword into it.
It was said that this Sky Sovereign had already disappeared?
If he died, his destiny would dissipate and condense a new crown of destiny.
From this point, it could be determined that the Yi Jian Tianzun was not dead.
Since he saw the Slaughter Sword Mountain here, did that mean that the Yi Jian Tianzun had already become a True God? Furthermore, he had also become a True God using the Emotion Severing Divine Dao?
This was only Luo Zheng's own judgment. Perhaps there were other top figures in the Slaughter Sword Mountain who had climbed the True God Dao. They might not necessarily be the Yi Jian Tianzun …
It was just that Luo Zheng felt that this was the most likely possibility.
Standing at the foot of the mountain, Luo Zheng raised his head to look at the top of the mountain. He saw a faint figure on the peak of the Slaughter Sword Mountain.
"Climb up!"
Regardless of whether or not this person was the Yi Jian Tianzun, Luo Zheng would still investigate.
"Whoosh …"
When Luo Zheng advanced, a sword rose from the ground and flew towards Luo Zheng.
It was just a Profound Artifact.
Luo Zheng extended two fingers and clamped the tip of the sword into his fingertips. The Profound Artifact was unable to move, and with a light shake of his wrist, the Profound Artifact lost its spirit.
He carried this ordinary longsword and slowly walked up the mountain.
Back then, when Luo Zheng climbed up the Slaughter Sword Mountain, every step was filled with fear, but now, it was as if he had stepped into an uninhabited land. The swords rose from the ground and shot towards him, but Luo Zheng casually pushed them away, as if they were weak and powerless willows.
Even though it was only an illusion and not the real Slaughter Sword Mountain, Luo Zheng still felt a lot of emotions.
＝＝＝＝＝