Not long after, Luo Zheng was already halfway up the mountain.
His eyes were fixed on something not far away …
It was here that Luo Zheng had encountered the smoke of that longsword.
But now, he didn't see it.
After walking a few dozen feet forward, Luo Zheng threw his long sword here. But now, Luo Zheng still didn't see it.
"This illusion isn't the real Slaughter Sword Mountain. It came from the soul imprint of the True God. I'm afraid it's a scene from a long time ago. Maybe a hundred thousand years, a million years, or even ten million years ago. It's impossible to find my long sword …"
"Whoosh whoosh whoosh whoosh whoosh …"
Those long swords soared into the sky one by one.
At the halfway point of the mountain, the long swords attacking Luo Zheng were immortal long swords …
"Ding ding ding ding …"
Luo Zheng waved the profound long sword in his hand, shaking off those long swords one by one, and continued to move forward.
He wanted to climb to the top of the mountain to see that person.
Immortal weapon, sacred weapon, divine weapon, third grade, second grade, first grade …
The higher he went, the higher the grade of the long swords stuck in the mountain, and the sharper the attacks formed by the long swords.
Moreover, there were a variety of attacking methods.
Even in the Way of the Sword, there were countless Ways of the Sword.
"Emotion Severing Divine Dao … Strictly speaking, it's also a kind of Way of the Sword. But I don't know if I can achieve the Divine Dao by practicing other Ways of the Sword."
This question suddenly hovered in Luo Zheng's mind …
Just like those True Gods he had met before, they had all stepped into the Divine Dao. Didn't it mean that there was no specific cultivation method for the Divine Dao?
As long as one cultivated a method to the extreme, surpassing the limit of the Way of the Heavens, could one achieve the Divine Dao?
Then wouldn't there be countless Divine Dao in the world?
Why … was the Emotion Severing Divine Dao called the Forbidden Dao?
Amidst his chaotic thoughts, Luo Zheng gradually walked to the top of the mountain.
On the top of the mountain sat a middle-aged man with a long beard. This middle-aged man with a long beard sat upright, and beside him floated a short sword.
The short sword was two and a half feet long, white in color. The body of the sword was simple and unadorned, and its sharpness was restrained, making people unable to see any clues.
"Two Feet Godly Sword!"
Luo Zheng raised his eyebrows slightly.
Although he had already guessed that the person at the peak of the mountain was the Sword-fighting Empyrean, when he saw the two foot long Yi god sword that Yun Luo had mentioned before, it could be considered as confirming his identity.
However …
Since this Sword-fighting Empyrean had appeared in the Emperor's Corridor, then he should be called Sword-fighting True God!
"Buzz buzz buzz …"
The white Two Chi Godly Sword suddenly began to hum. It circled in the air and flew towards Luo Zheng.
Luo Zheng was very familiar with this white dagger.
Back then, in front of the huge rock in the Orange Sea Realm, Luo Zheng was also ravaged by this white sword shadow.
Seeing the sword flying towards him, Luo Zheng did not hesitate at all. He lightly blocked the sword with the profound weapon in his hand.
How could a Xuan Tool long sword clash with this Two Chi Shen Yi Sword?
With a "dang" sound, it instantly shattered …
Luo Zheng's expression didn't change at all. He raised his hand and another long sword appeared in his hand.
This sword was a first grade divine artifact that he had just captured.
However, there was no supreme artifact in this Killing Swords Mountain. Presumably, martial artists who possessed a supreme artifact did not need to enter the Killing Swords Mountain to comprehend it. Naturally, they would not insert their swords here.
"Ding!" Ding! "Ding!"
Immediately after, Luo Zheng brandished his sword and clashed with the two foot long Yi god sword three times!
From beginning to end, the Sword-fighting Empyrean had never opened his eyes, as if he was not interested in Luo Zheng.
On the contrary, Luo Zheng was not interested in the previous Empyreans, but he was extremely interested in this Sword-fighting Empyrean …
However, at this moment, the two foot long Yi god sword automatically protected its master. Every time Luo Zheng wanted to walk up to the peak of the mountain, it would be forced back by the two foot long Yi god sword.
Even if Luo Zheng used the Formless Technique, he could only barely block the two foot long Yi god sword. However, the Sword-fighting Empyrean still did not open his eyes to take a look.
Seeing this scene, Luo Zheng frowned. His gaze focused slightly, and a sword intent that was jumping around suddenly shot out!
Yi God's Sword!
Luo Zheng would only use this sword move in moments of crisis.
Even when he was fighting against Ji Luoxue, he had never used it. However, facing these True Gods, Luo Zheng would not hold back in the slightest. He did not have the qualifications to hold back.
"Ding!"
After this sword thrust out, the power contained within it directly sent the two foot long Yi god sword flying!
When Luo Zheng slashed out with this sword.
The Sword-fighting Empyrean suddenly opened his eyes …
There was even a trace of astonishment in his eyes.
Luo Zheng clasped his hands together and kowtowed to the Sword-fighting Empyrean, then slowly walked forward.
Before he could say anything, the Sword-fighting Empyrean had already spoken, "You, what is your name?"
"Junior, Luo Zheng," Luo Zheng replied indifferently.
"You know who I am?" the Sword-fighting Empyrean asked.
"Sword-fighting Empyrean," Luo Zheng replied.
The Sword-fighting Empyrean stared at Luo Zheng, and after a few breaths of time, he said: "My name is Chen Huang Yi Jian, and I use the sword to prove my Dao and enter the Emotion Severing Divine Dao …"
Empyrean was only his title, Chen Huang Yi Jian was his real name.
Now that he had become a True God, it was no longer appropriate for him to be called an Empyrean.
"You, you seem to have walked on my path of the sword?" The Sword-fighting Empyrean stared at Luo Zheng and asked.
"Yes, Senior Sword-fighting." Luo Zheng nodded.
Chen Huang Yi Jian's face revealed a trace of a smile. He was still sitting upright on the mountain peak. With a grab of his hand, the two foot long Yi god sword flew back into his hand. After holding the sword in his hand, he thrusted it towards Luo Zheng.
On this sword, there was a green light hidden within.
This green light was also a sword intent …
But this sword intent was a thousand times purer than the sword intent Luo Zheng had comprehended!
This was the pinnacle of sword intent!
Facing this sword, Luo Zheng did not hesitate in the slightest.
He did not feel any killing intent from Chen Huang Yi Jian, and knew that the other party was only probing. He also thrusted his sword out.
The sword techniques of the two were almost exactly the same, and the simplest sword was also the pinnacle sword. It was just that Luo Zheng's comprehension of the Yi god sword was still lacking, and his sword intent had not been reborn to the pinnacle.
The two swords did not collide.
Chen Huang Yi Jian's sword stabbed halfway, then retracted. But in the instant it retracted, the two foot long Yi god sword stabbed out again.
Luo Zheng also did not hesitate. Chen Huang Yi Jian's sword retracted, and Luo Zheng also retracted. Chen Huang Yi Jian's sword stabbed out, and Luo Zheng also stabbed out …
These two people were stabbing at each other across the air, but there was no substantial sword technique!
One sword …
Ten swords …
One hundred swords …
One thousand swords …
Ten thousand swords …
One hundred thousand swords …
Time was already empty at this moment.
Luo Zheng did not know fatigue, and Chen Huang Yi Jian was also quite patient.
This was a test, and also a kind of training, but also a kind of silent teaching!
After a million swords.
Chen Huang Yi Jian suddenly retracted his hand, and looked at Luo Zheng indifferently, "If I did not see it with my own eyes, I would never believe that someone could see through the poem I left behind …"
"This junior is just a coincidence," Luo Zheng replied.
"No," Chen Huang Yi Jian smiled faintly, "No, the number of destiny can also be fixed. Someone is pushing you from behind."
Hearing this, Luo Zheng's face showed a puzzled look. He did not understand, "Pushing me from behind?"
"I don't know who it is … and I don't know what he is planning, but this is the arrangement of this person," Chen Huang Yi Jian continued.
At this point, Luo Zheng frowned. He did not understand the mystery in Chen Huang Yi Jian's words, but he faintly felt a trace of uneasiness.
He was not a fatalist. Even if he was in an irreversible adversity, he would still use his last bit of strength. At least, his fate was always in his own hands.
But from Chen Huang Yijian's words, there was another explanation. Was there someone behind him arranging his fate?
Seeing Luo Zheng's slightly conflicted expression, Chen Huang Yijian only faintly smiled, "This is not a question I want to discuss with you, and I don't care …" Then he opened his mouth and asked, "How many lotus leaves have you opened?"
"Nine-leaf Lesser Ascension, twenty-six Greater Ascension," Luo Zheng answered truthfully.
Hearing Luo Zheng's answer, Chen Huang Yi Jian nodded again, and a look of approval appeared on his face, "Not bad, the Divine Sea realm has opened thirty-five leaves. It won't be long before you become a Daoist disciple, not bad, not bad …"