Chen Huang Yijian did not have much interest in the martial artists that passed through the Emperor's Corridor.
He had entered the Divine Path by severing emotions, and he knew that this was a forbidden path. He had long since extinguished his heart of inheritance.
So along the way, there were many martial artists that passed by his torch, but he never opened his eyes to look at them.
There were some sword geniuses with firm hearts who forced their way up the mountain, but they were chased away by his two-foot Yi Divine Sword.
But here, he met a fellow who had comprehended the Yi Divine Sword.
And the degree of comprehension was not low either!
It had reached 99%, with only one point left to perfection!
And this fellow had not only comprehended the Yi Divine Sword, but also opened 35 lotus leaves, still only one leaf left to perfection.
In Chen Huang Yijian's eyes, Luo Zheng was like a perfect jade wall with a missing corner.
That last corner was in his hands. He only needed to reach out and gently close that corner, and it would be perfect!
Facing Chen Huang Yijian's praise, Luo Zheng did not speak, only standing in place.
Chen Huang Yijian looked up and down at Luo Zheng, then asked, "Have you ever had a master?"
"Yes," Luo Zheng answered truthfully.
Hearing this answer, Chen Huang Yijian's eyes flashed with disappointment, but then he smiled faintly. He had taught Luo Zheng the Yi Divine Sword, so he could be considered Luo Zheng's half master.
"Do you know that the Severing Emotions Divine Path is a forbidden path?" Chen Huang Yijian continued to ask.
Luo Zheng nodded, "I just found out not long ago."
"Then do you know why the Severing Emotions Divine Path is a forbidden path?" Chen Huang Yijian asked again.
"I don't know."
Luo Zheng was only at the Divine Sea Realm. With his current understanding of cultivation, he had reached the Extreme Divine Realm at most. He knew that after the Extreme Divine Realm was opened, he could nurture life in his body. As for the difference between the Divine Transformation Realm, World Lord, and Empyrean, he knew nothing.
As for the various Divine Daos, he only knew their names. As for what they truly represented, he was like an ignorant child who had absolutely no understanding of the ways of the world.
"You don't know? That's good," Chen Huang Yijian did not intend to explain to Luo Zheng. He only said, "Your Yi Shen Sword is almost perfect, but there is still one thing missing. Do you know what that is missing?"
Hearing this, Luo Zheng's expression became extremely serious.
Six years ago, Luo Zheng had already mastered the Yi Shen Sword to ninety-nine percent completion. However, when this sword was unleashed, he always had a trace of regret and was unable to achieve perfection.
In these six years, other than cultivating the Eight Winding Smoke, Thunder Calamity Kill, and Ten Thousand Laws Enemy Book, he was also constantly comprehending.
However, after six years, Luo Zheng was stuck in a predicament with no progress at all.
Xun had thought of a solution for him, and Qinglong had also given him advice …
Even with Luo Zheng's talent, he still couldn't comprehend it after spending six years.
Luo Zheng had considered all the directions and methods, but there was still no progress.
Qinglong told Luo Zheng that this last point probably did not lie with Luo Zheng. Since he could not comprehend it himself, then he had to find an external cause.
"Senior Yi Jian, please enlighten me," Luo Zheng said seriously.
Yi Jian Tianzun said indifferently, "If you want to know, then make a trip to the Sword Manor … there, you can solve the doubts in your heart."
The Sword Manor was not a tenth rank Holy Land.
At first, this Sword Manor was a group of independent sword cultivators gathered together and established a power.
After countless years of development, focusing on the path of the sword, the Sword Manor also gradually evolved into a huge power.
However, the person who truly allowed the Sword Manor to have a place in the universe was naturally Chen Huang Yijian!
The Sword Manor today had long become the Holy Land of the sword cultivators in the universe!
And the Slaughtering Sword Mountain was in the Sword Manor.
"Sword Manor …" Luo Zheng firmly remembered these two words in his mind.
At this moment, Chen Huang Yijian waved his hand, and the two foot long Yi Shen Sword flew towards Luo Zheng. However, it abruptly stopped beside Luo Zheng.
A green light appeared on the tip of the sword, and it continuously danced on Luo Zheng's arm!
Not long after, a sword shaped pattern emitting green light was left on Luo Zheng's arm. After that pattern flickered for a while, it naturally disappeared into Luo Zheng's arm.
"I … can only do this," Chen Huang Yijian sighed softly, and a complicated look appeared in his eyes, "You can go …"
"Boom …"
As Chen Huang Yijian waved his hand, the illusion of the Slaughtering Sword Mountain suddenly dissipated, and turned into a flame that condensed on the torch.
Senior Yi Jian's gaze …
At the last moment, Luo Zheng noticed Chen Huang Yijian's expression.
After he became a True God, did he really encounter some trouble?
No matter what trouble it was, with Luo Zheng's current strength, it was impossible for him to interfere. There was no point in thinking about it.
Since Senior Yi Jian had told him that the last gap was hidden in the Sword Manor, after this Illusory Battlefield ended, he would most likely have to go to the Sword Manor.
This time, walking through the Emperor's Promenade, Luo Zheng had not only obtained this piece of information! He and Chen Huang Yijian had played Myriad Sword, and he had also greatly tempered his sword intent. This harvest was naturally not small, but he did not know if there would be a reward in the fifth Karma Hall?
The last Karma Hall was different from the previous ones. This Emperor's Promenade did not have much danger. It was only the pressure of the True God imprints. Warriors could dare to feel the Divine Dao here. From a certain point of view, this was actually an excellent reward.
As he thought about this, Luo Zheng walked forward, still paying attention to the murals on both sides of the Emperor's Promenade.
These murals recorded how Chen Huang Yijian had tempered his Sword Heart, how he had joined the Sword Manor, how he had become the master of the Slaughtering Sword Mountain, and even how he had fought in the Orange Sea Realm …
The soul within the lamp once again let out a soft sigh.
Three thousand Divine Daos, only one restriction remained: the Severing of Emotions.
In the past, Chen Huang Yijian had walked the Severing of Emotions Divine Dao. The benefits he had obtained were that his strength far surpassed that of an ordinary True God. As an Empyrean, he had the strength to harm a True God.
But a Restriction Dao was a Restriction Dao.
This Divine Dao was originally a path that prohibited others from walking together …
Now, Chen Huang Yijian also understood the implications. However, he was currently hiding in Soaring Firmament. Being chased by a Sovereign, there was nothing he could do.
Looking at Luo Zheng's back, Chen Huang Yijian was extremely puzzled.
Since they had paid such a great price to conceal this child's fate, why did they insist on having him cultivate the Severing of Emotions Divine Dao?
What did that person want to do?
…
…
As he walked forward, Luo Zheng did not encounter any torches on the walls.
"Each person can only encounter ten torches. In other words, the imprints of ten True Gods? Or … in this universe, after countless evolutions, only ten True Gods were born? "
Thinking of this, Luo Zheng quickly shook his head. Although True Gods were rare, they were not that rare.
After walking for a while, Luo Zheng discovered the exit of the Emperor's Promenade. When Luo Zheng walked through this promenade, he discovered that the originally six scattered Emperor's Promenades had finally gathered here. This was also a circular hall, and there were already martial artists waiting here.
"Ji Nan, Phantom!"
As it turned out, the two women in their group of six had already passed through the Emperor's Promenade.
"Luo Zheng has come out!" Ji Nan smiled sweetly at Luo Zheng.
The three people's gazes met, and they discovered that there was a slight change in each other's expressions.
This was a change in their comprehension of the Divine Dao.
Although they had not yet found a Divine Dao that suited them, as long as they passed through those soul flames, they would eventually feel the aura of those True Gods …
Perhaps these auras did not test the soul and were still very beneficial to martial artists.
"This fifth Karma Hall is easy to pass," Phantom said faintly.
"Which True Gods did you see? I saw the legendary Lord Fei Chen, "Ji Nan said with a smile with a hint of excitement in her eyes.
Luo Zheng nodded slightly and casually mentioned a few of the True Gods. This was not a secret that could not be revealed, but Luo Zheng naturally would not mention Chen Huangyi, who was a True God.
After this exchange, another figure flashed out of one of the Emperor's Promenades. It was Jin Hai.
Jin Hai put his palms together and closed his eyes slightly, but his mouth was chanting like an eminent monk. After he had completely walked out of the Emperor's Promenade, he smiled at Luo Zheng and the others. "I have received advice from the Buddha of the Past …"
In the Ten Thousand Buddha Divine Realm, there was no concept of Divine Dao. What they called Buddhist Dao was Divine Dao.