Jin Hai was extremely lucky to be able to receive guidance from the Dipankara Buddha.
Jin Hai was only one step away from becoming a prodigy!
He had comprehended the Heart of the Past in front of the Dipankara Buddha and cultivated the Immortal Indestructible Body.
Luo Zheng had previously shattered the Subduing Dragon Arhat countless times in the ancient temple, but it had recovered completely. He had relied on the power of the Past Solemnity Calamity.
What Jin Hai had comprehended was precisely this Dao.
The rewards from the Emperor's Corridor were difficult to find in the entire universe.
Although the torches were only burning a soul imprint of a True God, it was undoubtedly equivalent to a True God personally imparting Dao.
In this universe, how could one find the original body of a True God?
Not long after Jin Hai came out, a hearty laugh came from the entrance of the Emperor's Corridor.
"Hahaha, you all passed?"
Azure Demon's burly figure came out of the Emperor's Corridor with a happy smile on his face.
The Emperor's Corridor was only three meters tall and seemed a little narrow compared to Azure Demon's body.
"The difficulty of the fifth Karma Hall is too easy. The illusions in the torches look frightening, but they're actually useless. You can pass through them easily …" Azure Demon continued with a hint of pride on his face.
Hearing Azure Demon's words, everyone had a strange expression on their faces.
The fifth Karma Hall was actually not considered a test.
Because they would pass no matter what …
The aura emitted by the True Gods had to be comprehended and matched with one's own efforts. This was actually an excellent cultivation opportunity.
Ji Nan blinked and stared at Azure Demon as she asked, "How did you pass?"
Azure Demon shrugged. "I was sucked into the illusions by the flames, so I ran and ran and ran … Then I left the flames. There were a few times when I thought I was going to die, but I didn't pay attention and left the illusions."
Luo Zheng: "…"
Jin Hai: "…"
Phantom: "…"
Everyone was speechless.
Presumably, the soul imprints of the True Gods hidden in the flames were also speechless …
After Jin Hai patiently explained the value of the Emperor's Corridor to Azure Demon, Azure Demon stood there in a daze for a long time. Then he let out a strange cry and turned around to return to the Emperor's Corridor.
But at this moment, no matter what he did, he couldn't enter the Emperor's Promenade. It was impossible to go in the opposite direction.
Not long after, the Night Clan martial artist also left the Emperor's Promenade. Although he didn't deliberately conceal his aura, his aura was still much fainter. It seemed that he had made some gains in the Emperor's Promenade.
After everyone gathered in the circular hall, they continued to move forward.
They had all gained quite a bit in the Emperor's Corridor, so they were naturally in a good mood. Only Azure Demon's face was filled with gloom. Even his intestines were green with regret.
Following the only exit in the hall, everyone entered a circular hall not long after. In the center of the hall, there was a circle of golden light flashing.
Around the disc, there were six mysterious pinkish dots of light floating in the air like little fairies.
"Ding …"
Just as they entered the palace, the six pink dots of light flew towards them and floated in front of their foreheads.
Then, a thought entered everyone's minds.
When everyone digested that thought and understood the meaning behind it, everyone's faces revealed a hint of ecstasy!
"This … actually has the ability to turn illusions into reality! This is the real reward! "Jin Hai exclaimed in surprise.
Ji Nan's eyes kept turning, and her face was full of joy.
She had spent five million fantasy points to enter the Karma Hall for the first time and had failed. She had been directly sent back to the main city.
Unconvinced, Ji Nan had decided to spend five million fantasy points and return to the Karma Hall.
For someone like her who didn't have a lot of fantasy points, this was a huge gamble. Now, Ji Nan also understood that her investment had paid off handsomely.
As for Azure Demon, he was still in a state of foolishness …
Luo Zheng stared at the pinkish dots of light in front of him with a shocked expression.
It turned out that this pinkish dot of light was actually an opportunity to bring an item out of the Illusion Battlefield.
When everyone entered the Illusion Battlefield, they entered as projections. In other words, they had perfectly replicated themselves and entered the Illusion Battlefield.
In theory, this world would produce two copies of themselves …
As for Ji Luoxue, who had two bodies with one thought, theoretically producing four Ji Luoxue …
Then, it wasn't just their physical body that had been 'duplicated'. Their treasures, True Essence Stones, spatial rings, and so on had also been duplicated.
For example, the Buddha Blade in Jin Hai's hands was one outside and one inside. Another example was Luo Zheng's Thundergale Ghost Divine Sword and Black Star Pickaxe. There was one inside the Illusion Battlefield and one outside the Illusion Battlefield.
When they left the Illusion Battlefield, the projection would disappear, and only the experience of the Illusion Battlefield would be left.
However …
This pinkish dot of light in front of them could bring their own items out.
For example, Luo Zheng could use this pinkish ribbon of light to bring the Thundergale Ghost Divine Sword out of the Illusion Battlefield.
Another example was Jin Hai, who could bring a paragon artifact like the Buddha Blade out of the Illusion Battlefield …
This was tantamount to giving everyone a chance to duplicate a treasure!
The Thundergale Ghost Divine Sword was fine. It was originally Luo Zheng's own item, and Luo Zheng wouldn't choose to bring it out. Although a first-grade divine artifact was powerful, Luo Zheng only needed one. After all, he still had Shenzi Shenzi to forge a peerless divine weapon for him. As for the need for a weapon, Luo Zheng wasn't in a hurry.
But the Buddha Blade was different.
Even though Jin Hai's status wasn't low in the Ten Thousand Buddha Sacred Realm and was second only to the prodigies, he still wasn't qualified to possess a paragon artifact.
It was just that after the Illusion Battlefield opened, the various clans would hand over their treasures to their juniors in hopes that the power of their weapons would help them achieve a good ranking.
When they left the Illusion Battlefield, Jin Hai had to return the Buddha Blade.
Now that he had brought the Buddha Blade out with this pinkish dot of light, two Buddha Blades would appear in the universe at the same time, and they would be exactly the same Buddha Blade!
After Jin Hai handed over the original Buddha Sun Blade, the other Buddha Sun Blade would permanently belong to him!
This was a happy event that was enough to drive Jin Hai crazy! Even in his dreams, he wanted to completely possess this Buddha Blade, so at this moment, he didn't hesitate at all and set the item he brought out of the Illusion Battlefield as his weapon.
"Whoosh!"
With a crisp sound, the Buddha Blade was unsheathed.
Then, Jin Hai grabbed the pinkish dot of light in his hand and gently squeezed it.
"Buzz buzz buzz …"
The dot of light instantly shattered into countless fine powder and drifted toward the Buddha Blade. Under the scattering of the powder, a small imprint appeared on the surface of the Buddha Blade.
Items with this imprint could be brought out of the Illusion Battlefield!
Compared to Jin Hai, Luo Zheng was slightly more conflicted.
He also had a lot of treasures in his hands …
But he wasn't in a hurry to duplicate them. Moreover, his greatest weapon was himself. He couldn't possibly duplicate himself and bring it out, right? The thought just now had clearly stated that it had to be an item.
"Item …"
Luo Zheng pondered for a moment.
All of a sudden, Luo Zheng's eyes shone brightly.
"I'm really stupid. Why must I limit it to the items I brought in? Since there's no need to duplicate them, then there's no need to duplicate them! "
Whether it was the Thunder Wind Divine Sword or the Black Star Pickaxe, these treasures weren't worth Luo Zheng duplicating them and bringing them out. After all, having one was enough.
But Luo Zheng had a treasure that belonged to the Illusion Battlefield, and that was the Teleportation Token!
If he could bring the Teleportation Token out, then wouldn't he be able to roam freely in this universe?
Now that he had been trapped in the Immortal Mansion for six years, he couldn't even take half a step out of it. This was also a serious problem …
With the Teleportation Token, even a Heavenly Venerable would find it difficult to keep him here.
But this Teleportation Token seemed to only record the main city of a large world in the Illusion Battlefield. What would happen if he brought it out of the Illusion Battlefield?
It might not even have any effect …
"Whether or not I can bring it out is another matter. After all, this Teleportation Token is a special item in the Illusion Battlefield!"
Thinking of this, Luo Zheng suddenly took out the Teleportation Token and grabbed the pinkish dot of light in his hand. After crushing it, the light dot turned into powder and began to drift toward the Teleportation Token.
＝＝＝＝＝