The fine powder continued to flutter and fall, gathering towards the Teleportation Medallion!
"Success?"
Luo Zheng's heart was beating wildly …
Originally, after the Illusory Battlefield closed, everything would return to dust, dust to dust. Now, he could bring the teleportation token out! How could he not be excited?
After a while, a mark the size of an ant appeared on the corner of the teleportation token!
It seemed that bringing the teleportation token out wouldn't be too much of a problem.
However, whether the teleportation token would allow him to teleport was still a question mark.
If it couldn't be used, then Luo Zheng would have wasted an excellent opportunity on the teleportation token.
This was like a gamble, but Luo Zheng was willing to take this risk. After all, if he won the bet, the benefits to Luo Zheng were self-evident. The entire universe would be unimpeded for him!
"Eh? What is this? "
Cang Mo's neck stretched over Luo Zheng's head and stared at the small teleportation token in Luo Zheng's hand.
"Whoosh …" In an instant, Luo Zheng stuffed the teleportation token into his spatial ring and said indifferently, "Nothing."
Cang Mo's eyes widened and he said discontentedly, "So mysterious …"
Luo Zheng naturally didn't care about this rash fellow.
Luo Zheng wasn't the most conflicted one among this group of people.
The most conflicted one was Ji Nan …
There was a piece of Jianmu in Ji Nan's body.
This Jianmu could be considered her life source magic treasure. Moreover, the Jianmu itself was a living creature that had completely merged with her.
Generally speaking, Ji Nan shouldn't hesitate.
However, at this moment, she was holding the flame kitten in her arms, and her expression was uncertain.
She wanted to bring this flame kitten out of the Illusory Battlefield!
In fact, this flame kitten was considered a high-level law creature. Even in the Divine Fire Realm, it was quite rare. Wanting to capture this flame kitten was not an easy task.
However, her Jianmu was a legendary piece of divine wood. It could be considered a product of the Heavenly Dao. Now that she had a chance to replicate it, she was very conflicted.
"Ji Nan, what are you hesitating about?"
After putting away the Teleportation Token, Luo Zheng stared at Ji Nan and asked.
Ji Nan pursed her lips. "I'm thinking about what to bring out …"
"Hehe, what's there to consider? Your Builder Wood is naturally the best choice! "Jin Hai said.
Although Ji Nan had only used the Builder Wood as a fishing rod that could be lengthened or shortened in the Karma Hall, the astonishing life force contained within the Builder Wood was obvious to all. With the help of the Builder Wood, Ji Nan definitely had some powerful abilities that she had yet to unleash.
In Luo Zheng's opinion, Ji Nan really didn't need to hesitate.
"But, but … I want to take this kitten with me," Ji Nan said, blinking her eyes.
"You're crazy!" Jin Hai shouted.
Phantom, who was not far away, glanced at them indifferently, but did not say anything. She just smiled slightly.
What Ji Nan took away had nothing to do with the other martial artists. Outside of Karma Hall, everyone was still competitors. But in Karma Hall, everyone was a team.
This flaming kitten might be very rare, but it was definitely not a precious treasure. The price to tame a similar flaming kitten in the Divine Fire Realm was probably only equivalent to a first-grade divine tool.
It could not be compared to her piece of Jianmu wood at all.
Originally, Ji Nan was still very hesitant.
But at this moment, a firm look suddenly appeared on her face, and she crushed the pink light in her hand.
She didn't take out a piece of Builder Wood. The powder drifted towards the flaming kitten, and finally left a mark on its fur.
As for Jin Hai and the others, their eyes widened as they looked at the scene before them.
The preciousness of the pink light was self-evident, yet Ji Nan had wasted it on a cat just like that …
They were speechless. They just felt a burst of heartache!
But Ji Nan's face was full of willfulness. She didn't feel the slightest bit of regret. Instead, she teased the flaming kitten in her arms.
"Meow …"
The flaming kitten seemed to know something, and it softly acted coquettishly towards Ji Nan.
Not long after, everyone would use up their one chance.
At the same time, six exits appeared on the walls of the hall. They were the exits to leave the Karma Hall.
"After leaving the Karma Hall, will we return to our original main city?" Jin Hai asked.
Ji Nan shook her head and said, "No. The exit of the Karma Hall is fixed in one of the main cities in the Great World. All the warriors who enter the Karma Hall will eventually gather in that main city."
"If that's the case, then that main city …" Jin Hai frowned slightly.
Ji Nan nodded. "This is the original intention of the Illusory Battlefield. The warriors who can enter the Karma Hall are basically the top existences in this Great World. If the exit is fixed in one place, the collisions between them will be even more intense!"
Jin Hai raised his eyebrows slightly. A hint of fighting spirit appeared in everyone's eyes.
Among the six of them, even the weakest, Azure Demon, was an absolute overlord in his main city …
And the people they wanted to challenge were people on the same level as them!
"Then … let's go out," Phantom said.
At this moment, Ji Nan suddenly tilted her head and smiled at Luo Zheng. "Luo Zheng, I have a request! You're not allowed to attack us! "
"That's a good suggestion. I agree!" Azure Demon immediately chimed in.
After cooperating with each other in the Karma Hall, everyone was completely convinced by Luo Zheng. Under constant observation, they all imagined what would happen if Luo Zheng was their opponent.
This was a cruel thought. They would discover that no matter what they did, they would not be able to defeat Luo Zheng.
Therefore, whether it was Jin Hai, Phantom, Ji Nan, or the others, they were more or less afraid of Luo Zheng. So, before Ji Nan left the hall, she suddenly made such a request.
Hearing their proposal, Luo Zheng smiled and nodded.
Even Jin Hai, who thought highly of himself, did not speak. In Jin He's eyes, there were very few people he admired, and there were even fewer cultivators in the same realm that he admired. However, he had no choice but to admire Luo Zheng …
Then, everyone stepped towards the six lights!
In the center of a main city in the center of this Great World, six lights suddenly shot out, gradually forming a door of light …
"They're out, they're out! Another team has passed through the Karma Hall! "
"This team seems ordinary. Only six people survived."
"A mediocre team. I reckon that the strength of the strongest person can't be considered a Heaven's Pride …"
In the center of this main city, there were many cultivators watching.
These cultivators' strength was ordinary. They were not qualified to obtain the iron certificate, and it was even more impossible for them to have five million fantasy points. Being assigned to this main city was their bad luck.
After all, this was the exit of the Karma Hall. Those who could enter the Karma Hall were all leaders of the various main cities. As for the cultivators who could pass the Karma Hall's assessment, they were extremely rare existences. They were either Heaven's Pride or existences second only to Heaven's Pride!
Therefore, the ordinary cultivators in this main city were destined to be cannon fodder …
After the first batch of martial artists had passed through the Karma Hall, a brutal massacre had unfolded around the main city. All of the martial artists who had the strength to escape had already run away. As for the martial artists who remained in the main city, they had accepted their fate and simply stayed in the main city to watch the show, refusing to leave the city at all!
Some experts had no interest in these cannon fodder. After leaving the Karma Hall, they quickly moved to other main cities or explored more mystic realms.
However, there were still many experts who chose to stay. Since this was the exit of the Karma Hall, they were destined to encounter other experts.
Who was the sheep that contributed fantasy points and who was the wolf that stole fantasy points? That would depend on one's own ability and strength.
After Luo Zheng stepped out of the door of light, he looked around indifferently and asked, "Jin Hai, Ji Nan, what do you plan to do?"
Jin Hai's eyes flashed slightly. "I still have some things to digest. I want to find a secluded place to comprehend them."
The Past Solemnity Calamity was a Buddhist scripture and also a cultivation technique. The Past Solemnity Calamity was different from many divine martial arts. It was a very common Buddhist scripture in the Ten Thousand Buddha Sacred Realm.
However, there were only a few people who could fully comprehend it.