Now that Jin Hai had received Dipankara's guidance, he naturally wanted to find a place to consolidate his understanding.
To Jin Hai, this was even more important than obtaining Dream Points.
"I also have some matters to attend to, so I'll be leaving first …" Phantom said indifferently. She didn't seem to want to stay in this main city and wanted to leave.
This small team that had been put together at the last minute was now disbanded.
As for Ji Nan, she tilted her head as she hugged the little flame cat and stared at Luo Zheng. "I'm going to follow you."
"Why are you following me?" Luo Zheng's face flashed with confusion.
"To watch you fight others," Ji Nan said with a smile.
Luo Zheng shrugged. There would definitely be a great change in the Dream Battlefield, but before that change arrived, Luo Zheng would continue to fight.
Even though his current ranking was high enough, this wasn't his goal!
Just the Karma Hall had given him such benefits. Luo Zheng wanted to see what the final result and reward of the Illusory Battlefield would be.
At this moment, several cultivators slowly walked over. There were humans and other races among them, but the one leading them was from the Demon Night Clan, a rare male from the Demon Night Clan.
"Oh, what a coincidence. Isn't this Phantom?"
This man from the Yao Night Clan had a head of green, curly hair. His slender eyes were like willow leaves, giving off a demonic feeling. There was a blood-red mole between his eyebrows, and his voice was rather frivolous.
At this moment, Phantom was about to leave, but when she heard this voice, her body trembled. She turned around, her expression gloomy.
Ji Nan, Jin Hai, and the others blinked. They knew that this male from the Demon Night Clan had come with ill intentions.
"Ming Dao, it's you …" Phantom's voice trembled slightly. The Dream Battlefield was so large, but she hadn't expected to meet him here!
In the Karma Hall, Phantom's performance was remarkable. Although she didn't speak much, she always maintained her calm and vigilance. She hadn't expected this male from the Demon Night Clan to be able to make her so anxious. To Phantom, this male was like a nightmare.
Seeing this scene, Luo Zheng just rubbed his nose and stood to the side with an indifferent expression.
The green-haired male from the Demon Night Clan called Ming Dao walked towards Phantom and casually touched her chest.
The women from the Demon Night Clan had impressive figures, and Phantom was wearing a set of tight-fitting cloud leopard leather armor that accentuated her figure even more.
Ming Dao, in front of everyone's eyes, directly put his hand into the leather armor and casually touched it. Phantom didn't resist, but her expression was extremely unnatural, and her eyes filled with murderous intent!
"Hey, I haven't seen you for a few months, but you haven't grown bigger. How disappointing." Ming Dao shook his head. He felt the murderous intent in the eyes of the Phantom, but he did not care at all. He just said, "When you and I were alone, I didn't see you hate me so much. You have to pretend to be chaste in front of others?"
"You bastard!"
After being splashed with a basin of dirty water by the Underworld Dao, the Phantom finally couldn't bear it anymore.
This Phantom was introverted. Along the way, everyone knew almost nothing about her background. They didn't know anything about her.
However, just from the confrontation between the two, everyone could guess …
Phantom must have been blackmailed by this man from the Demon Night Clan called Ming Dao. Otherwise, Phantom wouldn't have reacted like this.
As for the reason, no one knew.
Luo Zheng wasn't interested in knowing. He only knew that Phantom had cooperated with him before and could be considered his friend.
At this moment, Jin Hai, Ji Nan, the most cowardly Azure Demon, and the Demon Night Clan cultivator who had no sense of existence, all gathered around.
Ming Dao glanced indifferently at the cultivators behind Phantom. His pointed chin was raised high, and his disdainful eyes swept over Luo Zheng and the others, finally stopping on Ji Nan's body and her chest. "Oh? These … are your companions who went through the Karma Hall with you, right? "
Luo Zheng's face was expressionless as he walked in front of Phantom, separating her behind him. Luo Zheng's indifferent eyes stared at this person indifferently, and he answered on behalf of Phantom, "Yes."
"What, you … want to stand up for Phantom?" Ming Dao's slender eyes deliberately widened, and his expression was very exaggerated and playful.
"Not us, just me," Luo Zheng said indifferently. "I'm not standing up for her. I just don't like you, so I want to torture you to death."
Luo Zheng's expression and tone were incomparably calm, but the content of his words was very arrogant. He wasn't an arrogant person, but in the face of such a guy, Luo Zheng could only treat him with contempt.
Luo Zheng's words stunned Ming Dao. He never thought that someone would dare to speak to him like this.
"Torture me to death? Hahahaha … "Ming Dao laughed wildly.
The several cultivators following behind Ming Dao also began to laugh maniacally. These cultivators were from the Human Race, the Night Demon Race, the Night Race, and other races. They were also people who had entered the Karma Hall with Ming Dao, and they had formed a temporary team.
Because this main city was set as the exit of the Karma Hall, the competition in this main city was very fierce, and the number of Fantasy Points transferred was also very large.
When cultivators from other main cities fought, there would often be one or two people in each main city with millions of Fantasy Points. Killing one person would give at least a few hundred Fantasy Points, and at most hundreds of thousands of Fantasy Points.
But in this main city, a battle between cultivators could easily absorb tens of millions of Fantasy Points, or even tens of millions of Fantasy Points …
But because the number of Fantasy Points was too large, many of the geniuses who passed through the Karma Hall were very vigilant. They either hid in the city and refused to leave, or they fought in groups!
After passing through the Karma Hall, many people were already familiar with each other. Now that they left the Karma Hall, they naturally grouped together!
In this main city, there were three teams that practically monopolized the entire main city. The other cultivators were simply unable to contend with them.
And the favorite targets of these teams were naturally the powerhouses who passed through the Karma Hall …
Any cultivator who could pass through the Karma Hall was indeed very strong, but the number of Fantasy Points they had far surpassed ordinary cultivators.
And Ming Dao was the core of one of the teams!
They guarded the west gate of the main city and had plundered countless powerhouses' Fantasy Points. Among them, there was even a prodigy who had been killed by them.
Seeing these people laughing so wildly, Azure Demon also suddenly laughed out loud.
The Demon race cultivator's voice was loud, and his laughter was like thunder, instantly suppressing Ming Dao's voice.
Ming Dao frowned, stared at Azure Demon, and asked, "You, what are you laughing at?"
"Nothing. I saw you laughing, so I laughed too!" Azure Demon waved his hand and continued laughing.
This answer caused Luo Zheng to reveal a faint smile. This Azure Demon was quite useful …
Ming Dao coldly snorted and turned to stare at the Phantom behind Luo Zheng. "In a while, outside the city, let me kill you three times and give me all your Fantasy Points." After saying that, he stared intently at Luo Zheng. "As for you, I wonder if you dare to leave the city and fight?" "Yes.
"There doesn't seem to be a single prodigy in this group, right?"
"An existence that can't withstand a single blow is basically a coward!"
"Ming Dao … don't expect them to leave the city. These guys will definitely hide in the city. I've already seen several groups of such guys."
The cultivator behind Ming Dao didn't forget to ridicule Luo Zheng at this moment.
Cold killing intent appeared in the eyes of Ji Nan and Jin Hai. Jin Hai was just about to speak but was stopped by the Phantom.