The Yao Night Clan was divided into six factions.
These six factions were the most ancient clans of the Yao Night Clan.
It was because these clans possessed the bloodline of the ancient Yao Night Clan that the Three Kings were born from these six clans.
Heavenly Venerate Broken Shadow had risen to become the fourth Heavenly Venerate of the Yao Night Clan with Yao's help. Naturally, his clan had soared as well.
Even within the Yao Night Clan, where the Three Kings reigned supreme, there were still internal conflicts.
These six factions controlled the Elder Council and relied on the Three Kings to maintain the balance within the Yao Night Clan.
However, with Xun's disappearance, the balance was broken.
Among them, the two factions under the King of Life maintained their silence. Just like the King of Life, they didn't express any opinion on Yao's arbitrary decision.
As for the two factions that relied on the King of Massacre, one of them had sided with Yao, while the other had pledged to follow Xun to the death. Therefore, Yao had directly dealt with them.
This faction was the owner of the Yao Night Clan's Holy Spear. Generations of Massacre Kings had used their Holy Spear, so they were also known as the Holy Spear Faction.
The Holy Spear Faction's situation in the Yao Night Clan could only be described as extremely difficult. They either chose to hide or were forcefully enslaved by other factions. If they were men, they would be forced to do hard labor. If they were beautiful women, they would be treated as playthings.
Huan Ling was the daughter of the Holy Spear Faction's leader.
If it weren't for the two Kings fighting each other, Huan Ling would probably be a prodigy of the Yao Night Clan.
Now, Huan Ling was just a plaything in the Underworld Dao's harem.
After Ji Nan saw Luo Zheng's real name in the Emperor's Gallery, she became more and more interested.
When Huan Ling saw the name "Luo Zheng" in front of the Emperor's Gallery, her excitement could not be described with words.
The news of Xun had already spread throughout the Yao Night Clan in the past few years.
Even in her dreams, Huan Ling hoped that Luo Zheng would eventually return to his throne with Xun. Only then would the Holy Spear Faction welcome a glimmer of hope. Only then would Huan Ling be able to regain her freedom.
When news of Xun had first spread through the universe, the Holy Spear Faction had not thought too much about it.
From their point of view, it was impossible for the current Xun to fight against Yao. Just like what Yao said, Xun did not have the qualifications to compete with her.
However, as things continued to develop, that Luo Zheng actually killed Heavenly Sovereign Broken Shadow!
Not only had he killed Heavenly Venerate Broken Shadow, but he had also killed three Heavenly Venerates from other races …
Ming Dao was the son of Heavenly Venerate Broken Shadow.
During those days, Phantom secretly looked at Ming Dao's soulless appearance, but she was very happy in her heart!
At the same time, the name Luo Zheng was deeply engraved in the mind of the Phantom.
She knew that he was the hope of the Holy Spear Sect, and also her biggest hope …
How could she not be happy to meet Luo Zheng in the Dream Battlefield?
Although she was extremely excited, she didn't show it on her face. She didn't say anything and didn't dare to do anything.
Luo Zheng was not strong enough now. He needed to go down his own path. Phantom regarded Luo Zheng as a cautious hope. They could not wait to protect him, so how could they be willing to disturb him?
Even if she was very confident in Luo Zheng's strength, she didn't want him to get into trouble here because of her.
Therefore, Phantom chose to remain silent and say such words.
However, she didn't know Luo Zheng's character.
When Luo Zheng heard that Ming Dao was the son of Heavenly Sovereign Broken Shadow, a warm smile suddenly bloomed on his face. He looked at Ming Dao and said, "So, you are the son of Heavenly Sovereign Broken Shadow?"
"Heh," Ming Dao smiled proudly, "Now that you know, it's too late to regret it. The five of you, kneel down and let me kill you three times … I can consider letting you go!"
Not far away, Azure Demon crossed his arms and grinned, "There are six of us, right? Don't you know how to count? "
Even someone as timid as Azure Demon chose to advance and retreat together with Phantom …
Ming Dao coldly snorted and turned his gaze to Ji Nan. "I, Ming Dao, have no other hobbies than to collect beautiful women. This human beauty also has a unique flavor. If you can accompany me in this Illusory Battlefield, I can spare you from death."
Ji Nan tilted her head and curled her lips. She didn't retreat at all, but stared at Ming Dao and said, "Heavenly Sovereign Broken Shadow is just a mediocre lower Heavenly Sovereign. If you want me to accompany you, this Illusory Battlefield is really inconvenient. After all, it's just an ethereal projection. It's not as happy as in reality."
"Then where is this girl? I can travel thousands of miles to find her." Ming Dao looked at Ji Nan's lips with a frivolous smile.
Ming Dao naturally couldn't really travel across countless great worlds just for a beautiful woman …
However, the vast majority of martial artists in this Illusory Battlefield were young martial artists. It was impossible for them to lose to each other in terms of momentum.
As long as this woman wasn't the daughter of some great clan's Heavenly Sovereign and was just an ordinary tenth-grade Holy Land genius, it shouldn't be difficult for Ming Dao to take her away with his current strength.
Ji Nan only lightly spat out two words. "Ji Family." Then, she smiled charmingly at Ming Dao and asked, "Do you dare to come? Not to mention your useless father, even if the King of Punishment personally brought you here, would he dare to come to the Ji Family? "
Ji Nan was indeed not a direct descendant of a Heavenly Sovereign, but her status in the Ji Family was second only to the two Ji Family prodigies …
In this universe, who could go to the Ji Family and casually take away a member of the Ji Family?
Therefore, when Ji Nan revealed her origins, Ming Dao's expression instantly froze. He didn't expect this woman to be a member of the Ji Family.
"Hmph, I don't care where you're from. This is the Illusory Battlefield. Whoever is stronger will be king!" Ming Dao changed the topic and circled back to his original words.
Ji Nan ridiculed, "Wouldn't it have been better if you said so earlier!"
Then, she walked over and patted Luo Zheng's strong arm. She smiled softly and said, "The rest is up to you!"
This battle was simply unavoidable.
The two teams moved out of the main city.
At the same time, a large group of cultivators followed behind them.
These cultivators didn't have the strength to fight with these prodigies, but they had the right to watch the show …
"Tit for tat! That woman is actually from the Ji Family!"
"So what if she's from the Ji Family? She's most likely not a prodigy from the Ji Family … "
"I don't think that woman intends to make a move. She seems to want that young man to do it. What's his background?"
"No matter what his background is, I'm afraid he'll suffer in the end. Ming Dao is a prodigy of the Fiend Night Clan and the son of Heavenly Sovereign Broken Shadow. His strength is unfathomable!"
As everyone discussed, Huan Ling's expression was very complicated.
She didn't speak much to begin with, so she didn't know what to do at this moment. She could only hope that Luo Zheng could really defeat Ming Dao …
Although Luo Zheng had displayed extraordinary strength in the Karma Hall and even killed a prodigy in the third Karma Hall, he hadn't relied on his own strength. Instead, he had used the rules of the Karma Hall to kill that prodigy. Would he be a match for a prodigy?
Ji Nan, Huan Ling, Jin Hai, Cang Mo, and Ansi stood on the city wall.
The first to leave the city wall was Ming Dao. After stepping out of the city wall, he flew into the air. After taking a dozen steps, he turned to look at Luo Zheng. Seeing that Luo Zheng hadn't left the city, he said, "Friend, don't tell me you're regretting it at the last moment? If you're willing to be a coward, I can't do anything to you if you stay in the main city. "
Although Ming Dao said this, he was afraid that Luo Zheng wouldn't leave the city. If that happened, he really wouldn't be able to do anything to Luo Zheng. He was only saying this to provoke him.
The corners of Luo Zheng's mouth curled up slightly. "I'm not regretting it. I'm just waiting for some things. If those things don't come, that's naturally for the best!"
"What things …"
At this moment, many small black dots floated over from both sides of the city wall.
"Cough, cough, cough …"
They were the hundreds of small skulls. They couldn't enter the city, so they circled outside the main city.
Now that Luo Zheng had come to the west side of the main city, they naturally gathered around.
Luo Zheng sighed softly. It seemed that it was difficult to get rid of these small skulls. Even if he left the Karma Hall, they could still follow him out. He really didn't know how they did it.
"What the hell is this?" Ming Dao's face was full of astonishment as he stared at the constantly gathering skulls.
Luo Zheng stepped out of the city wall. All the small skulls rushed toward Luo Zheng. Luo Zheng didn't care. He grabbed a small skull and held it in his hand. He pointed the small skull's black eye sockets at Ming Dao, but his face showed a smile that was both good and evil. "You don't need to know what this small skull is. You only need to know that I killed your father. Now, I don't care how many times I kill his son …"
＝＝＝＝＝