When Luo Zheng finished speaking, there was a hint of confusion in Ming Dao's willow-leaf-like eyes.
After all, Luo Zheng's words were too sudden …
But at the instant he understood, his entire body shook abruptly, and he revealed a wisp of strong killing intent!
"You, you are Luo Zheng!"
Ming Dao was the only son of Empyrean Broken Shadow!
Although the Demon Night Clan was innately powerful, what limited the development of this clan was their ability to reproduce. Even though Empyrean Broken Shadow had many women, he only had one descendant, Ming Dao.
When the news of Empyrean Broken Shadow's death spread, it was a great blow to Ming Dao.
To Ming Dao, Luo Zheng was the murderer of his father.
Although he had never seen Luo Zheng before, he had fantasized countless times in his mind. In this life, he would kill Luo Zheng with his own hands!
It was just that Ming Dao never imagined that he would run into Luo Zheng in the Dream Battlefield!
"No way, that fellow is Luo Zheng!"
"The fellow who killed four Empyreans?"
"Speaking of which, the stories he told with the Roaring Command were quite good …"
"Hehe, this is wonderful. It's normal if you think about it. As a Divine Sea realm martial artist, Luo Zheng will inevitably step into the Dream Battlefield. To be able to see this boy with our own eyes is our good fortune!"
"I want to know, if this fellow has the ability to kill Empyreans, just how strong is he?"
After Luo Zheng's identity was revealed, it immediately caused a heated discussion atop the city walls.
Before, everyone had only watched powerhouses fight, but in the hearts of most martial artists, they believed that with Ming Dao's strength, Luo Zheng would suffer a great loss here.
But now, things were different!
Luo Zheng was a legendary existence. Although his strength was ordinary, his fame was greater than that of some Empyreans!
In the universe, there were only 128 Empyreans. Many martial artists might not be able to recognize all 128 Empyreans, but Luo Zheng … it was impossible for them not to recognize him. This was because this fellow had used the Roaring Command to bombard their ears for six years!
"Yes, I am Luo Zheng." Luo Zheng lightly nodded.
A surge of murderous aura shot up into the sky from Ming Dao's body. That murderous aura was like a demonic beast that almost took form in the air …
"I really didn't expect to meet you in the Illusory Battlefield!" Ming Dao glared at Luo Zheng. His eyes were filled with killing intent, as if he wanted to pierce through Luo Zheng. "It's a pity that this is the Illusory Battlefield. I can't really kill you …"
Although the killing intent in his eyes was strong, the expression on his face was extremely cautious.
Some people said that Luo Zheng was only relying on that divine immortal residence, and that he himself was just an ordinary ascender …
Facing this kind of rumor, Ming Dao was disdainful.
Since this immortal abode had the ability to kill Celestial Venerables, then how could the inheritance in the immortal abode be child's play?
This Luo Zheng already knew that he was Broken Shadow Empyrean's son in the main city, but he didn't reveal his identity. Instead, he only revealed his identity after leaving the city. It was clear that he was afraid that after learning that he was Luo Zheng, he would refuse to leave the city …
In other words, Luo Zheng was fully confident that he could kill him?
With a thought, Ming Dao came up with this analysis in his mind!
He wasn't a brainless person. Otherwise, he wouldn't have been able to become a heaven's pride. Even if he was the son of a Celestial Venerate, if he wanted to become a heaven's pride of a race, he had to rely on his own talent and hard work!
Therefore, although many of the sons of Celestial Venerates in the universe had excellent aptitudes, they still weren't heaven's pride …
The monstrous killing intent that escaped gradually dissipated in the air.
Although Ming Dao's killing intent was strong, he didn't rely on it to fight his enemies. It was just a way for him to vent his emotions.
After calming down, the killing intent on his body completely dissipated, replaced by absolute calmness.
Although he couldn't really kill Luo Zheng in the Illusory Battlefield, he also understood that this was just a rehearsal. The battle between him and Luo Zheng would eventually take place one day …
"You … are very confident."
"It's good to be confident. For us martial artists, if we want to take a step forward in this difficult martial path, the martial path is the first …"
"But blind confidence is also a kind of stupidity!"
A cold smile appeared on Ming Dao's calm face. With a light flick of his finger, two spear tips dropped out from his Sumeru Ring.
This was a strangely shaped spear.
The shaft of the spear was made up of two long shafts, one black and one white. They twisted around each other in a spiral and gradually extended out. When they reached the front of the spear shaft, the two long shafts parted, each turning into a sharp spear tip!
This was a double-pointed spear with two spear tips!
Luo Zheng's eyes narrowed as he stared at this double-pointed spear. He frowned slightly.
Black and white double-pointed spear …
He seemed to have heard of it from Kaoru.
"Luo Zheng, be careful. That's the Holy Spear of my Fiend Night Clan," Phantom whispered from atop the city wall.
It wasn't just Phantom. When the other martial artists of the Fiend Night Clan saw this Holy Spear, their expressions became extremely solemn.
The Holy Spear of Slaughter …
The Fiend Night Clan's strongest weapon.
Ever since the ancient Fiend Night Clan's inheritance, it had been in the top ten of the Universe Myriad Spirit Tablet. Until now, its ranking had never dropped even once!
This Holy Spear of Slaughter didn't belong to anyone. It didn't even belong to Kaoru. According to the rules of the Fiend Night Clan, only Kaoru had the right to use this Holy Spear of Slaughter.
But now, the Holy Spear of Slaughter had been brought into the Illusory Battlefield by Ming Dao …
Many of the Fiend Night Clan members sighed in their hearts.
In the past, this kind of thing would never have happened …
When the Illusory Battlefield opened, many prodigies had indeed borrowed their clan's supreme artifacts. For example, Jin Hai had borrowed the Sun Buddha Blade. After all, it was only a projection of the Sun Buddha Blade. It wouldn't be lost, and it wouldn't damage the real Sun Buddha Blade.
However, the Holy Spear of Slaughter wasn't just a supreme artifact. Like the Holy Lightning Chained Hammer, it was a symbol of the Fiend Night Clan's king.
The Holy Lightning Chained Hammer represented punishment, while the Holy Spear of Slaughter represented slaughter.
How could they lend such a precious treasure to a prodigy?
"Sigh, the Fiend Night Clan these days … They're simply too reckless …"
"Ever since Yao took over, there have been no rules in the Fiend Night Clan."
"In any case, they call the shots …"
Some of the Fiend Night Clan members on the city walls sighed in their hearts.
Ming Dao gripped the Holy Spear of Slaughter tightly as he stared at Luo Zheng and said calmly, "I originally planned to use this Holy Spear of Slaughter against those Daoists. I didn't plan on using it now …"
This was only the first stage of the Illusory Battlefield. The clashes in this Illusory Battlefield would only become more and more intense.
As he spoke, he lightly waved the spear and pointed it at Luo Zheng. "This treatment is enough for you to be proud of!"
Upon hearing Ming Dao's words, Luo Zheng smiled faintly. "What an honor. However, this spear doesn't seem to belong to you, right?"
"Since it's in my hands, of course it belongs to me," Ming Dao said proudly. As a member of the Fiend Night Clan, he naturally knew what the Holy Spear of Slaughter meant.
Luo Zheng stared at the spear, deep in thought.
What a pity …
If he could seize this Holy Spear and use the Karma Hall's reward to make a copy of it and give it to Xun, that would be perfect.
Thinking of this, Luo Zheng slowly drew a longsword from his spatial ring. It was the Lightning-Wind Divine Sword.
As the longsword swung, the corners of his mouth curled up slightly. "Since you're so shameless as to claim your clan's Holy Spear as your own, then I have nothing to say …"
"If you have nothing to say, then die! Hahaha … "
At this moment, Ming Dao attacked without warning. Although he was confident that he could defeat Luo Zheng, his personality was cold and stubborn. Even if he had an absolute advantage, he would still go all out. Moreover, Ming Dao wasn't sure of Luo Zheng's true strength right now.
Using a surprise attack was in line with Ming Dao's personality!
The Holy Spear of Slaughter suddenly spun in Ming Dao's hands. Two cold rays of light flashed from the two spears, and then the spear pierced towards Luo Zheng!
A huge spear shadow emerged from the Holy Spear of Slaughter. The spear shadow spun wildly and shot towards Luo Zheng.
The spear shadow contained an oppressive might, as if it could pierce through everything.
This was the most basic technique of the Holy Spear of Slaughter, Single Thought!