When Ji Nan saw the Holy Spear of Slaughter, she felt her heart palpitate.
The piece of Builder Wood in her body even gave Ji Nan a warning. She could feel the uniqueness of this spear!
The black and white materials used to create the Holy Spear of Slaughter seemed to resonate with the Creation Wood in her body.
She naturally did not know that the black and white shaft of the Holy Spear of Slaughter also came from the other two Divine Woods.
The Eastern Hibiscus, the Western Ruo Wood, the Northern Star Creation Wood, and the Southern Dipper Seeker Wood.
These were the legendary Four Divine Woods.
The Four Divine Woods were existences that surpassed the Heavenly Dao.
Hibiscus had never appeared in the universe before.
The Creation Wood had only appeared once with Ji Nan's birth.
As for the Seeker Wood and the Ruo Wood, they had been placed here since the birth of the universe.
The reason was simple. Ruo Mu was a suitable place for the sun to reside in. When the many living beings in the universe were born, the sun that could illuminate all living things was incredibly important. It could be said that the final step in the creation of the universe was to light up the sun, and Ruo Mu was a crucial step.
As for the Seeker Wood, its reproduction speed was extremely fast. Its roots were almost everywhere, supporting the entire universe's 100,000 Great Realms and millions of Great Chiliocosms. However, although this kind of wood was everywhere, it was nowhere to be found. Therefore, it was called the Seeker Wood.
The Seeker Wood was white, and the Ruo Wood was black.
The Holy Spear of Slaughter was made from the Seeker Wood and the Ruo Wood.
Therefore, when Ji Nan sensed the power of these two Divine Woods, she could not help but remind Luo Zheng.
Even without Ji Nan's reminder, Luo Zheng knew that this spear shadow could not be resisted. His figure twisted in midair and quickly dodged to the side.
"Eight-Turn Flying Smoke!"
The spear shadow came straight for him at an extremely fast speed. In order to be safe, Luo Zheng directly used Eight-Turn Flying Smoke.
With Luo Zheng's own dodging and Ba Qu Flying Smoke pushing back, the spear finally swept past his side and heavily stabbed into the city wall.
"Rumble …"
It was at this moment that a strange scene occurred.
A small hole was drilled into the indestructible city wall by the crazily spinning spear shadow!
Because this spear had two spear tips, as it spun, it was equivalent to digging out a piece from the city wall.
"This power …"
Even Luo Zheng was stunned.
Although the Holy Spear of Slaughter had only drilled a fist-sized hole in the city wall, it was enough to shock everyone present.
The city wall contained the Heavenly Dao rules.
With the Heavenly Dao rules, the city wall was an impenetrable existence.
Not to mention the Divine Sea Realm, even if an Extreme God Realm, Divine Transformation Realm, or even a World Lord personally came, they wouldn't be able to move the city walls in the slightest. It would be impossible for them to even peel off a single brick from the city walls.
Only an Empyrean who had inherited the Mandate of Heaven would be able to break through this wall. Because of the Mandate of Heaven, they would be able to control a portion of the Heavenly Dao.
......... com................................................
"Hmph, you dodged pretty quickly, but let's see how long you can hide!"
The long spear in Ming Dao's hand pierced forward continuously …
No Turning Thought. This was only the Holy Spear of Slaughter's basic spear skill. It didn't consume much true essence, but its power was truly abnormal!
The giant spear shadows shot towards Luo Zheng as if they didn't cost anything!
Whoosh, whoosh, whoosh …
If those spear shadows were to shoot towards the ground outside the city walls, they would directly drill into the depths of the ground and disappear. No one knew where they would drill to before they dissipated. The entire ground was filled with a muffled rumbling sound all the time.
The spear shadows that shot towards the city wall left behind small holes.
However, as Luo Zheng dodged, a shadow of a spear suddenly shot out and shot into the main city!
Above the city walls of the main cities, there was an invisible protective layer formed by the Heavenly Dao Laws. It was also a protective layer that was like a thin film that covered the various main cities.
As the spear shadow pierced through, it actually pierced through the invisible membrane!
The city walls were densely packed with martial artists!
According to convention, everyone knew that within the city, the boundary of the city wall was an absolute safe zone. No matter how fierce the battle between martial artists was, they couldn't cross it.
The martial artists in front, in order to see more clearly, stuck close to the edge of the city wall.
Puff!
The sound of air leaking could be heard.
That spear shadow, which had no hesitation, directly pierced through this thin film and pierced the body of a martial artist.
Because this scene happened in an instant, the martial artist didn't even have time to react. He was still watching Luo Zheng, who was constantly dodging, attentively observing Luo Zheng's strange movement skill. This martial artist might not be able to learn Luo Zheng's Eight Winding Smoke, but he was able to gain some insight from it. It was already a great harvest.
That spear shadow directly pierced through the martial artist's chest, leaving behind a smooth and round bloody hole. He had been pierced through by this spear shadow!
But he still maintained his standing posture, and his expression didn't change much …
"Hey … you!"
Until the martial artist beside him pointed at his chest.
The martial artist lowered his head and saw the large hole in his chest. Only then did he react. He fell to the ground with a loud bang, bursting into balls of illusory light. The martial artist's corpse gradually disappeared, and his soul flew back to the city to be resurrected.
Legend had it that some people didn't even know they had died. Although their vitality was cut off, they could still walk as if they were flying. They were no different from a living person. But when others told them that they were dead, they would immediately die.
Perhaps this legend was adapted from this kind of incident …
No matter what, when the martial artists on the city wall saw this scene, their expressions changed greatly.
They finally understood that the city wasn't indestructible. Although the Heavenly Dao Law was incomparably tyrannical, there were still some powerful people in the universe who could break it!
In an instant, all the martial artists on the city wall began to retreat.
They indeed liked to watch a show, but it wasn't worth it to lose their lives for it. Although one could revive after dying in the Illusory Battlefield, no one would complain about having too many Fantasy Points. Squandering their Fantasy Points just to watch a show was a waste of their Fantasy Points.
"Retreat, retreat!"
"Let's stand further away and watch …"
"I was standing behind that person just now. Fortunately, the spear shadow was quickly obliterated by the Heavenly Dao Law. Otherwise, I wouldn't have been able to escape death!"
Amidst the commotion, these martial artists left the city wall one after another, crowding on the other buildings in the city to watch. Some timid martial artists weren't willing to give up the opportunity to watch the battle, so they simply looked for a more hidden corner and poked their heads out to watch.
In this way, the city wall was empty.
However, Ji Nan, Huan Ling, Jin Hai, Cang Mo, and the others didn't choose to leave. Their strength might be inferior to Luo Zheng and Ming Dao, but the difference wasn't too great. When the spear shadow penetrated the light membrane, its speed would be greatly reduced. With their strength, dodging it wasn't difficult.
The martial artists who followed Ming Dao also didn't leave. In addition to these two groups of people, there were some more courageous martial artists or martial artists who liked to be in the limelight standing on the city wall …
"Whoosh, whoosh, whoosh …"
The speed of the spear shadow was extremely fast. Luo Zheng could only maintain an extremely high speed, circling around Ming Dao.
In less than thirty breaths of time, Luo Zheng had already dodged hundreds of spear shadows, but almost every one of them was extremely dangerous. He relied on his own dodging strength and the Eight Winding Smoke Flying Technique to barely dodge them.
"This can't go on. There will be a time when I'll be hit by the spear shadow!"
Although Luo Zheng was very confident in the strength of his body, he didn't think that he could take a spear without being injured!
With a flash of his eyes, Luo Zheng once again flashed past the spear shadow, and at the same time, a dark golden longbow appeared in his hand!
"Whoosh, whoosh, whoosh!"
The longbow suddenly appeared in his hand, and three black lights were shot out by Luo Zheng!
"A third-grade divine artifact bow and arrow … Naive!"
Ming Dao's face was full of disdain. The spear in his hand spun twice like a windmill.
"Dang, dang, dang …"