This longbow had been obtained from the four Divine Kingdoms and was considered a pseudo-divine artifact. Luo Zheng didn't really expect it to cause any trouble for Ming Dao.
But as he fired the three arrows, he held the sword in one hand and rapidly approached Ming Dao like a shuttle!
After Ming Dao deflected the three arrows, he saw Luo Zheng coming straight for him. His expression was still calm …
To be honest, even as a prodigy, Ming Dao felt a little uneasy after discovering that his opponent was Luo Zheng.
Now, many races actually didn't care much about Luo Zheng killing Heavenly Venerables. But many large races still sent many Realm Lords to surround the immortal abode tightly. In these five or six years, they hadn't relaxed for a moment. Their target wasn't Luo Zheng, but the immortal abode itself.
This Luo Zheng was definitely a strong opponent with the immortal abode's inheritance.
But after seeing the first-grade divine artifact longsword in Luo Zheng's hand, Ming Dao's heart completely relaxed …
Does this immortal abode lack a weapon inheritance?
It's just a first-grade divine artifact. What can you use to fight me?
Looks like the rumors about this immortal abode's inheritance have been exaggerated …
Ming Dao naturally didn't know. This immortal abode didn't have any ready-made weapons, but it did have some extremely rare materials.
He only knew that with this Holy Spear of Massacre, he was practically undefeatable.
"Childish!"
Seeing Luo Zheng rapidly approaching him, Ming Dao suddenly swung the spear!
A blood-red light escaped from the double-pointed spear. This light was like a dragon, circling in the air and spreading out like a fan!
"Twin Killing Intent!"
The second spear technique of the Holy Spear of Massacre!
This Holy Spear of Massacre had extremely pure destructive power.
Some of the supreme divine artifacts on the Universal Myriad Spirit Stele had different uses. Some weapons contained extremely bizarre karma laws, and each had different ways of killing people.
But in terms of pure destructive power and sharpness, the Holy Spear of Massacre was definitely in the top three!
Swoosh!
This blood-red light spread out. Luo Zheng frowned slightly, but he was forced back dozens of feet by this light.
With the Nether Dao spear in hand, a wisp of a cold smile appeared on his face. "I didn't expect that the renowned Luo Zheng is also just a coward who only knows how to retreat and run when fighting others. Haha!"
Ever since the two had started fighting, Luo Zheng had been constantly retreating. Indeed, he was helpless against Ming Dao with the Holy Spear …
"There's no choice. This Holy Spear of Massacre is the Fiend clan's number one weapon!"
"With this weapon, hehe, even an ordinary martial artist would have the strength to fight against a Heaven's Chosen!"
"Ming Dao's only by relying on his weapon's advantage a lot …"
Many warriors discussed in hushed voices.
Hearing Ming Dao's's words. com Luo's by relying on his weapon's's a lot of their own. If you have the guts, get a Sacred Slaughter Spear too! "
Fights between martial artists were never fair.
In this world, there would always be someone who was stronger than you in all aspects. His talent was stronger than yours, his luck was stronger than yours, and his weapon was also stronger than yours …
There was no point in saying such things.
Luo Zheng didn't have any complaints. After Ming Dao took out the Holy Spear of Massacre, he saw the Holy Spear of Massacre and Ming Dao as one. All he thought about was how to defeat Ming Dao who had the Holy Spear of Massacre.
Luo Zheng, who was floating in the air, suddenly raised the long sword in his hand high. Then, he ran his hand along the body of the long sword all the way to the tip of the sword.
Finally, his two fingers stopped at the tip of the sword. He clamped the Thunder Wind Ghost Divine Sword's tip and pointed the sword's hilt at Ming Dao …
This was a strange action.
Ji Nan, Azure Demon, Phantom, and the others were all puzzled by this scene …
Luo Zheng's eyes flickered slightly …
In the Emperor's Promenade, Luo Zheng had a new understanding of the Yi God's Sword.
The Yi Sword Art that Chen Huang created didn't only have one move!
At the peak of the Massacre Sword Mountain, he and Chen Huang had played millions of sword moves.
That was actually an exchange, and not a competition of sword moves …
The chess was about sword moves, but it was about the understanding of the Sword Dao, about the understanding of both sides.
This was a game of chess.
Both sides used their swords as chess pieces. They robbed, lifted the pieces, tightened their qi, and drew the ground …
Sharp, long, standing, block, parallel, top, climb, suppress …
The Yi Sword Art didn't only have one move. On the contrary, the so-called Yi God's Sword could transform into almost any sword move! It was ever-changing!
At the crucial moment, using the most appropriate sword move and launching the fiercest attack. This was the core of the Yi Sword Art!
To do this, it was like playing chess. Not only did one need to be extremely familiar with oneself, one also needed to see through the opponent's every move.
Luo Zheng pointed the sword's hilt at Ming Dao. He wanted to switch places and guess his next move.
Ming Dao looked indifferently at Luo Zheng and coldly snorted. "Pretending to be mysterious!"
The Holy Spear of Massacre stabbed out again. Without hesitation, the huge spear shadows shot out ten times and went straight for Luo Zheng!
At this moment, Luo Zheng was still standing in the same place, still holding the Thunder and Wind Ghost Sword's tip …
"That brat still hasn't dodged!"
"If he doesn't dodge, I'm afraid he'll be killed by those spear shadows!"
"Luo Zheng, don't be in a daze!"
Seeing those spear shadows flying over and less than ten feet away from Luo Zheng, Luo Zheng's eyes suddenly opened. There was a smile on his face, and when the smile disappeared, all the emotions in his eyes were severed!
After severing his emotions, Luo Zheng's thoughts would enter a very strange state.
In this state, Luo Zheng's state of mind didn't fluctuate at all. He didn't know joy or fear …
With a slight flick of his finger, the long sword flew in the air and changed direction. Holding the long sword in his hand, he rushed towards those spear shadows!
Luo Zheng's long sword gently turned and blocked the sword!
It was still a basic sword technique, but now Luo Zheng's understanding of this most common sword technique had risen to another level.
This sword parry would be able to parry any attack!
"Ding!"
The first huge spear shadow pierced through. Everyone only felt that Luo Zheng's long sword was slightly blocked, and the spear shadow directly changed direction and flew in another direction.
"Ding!"
The second huge spear shadow was the same!
"Ding ding ding ding …"
These spear shadows shot over, and there seemed to be an invisible force field in front of Luo Zheng. Any huge spear shadow that approached Luo Zheng was pushed away by that invisible force. In everyone's eyes, this was simply a magical skill!
And to do this, Luo Zheng only relied on an ordinary defensive sword move, the sword block.
The long sword was not placed at the top of the double-pointed spear, but along the spear shaft. This was the weak point of the spear, like the seven inches of a snake!
The Thunder Wind Ghost Sword was simply unable to directly confront the huge spear shadow. However, in this state, Luo Zheng's control of everything was extremely accurate, to the point that it made one's hair stand on end!
"One Thought No Turning!"
Seeing this scene, Ming Dao's heart began to panic for no reason!
These spear shadows flew out, but they couldn't stop Luo Zheng at all. He was actually able to block them so easily?
This guy … How did he do it?
Luo Zheng didn't give Ming Dao too much time to think. The essence of the Yi Sword Technique was everywhere, suppressing his opponent and not giving him time to think!
"Ding ding ding …"
After blocking the huge spear shadows, Luo Zheng quickly approached Ming Dao.
"You! Die for me! "
The Sacred Slaughter Spear once again shot out a blood-red light!
"Twin Killing Intent!"
"Ding!"
This time, Luo Zheng's Thunder Wind Ghost Sword once again blocked. This time, the long sword directly blocked the upper half of the Sacred Slaughter Spear's shaft.
That incomparably powerful Twin Killing Intent was cut off by Luo Zheng's sword before it could even be unleashed …
As a prodigy, Ming Dao's reaction speed was extremely fast!
The moment his spear was blocked by Luo Zheng, he quickly retreated!
At the same time, the long spear rapidly retracted along his armpit. As he retreated, Ming Dao turned a circle. The long spear had just retracted when it once again stabbed towards Luo Zheng from another direction!
"Reincarnation Pierce!"
Ming Dao was also anxious. He didn't have time to activate the Sacred Slaughter Spear's spear technique, so he used his most commonly used spear technique!
However …
Luo Zheng seemed to have foresight. As if he could predict Ming Dao's spear, he retracted half a foot to the left in advance.
This Reincarnation Pierce naturally missed and slid past Luo Zheng's shoulder!
A battle between martial artists was like a game of chess.
A wrong move would ruin the whole situation.
Luo Zheng had foresight. After tricking Ming Dao into revealing this flaw, he followed him like a shadow. He wouldn't give his opponent the slightest chance!
＝＝＝＝＝