With Luo Zheng's current strength, he might be able to take down Ming Dao in an extremely violent manner if he used all his strength.
The Holy Spear of Slaughter was indeed very powerful.
However, if Luo Zheng dodged the attack and used the explosive might of the Yi God Sword and the vast amount of Primal Chaos Energy, he could exhaust Ming Dao to death.
However, Luo Zheng gained a lot from this game of chess with Chen Huang Yi Shen.
And this Ming Dao was the most suitable person to test his sword!
After getting close to each other, the two began to fight at close quarters.
Ming Dao wanted to get rid of Luo Zheng by retreating rapidly, but Luo Zheng would not give him the chance. He always kept a distance of three feet from him!
"Ding, ding, ding, ding …"
The Holy Spear of Slaughter pointed, stabbed, and swung …
However, when each move was only half done, Luo Zheng could predict it in advance and block it with the Thunder and Wind Divine Sword in front of him!
At this moment, Ming Dao felt that he was shackled by invisible shackles!
He clearly had the strength of a prodigy, and he clearly had the Holy Spear of Slaughter …
Not to mention those prodigies, even those Daoists would find it difficult to resist this spear!
The premise was that he could stab …
Luo Zheng's face was calm and emotionless like a zombie. However, Ming Dao saw this expression and saw it as a great mockery.
When the many cultivators on the city walls saw the two fighting to such an extent, their eyes filled with shock.
This fight was not like a fight between Divine Sea Realm warriors.
"Luo Zheng … is really strong. He didn't use any martial arts techniques. He only used a long sword to completely seal Ming Dao and make him unable to use his full strength!"
"This Ming Dao is a bit stupid. He has the Holy Spear of Slaughter but has no chance to fight back! If I were Ming Dao, I would definitely cut off all means of retreat and counterattack! "
"I think you are the stupid one. In this case, Ming Dao has no chance to fight to the death. Because before that happens, Luo Zheng will kill him!"
Ji Nan held the flame kitten in her arms and stared at Luo Zheng's moves. Her eyes flashed with a strange light. "This guy should be testing his sword …"
"Using a Heaven's Pride to test his sword, hehe, I underestimated Luo Zheng's courage and strength," Jin Hai said with a faint smile.
Although Luo Zheng's previous performance was incomparably stunning, everyone only regarded Luo Zheng as a prodigy …
Even among geniuses, there were differences in strength.
For example, Ji Luoxue was an elite amongst prodigies, and his strength was already close to that of a Daoist. So long as he comprehended some more, he would be able to comprehend the Divine Dao and become a Daoist. Then, he would be a candidate to become a True God …
As for ordinary prodigies, there was still quite a gap between them and a Daoist.
But now, Ji Nan once again adjusted her judgment. Luo Zheng and Ji Luoxue at his peak were probably on par …
"Get out of my way!"
At this moment, Ming Dao's heart was filled with anger!
If Luo Zheng had supreme strength, it would be fine if he could really kill him!
But this guy was only alert for a moment, restricting him in every aspect. He had a body full of strength but was unable to display it!
If they were to face each other head-on, he would have pierced countless holes in this fellow's body.
This kind of grievance grew wildly in his heart like weeds.
The Sacred Spear of Massacre in his hand danced wildly like a spinning wheel, trying to force Luo Zheng away!
Whoosh! Whoosh!
But Luo Zheng seemed to be glued to his spear. The faster the Sacred Spear spun, the faster Luo Zheng's body spun!
What kind of f * cking movement technique was this!
Ming Dao cursed wildly in his heart!
This guy was a ghost that couldn't be shaken off!
Whoosh …
When his Sacred Spear stopped spinning, Luo Zheng was still holding his sword close to his body, staring at him expressionlessly.
"Go to hell!"
The Sacred Spear suddenly bounced back and stabbed toward Luo Zheng like a wild dragon exploring the sea. His spear moves were fast and ruthless, and together with the Sacred Spear, it was almost unstoppable. So this time, when he entered the Illusory Battlefield with the Sacred Spear, he was full of confidence. His goal was to enter the top ten of the Illusory Battlefield!
But no matter how fierce the moves, no matter how powerful the weapon, if it couldn't be fully displayed, it was useless!
Clang!
This fierce spear was still only able to stab halfway. The Thunder and Wind Ghost Divine Sword was placed on top of the spear shaft. With a gentle swing, there was a crisp sound, and the Sacred Spear was once again pushed away …
Luo Zheng was like a very patient chess player, skillfully displaying his chess skills and controlling his own situation.
He didn't move forward, he didn't retreat a step …
He was fully testing his understanding of the Yi Sword Technique.
But as Luo Zheng's opponent, Ming Dao was becoming more and more irritable at this moment. He was almost driven crazy by this feeling of helplessness, and there was a stuffy feeling in his chest. He wanted to swallow this stuffy feeling, but he couldn't swallow it. He wanted to spit it out, but he couldn't spit it out!
The gap between Ming Dao and Luo Zheng was originally not so big.
But in the eyes of everyone, the fight between Ming Dao and Luo Zheng was like an adult teaching a child a lesson, with almost no strength to fight back …
Phantom, who had been watching the battle, had an uncontrollable excitement on her face at this moment!
Before the battle, she thought that Luo Zheng would win against Ming Dao.
But she never thought that it would be such an ending.
That insufferably arrogant Ming Dao was actually easily toyed with by Luo Zheng just like that …
As the two fought, they were entangled all the way from a distance, gradually approaching the city wall.
Above the city wall, there were seven or eight people watching this scene with gloomy faces.
"Brother Ming Dao seems to be no match for that Luo Zheng."
"It's not that he can't win. With the full power of the Sacred Spear of Slaughter, Luo Zheng is definitely not Ming Dao's opponent. It's just that this guy's sword technique is strange, and he's controlling the situation to prevent Ming Dao from performing."
"We should take action!"
The rule of the Illusory Battlefield at this stage was that there were no rules.
Although this battle was between Luo Zheng and Ming Dao, no one said that they were not allowed to lend a helping hand.
These warriors who followed Ming Dao also understood that as long as they helped Ming Dao and gave him space to perform, they would be able to kill Luo Zheng with the help of the Sacred Spear of Slaughter.
So the eight warriors jumped out at the same time and left the city wall.
"Oh no, those guys want to join the battle!" Ji Nan's bright eyes flashed with a touch of fierceness.
"Let's go too!" Jin Hai made a prompt decision.
Phantom also jumped out of the city wall at the same time. After all, Luo Zheng was helping her …
Seeing that the warriors of the two teams on the city wall seemed to want to join the battle, the warriors watching the battle on the city wall suddenly became excited.
"There are more and more people! Hehe, this battle will be more exciting! "
"I'm afraid that the warriors on Luo Zheng's side will be at a disadvantage. After all, there are more people on Ming Dao's side …"
These warriors who followed Ming Dao were all made friends in the Karma Hall. Their strength was also not bad!
As soon as they left the city wall, these eight warriors divided the work clearly. Two of them went to help Ming Dao resist Luo Zheng, the other three directly attacked Luo Zheng, and the other four intercepted Luo Zheng's helpers, namely Ji Nan, Phantom, and the others.
This distribution was indeed a flawless plan.
However, they missed one point. They still miscalculated Luo Zheng's strength.
They thought that Luo Zheng had no time to be distracted in order to seal off Ming Dao …
However, the moment they left the city wall, Luo Zheng's long sword had already brewed a rapidly contracting sword essence, and at the same time, he stabbed out with a backhand.
"Yi Shen's Sword!"
The rapidly contracting sword essence drew a graceful arc in the air!
It was almost close to the city wall as it stabbed toward them!
"Puff!"
That sword essence contained an extremely fierce momentum, and at this moment, it streaked toward the top of the city wall.
The two warriors who had just left the city were stunned. Almost before they could react, a bloody scar appeared in the middle of their bodies. These two warriors were killed by Luo Zheng's sword, and they fell down from the city wall …
Such a terrifying sword strike immediately shocked all the martial artists present. Even Ming Dao, who had been ravaged by Luo Zheng, had a stunned expression on his face. This was this fellow's true strength?
Inside and outside the main city, there was silence.
However, Luo Zheng still did not stop. The first sword stabbed out with a backhand, killing two warriors, and the second sword was almost without hesitation.
After completely falling into the state of severing emotions, Luo Zheng's behavior became very rigid, and his attacks were even more ruthless.
"Yi Shen's Sword!"
The long sword slashed out in the air.
Another sword essence streaked across the air, and the second sword killed another three warriors …
In just a few breaths' time, Luo Zheng used Yi Shen's Sword to kill five people, and these five people were all followers of Ming Dao.