Such two swift and fierce swords suddenly slashed out in the air, causing everyone to be a little dazed …
Ji Nan and the others had already determined that Luo Zheng was using Ming Dao to test his swords, so they didn't use their full strength. However, the two swords still caught them off guard. Although they had already left the city, they were still floating in the air …
In the Karma Hall, Luo Zheng didn't use the Godly Yi Sword.
What he displayed was his tyrannical physical body and monstrous strength.
Ji Nan sniffed her delicate nose and said, "This guy doesn't need our help at all …"
There were many onlookers here, and there was no lack of desperadoes secretly observing the battle between Luo Zheng and Ming Dao.
In their opinion, whether it was Luo Zheng or Ming Dao, both had an astronomical number of Fantasy Points. If they could kill them and obtain half of their Fantasy Points, their ranking would soar, and they would quickly enter the top ranks of this great world!
These fugitives were observing and waiting for an opportunity to strike.
If they succeeded, they would make a huge profit. If they failed, they would only be killed once …
Now that they saw Luo Zheng's true strength, these people dispelled this crazy idea. This Luo Zheng was too terrifying.
As for Ming Dao, who was holding the Holy Spear of Slaughter, his expression was extremely unnatural. He was a little dazed.
At this moment, Luo Zheng stared at Ming Dao and said indifferently, "Shall we … continue?"
Surrounding but not killing, in the dao of gambling, it was called killing one's heart.
This was the Illusion Battlefield. Luo Zheng wouldn't be able to shatter Ming Dao's martial heart, but it was enough to severely damage his confidence!
Whoosh!
The Holy Spear of Slaughter stabbed out again.
"Ding …"
It was still blocked by Luo Zheng's sword. Then, Luo Zheng's voice sounded.
"You're a prodigy of the Fiend Night Clan, but a prodigy shouldn't be so weak …"
Now, Ming Dao couldn't use his spear. His entire back was pressed against the city wall, and there was no way out. He could only look at Luo Zheng in despair. Under this pressure, he even had the urge to at least get rid of this demon-like guy!
"So you made a mistake. It's a good thing to have a sharp weapon, but you've lost your confidence. You blindly rely on this spear, and you can't display your strength …" As Luo Zheng spoke, his eyes regained some vigor. He gradually withdrew from the emotion-severing state, and a faint smile appeared on his face....
Luo Zheng's words suddenly made Ming Dao's heart........
... From the beginning to end, he had only used the Holy Spear's's's ability.....
After Luo Zheng had sealed his attacks, he had become extremely passive from the beginning to the end. His own strength was not only limited to this, but he had relied too much on this spear.
Even worse, the Holy Spear of Slaughter was very powerful, but it also depended on who was wielding it ….
Since the Holy Spear of Slaughter was forged, it was powered by the King of Slaughter's' Faith. Ordinary warriors could use their True Yuan to power it, but they couldn't display the true power of the Holy Spear of Slaughter.
"Yes, I rely too much on the Holy Spear," Ming Dao said dully. But in the blink of an eye, Ming Dao's eyes burst into a smile again. This smile contained a trace of coldness. "But you've also made a mistake …."
"What mistake?" Luo Zheng stared at Ming Dao and asked.
"Your mistake is …. You think you've won!"
As soon as Ming Dao finished speaking, two thin vines suddenly spread out from the Holy Spear of Slaughter's shaft. The top of the two vines, one black and one white, was extremely sharp. The moment they grew out, they drilled into Ming Dao's arm ….
If they were here, they would understand what Ming Dao was doing.
He was worshipping him. He was offering himself to the Holy Spear of Slaughter ….
The King of Slaughter of the Fiend Night Clan led his subordinates to resist the invasion of foreign clans.
As the King of Slaughter, there was no such thing as failure. There was only death ….
If he faced an opponent he couldn't defeat, the King of Slaughter would activate the final move of the Holy Spear and offer himself to the Holy Spear of Slaughter.
All his meridians would be replaced by Ruo Mu and Xunmu. After offering himself to the Holy Spear of Slaughter, he would become a killing machine controlled by the Holy Spear of Slaughter. He would become an immortal existence in a short period of time. His combat strength would also increase tremendously!
The past Kings of Slaughter mostly died in this tragic way. But before they died in battle, they would drag two or three Empyreans down with them!
Back then, Xunmu was killed by Yao. In the face of internal strife, Xunmu didn't choose to offer himself to the Holy Spear of Slaughter. At that time, he thought there was still room to turn things around. Otherwise, even if the Faith Pond was sealed, Xunmu would still drag Yao into hell.
There was no true death in the Illusory Battlefield ….
But after Ming Dao offered himself, he could return to the main city and be resurrected. So at this moment, he offered himself to the Holy Spear of Slaughter without hesitation.
When the two vines invaded Ming Dao's arm, his face paled. It was clear he was in great pain.
The vines began to extend rapidly. Two bulges could be seen on the skin of his arm. They were like two worms wriggling in his body. They followed his arm and quickly invaded his internal organs. They quickly spread out in his body and finally took control of his body!
At this moment, Luo Zheng had an extremely bad feeling in his heart. This was a state of life and death crisis!
Luo Zheng, who realized that the situation was not good, twisted his arm and suddenly thrust his sword at Ming Dao!
This sword directly pierced through Ming Dao's chest ….
But after Luo Zheng withdrew his sword, he didn't find a single trace of blood on it.
The blood in Ming Dao's body had been sucked dry by the Holy Spear of Slaughter. And on the black and white Holy Spear of Slaughter, there were traces of blood.
"Kill!"
Luo Zheng's eyebrows furrowed. The Thunder Wind Dark Divine Sword erupted with an unparalleled might!
Puff puff puff puff ….
Every slash of the sword left a shocking wound on Ming Dao's body.
But no blood flowed out. Moreover, the sword couldn't shatter Ming Dao's body. Ming Dao's meridians had been replaced by the two divine trees, Ruo Mu and Xun Mu. Just like the Jianmu, these divine trees that came from the Heavenly Dao couldn't be broken!
Not long after, Ming Dao suddenly opened his eyes. At this moment, his eyes were in a sluggish state, revealing waves of death intent. At the same time, his throat involuntarily made strange sounds.
After offering himself to the Holy Spear of Slaughter, the Holy Spear became Ming Dao's master, and Ming Dao became a "zombie" controlled by the Holy Spear.
Realizing that something was wrong, Luo Zheng abruptly retreated along the main city's wall, pulling away from Ming Dao by several feet!
At this moment, Ming Dao began to move. Or it could be said that the Holy Spear began to move ….
Whoosh!
Although Ming Dao's movements were slightly stiff like a zombie, his speed was extremely fast.
However, its speed was surprisingly fast, so fast that even Luo Zheng found it difficult to dodge!
Even though Luo Zheng had pulled away from Ming Dao, the Holy Spear of Slaughter in Ming Dao's hand caught up with Luo Zheng in the blink of an eye. The double-tipped spear in his hand was as fast as lightning as it pierced toward Luo Zheng!
It was a straight stab!
There was nothing fancy about it, but it was very deadly because its speed was so fast that Luo Zheng couldn't understand it.
Among all the martial arts in the world, only speed was unbreakable.
When one's speed reached such an extreme, every move and every move was fatal.
Even if Luo Zheng used the Eight Paths of Flying Smoke and twisted his body as much as possible, it was difficult for him to avoid it. The spear directly pierced through Luo Zheng's right chest and went through Luo Zheng's back. This spear left four bloody holes on Luo Zheng's shoulder, from which fresh blood flowed out.
After the first spear succeeded, Ming Dao's right hand gently retracted, and the second spear followed closely behind.
Before offering himself, Ming Dao had already transmitted the idea of killing Luo Zheng to the Holy Spear. At this moment, the Holy Spear of Slaughter's only goal was to kill Luo Zheng. It wouldn't stop until one of them was dead!