Ming Dao, who had sacrificed himself to the Holy Spear, was like a puppet caught in a massacre.
As Luo Zheng retreated, Ming Dao took advantage of the situation and chased after him!
However, due to the protection of the Heavenly Dao, Ming Dao, who was holding the Holy Spear, was blocked outside the city wall just like those little skulls!
The difference was that those little skulls could not penetrate the thin film, but Ming Dao, who was controlled by the Holy Spear, had this ability!
"Bo!"
The invisible film was directly torn apart by the blood-red light released by the Holy Spear, and he actually drilled into the main city!
The strength of the sacrifice determined the power of the Holy Spear at this moment.
For example, after sacrificing himself, he could completely squeeze out the potential of the Holy Spear, and the power it erupted with was incomparable.
However, after Ming Dao sacrificed himself, his strength also soared greatly!
However …
Although Ming Dao broke through the invisible film, he was still suppressed by the Heavenly Dao in the main city!
Luo Zheng quickly retreated, and the Holy Spear spun wildly, going against the Heavenly Dao all the way as it chased after Luo Zheng!
At this moment, Luo Zheng could not fight back. After all, fighting was prohibited in the main city.
However, Luo Zheng did not want to fight Ming Dao at all. Flying and fighting were prohibited in the main city, so he just kept retreating …
Fortunately, under the suppression of the Heavenly Dao, Ming Dao's speed was not fast. Going against the Heavenly Dao required extremely powerful strength. After Ming Dao sacrificed himself, although he could resist the Heavenly Dao to a certain extent, it was still very difficult for him to move forward. His speed was not much faster than Luo Zheng's.
As for the onlookers, they could only choose to watch the show. After all, no one could make a move …
From the main city wall, Luo Zheng kept retreating while Ming Dao kept approaching. The spinning double-tipped spear was less than a foot away from the tip of Luo Zheng's nose!
100 feet, 200 feet, 300 feet …
When it was 1,000 feet away, the tip of the spear was less than two inches away from Luo Zheng's face!
However, at this moment, Ming Dao suddenly stopped moving and froze on the spot.
Everyone looked at the scene in front of them in silence. They had never seen a fight that could be fought in the main city before.
Whoosh …
A gentle breeze blew past …
Some fine powder fell from Ming Dao's body …
Soon, Ming Dao's entire body began to disintegrate, turning into dust. The Sacred Spear of Slaughter also fell to the ground with a clang.
Previously, the Underworld Dao had relied on the power of the Holy Spear of Slaughter to resist the Heavenly Dao's rules to a certain extent.
However, there was a time limit to the consecration. The stronger one was, the longer this time limit would be.
With Ming Dao's current Divine Sea Realm cultivation, if he offered himself to the Holy Spear of Slaughter, he would only be able to last for less than 50 breaths.
When all of his vitality was drained away by the Sacred Spear of Slaughter, the Heavenly Dao's laws formed an irresistible pressure that pressed down on his body. This was why his body was instantly reduced to dust!
"Buzz …"
A red light floated away. That was Ming Dao's soul. After this death, he naturally returned to the main city to be resurrected.
Luo Zheng furrowed his brows at this moment.
"No Fantasy Points?"
As a prodigy, Ming Dao had broken through the Karma Hall and fought in this core main city for a long time. The number of Fantasy Points in his body should be an astonishing number. However, no Fantasy Points appeared from Ming Dao's body. Luo Zheng also looked puzzled.
Ming Dao's ranking was indeed higher than Luo Zheng's. He was ranked fourth in this major world and 88th in the Illusion Battlefield!
However, no Fantasy Points appeared from Ming Dao's death. Everyone also looked puzzled.
"What's going on? Why didn't Fantasy Points appear after Ming Dao died?"
"Isn't this cheating?"
"Perhaps Ming Dao has other methods?"
Luo Zheng was not the only one puzzled. Everyone else was also puzzled, including Ji Nan, Jin Hai, and the others. They walked down from the city walls and surrounded Luo Zheng.
As for the Phantom, it heaved a sigh of relief. Although Luo Zheng was considered to have "retreated", he still won in the end …
Fighting prodigies was often accompanied by huge risks. Naturally, it was proportional to the rich rewards, such as a huge number of Fantasy Points.
However, at this moment, a sinister laugh was heard, and a cultivator walked towards Luo Zheng. "Hehehe, since the boss of the Underworld is willing to sacrifice himself, he must have thought of a way out. You are also very strange …"
This warrior was a warrior who followed Ming Dao. Previously, Luo Zheng had killed five people with two swords. The remaining three had retreated to the main city. This person was one of them.
As he walked, he casually glanced at the Holy Spear of Slaughter on the ground …
According to the rules, after dying in the Illusion Battlefield, a warrior's clothes, equipment, and spatial rings would reappear along with their resurrection.
However, the strange thing was that the Holy Spear of Slaughter did not disappear. Instead, it fell here.
This warrior naturally did not want the Holy Spear of Slaughter to fall into Luo Zheng's hands. Now that Luo Zheng had not picked up the Holy Spear of Slaughter, he approached the double-pointed spear as he spoke. In any case, there was no fighting in the main city. Whoever snatched it would own it …
However, although Luo Zheng was puzzled, when he saw the warrior walk over, he gently picked up the Holy Spear of Slaughter with the tip of his foot and then stuffed it into his spatial ring. He even smiled faintly at the warrior. "I am indeed very puzzled. Can you solve my doubts?"
Seeing Luo Zheng's actions, the warrior's face suddenly stiffened. He cursed in his heart and then said coldly, "Big Brother Ming Dao has obtained three Exemption Tokens! These three Exemption Tokens allow him to not lose any Fantasy Points when he dies! Heh … Don't mention killing him once, even if you kill him three times, you will gain nothing. I advise you to hand over Big Brother Ming Dao's weapon. Otherwise, he will never let you go! "
When everyone heard this person's explanation, they suddenly understood. Envy immediately appeared on their faces.
He actually had three Exemption Tokens. This thing was too excessive!
Luo Zheng felt relieved. He was just curious. Since he had the opportunity to obtain a Transfer Token, it was not strange for someone else to obtain three Exemption Tokens. As for this person's threat, Luo Zheng only smiled faintly. "Won't let me go? Without this Holy Spear of Slaughter, what qualifications does he have to not let me go? "
Regardless of Ming Dao's strength, he had already developed a cowardly awareness towards Luo Zheng. He had lost in terms of momentum. Now that the Holy Spear was in Luo Zheng's possession, he did not have the courage to confront Luo Zheng head-on …
Soon, Ming Dao, who had revived in the main city, rushed over. The moment he saw Luo Zheng, he asked with a gloomy expression, "Where is my weapon!?"
After enshrining the spear, his consciousness had been sealed. Thus, until his death, he did not know what had happened. Now that he saw Luo Zheng standing here and his Holy Spear could not be found, how could his expression be good?
"It was taken by this person!" the warrior said to Ming Dao.
Anger flashed in Ming Dao's eyes. He stretched out his hand and said sternly, "Again!"
"This Holy Spear of Slaughter originally did not belong to you. How can you talk about returning it?" Luo Zheng smiled faintly.
Since he had obtained this Holy Spear of Slaughter, Luo Zheng began to plan in his heart. Should he use five million fantasy points to make a trip to the Karma Hall?
If there was time …
Luo Zheng was willing to give Xun a surprise.
Hearing Luo Zheng's words, Ming Dao stared at Luo Zheng for a while, and a sharp glint flashed in his eyes. "I did not expect that the world-famous Luo Zheng was just a coward. He did not dare to face me head-on and even fled into the main city with his tail between his legs. Even with the suppression of the Heavenly Dao, he was almost killed by me. Haha!"
Since they could not fight in the main city, Ming Dao could only provoke him with words.
"We can fight again outside the city," Luo Zheng said faintly.
"Return the spear to me. Naturally, we can fight again," Ming Dao said again.
Luo Zheng smiled slightly and stared at Ming Dao with a mocking gaze. "Naturally, it is impossible to return the spear."
"Hmph, then forget about it. You can't do anything to me in the main city!" Ming Dao said coldly.
Although his weapon was confiscated from Luo Zheng, it was not a big deal. Now that Ming Dao was ranked fourth in this big world, he should be able to enter the next stage without any worries …
And this Holy Spear of Slaughter was just a projection. It did not matter if it was lost. However, Ming Dao could only use his life source magic weapon in the next stage.
At this moment, Ming Dao's gaze swept over and stared at Phantom. "You bitch! Come here! "
＝＝＝＝＝