When he explored the Secret Realm, he obtained three exemptions.
If he sacrificed himself with the power of the Sacred Spear, he would be almost invincible.
Not to mention ordinary prodigies, even Daozi could be killed at will after he sacrificed himself to the Sacred Spear of Slaughter.
But this situation should happen in the wilderness …
If Luo Zheng met him in the wilderness, far away from the main city, Luo Zheng would undoubtedly die!
Although the Underworld Dao worshipped him, he would not lose any Fantasy Points.
However, after being played by Luo Zheng just now, Ming Dao could not hold back.
In fact, his best choice should have been to lure Luo Zheng into the wilderness. However, at first, Ming Dao felt that he could defeat and kill Luo Zheng with the Sacred Spear. After falling into a passive position, he had lost this opportunity, so he chose to sacrifice himself at that time!
This approach was undoubtedly stupid. The main city was next to him. Even if he sacrificed himself and his strength soared, it was an impossible task to kill Luo Zheng in the main city.
The final result was that the Sacred Spear was seized by Luo Zheng …
At this moment, the knot in Ming Dao's heart could be imagined. At this moment, seeing Phantom standing silently not far away, he naturally had to find someone to vent his depression!
Phantom, who was not far away, heard Ming Dao's shout, and her body suddenly trembled.
"Don't go," Ji Nan whispered.
A complicated look flashed on Phantom's face, and she stood still.
"Bitch! Don't forget where you are now! "Ming Dao stared at Phantom and said coldly, a smile even appearing at the corner of his mouth.
Phantom was still in his palace. In the Illusory Battlefield, Ming Dao might not be able to do anything to her, but once she left the Illusory Battlefield, she was just a toy to him …
Phantom pursed her lips, and a sad look appeared in her eyes.
Although Phantom did not explain, with Jin Hai, Ji Nan, and the others' vision, how could they not see that Phantom was helpless?
In the end, Phantom moved away and walked toward Ming Dao …
The smile on Ming Dao's face grew wider and wider. Previously, the dispute between him and Luo Zheng was because of the Phantom. He had suffered a loss because of Luo Zheng, but Luo Zheng could do nothing to him in the end.
When Phantom was halfway through, Luo Zheng stood between them again and stared at Ming Dao with calm eyes.
"What do you think?" Ming Dao's voice carried a hint of sarcasm.
"Let her go," Luo Zheng said calmly.
"Sure." Ming Dao laughed heartily. "Give me back my spear!"
A trace of hesitation appeared on Luo Zheng's face … He really wanted to make a copy of the Holy Spear of Slaughter.
At this moment, Ming Dao also saw that although Luo Zheng looked indifferent, he actually valued his companions very much. Although Phantom had only gone to the Karma Hall with him once, Luo Zheng would not stand idly by.
"Hahaha …" Ming Dao's gaze fell on Phantom again, and he ordered, "Take off all your clothes. Let's have an erotic dance for everyone's entertainment!"
Hearing Ming Dao's words, many onlookers suddenly showed a touch of excitement in their eyes.
The women of the Demon Night Clan were all noble and elegant. It was rare to see their naked bodies.
Phantom gritted her teeth, "Ming Dao! I … "
"Remember, you are not my woman. You are just my plaything. Remember your identity. You have no choice!" Ming Dao's smile became more and more intense.
In Ming Dao's view, Phantom had no room to resist at all. This was the case in the outside world, and it was the same in the Illusory Battlefield!
The reason was very simple. The Holy Spear Sect had not only fallen into his hands, but also many of Phantom's relatives. With Ming Dao's status, it could be said that he controlled Phantom, including the life and death of the people around her. Phantom had no room to disobey his orders.
Phantom gritted her teeth, glanced at Luo Zheng, and asked softly, "Luo Zheng, will you return to the Demon Night Clan with my King?"
My King was naturally referring to the King of Slaughter supported by the Holy Spear Sect, Xun.
Hearing this question, Luo Zheng was slightly stunned. Phantom was a woman of few words. Although he could guess the general situation like Jin Hai and Ji Nan, it was impossible for him to guess the ins and outs of the matter. After all, Luo Zheng was not a prophet.
"Six years ago, I had always hoped that Luo Zheng and Xun could return …"
"To be able to rescue me from that damned Dark Winter Palace …"
"I am still very young. My skeletal age is only 28 years old. I still have a chance to become a heaven's pride of the Demon Night Clan. I don't want to be Ming Dao's plaything. My talent … is better than his!"
"But I also know that a few years is too short. It's impossible to return so quickly …"
"I might … not be able to wait until that day …"
As Phantom spoke, tears welled up in her eyes.
She was not the only one who was looking forward to it. The entire Holy Spear Sect was enduring humiliation as they waited for the day when Xun returned.
Phantom was very clear about the consequences of disobeying Ming Dao today. When she left the Illusory Battlefield in the future, her fate would be very miserable.
But Phantom also understood that although Ming Dao seemed to be making things difficult for her, he was actually using her to threaten Luo Zheng.
Phantom now understood that she did not want to affect Luo Zheng in any way. At this moment, she wanted to get an answer from Luo Zheng.
Looking at Phantom's current expression, Luo Zheng felt a soft spot in his heart being touched.
Helping Xun return to the throne was still a mess. Although he went to the Asura World, sent people to infiltrate the Demon Night Clan, and then killed Xun to tell him a secret hidden in the stars, Luo Zheng was trapped in the Immortal Mansion and could not do anything for six years!
He did not know that there were so many people in the Demon Night Clan who had such great expectations for him …
Luo Zheng stared at Phantom and reached out to wipe away the tears on her face. He nodded and said, "I will!"
Just these two words made Phantom stop crying. After she nodded, she rubbed her eyes and walked towards Ming Dao. There was an almost resolute sneer on her face. After sniffing her delicate and tall nose, she said, "Ming Dao, in fact, I have always wanted to tell you that I think your talent in martial arts, if it weren't for your father, is almost a waste …" She paused for a moment and continued, "When you are in bed, you are even more useless."
After saying that, a relieved smile suddenly appeared on Phantom's face. She smiled very gently, as if she was relieved.
She had endured enough over the years.
She was a person of few words, but she had said so much in a row.
The Demon Night Clan was much more bold and unrestrained than the Human Race when it came to matters between men and women, so her words were unrestrained.
Regardless of whether the style was bold and unrestrained, as a man, the most intolerable thing was for a woman to expose his shortcomings in front of so many people. Moreover, Phantom was just one of his many playthings!
"Pfft …"
Ji Nan, who was not far away, blushed slightly, but she could not help laughing.
As for the many warriors around, they all had some strange expressions on their faces …
This was a dignified genius, a Divine Sea Realm warrior. How could she not be good in that aspect?
Jin Hai put his hands together. His face was calm, but the corners of his mouth were slightly raised.
As for Cang Mo, he could not help but burst into laughter. The laughter from his rough throat was very harsh.
Ming Dao's face stiffened. He stared coldly at Phantom, wishing he could cut her into pieces with his gaze. In a fit of anger, he actually laughed, "Hahaha … Phantom, I didn't expect that after letting you enter the Illusory Battlefield, you would grow up! Very good, very good … Do you know what the price will be? "
"Death," Phantom said calmly. At this point, her wish seemed to have been fulfilled by Luo Zheng's promise. Anyway, she was tired of living like this and being a plaything of this kind of person.
"No," Ming Dao shook his head, "How can I let you die so easily? You should know the most terrible punishment of my Demon Night Clan!"
Phantom replied faintly, "The Eternal Night Punishment."
"Yes, I will throw you and your entire clan into the Eternal Night Punishment … I will let you experience an unforgettable torture! Hahaha … "Ming Dao's emotions were abnormally agitated. He roared wildly. He could only use threats to vent his anger.
Luo Zheng sighed softly in his heart. He could only blame himself for not being strong enough. The sooner he became strong, the sooner he could return to the Demon Night Clan with Xun …