This was the voice of the mysterious girl.
The rules of the Illusion Battlefield had been announced by this mysterious girl several times …
But now, the rules had suddenly changed.
In the first stage of the Illusion Battlefield, the various main cities could still be protected by martial artists because of the existence of the powerful Heavenly Dao. As long as you didn't leave the main city, you would be safe.
Even if you were a prodigy, the Daozi wouldn't be able to do anything to you …
However, the later stages of the Illusion War, the more intense the competition would be.
The Illusion Points would start to tilt towards a small number of people.
For example, Ming Dao had a large number of Illusion Points and was ranked fourth in this world. As long as he didn't leave the main city, it would be very difficult for others to catch up.
However, at this moment, the rules of the Illusion Battlefield changed.
The main city was no longer a safe haven for martial artists. On the contrary, it would become an Asura Battlefield …
After all, almost all the martial artists were concentrated in the main cities. Only a small number of martial artists would leave the main city to explore the endless wilderness.
Once all the restrictions were removed, all martial artists would be able to fight freely!
At the moment of contact, the little skulls wandering outside the main city began to rush into the city and bite Luo Zheng's back row. Those little skulls were densely packed and formed a cloak of skulls.
Ming Dao was originally laughing wildly, but after hearing the mysterious girl's voice, he was suddenly stunned.
Luo Zheng looked at Ming Dao indifferently, and a warm smile appeared on his face. "Why aren't you laughing?"
Previously, Ming Dao didn't care about his defeat. He had three exemptions in his hands. Even if he was killed by Luo Zheng three times, he wouldn't lose any Illusion Points.
Moreover, after the Sacred Massacre Spear was taken away, he wouldn't foolishly rush out of the city. Luo Zheng wouldn't be able to do anything to him.
Who knew that the battle restrictions in the main city would be removed at this moment?
A chill suddenly swept across the back of his neck. As long as he could maintain his position as the fourth in the world, he would definitely be able to advance to the next stage of the Illusion Battlefield!
However …
After realizing the danger he was in, Ming Dao shot backward almost like a conditioned reflex.
He had already lost the courage to fight Luo Zheng head-on. Now, all he wanted was to escape!
"Huala …"
At the same time, the entire main city began to fall into chaos.
This main city was not the only one in chaos.
In the entire Illusory Battlefield, the fifty great realms would fall into chaos …
The martial artists in every main city began to recklessly kill each other. There were also a large number of martial artists who began to flee in all directions. The main city was no longer their shelter, but a slaughterhouse!
Somewhere in another great world.
His long and tender fingers gently intertwined and waved, and huge swords began to dance along with his fingers at the same time, forming a complicated sword array and descending towards a main city!
Weak, strong, good at hiding, good at surprise attacks …
Eighty percent of the martial artists in this main city had perished under the sword array!
Xi Youqin cocked her head to the side as she looked at the main city that had been reduced to rubble. There was a look of yearning on her face.
"My luck was pretty good. They all hid in the main city and refused to come out. I was about to leave … but the rules changed!"
…
Xi Youqin's act of instantly annihilating an entire main city by herself was rather extreme, but it was not uncommon.
Many experts reacted at this moment and tried their best to kill the martial artists in the main city!
In the outside world, under everyone's observation, the name rankings on the pyramid began to fluctuate violently once again! Countless names kept surging up and down in the pyramid like a tidal wave.
The lower the ranking of the martial artists, the greater the fluctuation.
On the contrary, the names of the martial artists near the top of the rankings fluctuated much less.
After all, the martial artists at the top of the food chain in the Illusory Battlefield were at the top of the food chain.
This change in the rules was not only harmless to them, but it was also very beneficial.
Under such circumstances, the experts could plunder a greater amount of Illusory Points …
Just like before, when Ji Luoxue controlled a main city, she could only collect two Illusory Points for each martial artist she targeted.
If she collected too many Illusory Points, they might as well not leave the city. After all, if they were killed by Ji Luoxue once they left the city, it was equivalent to giving her free Illusory Points.
However, at this moment, Ji Luoxue did not need to collect Illusory Points. She would start plundering the entire main city at an extremely fast speed. In any case, no one could stop her.
However, this situation still depended on which main city it was. For example, the core main city that Luo Zheng was in was the exit of the Karma Hall. There were countless experts there. Apart from Ming Dao, there were also a few other prodigies.
No one could easily kill 80% of the martial artists like Xi Youqin. Even Luo Zheng could not do it …
"Huan Ling, Ji Nan … Protect yourselves." After Luo Zheng finished speaking, his figure suddenly shot out and chased after Ming Dao!
Ming Dao retreated at an extremely fast speed. After retreating several hundred feet from Luo Zheng, he flipped over and sped into the sky. However, Luo Zheng's reaction was not slow at all. Almost at the instant that Ming Dao rushed out, he followed closely behind.
Although Luo Zheng had taken away this person's Sacred Spear, he did not take away his Illusory Points. At this moment, Luo Zheng only had one thought in his mind, and that was to completely plunder all of Ming Dao's Illusory Points!
…
Ji Nan, Jin Hai, Cang Mo, Huan Ling, and An Si quickly gathered together at this moment!
The martial artists who had originally planned to watch either started fighting or fled like Ming Dao. Many of them quickly flew into the sky.
The group of cultivators who reacted the fastest had succeeded. They had escaped into the vast wilderness to seek refuge for the time being.
As for the martial artists who reacted slightly slower, they were intercepted and killed. After contributing half of their Illusory Points, they slowly began to "revive" in a corner of the main city.
Ji Nan and the others were not ordinary after all!
If the five of them worked together, perhaps even Luo Zheng would be helpless.
Except for a few geniuses in the main city, they would not encounter any natural enemies here. To put it bluntly, they were the only ones who could plunder other people's Illusory Points. No one could plunder them!
Streaks of sharp light dissipated in all directions, and strong waves of True Origin attacked. This kind of scene could only be seen in a racial war. Although there had been rumors over the years that many races in the universe would definitely fall into chaos and launch an unprecedented global war, this war was the real battle of the world!
At this moment, in the Illusory Battlefield, it was a rehearsal in advance.
On the other side, Luo Zheng did not let Ming Dao escape too far away. When Ming Dao escaped to an altitude of thousands of feet, he was intercepted by Luo Zheng. Luo Zheng deliberately took the Sacred Spear of Slaughter in his hands. Holding the spear in one hand and the sword in the other, he looked at Ming Dao with a faint smile on his face. "Should I kill you three times? Or five times? You choose one? "
If he was killed once, he would lose half of his Illusory Points. If he was killed twice, he would lose three-quarters. If he was killed three times, he would lose seven-eighth …
Ming Dao's face was gloomy. If he was really killed by Luo Zheng three times, his ranking would probably fall out of the top 100,000 …
That was a loss he could not accept. With a flip of his hand, he took out a purple spear again. This was a first-grade divine artifact, and it was Ming Dao's life weapon!