At this moment, Ming Dao's face was livid. He stared at Luo Zheng, thinking about how to deal with it.
According to the prediction of the powerful figures in the clan, the first stage of the Illusory Battlefield was about to end!
The first stage would eliminate most of the warriors. In each big world, perhaps only 50 people could enter the second stage!
In the 50 big worlds, there were a total of 2,500 people …
There were trillions of warriors in the whole world, and only a few would survive. These 2,000 people were the elites of the elites in the Divine Sea Realm. They were either the descendants of some big worlds, the sons of Celestial Venerables, heavenly talents, or Daoists!
These predictions were based on the fragmented information left behind in the last round of evolution.
But they were still mostly correct.
Just like how Ming Dao knew about the existence of these main cities and the Karma Hall before he entered the Illusory Battlefield!
In this Illusory Battlefield, Ming Dao's journey was smooth sailing. Without too many accidents, he climbed all the way to the fourth place in the big world.
This ranking was more than enough for him to enter the second stage!
There might be people who could push him down a few places, but it was impossible for him to fall out of the top 50.
He could choose a place with good scenery in the main city to sleep …
However, he didn't expect that the rules of the Illusory Battlefield would suddenly change. The powerful figures in the clan didn't predict that people could kill each other in the main cities. Maybe it wasn't recorded in the historical records, or maybe the records were incomplete.
Now Ming Dao was really regretting it.
If it weren't for the Phantom, he wouldn't have provoked this damn Luo Zheng!
And because of his impulsiveness, the Sacred Spear fell into Luo Zheng's hands. What could he use to fight against Luo Zheng?
"Whoosh!"
From his Sumeru Ring, a blood-red light shot out. That was his natal magic treasure, the Flying Crane Spear. It was a first-grade divine weapon. In the hands of an ordinary warrior, it was a precious treasure. But compared to the Sacred Spear of Slaughter, it was naturally thousands of miles away.
Even if Ming Dao knew that he couldn't defeat Luo Zheng, as a heavenly talent, how could Ming Dao be tied up without a fight?
Besides, if he used his full strength, he might not lose to Luo Zheng!
"Blood Crane Dance!"
As the Nether Dao spear swept out, rays of blood-red light spread out, and mixed with countless spear shadows, shot straight at Luo Zheng.
Luo Zheng's figure flashed slightly, and he activated [Eight Paths of Flying Smoke] with a calm expression on his face …
Ever since he had played Go with Chen Huang, his understanding of swordsmanship had reached a new level.
Not only had Luo Zheng's swordsmanship improved, but his thinking in the battle had also improved qualitatively. For example, when he saw Ming Dao's spear sweeping toward him, he could calmly determine the best way to deal with it!
But this time, Luo Zheng did not draw his sword!
Instead, he raised the spear in his left hand and aimed it at Ming Dao.
Luo Zheng wasn't good with guns!
But when one cultivated to Luo Zheng's level, they could use grass, trees, and flowers as weapons. In the eyes of mortals, they could use all kinds of weapons …
Moreover, the Holy Spear of Slaughter was originally very powerful. When he held the Holy Spear of Slaughter in his hand, there was a huge will in the Holy Spear of Slaughter that was connected to Luo Zheng. It was this will that transmitted a very hungry feeling, desperately asking for something from Luo Zheng!
"Huh?"
When Luo Zheng obtained this spear before, he had only placed it in his Sumeru Ring. He didn't expect that after activating the Holy Spear, there would be such a mystery.
The Holy Spear was alive …
It was like a person who had been hungry for three days and three nights and was eagerly waiting for Luo Zheng to feed it.
"This Holy Spear of Slaughter was owned by the kings of the Night Demon Clan. I'm afraid that it's not just True Essence that drives this Holy Spear, but also the power of faith …"
"I don't have the power of faith, and I don't have a trace of True Essence in my body. I can only try using Chaos Qi."
Luo Zheng extracted a wisp of Chaos Qi from his body and circulated it through his meridians, pouring it into the Holy Spear of Slaughter!
"Crackle …"
When Luo Zheng poured the Chaos Qi into the Holy Spear of Slaughter, the Holy Spear of Slaughter suddenly emitted the sound of frying beans.
Opposite him, Ming Dao's hand bloomed with several spear lights, but how could Luo Zheng, who was using Eight Winding Smoke, be easily pierced by him? Every time, Luo Zheng was able to dodge Ming Dao's attack by three inches …
At this moment, Ming Dao heard the Holy Spear of Slaughter erupt and was slightly stunned. He stared at the Holy Spear of Slaughter …
"What's going on with this spear?"
However, Luo Zheng's face was also full of confusion …
He only felt the moment the Chaos Qi poured into the spear, the Chaos Qi was completely devoured by the spear!
"Not enough?"
Although he didn't know what had happened, Luo Zheng understood that this Holy Spear of Slaughter was definitely a glutton. Even with the Chaos Qi's condensed form, it still wasn't full?
Fortunately, Luo Zheng's Chaos Sea was not small. This time, the Chaos Qi was continuously poured into the Holy Spear of Slaughter …
At this moment, Luo Zheng didn't think too much. Feeling that the Chaos Qi was enough, he lightly shook the Holy Spear of Slaughter, held it with his left hand, and stabbed it towards Ming Dao!
"Whoosh …"
Using the Chaos Qi, a huge spear shadow appeared on the side of the Holy Spear of Slaughter.
This Single Thought was the Holy Spear of Slaughter's spear skill. It didn't need to cultivate any special martial skills. It could be directly used with the Chaos Qi!
Whether it was the size or the degree of its condensed form, this huge spear shadow far surpassed the Single Thought that Ming Dao had used before!
After noticing the spear shadow, Ming Dao's eyes flashed with shock. This Luo Zheng's Single Thought spear skill was more than a hundred times stronger than his? And this was the first time that Luo Zheng had used it …
For a moment, Ming Dao thought that his eyes were playing tricks on him!
Why?
Ming Dao was naturally aware of the characteristics of the Sacred Massacre Spear. Even though he did not know why the Sacred Massacre Spear had exploded, the spear shadow that was created with a single thought was related to the amount of vital essence that was poured into it.
Even if Ming Dao poured all of his True Essence Sea into it, it was impossible to achieve such an effect!
"This, this … is impossible!" Ming Dao roared.
"Nothing is impossible." Luo Zheng smiled slightly and suddenly thrust the Holy Spear of Slaughter toward Ming Dao!
The majestic illusory spear shadow spun wildly and strangled toward Ming Dao!
Previously, Ming Dao's Single Thought could leave a small hole on the city wall, and Luo Zheng's spear shadow could probably destroy the city wall under the protection of the Heavenly Dao's rules.
Facing this spear, Ming Dao couldn't resist at all!
"Run!"
This was the only thought in Ming Dao's mind at this moment.
However, he couldn't escape in the end, and Luo Zheng wouldn't let him escape either!
The huge spear shadow directly swallowed Ming Dao and disappeared completely in the blink of an eye.
Then, a red light spot flew toward the main city below with Ming Dao's soul. Although the rules had changed, cultivators could still be resurrected in the main city.
"There are still no Fantasy Points. Ming Dao has three exemptions … If I want to obtain his Fantasy Points, I have to kill him three times first!"
Thinking of this, Luo Zheng followed the red light spot. As long as Ming Dao was resurrected, he would kill him again!
The battle in the main city was already unusually intense …
Many cultivators in the main city were experts who had returned from the Karma Hall, and there were also a few prodigies among them. Now that everyone was fighting in the main city, one could imagine the destruction caused.
Under the protection of the Laws of the Heavenly Dao, all the buildings in the main city were originally intact, but in less than an incense stick's worth of time, the huge main city had been reduced to a pile of rubble.
"Boom!"
Bam!
"Huala …"
All kinds of nomological powers flew in all directions. If one wasn't careful, they might die without knowing who killed them.
In the streets of the main city, circular balls of light appeared. They were cultivators who had been resurrected after being killed.
Near these balls of light, there was a group of cultivators standing guard. When the cultivators who had been killed were resurrected, they would instantly attack and kill them again …
Some of the weaker martialists fell into this vicious cycle. They were resurrected, killed, resurrected, and killed again. The fantasy points in their bodies were also exhausted in the repeated deaths.
＝＝＝＝＝