At this stage, the ranking competition in the Illusory Battlefield had reached its most intense moment.
The names on the pyramid were constantly vibrating, and the attention of the outside world was also unprecedentedly huge …
"Lie Qianhan actually jumped to first place! Unbelievable, didn't he drop to the 200th place previously? "
"Xuanyuan Chenfeng also returned to the top three …"
"What's that Purple Conch thing? I have never heard of this person, but he actually entered the top ten … "
The top 100 in the Illusory Battlefield were the subject of everyone's discussion.
After all, the entire Illusory Battlefield was divided into 50 large worlds. At this stage, the geniuses of the 50 large worlds were still unable to meet each other. Therefore, the strength of the top 100 could not be directly measured. They were all the top experts of each large world.
Ning Yudie stared at the name on the pyramid while transferring her True Qi to Yang Kai.
Seeing Luo Zheng's name always made her feel at ease.
As she understood the Illusory Battlefield, she understood more and more what kind of state her husband was in now, and what kind of future he would have.
These top 100 geniuses were the favored children of heaven and earth. Even the gods had to take care of them. Any one of them would be valued by the various large races, because the future Dao Children would be born from these people. The True Gods of the universe would also be born from them …
Previously, Ning Yudie had heard of the Battle of the Great Era from Luo Zheng.
Then what was this Battle of the Great Era?
Not only was Ning Yudie unclear, but Luo Zheng himself was also not very clear.
Now, she believed that this Battle of the Great Era was the Divine Dao!
However, Ning Yudie did not know that this understanding of the Great Era was very narrow.
In fact, not only Ning Yudie, but the majority of the martial artists in the universe were also not very clear about this.
They only knew that after the Great Era descended, geniuses were like a fountain, and ordinary geniuses were not qualified to be called geniuses …
What was a genius? Being different from the masses, possessing incomparable talent and ability, this was a genius.
When the number of geniuses in the Great Era increased, then everyone was not considered a genius.
In the current universe, the true geniuses could only be the geniuses of the various large powers and races.
These people had all opened the Mahayana Lotus Flower. If this Lotus Flower was perfected, they would become Dao Children. This was the possibility of becoming a True God.
Not only did these people have the possibility of becoming True Gods, but they also carried the fate of the universe.
As the Battle of the Great Era continued to evolve, the crisis in the universe would erupt sooner or later. This kind of crisis was something that every cultivator and every living being in the universe could not avoid.
Every generation of Yan Ji was like this.
In the last evolution cycle, the danger that erupted in the great world was the fall of the stars and the arrival of the fire devil.
In the last cycle of evolution, the crisis that broke out in the world was the God's Punishment Plague …
The crisis that erupted in the Evolution Era before that was the fall of the stars …
One Era of Evolution was 3.6 billion years old, and before that was 10 billion years ago. There was no longer any historical data that could be found. The martial artists in the universe could only trace back to three Era of Evolution, and this history was still incomplete.
After all, after each cycle of evolution and extinction, all civilizations would disappear, and the things that could be passed down to the next evolution era were few and far between.
"Which force does Xi Youqin belong to? Why is she ranked sixtieth? "
Ning Yudie's face was a little gloomy. Naturally, she was not convinced that Xi Youqin was better than Luo Zheng.
"This Xi Youqin seems to be very unfamiliar, but I heard that this girl seems to have some background. She seems to be from the Extreme Purple Realm," someone replied.
"The Extreme Purple Realm, huh? The Extreme Purple Yin Constitution, so that's how it is." Although Ning Yudie knew that Xi Youqin had the Extreme Purple Yin Constitution, and that the giant swords that she used to control were very powerful, she did not know that the Extreme Purple Realm was so powerful in the Upper Realm that they could cultivate Xi Youqin to enter the top hundred of the universe?
"Whoosh!"
However, at this moment, a whip shadow suddenly lashed toward Ning Yudie!
"Smack!"
The whip shadow exploded in front of Ning Yudie's face!
Although it did not hit Ning Yudie, the strong wind brought about by the explosion of the whip shadow was like a knife that attacked her!
At this moment, faint ice crystals appeared on Ning Yudie's face. These ice crystals were arranged according to a certain distance, forming a special protective layer of vital energy.
"Crack …"
The blade-like strong wind cut the ice crystals, and the surface of these ice crystals cracked, revealing Ning Yudie's angry face.
If it were not for the protection of these ice crystals, her face would have been cut into pieces. Although there was a way to restore her appearance, she would have suffered a lot of damage!
"You, what are you trying to do!"
Ning Yudie suddenly stood up and glared at the middle-aged woman not far away with a face full of anger.
Although she was serving as a laborer here, pouring her vital energy into the illusory space of the Jade Pure Sacred Ground for free, she was not a slave of the Jade Pure Sacred Ground!
The middle-aged woman who was holding the whip not far away stared at Ning Yudie with a cold smile. "I've said it before, no noise is allowed here, but you've done it again. This whip is just a warning. If there's a next time, it won't be just this whip."
"I was only discussing in a low voice. It won't affect the pouring of vital energy. Besides, someone else is also talking. You … Why are you targeting me?" Ning Yudie asked coldly.
"Heh." The middle-aged woman held the whip in her hand as a disdainful smile appeared on her face. "Someone else? You're just an Ascended cultivator who has come from the lower realm to serve as a laborer. What right do you have to compare yourself with someone else? A slut like you … "
At this moment!
A black broken blade spiraled over and silently flashed a few times in the air. It then fluttered next to the middle-aged woman!
The broken blade was extremely fast and almost unavoidable. It instantly cut off the middle-aged woman's right arm!
Puff!
As blood sputtered out, the middle-aged woman let out a squeal like a pig being slaughtered.
As the martial artists who were pouring their true essence saw this, their complexions didn't change much. But, they all stood up and stared at the scene in front of them.
To a martial artist, losing an arm wasn't strange at all. But, if someone dared to injure someone here, that meant there was a problem. This person definitely had a considerable status within the Jade Pure Holy Lands.
After all, in front of the great hall of the dreamland space, even the Holy Lords of the Holy Lands had personally come to observe. How could an ordinary person dare to do anything here? Wasn't that the same as seeking death?
"Who is it? Why did you injure me!? "
The middle-aged woman clutched her arm, her eyes filled with bewilderment. This middle-aged woman could be considered an intelligent person. She knew that the person who dared to cut off her arm was not someone she could afford to provoke!
But, she hadn't done anything wrong, so why did they want to cut off her arm? Based on what?
The middle-aged woman couldn't accept this and thus opened her mouth to question this person!
Before long, a person walked out from the void. This person had a Divine Transformation realm cultivation. Many sharp-eyed martial artists recognized this person. This person was the Ninth Palace Master of the Jade Pure Holy Lands. She could be considered a top 100 ranked character of the Jade Pure Holy Lands!
"The reason I cut off your arm is to teach you some manners." The Ninth Palace Master coldly said. Then, she turned to look at Ning Yudie. Her cold face seemed to melt away as if it had met the sun, replaced by a warm smile. "Is this … Miss Ning?"
Ning Yudie was stunned. This person's cultivation was unfathomably deep, so why was she being so polite to her?
After she ascended, she had been despised everywhere and treated unfairly. Regret filled her heart. If she had known this would happen, she would have never ascended. In the Jade Pure Holy Lands, the Divine Sea realm wasn't anything at all!
"I am Ning Yudie." Ning Yudie truthfully replied.
The Ninth Palace Master kindly smiled. "Miss Ning, can you come with me?"
Being so polite, Ning Yudie had a strange expression on her face. But, she still nodded. "But, I still have to pour my true essence into this place …"
"Miss Ning's words are too polite. There is no need to mention this matter again." The Ninth Palace Master smiled.
Thus, Ning Yudie was led away by the Ninth Palace Master.
Under the watchful eyes of everyone present, the Ninth Palace Master personally brought away a woman who had just ascended. Naturally, everyone began to discuss this.
"Just where did that woman come from? She was actually taken care of by the Ninth Palace Master? "
"Look at how beautiful she is. Could some great figure of the Jade Pure Holy Lands have taken a liking to her?"
"What's the use of being beautiful? Not to mention those great figures, even you and I have many beautiful women by our side. "