Ning Yudie followed behind the Ninth Palace Master, feeling a little uneasy in her heart.
With her intelligence, how could she not guess what was going on?
She was just an ascender with no background in the higher realms. What good thing would happen to her?
There was only one possibility, Luo Zheng.
But after some understanding, she also knew about Luo Zheng's current situation.
He was indeed very famous in the universe, but this fame didn't come from any power. Moreover, he seemed to have offended many big powers …
Although Ninth Palace Master was very polite, she wasn't sure if this was a good thing or a bad thing.
Ning Yudie was more afraid that she would fall into the hands of Jade Pure Sacred Land and be used as a bargaining chip to threaten Luo Zheng. This was what she didn't want to face …
But she didn't have any room to resist!
She followed Ninth Palace Master around the illusory space and came to the plaza in front of the hall.
At this moment, all the core figures of Jade Pure Sacred Land were gathered here.
32 Palace Masters, various Palace Masters, Deacons, Elders …
The auras emitted by these people were abnormally strong. The weakest was at the Divine Transformation realm. There were even a few martial artists whose strength was unfathomable.
Ning Yudie was at the Divine Sea realm. Those she couldn't see through were at least half-step Sector Lords.
But under Ninth Palace Master's lead, these people all gathered their gazes on Ning Yudie …
"Is this woman really Luo Zheng's wife?"
"Luo Zheng is also an ascender. It isn't impossible for him to marry and have children in the lower realms. But the chances of him impersonating her are higher!"
"Impersonating? Hehe, wait until the Sacred Lord uses her Spirit Heart God Art to check. There's a price to pay for impersonating! "
Seeing Ning Yudie being brought here, the martial artists in the plaza began to discuss.
The Illusory Battlefield had reached its climax. They were especially concerned about the overall ranking.
The strongest core genius of Jade Pure Sacred Land, Shen Qing, had already entered 70,000 and his ranking was still rapidly climbing!
According to everyone's expectations, Shen Qing being able to rank around 100,000 was already a very impressive result. But now, Shen Qing had already rushed to 70,000. This naturally surprised the higher-ups of the Jade Pure Sacred Land.
After all, they were only a tenth-grade Holy Land, and there were hundreds of thousands of tenth-grade Holy Lands like them in the universe.
Of course, Shen Qing's results couldn't be compared to Luo Zheng's.
With Luo Zheng's current ranking, the entire Human Alliance would place great importance on him!
After all, less than a hundred out of the three thousand major worlds of the Human Dao Alliance had made it into the top ten thousand.
Under the gazes of so many powerhouses, Ning Yudie felt a little unnatural.
In the end, she followed Ninth Palace Master to an old man in a Daoist robe.
This Daoist robed old man sat on an immortal rattan chair. His gaze was fixed on the pyramid at the top of the Dream Space until Ninth Palace Master bowed deeply towards the old man. "Sacred Master, I have brought the person."
The Daoist robed old man was the Jade Pure Sacred Master. He was the master of this tenth-grade Holy Land.
After hearing Ninth Palace Master's words, the Jade Pure Sacred Master slowly withdrew his gaze. Perhaps it was because of the cultivation method he cultivated, but the Jade Pure Sacred Master looked exceptionally old. His movements were also incomparably slow. However, within his wrinkled eyes, there was a pair of bright eyes.
He glanced indifferently at Ning Yudie, then said in an aged voice, "Are you really Luo Zheng's wife?"
The cultivator by Ning Yudie's side was originally a grassroots cultivator. However, he was still a cultivator from the higher realms who had been born and raised in the Jade Pure Sacred Land.
After learning of Ning Yudie's background, he took this as an opportunity and used his connections to report it to his superiors.
He didn't expect that this matter would actually be reported by the Jade Pure Sacred Land's higher-ups. The cultivator who reported it also promised that if Ning Yudie's identity was confirmed, he would be given a decent reward.
Ning Yudie replied, "I'm here to find my husband."
The Jade Pure Sacred Master nodded slightly. "Look into my eyes …"
The moment Ning Yudie focused her gaze, she felt that she couldn't pull her gaze away from the old man's eyes. It was as though her entire body had sunk into them.
This was a Soul Divine Power!
Ning Yudie instantly came to this conclusion.
However, with Ning Yudie's cultivation, how could she resist the Soul Divine Power of a Sacred Master?
However, other than feeling her gaze being attracted, Ning Yudie didn't feel any discomfort.
After a while, the Jade Pure Sacred Master closed his eyes, and Ning Yudie's body suddenly trembled. Then, she let out a sigh of relief.
The other higher-ups of the Jade Pure Sacred Land also stared at the Jade Pure Sacred Master. The Jade Pure Sacred Master slowly said, "Luo Zheng ascended to the Spirit Channeling Realm of the Human Dao Alliance and was sent to the Thirteen Palaces to cultivate … He's considered a member of the Human Dao Alliance. Since you're Luo Zheng's wife and have the opportunity to ascend to the Jade Pure Sacred Land, I naturally have to take care of you. However … back then, Luo Zheng was sent directly to the Cloud Mist Heavenly Palace. If you're willing, I can send you to the Cloud Mist Heavenly Palace."
Although the Jade Pure Sacred Master was old and clumsy, he could see the situation very clearly.
If Luo Zheng hadn't climbed to the top of the pyramid, he wouldn't have asked about this matter. At most, he would've sent someone to investigate and casually settle Ning Yudie down.
Although Luo Zheng's reputation had been great before, he'd only displayed the power of the immortal estate. Now, Luo Zheng had completely proven his strength and was ranked seventy-seventh in the Dream Battlefield.
With the background of the great world, if this child were to mature, he would definitely become an extremely important figure in the Human Dao Alliance.
If he could improve on this ranking, he would only need one more step to become the main character of this great world ….
The significance of this would be extraordinary.
Then, his achievements would surpass Celestial Sovereign Mirage Sea's achievements in the past.
Taking care of Ning Yudie now was just a meager effort for the Jade Pure Sacred Land. However, if they could gain Luo Zheng's goodwill, even a fool would do such a deal.
"The Cloud Mist Heavenly Palace?" Ning Yudie asked curiously.
The Jade Pure Sacred Master nodded. "Yes, that's the cultivation sacred land of the Human Dao Alliance. Only the most outstanding cultivators can set foot there."
"I'm not going …." Ning Yudie shook her head. "I think I'll stay here and wait until Luo Zheng arrives."
Hearing Ning Yudie's answer, the Jade Pure Sacred Master smiled faintly. "You can stay here. If the battle in the Dream Battlefield ends, I can help you send out a roar command to summon Luo Zheng. However, you know Luo Zheng's current situation. The major races aren't willing to let him go. He's trapped in the immortal estate, and I'm afraid he won't be able to escape in a short time."
"I understand." Ning Yudie nodded. "Then I'll thank you in advance, Sacred Master."
The Jade Pure Sacred Master said politely, "It's nothing. You can also enter the Jade Pure Martial Hall to cultivate. Ninth Palace Master, she'll be under your palace …."
Hearing the Sacred Master's words, Ninth Palace Master's face lit up.
This kind of thing, anyone would be willing to do. It was just a matter of accepting a disciple from the Imperial Palace. Regardless of Ning Yudie's aptitude, everyone knew that Luo Zheng was a person of great importance. If they could make him owe them a favour, it would definitely not be a bad thing!
Moreover, the Sacred Master had already used his Spirit Heart Divine Ability to sense her and confirmed that this woman was Luo Zheng's first wife.
A martial artist could have many women, but he could only have one wife, and she was probably a very important existence to Luo Zheng.
"But I don't want to cultivate now." Ning Yudie's gaze landed on the pyramid. "I want to watch from here …."
"It's a piece of cake." Ninth Palace Master smiled and found a good spot for her in the square ….
From this moment on, Ning Yudie was considered an official disciple of the Jade Pure Sacred Ground. She had also stepped into the core of the Jade Pure Martial Hall!
Previously, when Ning Yudie heard about the Jade Pure Martial Hall, she also looked forward to it. She was even wondering if her husband was qualified to enter it. But now, the Sacred Master just knew about her relationship with her husband and casually placed her there.
At this moment, Ning Yudie felt as if she had fallen into a dream ….
What did her husband do to make them value him so much?
She naturally didn't know about Luo Zheng's performance at the Torch Flame Inheritance. She also didn't know that the several Heavenly Venerables of the Human Dao Alliance were silently watching Luo Zheng's every move!
"That little fellow …" Looking into the distance and looking at Luo Zheng, who was ranked 77th, a gratified look appeared on Ning Yudie's face. "Unknowingly, he has already reached such a stage."
Thinking back to when she first met Luo Zheng, he was only in the Xiantian Mystic Realm, she felt very emotional.
＝＝＝＝＝