After the rules of the Illusory Battlefield changed, it took three days for the situation to slowly stabilize from an abnormally intense state.
Many quick-witted cultivators fled the moment the rules changed.
The main city was no longer safe. On the contrary, it was the most dangerous place …
Right now, the wilderness was their hiding place.
After squeezing out all the Fantasy Points from the cultivators in the main city, some experts no longer lingered in the main city. Instead, they turned their gazes to the endless wilderness outside the main city. Now, not only could they obtain Fantasy Points by killing all kinds of vicious beasts in the wilderness, they could also find some hidden cultivators.
Therefore, the cultivators in the Illusory Battlefield began to quickly disperse!
Luo Zheng did not participate in this phase of the hunt.
Several hundred thousand Fantasy Points were meaningless to Luo Zheng.
Now that Luo Zheng was ranked second in this great world, his target should be the top ten cultivators.
Previously, the cultivators that Luo Zheng plundered were not specific targets. Usually, they were cultivators in a certain main city. Whoever showed up, he would treat them as his prey.
Now, it was difficult for him to find a top-ranked cultivator in the vast sea of people …
Of course, for Ji Nan, Jin Hai, and the others, this phase was more important.
Now, Ji Nan was ranked sixty-third in this great world, Jin Hai was ranked fifty-seventh, and Phantom was ranked eighty-first …
The top fifty cultivators of each great world were qualified to enter the second phase. They were not too far away from the fiftieth rank. Now was the time for them to fight with all their might.
This team was temporarily disbanded …
After Luo Zheng left the main city, he found a corner in the wilderness and took out the Sacred Spear of Slaughter.
Under the nourishment of the primal chaos aura, Luo Zheng discovered that the Sacred Spear seemed to have undergone some changes.
When he poured the primal chaos aura into it, the Sacred Spear of Slaughter seemed to have encountered sweet dew for a long time. The surface of the spear cracked, which was why it emitted popping sounds like beans.
After carefully sizing it up, Luo Zheng discovered that the Sacred Spear of Slaughter was slightly bent!
The two types of divine wood, one black and one white, were entangled with each other to create this Sacred Spear. The divine wood was so strong that it was almost indestructible in the Heavenly Dao.
But now, it was actually slightly bent?
After sizing it up again, Luo Zheng discovered that the middle part of the Sacred Spear of Slaughter seemed to have a bit of green in it.
Looking over, Luo Zheng's expression changed abruptly!
They turned out to be two fresh green buds …
"Even if it was a divine wood, it was ultimately forged into the Sacred Spear of Slaughter. Even if divine wood is special and immortal and indestructible, it should not grow these shoots …"
After thinking, Luo Zheng speculated that it was because of the primal chaos aura.
After speculating, Luo Zheng Was Luo Zheng's, he became more and more.
However, he did not have a deep understanding of the divine tree. In the end, this was only Luo Zheng's own speculation. As for what kind of mutation existed in the Holy Spear of Slaughter, it was likely that no one could answer Luo Zheng's question.
Luo Zheng Luo 'Luo Zheng Domain, Luo's Luo Zheng Spear, Sacred Luo Zheng Luo Zheng Luo Holy Luo …......
That was what Luo Zheng had in mind.
The real Sacred Spear of Slaughter should still be in Ming Dao's hands. After all, he had brought this Sacred Spear of Slaughter into the Illusory Battlefield.
It would be very difficult to obtain the Sacred Spear of Slaughter. That place was probably the core area of the Fiend Night Clan.
Would it be possible to make a copy of the Sacred Spear of Slaughter?
Thinking of this, Luo Zheng's hand flashed, and a metal certificate appeared.
The current chaotic battles did not have much meaning to Luo Zheng. If he could walk through the Karma Hall again, he would only have to spend five million Fantasy points.
Moreover, the Fantasy points reward from the Karma Hall would definitely not be low!
Entering the Karma Hall was a risk for any cultivator. Take Huan Ling, Ji Nan, and the others for example. They were not far away from the top 50. Rather than risking their lives in the Karma Hall, it was safer to rob other cultivators. After all, if they died in the Karma Hall, they would probably have no chance of entering the top 50.
With the Fantasy points Luo Zheng had accumulated, even if he died and lost half of his Fantasy points, it was impossible for him to fall out of the top 50.
And if he succeeded, Luo Zheng would be able to make a copy of the Sacred Spear of Slaughter!
This risk was very worth it for Luo Zheng.
"The biggest problem is whether anyone is willing to enter the Karma Hall …"
After checking, Luo Zheng's eyes suddenly flashed.
The consciousness transmitted from the metal certificate told Luo Zheng that there were nine people gathered in the Karma Hall. Only one more person was needed to open the Karma Hall!
It seemed that there were still some cultivators who were not willing to give up!
In any case, with their current Fantasy points, they would definitely not be able to enter the top 50. They might as well take out five million Fantasy points and fight!
Without much hesitation, Luo Zheng paid another five million Fantasy points. Using the metal certificate in his hand, Luo Zheng stepped into that special space for the second time …
Time passed very quickly …
In the blink of an eye, another six days had passed.
In these six days, the intense battles in the Illusion Battlefield had gradually come to an end.
There was an invisible hand beside the martial artist. The name of this hand was' Strength '. It was this hand that distributed everyone's Fantasy Points.
Under the plundering of many experts, the Fantasy points rapidly condensed on those experts' bodies. These experts' Fantasy points then condensed on the stronger cultivators' bodies …
Those "penniless" cultivators had already lost the value of plundering.
At this moment, Luo Zheng once again stepped out from behind a door of light. There was now a small imprint on the Sacred Spear of Slaughter in his hand!
This was the second time Luo Zheng stepped into the Karma Hall. This time, he did not encounter Chen Huang Yijian. Instead, he encountered other True Gods. In the Karma Hall, Luo Zheng obtained forty million Fantasy points.
What made Luo Zheng feel strange was that he was still unable to surpass the first rank. He was still ranked second in this Great World!
Who was first? Luo Zheng was truly curious. However, it was impossible for him to accurately find that person among the hundreds of millions of cultivators. Therefore, he did not know.
"I wonder what kind of expression Xun will have when she sees the Sacred Spear of Slaughter." Luo Zheng stared at the imprint on the Sacred Spear of Slaughter and a smile appeared on his face. During this period of time, the two sprouts on the Sacred Spear of Slaughter grew longer and longer. They were tightly entwined together.
Not long after Luo Zheng left the Karma Hall, the mysterious girl's voice once again resounded in the sky.
"The second stage of the Illusion Battlefield has begun. The top fifty cultivators of each Great World, please move!"
Following this voice, all the cultivators in the Illusion Battlefield raised their heads at the same time and looked at the endless sky.
Some people were only one rank away from entering the top fifty. At this moment, they were roaring with unwillingness. They really wanted to know how much of a difference there was between their Fantasy points and the person in front of them …
Some people rejoiced in their hearts. Originally, they did not have much hope. However, due to luck, they managed to kill a cultivator and obtain millions of Fantasy Points. This allowed them to rise to the top 50 and obtain the qualifications to enter the second stage.
In these fifty Great Worlds, a total of two thousand five hundred people would enter the second stage.
These two thousand five hundred people were the best of the best. They were either extremely strong or had heaven-defying luck …
Among these two thousand five hundred people, the one who was the happiest and also the most worried was Xi Youqin.
She was happy because she could finally leave this Great World and find another place to look for Luo Zheng. She was one step closer to Luo Zheng. However, she was worried that Luo Zheng would not be able to enter the top fifty of a Great World. If that happened, she would not have the chance to see Luo Zheng!
While she was feeling both happy and worried, a golden door of light appeared in front of Xi Youqin. With light steps, she stepped inside.
At the same time, a golden door of light appeared in front of Luo Zheng. "The second stage? The top 50 … Then, behind the golden door of light, the people I'll meet will be the strongest of the 50 Great Worlds! They will also be the most outstanding geniuses in the entire universe! "