Luo Zheng was traveling in a golden space. The surrounding light was like a thorn that wrapped around him.
After traveling for a long time, he finally saw the end of this space.
The moment Luo Zheng stepped out of the golden light gate, three blood-red fortresses appeared in front of everyone's eyes …
"Three blood-red fortresses, so that's how it is …"
When Luo Zheng obtained the Teleportation Token, he discovered three main cities marked with red markings in that special space. However, at that time, these three main cities were in a state where he couldn't enter. Even with the Teleportation Token, he couldn't enter these three main cities.
It turned out that these three main cities were the second stage of the Illusory Battlefield …
"Weng …"
Behind Luo Zheng, golden light gates opened one after another. The cultivators scattered across the 50 great worlds all passed through the golden light gates.
The moment they passed through the golden light gates, their first reaction was the same as Luo Zheng's. Their first reaction was to look at the three huge blood-red fortresses in front of them.
Next, they sized each other up. Their eyes were filled with vigilance.
None of the first two thousand five hundred cultivators were easy to deal with.
They represented their families, forces, and races to fight for the highest glory.
"Rumble …"
At this moment, the blood-red fortresses suddenly began to shake.
The gate of the blood-red fortress was a huge beast head. This beast head had a ferocious appearance, as if it was a creature from hell. It crawled in front of the gate, exuding a savage aura. The two huge eyes on the beast head quietly overlooked the front. With a single glance, one's heart would beat faster!
At this moment, the gate of the fortress opened. The beast head opened its gloomy mouth …
"The gate is open!"
"Let's go in?"
"What the hell is this thing? It's just a statue, but its aura is so terrifying?"
As the light gates opened, the cultivators gathered on the plain in front of the blood-red fortresses and sized up the gate in front of them.
The two thousand five hundred cultivators were divided into three groups and entered three different blood-red fortresses. There were more than seven hundred cultivators standing on the plain in front of each fortress …
Some cultivators were very decisive and didn't stop at all. After the city gate opened, they walked forward.
Even more martial artists hesitated. They were only a step away from the top of the Dreamland Battlefield, so they had no choice but to be careful.
Until the mysterious girl's voice sounded again …
"Warriors, please enter the Blood Castle." The mysterious girl's cold voice sounded again.
After hearing these words, the originally hesitant cultivators all revolved their True Essence and flew towards the city gate. The originally hesitant cultivators now seemed to be scrambling to be the first to leave ….
From the moment the gate opened, Luo Zheng had already started walking towards the city gate. His speed was neither fast nor slow.
Seeing those cultivators surpass him, intending to seize the initiative in this main city, Luo Zheng's face only revealed a faint smile.
After entering the mouth of the beast head, there was an open passage in front of them. Following the passage, they arrived at the center of the Blood Castle. There was a huge hall, and in the center of the hall was a pyramid.
On the pyramid, there were many concave caves. These caves were ten feet deep and ten feet high, and within these caves, there were statues!
"This … this is actually my statue!"
"My statue is also here …"
"Why would everyone's statue appear on this pyramid?"
"Ranking! I am ranked 170th on the Dreamland Battlefield, and my statue is also on the pyramid. 170th position, this is … everyone's ranking! "
When someone discovered this secret, everyone began to size it up.
Before, the cultivators could only check their own ranking, but they knew nothing about the cultivators who were ranked ahead or behind them.
Now, through this pyramid, everyone could directly understand their own ranking.
Luo Zheng approached the pyramid and glanced around …
He discovered Ji Nan's statue at the bottom of the pyramid.
"Two thousand and thirty-first place …"
After seeing Ji Nan's ranking, Luo Zheng faintly smiled. She finally broke into the top 50 and entered the second stage of the Dreamland Battlefield.
Following these statues, Luo Zheng saw the statues of Jin Hai, Huan Ling, and the others … but he didn't see the statue of Cang Mo.
This guy still failed at the last step and was eliminated?
After looking at the bottom row, Luo Zheng's gaze slowly moved up. The higher the ranking of the pyramid, the higher the position.
As his gaze swept through the crowd, his gaze suddenly froze. His eyes widened, and his face was filled with disbelief. Then, he let out a deep breath.
"I didn't expect him to come …"
Luo Zheng jumped up and occupied the fifth floor of the pyramid. In front of Luo Zheng stood the statue of a human cultivator.
This cultivator held a sword in one hand, and his face was full of heroic spirit and pride. Under his sword-like eyebrows, there was a pair of star-like eyes. It was Hua Tianming, who came from the same Great Thousand World as Luo Zheng!
There were 100,000 worlds in the universe, and there were as many as a trillion Divine Sea Realm cultivators. However, there were only 2,500 cultivators who stood here representing each world. That was to say, on average, only one Divine Sea Realm cultivator from every four worlds could enter the second stage …
However, in the world where Luo Zheng came from, there were two people who entered the top 2,500.
Thinking of this, Luo Zheng's face also revealed a smile. Looking at Hua Tianming's statue, there was a trace of vicissitudes, and his temperament became more profound.
However, he didn't know where Hua Tianming had ascended to and which world he entered the Dreamland Battlefield from. Since he could enter the top 2,500, he probably had the strength of a Heaven's Pride!
That sword-wielding young man had caught up with him so quickly.
In the world below, Luo Zheng had been ahead of Hua Tianming by a lot. At that time, the gap between Hua Tianming and Luo Zheng was almost impossible to predict.
However, even Luo Zheng didn't expect that after six or seven years, Hua Tianming would catch up with him one day!
It should be known that Luo Zheng's speed of progress in these years couldn't be underestimated. He also had the Immortal Mansion as his backing. The gap between him and Hua Tianming would only grow bigger and bigger. However, now Hua Tianming was ranked 540th in the pyramid, which really surprised Luo Zheng! Fei Fei
"Brother Tianming must have a new opportunity. Otherwise, no matter how talented he is, it's impossible for him to advance so quickly! He's not in this scarlet castle. Unfortunately … I still have some good wine in my spatial ring. If I meet him, I'll drink a hundred of his jars first! "
The three scarlet castles divided the 2,500 martial artists. The martial artists of this scarlet castle were all gathered in this spacious hall. Luo Zheng could see everything clearly at a glance. Naturally, he didn't find any trace of Hua Tianming. Presumably, he was in another scarlet castle.
Meeting Hua Tianming was already very, very unexpected for Luo Zheng. However, Luo Zheng never imagined that what happened next would make him speechless!
As Luo Zheng climbed up the pyramid, he wanted to engrave everyone's appearance in his mind. These people were all his opponents, so he naturally wanted to remember their characteristics …
"Why did they leave these statues inside?"
Luo Zheng was very curious about this question. However, the mysterious girl who presided over this Illusory Battlefield didn't give any hints, so everyone could only guess.
"This is myself." Luo Zheng fixed his gaze on his own statue and pondered for a moment. He even reached out his hand to touch it, and then immersed his consciousness into the statue. However, he still couldn't find anything special about it.
Thinking back and forth, Luo Zheng still couldn't think of a reason. He could only continue climbing.
However, just as he reached the first floor, which was the top of the pyramid, his gaze suddenly focused on a woman …
When Luo Zheng saw this woman, his pupils suddenly dilated, and his eyes widened like copper bells.
In contrast, although Luo Zheng was surprised when he saw Hua Tianming, he quickly felt relieved. With Hua Tianming's talent, coupled with his perseverance, it wasn't impossible for him to encounter a great opportunity and reach this step!