Luo Zheng was shocked, and he couldn't help but rub his eyes, wondering if he was seeing things...
This woman was wearing an apricot yellow silk robe and a brocade firework skirt that trailed on the ground, outlining her beautiful figure. There was a kind of cold temperament between her eyebrows, and her entire person had an incomparably beautiful bearing …
"Youqin … is actually ranked 43rd. Is there a mistake?"
Luo Zheng had a bitter taste in his mouth. He never thought that Xi Youqin would participate in the Illusory Battlefield!
Xi Youqin was only at the Divine Core realm when he first met her!
Although she had the Extreme Purple Yin Body, she had never been willing to cultivate. She even viewed cultivation as her biggest enemy.
Ever since Luo Zheng met Xi Youqin, she had never cultivated properly for even a single day...
Why was she able to stand here?
Why was she ranked 43rd?
Was it because of her Extreme Purple Yin Body?
Luo Zheng couldn't figure it out...
After being separated from Xi Youqin for so many years, Luo Zheng had missed her a lot.
Was she still the same clingy little girl from before?
In just a few years, Xi Youqin had become more generous, and a charming confidence could be seen on her face. Luo Zheng couldn't compare the Xi Youqin in his memories with the current Xi Youqin, as if they were two completely different people.
"Youqin, is she also in the other two blood red castles?"
When he thought about how he would be able to see Xi Youqin again, he couldn't help but feel a sense of anticipation...
Fated encounters were wonderful beyond words.
In the world where Luo Zheng came from, there were three people who managed to make it into the top 2500. Was this fate, or just a coincidence?
...
In front of another blood red castle.
Xi Youqin's clothes fluttered in the wind, her pretty eyes filled with nervousness as her gaze skimmed over the statues of the pyramid layer by layer.
"There's no Luo Zheng's statue on this floor..."
"There's no statue on this floor either..."
While circling around, she kept mumbling to herself, and her expression became more and more nervous.
At this moment …
A warrior in a brocade robe also flew up and followed beside Xi Youqin.
This martial artist looked extremely young, probably less than twenty years old. There was a cold aura between his eyebrows.
While Xi Youqin was sizing up the statues, the warrior was sizing up Xi Youqin …
First floor, second floor, third floor …
Xi Youqin scanned the floors one by one, and her expression became more and more disappointed. Her little mouth also pouted. The higher she went, the lower the possibility of finding Luo Zheng!
At this moment, Xi Youqin realized that someone had been following her.
Her mood was a little bad. At this moment, she suddenly turned her head. Her extremely beautiful eyes contained a trace of anger. "You! Why are you following me?! "
This warrior had been quietly sizing up Xi Youqin from behind. When he entered the blood red castle, he was attracted by Xi Youqin's special aura. This time, he wanted to befriend her.
However, when he saw that Xi Youqin seemed to be seriously looking for something, he did not open his mouth to speak. Now that he was suddenly shouted at by Xi Youqin, he was slightly startled.
Since he was young, no one had dared to shout at him like this.
Even the Saint Lords and Realm Lords were polite and respectful when they saw him...
This was because he was a Daoist. The Mahayana Lotus had thirty-six leaves, and he had already reached the peak!
He was Xuanyuan Chenfeng, the person who had always been in the first half of the first stage of the Illusory Battlefield!
When he entered the blood red castle, many warriors had already recognized Xuanyuan Chenfeng!
Many people deliberately kept a certain distance from him. There were also some warriors who had the intention of climbing up to him and befriending this legendary Daoist.
However, Xuanyuan Chenfeng's attention had always been focused on Xi Youqin!
Just when Xuanyuan Chenfeng was startled, Xi Youqin jumped again. Her body fluttered as she stood on the fourth floor of the pyramid and continued to look for Luo Zheng's statue.
The startled expression on Xuanyuan Chenfeng's face only existed for a moment. Then, it disappeared without a trace. Looking at Xi Youqin's back, the interest in his eyes seemed to become more and more intense!
He followed her again and said, "Miss, you seem to be looking for something? I am Xuanyuan Chenfeng. I can help you... "
In the universe, Xuanyuan Chenfeng was probably one of the few people who had the highest chance of crossing the Heavenly Dao. He was destined to be the main character of this great battle, the strongest among his peers!
According to his character, he would not take the initiative to say his name. However, this lady did not recognize him and was extremely cold. He was a little depressed.
However, after hearing his name, she should be able to understand …
Xi Youqin stopped and turned back to stare at Xuanyuan Chenfeng. Xuanyuan Chenfeng showed an indifferent expression. He could almost guess what Xi Youqin would say next.
"You are Xuanyuan Chenfeng?"
"The legendary Daoist of Gods No Thoughts?"
"..."
Xuanyuan Chenfeng had already heard these words countless times. It made him very tired.
However, when it came from the mouth of this beautiful lady, it made him feel very comfortable.
However …
Xi Youqin's eyes only blinked a few times. She frowned and said, "Xuanyuan Chenfeng? Who are you? Please don't follow me! "
She was currently annoyed. How could she have a good tone? After saying that, she flew up again!
Xi Youqin did not pay attention to the strong people in the universe. How many Empyreans, how many Realm Lords, their relationships, who was the strongest person in the universe …
Many martial artists discussed as if they were familiar with their family treasures.
However, Xi Youqin did not have the slightest interest in these. She cultivated martial arts for so many years only because of a sentence from the nameless old man.
She could give Luo Zheng a surprise and be able to accompany Luo Zheng more.
This reason was enough. As for the famous genius Xuanyuan Chenfeng? Who is he? Xi Youqin did not know him at all.
Many martial artists on the pyramid below were also paying attention to Xuanyuan Chenfeng's movements. Now that they saw this fellow suffer, they were gloating in their hearts!
"Hehe, Xuanyuan Chenfeng actually has this kind of time!"
"That lady is so arrogant. It's impossible that she hasn't heard of Xuanyuan Chenfeng, right?"
"I admire that lady. Whether she really doesn't know him or is pretending not to know him …"
"Some women will loosen the reins only to grasp them better. How can a martial artist who can step into the second stage not know about the geniuses in the universe?"
Everyone's discussion was extremely low.
However, a part of it still entered Xuanyuan Chenfeng's ears.
His face slightly sank, and the gloomy look between his brows spread a little. His brows furrowed, and he once again chased after Xi Youqin.
In Xuanyuan Chenfeng's dictionary, the word 'failure' did not exist.
His existence was a miracle …
Even if he had to cross the Heavenly Dao and become a True God, he would definitely not fail!
This was the ability of a Daozi!
Moreover, this Xi Youqin's temperament was so fierce that it evoked a primitive desire to conquer in his heart!
Xuanyuan Chenfeng was not particularly fond of women, but there would be a day when a young man would be attracted to a woman of the opposite sex. He was no exception. Right now, he was attracted to Xi Youqin, although he did not know why he was attracted to her.
Just as Xi Youqin climbed to a higher level of the pyramid, her eyes suddenly revealed an intense joy!
"Ranked seventy-seventh! I knew it … I knew it. You will definitely come! You will definitely not disappoint me! "
It was on this level that she found Luo Zheng's statue!
At this moment, Xi Youqin did not hesitate at all. She went straight to Luo Zheng's statue, and reached out her hand to hold the statue's face. Her eyes contained a pool of tenderness.
In the past six years, this face had appeared countless times in her dreams.
She had countless illusions about the day she met Luo Zheng …
Now that she found Luo Zheng here, it meant that Luo Zheng was in another Blood Castle!
"The three Blood Castles seem to be unable to cross each other." Xi Youqin's eyes flashed slightly. The current Xi Youqin wished she could grow a pair of wings on her back and fly directly to Luo Zheng's side.
However, due to the rules of the Illusory Battlefield, she was unable to do so.
Xuanyuan Chenfeng, who had followed Xi Youqin all the way up, saw Xi Youqin happily holding a statue's face. When he saw that the statue was a handsome man, his face became completely gloomy!
At the same time, there was a strong sense of loss in his heart, which made him very irritated.
"Who is this person?" Xuanyuan Chenfeng restrained his temper and asked faintly from behind.
＝＝＝＝＝