Xi Youqin didn't even give Xuanyuan Chenfeng a perfunctory attitude.
Xuanyuan Chenfeng was such a proud person, so he naturally felt embarrassed.
Seeing her looking at the statue with such tenderness and love, Xuanyuan Chenfeng naturally wanted to ask what was going on … …
After finding Luo Zheng's statue, Xi Youqin's mood was extremely good. Facing Xuanyuan Chenfeng's question, she actually had some patience.
"He … … is the person I like."
Xi Youqin stared at Luo Zheng's statue in a daze. Her eyes were filled with a blurred color.
She originally wanted to say that Luo Zheng was her husband … …
However, after thinking about it carefully, she still hadn't married Luo Zheng. She didn't have a real status.
Originally, when martial artists got married, they didn't care about this kind of thing.
However, Xi Youqin's perspective was different. Originally, she didn't care about it. She believed that Ning Yudie had a place in Luo Zheng's heart.
However, the situation was different now. Ning Yudie probably hadn't ascended yet, but she could always be by Luo Zheng's side!
She would rely on her own efforts to make Luo Zheng give her a real status.
This was Xi Youqin's true thoughts … …
If other people knew that this martial artist ranked in the top 50 of the Illusory Battlefield only had such thoughts, they would probably vomit blood!
Xuanyuan Chenfeng became more and more curious about the statue.
"Miss, what's this person's name … …"
He obviously wanted to know Xi Youqin, but now, he didn't even know Xi Youqin's name. Instead, he asked about the statue's name. This Xuanyuan Chenfeng could be considered a weirdo.
Xi Youqin looked at Xuanyuan Chenfeng indifferently and replied, "His name is Luo Zheng."
Hearing this name, Xuanyuan Chenfeng's eyes suddenly lit up.
It was actually that Luo Zheng. He was ranked 77th!
Xuanyuan Chenfeng never would have thought that this person was actually the world-famous Luo Zheng!
He didn't know much about Luo Zheng. In fact, he disdained to know about him. In Xuanyuan Chenfeng's world, only a few Daoists were qualified to be his opponents.
Even some of the more powerful geniuses were no match for him.
As for Luo Zheng …
The main reason was that this guy had been using the Roaring Command to shout in his ear. Even if he didn't want to understand, he couldn't avoid the harassment of the Roaring Command.
Who would have thought that this fellow would also make it into the top 100?
However, the 77th place was clearly not enough.
In Xuanyuan Chenfeng's eyes, there were only a few people who were qualified to be his opponents. For example, Lie Qianhan and the other Daoists. The rest of the people were nothing but bystanders in his eyes.
"So he is Luo Zheng." Xuanyuan Chenfeng's face was indifferent, but the arrogance in his heart was immediately revealed …
How could Xi Youqin not hear the hint of disdain in Xuanyuan Chenfeng's tone? However, she was too lazy to pay attention to it. She only carefully and seriously sized up Luo Zheng's statue.
…
In another blood-colored castle.
A handsome young man walked around the pyramid briskly. Every time he passed by a statue, he would gently raise his eyebrows and instantly analyze the statue's appearance, temperament, and age. Then, he would firmly remember it in his mind.
This young man was Hua Tianming.
After Luo Zheng ascended, Hua Tianming was given an important position in the Cloud Hall as a meritorious person.
However, with Hua Tianming's experience, he was destined not to be restricted to the Cloud Hall and the Central Domain …
The path of cultivation was long. There was always someone better than you. Many martial artists lived in stability after achieving a certain level of success. However, Hua Tianming's character was definitely not satisfied with this.
From this point, it could be seen that he had the same ambition as Luo Zheng. He hoped to stand at a higher position!
Standing at a higher position, he did not seek to look down on all living beings. He only sought to explore the origin and truth of this world!
Not long after stabilizing in the Cloud Hall, Hua Tianming chose to go out and experience the world …
In six years, he once again passed through the Chaotic Astral Ocean. He even crossed the four Holy Kingdoms and arrived at the extreme north of the Holy Kingdoms, the largest wild continent!
In this wild continent, Hua Tianming experienced life and death situations. He encountered several unique races and wild ancient beasts comparable to the Divine Ocean Realm …
In the end, he discovered a huge secret on this wild continent.
And this secret was a secret that Luo Zheng did not know when he merged with the will of the world! Because this secret originally did not belong to this world, and the memories of the will of the world could only search for things in this world.
For Hua Tianming, this secret was a great fortune.
It was this fortune that directly increased his strength. He did not even have time to return to the Central Domain before the world produced a strong repulsive force that forced him to ascend.
And the place he ascended to was completely different from Luo Zheng and Xi Youqin!
He had ascended to one of the Great Worlds in [Gods No Thoughts] … He had just ascended for two years, and had just received a certain degree of importance in one of the Holy Lands in that Great World. He had entered the core Martial Hall of the Holy Lands, but before he had the time to display his true strength and talent, the Illusory Battlefield had already opened.
When the Illusory Battlefield had just opened, the martial artists of the tenth rank Holy Land even persuaded Hua Tianming to make some preparations before entering the Illusory Battlefield.
But Hua Tianming did not hesitate at all and stepped into the Illusory Battlefield.
Then, in this Illusory Battlefield, Hua Tianming's ranking soared …
Ten million, one million, one hundred thousand …
The martial artists of the Holy Land in Gods No Thoughts, including the Holy Lord of the Holy Land, were all dumbfounded when they saw Hua Tianming's performance.
There were naturally some powerful geniuses in their Holy Land, but in the end, they were only ranked 120,000. However, this unknown Sword Cultivator from their Holy Land had suddenly charged into the top 100,000. How could they not be surprised and excited?
But Hua Tianming's speed did not stop …
90,000 …
80,000 …
70,000 …
Compared to Luo Zheng, Hua Tianming's desire to obtain Illusory Battlefield points was not very strong. His motive for participating in the Illusory Battlefield was different from Luo Zheng's. He had only entered to see how powerful the geniuses of this universe were.
In the end, when Hua Tianming returned from the Karma Hall, his Illusory Battlefield points soared. He ranked around 2,000 and entered the second stage of the Illusory Battlefield!
This scene made Hua Tianming's Holy Land almost go crazy with joy!
This was an honor that belonged to Hua Tianming and the tenth-grade Holy Land.
He was in the top 2,500!
He was either a prodigy or an existence second only to a prodigy.
Ordinary tenth rank Holy Lands simply did not have the resources to nurture prodigies!
How could they not be surprised by Hua Tianming's sudden appearance? At first, when Hua Tianming's name was reported to the Holy Lord of the Holy Land, the Holy Lord was still at a loss. He had no idea that such a genius existed in his Holy Land …
He carried his sword on his back and climbed up the pyramid, his gaze still indifferently sweeping past the statue.
"Found it. Luo Zheng, 77th!"
After searching for Luo Zheng's ranking, Hua Tianming did not look surprised at all.
In these two years, Hua Tianming naturally knew some of Luo Zheng's deeds. He had also heard Luo Zheng's stories in the universe. Hua Tianming was also familiar with some of these stories …
In his opinion, Luo Zheng would definitely enter the second stage. If Luo Zheng did not enter, that would be a surprise.
After seeing Luo Zheng's statue, Hua Tianming's eyes shone even brighter. The sword on his back even trembled slightly …
That was the power of excitement.
Even though he knew he was falling behind, he still had to work hard to catch up.
Hua Tianming had been silently chasing after Luo Zheng all this time.
Even though Luo Zheng had left him in the dust and he could not even see Luo Zheng's back, Hua Tianming was not discouraged in the slightest.
In one's life, there was always a goal. Even if he failed, at least he pursued it.
He looked down on his goal and enjoyed the process.
However … in the end, he still managed to complete a goal that seemed impossible.
After being left thousands of miles behind by Luo Zheng, he finally caught up. He just did not know how big the gap between him and Luo Zheng was!
"Don't worry, we will meet in the end." Hua Tianming reached out and pressed down on the sword hanging on his back. The sword obediently stopped trembling …
He and Luo Zheng were not only friends, but also competitors …
After that, Hua Tianming nodded at Luo Zheng's statue, then left and continued to climb the pyramid.
But after walking a few steps, he stopped again, and his expression suddenly froze. Like Luo Zheng, he also stopped in front of Xi Youqin's statue. His face was also full of surprise, but he was not as shocked as Luo Zheng.
"I didn't expect her to be ranked this high," Hua Tianming said indifferently as he stared at Xi Youqin's statue. Thinking of the relationship between Xi Youqin and Luo Zheng, a smile appeared at the corner of his mouth. He wondered what Brother Luo Zheng's expression would be when he saw Xi Youqin …
Not long after, a voice once again sounded in the three blood-colored castles.
"Martial artists, please stand in front of your own statue …"