At this stage, the ranking competition in the Dream Battlefield had reached the most intense stage.
The names on the pyramid were constantly shaking, and the attention of the outside world was also unprecedented …
"Lie Qianhan actually jumped to the first place! Unbelievable, didn't he drop to the 200th place before? "
"Xuanyuan Chenfeng also returned to the top 3 …"
"Who the hell is that Purple Conch? I've never heard of this person, but he actually broke into the top 10 … "
The top 100 of the Dream Battlefield was the target of everyone's discussion.
After all, the entire Dream Battlefield was divided into 50 great worlds. At this stage, the geniuses of the 50 great worlds couldn't compete with each other, so the strength gap of the top 100 couldn't be directly measured. They were all the strongest in each great world.
As Ning Yu Die transferred her True Essence into the pyramid, she stared at the name on it.
Seeing Luo Zheng's name would always make her feel at ease.
With her understanding of the Dream Battlefield, she more and more understood what kind of state her husband was in now, and what kind of future he would have.
Those in the top 100 were the darlings of the heavens and the earth. Even the gods had to take care of them. Any one of them would be highly regarded by the major races, because the future Dao Child would be born from these people, and the True Gods of the universe would also be born from them …
Once, Ning Yu Die had heard about the Great Era Competition from Luo Zheng.
Then what was this Great Era Competition about?
Not only Ning Yu Die herself was confused, even Luo Zheng himself wasn't particularly clear about it.
Now, she thought that this Great Era Competition was about the Divine Path!
However, Ning Yu Die didn't know that understanding this Great Era Competition was also very narrow.
In fact, not only Ning Yu Die, but the vast majority of the martial artists in the universe also didn't know much about it.
They only knew that after the Great Era Competition arrived, geniuses were like a spring, and ordinary geniuses were no longer qualified to be called geniuses …
What was a genius? Being different, possessing incomparable talent and ability, that was what a genius was.
When the number of geniuses in the Great Era Competition increased, then everyone was no longer considered a genius.
In the current universe, the true geniuses could only be the geniuses of the major forces, the geniuses of the major races.
These people had generally opened the Mahayana Lotus Flower, and if they reached the Grand Completion of the Lotus Flower, they would become Daoists, and this was the possibility of becoming a True God.
And these people not only had the possibility of becoming a True God, they also carried the fate of the universe.
As the battle of the Great Era Competition continued to evolve, the crisis of the universe would erupt sooner or later, and this kind of crisis was unavoidable for every warrior and every living being in the universe.
It was the same in the previous Evolution Eras.
In the previous Evolution Era, the crisis that erupted in the Great Era was the fall of the stars and the descent of the fire demons.
In the Evolution Era before that, the crisis that erupted in the Great Era was the Divine Punishment Plague …
In the Evolution Era before that, the crisis that erupted in the Great Era was the fall of the stars …
In the Evolution Era before that, it was the events of 10 billion years ago. There was no historical data to be found, and the warriors in the universe could only trace back the history of three Evolution Eras. Moreover, this history was extremely incomplete.
After all, after rounds of derivation and extinction, all civilizations would dissipate, and there would be very few things that could be passed down to the next Evolution Era.
"Which force does Xi Youqin belong to? Why is she standing at the 60th place? "
Ning Yu Die's face was a little gloomy. She was naturally not convinced by Xi Youqin's ability to stand above Luo Zheng.
"This Xi Youqin seems to be very unfamiliar, but I heard that this woman seems to have some background. She seems to be from the Extreme Purple Realm," someone answered.
"Extreme Purple Realm, huh? Extreme Purple Yin Body, so that's how it is." Although Ning Yu Die knew that Xi Youqin had the Extreme Purple Yin Body, and that the giant swords she controlled were also very powerful, she did not know that the Extreme Purple Realm was actually so powerful in the Upper Realm. Nurturing a single Xi Youqin could allow her to enter the top 100 of the entire universe?
However, at this moment, a whip suddenly lashed out at Ning Yu Die!
That whip directly exploded in front of Ning Yu Die's face!
Although it did not hit Ning Yu Die, after the whip exploded, it brought with it a strong gust of wind, like a knife slashing towards her!
At this moment, a faint ice crystal appeared on Ning Yu Die's face. This ice crystal was arranged according to a certain distance, forming a special layer of True Qi protection.
The knife-like gust of wind cut on the ice crystal, and the surface of the ice crystal cracked, revealing Ning Yu Die's angry face.
If not for the protection of this ice crystal, her face would have been cut into pieces. Although there was a way to restore her face, she would still suffer a lot of damage!
"You, what do you want to do!"
Ning Yu Die suddenly stood up, her face full of anger as she stared at the middle-aged woman not far away.
Although she was a slave here, pouring her own True Qi into the Jade Clear Holy Lands' Dream Space for free, she was not a slave of the Jade Clear Holy Lands!
Not far away, the middle-aged woman holding the whip stared at Ning Yu Die with a sneer on her face, "I said, no noise is allowed here, but you keep breaking the rules. This whip is just a warning, if there is a next time, it will not be a matter of this whip anymore."
"I was just talking in a low voice, it did not affect the True Qi pouring, not to mention the others were also talking, you … why are you targeting me?" Ning Yu Die asked coldly.
"Heh," The middle-aged woman held the whip in her hand, her face full of disdain, "Others? You are just an ascender from the Lower Realm, what qualifications do you have to compare yourself with others? You lowly … "
At this moment!
A black broken blade circled around, flashed a few times in the space, and then floated beside the middle-aged woman!
This broken blade was extremely fast, almost unavoidable, and instantly cut off the middle-aged woman's right arm!
Accompanied by a spray of blood, the middle-aged woman's mouth burst out with a squeal like a pig being slaughtered.
When the martial artists who were pouring True Qi saw this scene, their faces did not change much, but they also stood up and watched the scene in front of them.
Losing an arm was not a rare thing for a martial artist, but someone dared to hurt someone here, that explained the problem. This person must have a considerable status in the Jade Clear Holy Land.
After all, even a Holy Land Holy Land's Holy Lord had personally come to observe the Dreamland Hall. How could an ordinary person dare to do anything here? Wasn't that the same as seeking death?
"Who? Why did you hurt me!? "
The middle-aged woman clutched her arm, her eyes filled with bewilderment. This middle-aged woman could be considered a smart person. She knew that the person who dared to cut off her arm here was not someone she could provoke!
But, she hadn't done anything wrong, so why did someone cut off her arm? Why?
The middle-aged woman was unconvinced in her heart, thus she asked!
Before long, a person stepped out from the space. This person had a Divine Transformation realm cultivation. Many martial artists with keen eyes recognized him. This person was the Jade Clear Holy Land's Ninth Palace Master, and was also a top 100 ranked character of the Jade Clear Holy Land!
"Cutting off your arm is only to help you remember some etiquette," The Ninth Palace Master coldly said. He turned to look at Ning Yudie, and that icy expression immediately melted away as if it had met the bright sun, replaced by a gentle smile, "You … are you Miss Ning?"
Ning Yudie was stunned. This person's cultivation was unfathomably deep, so why was he so polite to her?
After she ascended, she had been despised everywhere she went and treated unfairly. Her heart was filled with regret. If she had known this would happen, she wouldn't have ascended. The Divine Sea realm was nothing in the Jade Clear Holy Land!
"I am Ning Yudie," Ning Yudie replied truthfully.
The Ninth Palace Master smiled amiably, "Would Miss Ning be willing to come with me?"
Under such politeness, a strange look appeared on Ning Yudie's face, but she still nodded slightly, "But I still have to infuse my True Essence here …"
"Miss Ning's words are too polite. Don't mention this matter again," The Ninth Palace Master smiled.
And so, Ning Yudie left under the lead of the Ninth Palace Master …
Under the watchful eyes of the crowd, the Ninth Palace Master personally came to take away a woman who had ascended. Naturally, everyone began to talk about it.
"Who is that woman? How could she be taken care of by the Ninth Palace Master? "
"Look at her beautiful face, could it be that she has caught the eye of some big shot in the Jade Clear Holy Land?"
"What's the use of being beautiful? Not to mention those big shots, even you and I have a lot of beautiful women around us. "