This sudden laughter made Luo Zheng slightly uncomfortable.
When they were in the outside world, Luo Zheng had a lot of interactions with her. Although they had never met, his impression of her was that she was a lively girl.
However, after entering the Illusory Battlefield, she started to meticulously read out the rules of the battlefield and became extremely cold.
"Not bad, Luo Zheng. You've entered the 77th place!" This girl's voice was directly transmitted to Luo Zheng's mind.
Luo Zheng was stunned for a while before he asked, "Luo Yan, is there any news?"
"…"
The other side was silent for a while, then a very dissatisfied voice was heard. "Why is this the first thing you say to me every time?"
Luo Zheng rolled his eyes. Wasn't this nonsense?
Although his Roaring Command could be used infinitely, he wouldn't be so idle as to tell her a story. Wasn't it just to ask her to help find out the whereabouts of Luo Yan?
"No news?" Luo Zheng asked.
The mysterious girl said indifferently, "The Divine Realm is much larger than you think … I sent back the news a few years ago, but there's still no news." In desperation, the mysterious girl could only explain to Luo Zheng in this way.
Hearing this, Luo Zheng's face revealed a disappointed expression. He sighed slightly and asked, "What do you want? Why did you suddenly appear?"
He originally wanted to investigate this bamboo slip, but he didn't expect the mysterious girl's consciousness to suddenly appear.
"Nothing. This time, I'm personally hosting the Illusory Battlefield. Don't you want to ask me for help?" the mysterious girl said with a smile.
Hearing this, Luo Zheng immediately refused. "No need."
Although Luo Zheng didn't know the true meaning behind the Illusory Battlefield, he also knew that this was the place where the geniuses of the Divine Ocean Realm in the universe competed. After entering the Illusory Battlefield, he relied on his own strength and had never relied on Qinglong or Xun. Since he had already reached this step, why would he still need the help of others?
He knew that he would eventually face those geniuses and Dao Children.
For example, the combined Ji Luoxue and the Dugu Jian Xiaoxiao. However, martial artists could only rely on themselves in the end. They might be able to show off for a while with the help of others, but that was ultimately the power of others.
"Don't be like this … I really can help you," the mysterious girl continued.
"I said I don't need it." Luo Zheng frowned. "I just need you to inquire about Luo Yan. That's all."
"…" The other side instantly fell silent.
In the center of the three scarlet castles, there was a ring-shaped cloud floating in the sky.
In the depths of the clouds, there was a palace that looked like it was carved out of crystal …
At the edge of the palace, there was a young girl sitting on the railing.
This young girl was wearing a light blue Jadeite Mist Gown, and her green pleated skirt was spread out behind her. Her slender and round legs were hanging along the railing in the clouds, and her pair of fair and delicate feet were faintly discernible in the clouds. Looking from behind, her small shoulders seemed to have been carved out, and her back view looked very lonely … … … … … …..
She was the host of this Illusory Battlefield, and she was also the mysterious girl who had been listening to Luo Zheng's stories.
At this moment, her cheeks were puffed up, and her face was full of anger!
"I've never seen such a person. You don't know how to appreciate kindness! Hmph … I don't care if you live or die! "
Ever since Luo Zheng had entered the Illusory Battlefield, this was the first time the mysterious girl had seen Luo Zheng in person. Her gaze had followed Luo Zheng from beginning to end, from one main city to another, and then to the Karma Hall …
At this stage, she still trusted Luo Zheng's strength very much. Although she had paid close attention to him, she had not helped him.
At the second stage, she wanted to take the initiative to help Luo Zheng. After all, Luo Zheng was her friend …
However, although she had talked with Luo Zheng for many years, she did not understand Luo Zheng's character.
It was not that Luo Zheng's character was pedantic. He did not pursue absolute fairness. After all, there was no fairness in this world from birth. Talent, opportunity, background, luck …
There were too many things that could affect a person's fate. A completely fair world did not exist.
However, Luo Zheng knew that this Illusory Battlefield was also a review for Luo Zheng himself. This kind of opportunity could only come once per Evolution Era. He did not want to miss this opportunity, nor did he want to obtain this opportunity by cheating.
The young girl's beautiful eyebrows slightly knitted. Her beautiful eyes moved, and there was a mischievous smile in them.
"You don't need my help. Humph … I will make it so that you can't avoid it! No one can disobey this girl! "
She had been in charge of this universe for almost six Evolution Eras. One Evolution Era was 3.6 billion years, and six Evolution Eras would be 21.6 billion years …
To her clan, lifespan was an eternal existence …
In the river of time, she had sealed herself away most of the time.
One hundred million years was just a snap of her fingers to her. Making time flow faster, or making time jump in her consciousness, was almost an instinct of her clan.
In the previous Evolution Eras, the young girl had passed through like this.
After reaching this Evolution Era, she suddenly felt bored and woke up from the Heavenly Dao.
When she was bored, singing was also not bad …
She did not expect that it would be fine if she did not sing. Once she sang, she almost messed up the entire world.
In the end, a group of Celestial Venerables begged her to stop singing.
She wanted to use the Roaring Token to chat, but that group of Celestial Venerables tightly held the Roaring Token, afraid that they would waste one. This was simply too much!
In fact, the production method of the Roaring Token was secretly released by her. Otherwise, although this world was big and there were many living beings, it was still too quiet for her who was bound by the Heavenly Dao …
Later, the Roaring Tokens increased, and it became lively, but still, no one was willing to respond to her.
She was still very bored …
Until Luo Zheng appeared.
This guy attracted her attention as soon as he appeared.
He seemed to be looking for a woman called Luo Yan. However, he relied on the Roaring Token to shout all over the world, but he did not get a response.
In the end, he quarreled with two Celestial Venerables …
Then, he started to count!
At that time, the mysterious girl felt that Luo Zheng was an interesting guy!
At the same time, she was also very curious. Where did Luo Zheng get so many Roaring Tokens? Or did he also have a Roaring Token like her that could be used infinitely?
She was not interested in finding out how Luo Zheng got his Roaring Token. As long as this guy was willing to chat with her, she was very satisfied …
Later, she listened to Luo Zheng tell her stories and agreed to help Luo Zheng find his sister. In these few years, she no longer fell into a deep sleep. Or rather, every time she fell into a deep sleep, she would force herself to wake up. Therefore, the time she slept was often less than a year and half, and not tens of millions of years like before, or even hundreds of millions of years …
Now that she had made a decision, she slowly raised her right hand, and a purple halo appeared on her slender arm. The moment this halo appeared, it quietly spread to the surroundings. Without anyone noticing, it enveloped the entire Illusory Battlefield!
Luo Zheng naturally did not know this mysterious girl's plan.
After the mysterious girl's voice disappeared, he finally breathed a sigh of relief and once again investigated the golden bamboo slip. Only then did he realize that this golden bamboo slip was actually a Heavenly Dao law imprint for the statue!
However, this Heavenly Dao law actually required 500 million fantasy points to exchange for. Seeing this condition, Luo Zheng suddenly felt dizzy.
Even the first place of the Illusory Battlefield could not possibly have 500 million fantasy points, right?
Thus, Luo Zheng turned around and chose the Strength Bamboo Slip, the Defense Bamboo Slip, and the Speed Bamboo Slip to exchange for these three bamboo slips.
Some people were extremely extreme and concentrated all their fantasy points on one bamboo slip, but Luo Zheng still pursued balance as much as possible. However, Luo Zheng did not know that when he was exchanging, the mysterious girl had already done something to him.