The number of Fantasy Points accumulated during the second stage would no longer determine the ranking of the Illusion Battlefield.
Now, they were in the process of elimination. As long as their statues were damaged, they would be eliminated.
Thus, every martialist would invest all their Fantasy Points into their statues before the end of the time and use them to strengthen their statues.
100,000 Fantasy Points could only strengthen their statues once, and the degree of strengthening wasn't obvious.
They knew that they would have to rely on themselves for the next battle. It was impossible to rely on the statues to fight.
Thus, most of the martialists used their Fantasy Points to strengthen their defenses. This was the most reliable method. After all, the top 2,500 martialists had absolute confidence in their own strength.
As for this statue made of an unknown stone? It would be fine as long as it didn't shatter and cause them to be eliminated …
There was originally a purple star on the chest of this statue.
When they strengthened their statues 100 times, which was 50 million Fantasy Points, an additional purple star would appear on their chests!
Most people had more than 5,000 Fantasy Points. Only the martialists ranked below the top 2,000 would accumulate slightly fewer Fantasy Points. Thus, after everyone exhausted their accumulated Fantasy Points, a purple mark would appear on their chests and a second purple star would appear.
During this strengthening process, a heavily armored martialist brought his statue to the second level.
This martialist had a square face, and his equipment was very exaggerated. He held a huge shield that was as tall as a person in his left hand and a silver sword in his right. His eyes were burning and his expression was very solemn. The statue behind him also held a huge shield and a heavy sword.
Luo Zheng was methodically strengthening his statue when he saw a flash of white light at the corner of his eyes. He glanced at it and raised his eyebrows imperceptibly.
This person was ranked seventh in the pyramid!
Because of his heavy equipment, Luo Zheng had a deep impression of him. However, he didn't know which faction this fellow belonged to.
When this person came up, everyone started whispering.
"Jiang Zhengyi of the Demi-Immortal Race …"
"I heard he's crazy …"
"Don't underestimate this person. He's a Dao Disciple of the Demi-Immortal Race!"
When Luo Zheng heard these discussions, Luo Zheng's heart jumped slightly.
So this was a Daoist?
Now, Luo Zheng already knew that Daozi was a martial artist who had fully bloomed his Mahayana Lotus. However, this person looked strange. Which Divine Path did he cultivate?
"Justice No.2! We're on standby! "
Jiang Zhengyi waved the heavy sword in his hand and pointed at a position. His statue stood there according to his orders, and at the same time, it knelt down on one knee and kowtowed to him.
Seeing this scene, Luo Zheng was stupefied.
He had already said that this statue was his clone. Controlling a clone to kneel and worship him, could this person really be crazy? How could a lunatic become a Daoist?
After Jiang Zhengyi gave the order, he started to use his consciousness to browse through the bamboo slips like the others …
After making this decision, he actually chose to strengthen his strength. He used all his fantasy points to exchange for the Power Bamboo Scroll!
Streaks of red light surrounded his statue! Every time the red light flashed, it meant that he was going to strengthen it once. From the looks of it, he was probably only preparing to strengthen his strength!
Everyone looked at this Demi-Immortal Daoist as if they were looking at an idiot.
This statue was as weak as mud and would break with a light touch. What was the use of purely strengthening his strength?
If he used that statue to punch him, he would probably break into pieces. This Jiang Zhengyi didn't plan on passing the second stage, right?
"I've always heard that the Demi-Immortal Daoist Jiang Zhengyi was a strange fellow. Today, I've seen it for myself. He's no different from an idiot," a martial artist said mockingly.
Jiang Zhengyi seemed to be concentrating on his statue. When he heard this, he suddenly turned his head and said to the martial artist, "Talking about others behind their backs is an extremely immoral thing!"
After saying this, Jiang Zhengyi waved the heavy sword in his hand and pointed it at the martial artist. The shiny sword reflected the martial artist's face. Jiang Zhengyi continued, "I'll remember your face. I can't punish you here, but if we meet in the outside world, I definitely won't let you off!"
When he said this, his expression was extremely serious. It didn't seem like he was joking. It was as if since he said this, he had to do it.
Hearing this, the martial artist's expression turned ugly …
No matter how much of an idiot Jiang Zhengyi was, he was still a Demi-Immortal Daoist. Furthermore, it was rumored that this fellow never joked and always did what he said.
After saying this, Jiang Zhengyi no longer paid attention to the martial artist and continued to invest fantasy points to strengthen his statue.
Soon after, a purple light flashed and a second purple star appeared on the statue's chest. This meant that Jiang Zhengyi had invested more than 50 million fantasy points. However, he did not stop there. Instead, he continued to strengthen the statue's power.
However, no one expected that not long after, the chest of Jiang Zhengyi's statue flashed with purple light again.
A third purple star had appeared!
"Why is there a third purple star?"
"This Jiang Zhengyi probably has more than 100 million fantasy points! That's why there's a third purple star! "
"So many fantasy points are wasted on strengthening my strength. What a waste …"
No one knew how to quantify the strength of the statue and could only make a rough estimate.
However, everyone could guess that the purple star on the statue represented the degree of strengthening the statue itself …
Seeing this scene, everyone sighed in their hearts. This fellow actually had so many fantasy points, but he was wasting them on strengthening the statue!
One had to know that everyone only had two ways to strengthen the statue. One was to infinitely strengthen the statue's defense. The other was to do the same as Luo Zheng, to strengthen the statue evenly. What was the use of strengthening the statue?
However, no one reminded Jiang Zhengyi. Even if they did, this fellow wouldn't listen.
After Luo Zheng strengthened the speed jade slip, he began to strengthen the strength and defense jade slips.
However, at this moment, a strange scene occurred …
He hadn't strengthened it for long when the chest of his statue flashed with purple light and a second purple star appeared!
According to their speculations, the appearance of a second five-star required 50 million fantasy points. However, Luo Zheng had only used less than 8 million fantasy points. How could there be an additional purple star?
At this moment, no one was paying attention to Jiang Zhengyi.
Although they knew that Jiang Zhengyi was ranked very high and was ranked seventh in the entire Illusory Battlefield, they didn't know how many fantasy points he had accumulated. Using this point, they could make a rough estimate!
Currently, Jiang Zhengyi was still constantly strengthening himself. Everyone held their breaths as they watched this scene.
Not long after, a fourth purple star appeared!
In other words, Jiang Zhengyi had at least 200 million fantasy points …
These cultivators who had entered the top 2,500 were somewhat arrogant. Since they had climbed to the top 2,500, they felt that the gap between them and the experts in front of them wasn't that big!
However, Jiang Zhengyi had more than 200 million fantasy points and was only ranked seventh?
How many fantasy points had the sixth person plundered?
What about the fifth person?
Fourth, third, second …
At this moment, they all sucked in a breath of cold air. They finally realized how big the gap was between them and the geniuses in front of them!
This exclamation also attracted Luo Zheng's attention.
"This fellow really has 200 million fantasy points?" Luo Zheng's pupils constricted.
No wonder …
Luo Zheng had plundered close to 100 million fantasy points in that large world but still wasn't able to surpass the first place. It was likely that the first place had a lot of fantasy points as well.
These fellows were indeed monstrous. The higher the rank of the cultivators, the greater the gap between them …
After a long time, Jiang Zhengyi finally stopped strengthening his statue. Judging from the time he stopped strengthening, everyone guessed that he had between 230 million and 240 million fantasy points. He definitely hadn't reached 250 million fantasy points. Otherwise, he would have been able to strengthen a fifth five-star purple star.
As for Luo Zheng, he also sped up the strengthening process …
He was still puzzled. The second five-star purple star had appeared very early on. He originally thought that it might have been because he had distributed it better and thus had a greater impact on the statue's strength.