It wasn't strange for two purple stars to appear.
Most people would be able to form a second purple star after spending all their fantasy points.
However, those who could strengthen a third purple star were few and far between …
Only the top 20 in the Illusion Battlefield would have so many fantasy points.
In this scarlet castle, there were only seven or eight cultivators who could strengthen the third purple star.
"Look, that kid also formed a third purple star!"
Some cultivators noticed the statue beside Luo Zheng.
When that cultivator shouted, everyone's gazes gathered. When they noticed Luo Zheng, they were slightly stunned.
"This guy, I remember he's only ranked around 70."
"To be precise, he's ranked 77."
"That's not right. This guy's ranking is behind me. He definitely has fewer fantasy points than me, but why can't I form a third purple star?!"
These cultivators were very meticulous in their observations. They had clearly memorized their respective rankings.
The rankings were based on the number of fantasy points. The cultivators ranked above Luo Zheng couldn't form a third purple star. How could Luo Zheng form a third purple star?
A helpless smile appeared on Luo Zheng's face when he heard these discussions.
He also didn't know what had happened …
However, he didn't talk about the discussions of others. Instead, he continued to invest fantasy points into the bamboo slips and continued to strengthen his statue.
When Luo Zheng invested more than 40 million fantasy points, the statue's chest flickered with purple light again!
"Buzz …"
The fourth purple star condensed on his chest.
"The fourth one!"
"No way, how did he do it?"
"I don't think he invested that many fantasy points …"
At this moment, the righteous Jiang Zhengyi also looked over and stared at Luo Zheng's statue.
All the cultivators looked over at Luo Zheng …
"This guy didn't cheat, right?"
"Cheat? Cheating in the Illusion Battlefield? Are you joking? "
"If he didn't cheat, how could he form a fourth purple star …"
However, before they could finish their words, another purple star condensed above Luo Zheng's statue ….
The fifth one …
Normally, forming the fifth purple star would require 250 million fantasy points.
Even the seventh-ranked Dao Child of the Demi-Immortal Clan hadn't been able to condense it, but Luo Zheng had.
Everyone looked at the statue of Luo Zheng. Their faces were blank, and they didn't know what to say.
"There won't be a sixth one …"
However, before he could finish speaking, a purple light flashed, and the sixth purple star appeared.
Luo Zheng glanced at the sixth purple star above the statue. His expression was numb.
He had already guessed where the problem lay. It was most likely that the mysterious girl had done something.
"This fellow is too willful …"
Luo Zheng said in a low voice. However, he had no other choice. He couldn't just throw all these fantasy points away and waste them here.
As Luo Zheng continued to invest his Fantasy Points, purple stars appeared one after another.
The seventh one …
The eighth one …
The ninth one …
When Luo Zheng used up all his Fantasy Points, ten purple stars appeared on the chest of the statue!
This statue emitted a vigorous aura that was even stronger than Luo Zheng's aura …
Every time a purple star appeared, the shock in everyone's eyes increased. At this moment, they were very quiet as they stared at Luo Zheng in a daze.
Luo Zheng sized up his statue, and a trace of satisfaction appeared on his face. He then raised his head and looked at the circle of light at the top of the blood-colored castle. This circle of light was already 90% complete. It seemed that the countdown was about to end. With a thought, he controlled the statue and prepared to leave with it.
"You … how did you do it?" a warrior asked. Everyone wanted to know the trick.
Luo Zheng shrugged his shoulders. "I'm not sure either."
After Luo Zheng left, everyone started to discuss again.
"Who is this fellow?"
"Being ranked 77th, he definitely isn't a nobody. However, he looks very unfamiliar …"
"Hurry up and get ready. The countdown is about to end."
Luo Zheng brought the statue to the platform above the blood-colored castle's gate and looked at the plains in the distance.
According to the mysterious girl, this round of assessment would be faced with an endless beast tide …
The statue would be the first target of the beast tide, and the warrior would be the second target. If the warrior died, there was no problem as he could revive. However, once the statue was destroyed, he would be eliminated!
After everyone strengthened their statues, they began to occupy the advantageous terrain.
Some people climbed to the top of the castle, some hid in a corner, and even more people were distributed on both sides of the castle …
Soon after, the circle of light completely disappeared.
The moment the circle of light dissipated, it emitted a blood-colored light that suddenly spread out.
"Hu …"
Luo Zheng, who was standing next to the statue, looked at the endless plains in front of the blood-colored castle's gate and saw a thin stretch of black gas rising straight up.
"Ge ge ge …"
A series of disorderly chirps could be heard from afar.
A blue light flashed in Luo Zheng's eyes, and his face revealed a trace of seriousness.
"Pangolins?"
What appeared in Luo Zheng's vision was a group of innumerable black pangolins.
These pangolins were about the same size as adult wolves and had a pair of extremely sharp wings. Although they had wings, they relied on a pair of thick feet to run wildly on the ground.
"This is …"
"This is the Nether Armor Beast. This beast grew up in the Underworld. Its abdomen is like a drum, hiding explosive sacs. After killing it, it will produce a violent explosion!"
"This is the first wave!"
Seeing countless Nether Armor Beasts approaching, Luo Zheng's fighting spirit became stronger and stronger.
No matter whether the mysterious girl helped him cheat or not, he had to pass the second stage of the assessment.
"Ge ge ge …"
The noisy cries were getting closer and closer.
Many warriors looked more and more serious.
These geniuses were very clear that the first stage of the assessment was only to distinguish them from the hundreds of millions of Divine Sea Realm warriors.
Now they had entered the elimination stage, which was the most critical stage!
"Here they come!"
Those Nether Armor Beasts were like a black carpet, rushing over from the plain. However, in the end, they still gathered at the gate of the Scarlet Castle and swarmed in through the mouth of the beast head!
"Ge ge ge …"
Most of the Nether Armor Beasts went straight to the Scarlet Castle, but some of them noticed Luo Zheng on the platform. They turned their heads and charged at him.
Or rather, they charged at Luo Zheng's statue.
"Die!"
There was no hesitation on Luo Zheng's face. With a gentle wave of the Thunder and Wind Ghost Sword, chaotic wind blades spread out from the long sword!
"Swish, swish, swish, swish …"
These wind blades formed a circular encirclement, wrapping Luo Zheng and the statue in the middle.
The Nether Armor Beast in the front exploded the moment it was cut by the wind blades, creating a powerful impact!
"Bang!"
After this Nether Armor Beast exploded, the sharp scales on its back also spewed out, rushing toward Luo Zheng and the statue like hidden weapons.
At first, Luo Zheng was still a little worried. Although his statue had been strengthened, the specific degree of strengthening was uncertain. However, those sharp scales nailed onto the statue one by one, not leaving a single mark!
Seeing this, Luo Zheng was relieved.
With a slight thought, his statue rushed out first and began to crush those Nether Armor Beasts …
This statue was like a puppet controlled by Luo Zheng. He didn't even need to do it himself. From the gate of the castle, it crushed all the way to the hall.
These Nether Armor Beasts were like an ocean, occupying the entire Scarlet Castle.
All the warriors were desperately protecting their statues. They would rather bear the impact of the explosion of the Nether Armor Beasts than let their statues suffer the slightest bit of damage.
Just now, a warrior was careless and his statue was surrounded by dozens of Nether Armor Beasts. Under the explosion, the statue was blown to pieces, and that warrior was directly eliminated!
Among them, the most extreme was Jiang Zhengyi.
Although his statue was extremely fragile, he used all his fantasy points to strengthen the power of his statue.
However, at this moment, his statue was enveloped by a translucent light shield.
This was the "Sacred Shield of the Heart" that Jiang Zhengyi had comprehended. As long as his mind was not destroyed, the Sacred Shield would never be broken!
With such a sacred shield draped over the statue, it brandished the giant sword in its hand. Those Nether Armor Beasts were like ants in front of the statue, and they were easily crushed.
However, when everyone's gaze landed on Luo Zheng's statue, they were all speechless.
Luo Zheng didn't give the statue any protection. He just relied on himself to rampage through those Nether Armor Beasts …
＝＝＝＝＝