It was probably because this statue had been strengthened by Luo Zheng to a ridiculous degree …
Luo Zheng was also very surprised and speechless.
This Scarlet Castle should be a process of elimination, but that mysterious little girl had directly helped him strengthen this statue to an astonishing degree.
With this statue's current strength, it would be very difficult for Luo Zheng to destroy it.
This directly led to a problem.
During this process of elimination, he seemed to have become an existence that had nothing to do and was like a bystander.
Wave after wave of beasts rushed into the Scarlet Castle like a tide.
From the Nether Armor Beasts to the Wind Tooth Dragons now …
Luo Zheng's statue was like a boulder, standing in the middle of the castle's hall.
As for the other warriors, they were either running around after being crushed by the beasts, or struggling to hold on.
Towards the end, even Jiang Zhengyi could not hold on!
After all, the beasts became stronger as they went on. Although the Sacred Shield he condensed was very strong, it was also consuming his willpower …
Luo Zheng cut the head of a Wind Tooth Dragon with a sword, but his face was full of indifference.
The Wind Tooth Dragons' first target was the statues, so they would not dodge his attack …
Luo Zheng could probably pass this round of elimination by sleeping. He was completely reduced to a spectator.
"Unnecessary." Luo Zheng curled his lips, his face revealing a helpless expression. Although he knew that the mysterious girl had good intentions, she had made him lose any difficulty in challenging her.
He lowered his head to look at his Sumeru Ring, and gently pressed it. Accompanied by a flash of light, the Teleportation Token appeared in his hand.
With the strength of this statue, he did not need to do anything to pass this round of elimination.
Accompanied by a flash of light, Luo Zheng escaped into that strange space.
At this moment, the marked main cities in this space had completely disappeared, leaving only the three red main cities in the center, which were the three Scarlet Castles.
Without much consideration, Luo Zheng chose one of the main cities and abruptly sunk into it.
Now, the three Scarlet Castles were undergoing the baptism of the beasts, and warriors were constantly being eliminated.
Among the 2,500 warriors, thousands of their statues had been destroyed by the beasts. The moment their statues were destroyed, they were kicked out of this place and eliminated …
Although they were unwilling, the rules of the Illusory Battlefield were like this. If they could not comply, they would be eliminated.
"Bang!"
Accompanied by a blazing white light, Luo Zheng directly appeared at the top of the Scarlet Castle's hall, and then fell down heavily.
Some of the warriors who were fighting against the ferocious beasts were stunned when they saw this scene.
What happened?
Why did this guy appear at this time?
In the hall of the blood-colored castle, seven flying swords of different colors floated around Xi Youqin.
These seven flying swords were the inheritance treasures of the Indefinite Tower. For this War of the Worlds, the Indefinite Old Man naturally would not be stingy and handed them over to Xi Youqin to bring into the Illusory Battlefield.
But before this, she had never used to use them …
But in order to protect her statue, Xi Youqin did not hesitate to use these seven flying swords.
The seven flying swords shuttled back and forth between her and her statue, forming seven colorful lines that protected her from top to bottom. But even so, there were some cracks on Xi Youqin's statue.
In comparison, Xuanyuan Chenfeng, who was beside Xi Youqin, seemed to be at ease.
Xuanyuan Chenfeng had plundered about 300 million fantasy points in the Illusory Battlefield! Using these fantasy points to strengthen the statue, it was naturally much stronger than ordinary warriors. Moreover, Xuanyuan Chenfeng's strength was not ordinary, and he seemed to be at ease in this round of elimination.
Of course …
No matter how at ease he was, he could not be compared to Luo Zheng. Luo Zheng directly threw his statue in another Scarlet Castle, and ran over to "stroll" by himself.
"Miss, you still haven't told me your name!" Xuanyuan Chenfeng said indifferently beside Xi Youqin. Although there was a trace of gloominess between his brows, his words were refined. In addition to his handsome appearance, he gave people a feeling of bathing in the spring breeze.
"Move aside!"
Xi Youqin said coldly. The seven flying swords shuttled back and forth even faster, but her attitude was extremely cold.
"Swish, swish, swish …"
In the blink of an eye, she cut more than ten Wind Fang Dragons into pieces.
These Wind Fang Dragons were not very strong, but they were beings of law born in the wind. Before they died, they would turn into wind blades that could penetrate through any hole. If one was careless, one's statue would be damaged, so one had to be very careful when dealing with them.
Xi Youqin did not care if she was eliminated. Her master did not set a rule that she had to be first …
But she was only a step away from meeting Luo Zheng, so how could she give up so easily?
The most important thing was that Xuanyuan Chenfeng was nagging at the side, which made Xi Youqin's mood very irritated!
"Miss, if you tell me your name, I, Xuanyuan Chenfeng, can guarantee that you will not be eliminated," Xuanyuan Chenfeng said. He stretched out his hand and patted lightly. Waves of invisible energy spread out.
All the Wind Fang Dragons within a radius of ten zhang seemed to be choked by an invisible hand. They were lifted in the air, constantly struggling …
Then, he stretched out his hand and gently pinched!
These hundreds of Wind Fang Dragons were pinched into two by him!
"Swish swish …"
Hundreds of Wind Fang Dragons were killed in an instant, and they immediately turned into tens of thousands of sharp wind blades, flying toward Xi Youqin and Xuanyuan Chenfeng.
However, Xuanyuan Chenfeng's expression did not change. He gently waved his hand, and all the wind blades automatically dissipated. When those wind blades shot over, they turned into gusts of wind …
"So strong." Seeing this scene, Xi Youqin's eyes slightly narrowed.
The current her was no longer the Xi Youqin of the past. After six years of cultivation in the Uncertain Tower, she had a new understanding of the martial path.
Xuanyuan Chenfeng's move was indeed somewhat unimaginable. He actually directly dissolved the wind blades!
However, just as Xuanyuan Chenfeng killed those Wind Fang Dragons, a large number of Wind Fang Dragons immediately filled the gap and continued to rush toward Xi Youqin …
At this moment, Xuanyuan Chenfeng did not attack. His figure was like the wind, dodging, allowing those Wind Fang Dragons to attack Xi Youqin.
Xi Youqin lightly bit her dark red lips. The seven flying swords' coordination became even tighter …
Actually, with her strength, it was not difficult to deal with these Wind Fang Dragons. However, when she was strengthening the statue, she wasted a large amount of fantasy points. The strengthening of the statue's defensive power was not enough.
Her statue was simply unable to withstand the cutting of the wind blades. Just a slight touch would leave a deep mark!
However, if her sword formation was used against the enemy, although it could be watertight, it was slightly strenuous to block these wind blades.
"Pa!"
In a moment of carelessness, a wind blade directly pierced through her sword formation. One of the wind blades was not blocked by her and directly hit her statue, almost cutting it in half!
Seeing this scene, Xi Youqin's face revealed a trace of hesitation. There was also a trace of helplessness in her eyes.
Xuanyuan Chenfeng still had a gentle smile on his face as he indifferently looked at Xi Youqin. With his great reputation, he did not lack women.
As long as Xuanyuan Chenfeng opened his mouth, those proud women would be at his disposal.
As a Daozi, he was the main character of this era. Who could resist him?
However, this woman in front of him was the first woman to arouse his interest. He never expected that this woman would be so cold to him …
With Xuanyuan Chenfeng's arrogant personality, he believed that there was nothing he could not do.
"Miss … It wasn't easy for you to fight your way here. It would be a pity if you were eliminated …"
However, Xi Youqin ignored him. She snorted coldly at him and continued to bitterly hold on …
Not far away, there was a group of Wind Fang Dragons that covered the sky and rushed towards her.
Her slender eyebrows furrowed, and the seven long swords all turned around, forming a spiral sword formation, and strangling towards the front!
Meanwhile, she began to retreat with the statue behind her!
However, just as she retreated, she saw several wind blades rushing towards her from the other side.
These Wind Fang Dragons had already filled the entire hall of the castle. As long as one Wind Fang Dragon was killed, it would scatter wind blades. Therefore, everyone in the hall was in danger because they did not know where the wind blades would come from.
Previously, many warriors had already fallen because of this.
As she retreated, Xi Youqin's expression suddenly changed. Her seven flying swords had already shot forward, but they were unable to stop those wind blades!
Seeing this, the corners of Xi Youqin's mouth curled up as resentment flowed out of her eyes.
"Damn it, I was just one step away from meeting that enemy!"
The statue was destroyed, and she was about to be eliminated. Her long-cherished wish to see Luo Zheng again would have to be pushed back!