Although she knew that she was about to be eliminated, Xi Youqin was not sad at all.
For the other geniuses, this round of the Battle of the Ages was a torrent of courage.
If they succeeded, they would bear the fate of the entire universe, and at the same time, they would obtain endless resources and a bright future.
As long as they persevered for one more step, they might be able to reach the peak. At this moment, after being eliminated, their feelings would probably be like falling into an abyss.
However, in Xi Youqin's opinion …
These were just trivial matters of no consequence.
Her goal was never to compete with the countless geniuses in the universe.
She left the Purple Extreme Realm just to find Luo Zheng. As for the high hopes that her Master had placed on her … that was only her Master's high hopes.
Most of the martial artists would probably find it hard to understand that she had competed all the way out of hundreds of millions of martial artists just for such a speechless goal.
At this moment, Xi Youqin only felt extremely regretful …
That guy was obviously in another scarlet castle. Due to the restrictions of the rules, she could not surpass him. She felt very regretful.
However, at this moment, she suddenly felt a figure flash by.
That figure stopped beside her, blocking in front of her statue …
"Puff, puff, puff, puff …"
Several wind blades, like sharp blades, hit the figure and produced a series of muffled sounds.
Who was this guy …
Why did he use his body to block it?
Even if these geniuses used their bodies to block the wind blades, they would definitely be seriously injured, right?
She raised her head slightly and saw a handsome face. There was a faint smile on his face and his eyes were shining with an indescribable expression.
It was this smile that made Xi Youqin a little dazed.
Her heart was full of questions, and this place was still full of danger, but she was too lazy to pay attention to them.
The seven flying swords that had lost control were like puppets that had lost their strings. They fell to the ground and emitted a pleasant sound when they collided with each other.
Without the resistance of the sword formation, groups of wind teeth dragons attacked again …
If she did not resist, her statue would be torn apart at any time, and she would be eliminated …
However, she did not care anymore. After all, she had already seen this person.
Without paying attention to anything, she threw herself into Luo Zheng's arms.
For the past few years, she had been suppressing her longing while cultivating. However, these longing could only be suppressed and could not be erased.
But the more he suppressed it, the crazier these thoughts grew. Recently, it had almost reached the point where it was hard to suppress.
It was also at this moment that she vented her longing. A pair of jade-like arms tightly hugged Luo Zheng. She raised her head and stared at Luo Zheng, her eyes filled with infatuation.
As Xi Youqin pounced on him, Luo Zheng took the opportunity to step back and gently supported her with a gentle smile on his face.
However, he wouldn't be like Xi Youqin, who didn't care about anything.
Facing the surging Wind Fang Dragons, Luo Zheng's Primal Chaos Sea kept surging. After drawing out strands of Primal Chaos Qi, Luo Zheng's finger kept spinning.
Then, rings of light began to appear on the ground …
He had to protect Xi Youqin and deal with the Wind Fang Dragons, so he could only use the Thunder Calamity Annihilation.
Although the Thunder Calamity Annihilation consumed a lot of energy, it was extremely useful in this situation.
After a moment, lightning flashed in the air. The lightning arrived in an instant and covered the rings of light.
The powerful lightning directly poured down, and the Wind Fang Dragons were instantly killed by the lightning. Before they could shoot out the wind blades, they were directly swallowed by the Thunder Calamity Annihilation. This was no ordinary Law of Lightning. Instead, it had truly triggered the might of the Lightning Tribulation.
Even Xuanyuan Chenfeng's thick eyebrows could not help but slightly raise. He looked at Luo Zheng with an undetectable gloomy expression.
"This is that Luo Zheng!" Xuanyuan Chenfeng had seen Luo Zheng's statue through Xi Youqin. "A technique that directly triggers the Thunder Calamity Annihilation. Interesting …"
Then, Xuanyuan Chenfeng suddenly thought of an important question …
Wasn't this guy in another blood-colored castle?
Why did he suddenly appear here?
Xuanyuan Chenfeng did not take Luo Zheng's method seriously. A technique that could trigger the Thunder Calamity Annihilation Annihilation Annihilation Annihilation Annihilation was rare, but it only made him curious. As a Dao Disciple, he was the only one in the universe. He did not take any opponents of the same level seriously.
He just did not understand what kind of magical ability this guy had. How could he jump from one blood-colored castle to another? And this guy did not need to protect his statue?
Luo Zheng naturally did not know that there was a guy beside him who was full of doubts about him. He was just coaxing Xi Youqin while dealing with the Wind Fang Dragons.
"I've been looking for you for a long time!" Xi Youqin acted coquettishly in Luo Zheng's arms.
"Me too," Luo Zheng said with a smile.
"Really?"
Xi Youqin's eyes flashed, but the light quickly dimmed. She shook her head, "I don't believe it!"
"Really …"
Many warriors were tired of dealing with the Wind Fang Dragons to prevent themselves from being eliminated, but this blood-colored castle had become a place for two people to talk about love.
After retreating, Luo Zheng led Xi Youqin and the statue to a corner of the castle. This place formed an angle, and there was only one path. He only needed to block the front to protect Xi Youqin and her statue.
Xi Youqin did not think so much. Although her current ranking was higher than Luo Zheng's, and her strength could compete with the geniuses of the universe, she did not have the consciousness of an expert. She was still that little girl who liked to fiddle with her cooking skills.
Now that Luo Zheng was beside her, she naturally handed everything over to him. As for the power of the thunder behind her, and how dangerous it was, she did not even bother to look back. She just put her small nose close to Luo Zheng's chest, like a kitten sniffing this long-lost scent …
"Why are you participating in the Illusory Battlefield?" Luo Zheng asked softly.
Xi Youqin's eyes blinked twice, "To find you!"
Hearing this answer, Luo Zheng did not know whether to laugh or cry, "I want to ask, how did your cultivation advance so quickly …"
Through the memories of the World Will, Luo Zheng knew that Xi Youqin had left the Vast Thousand World and entered the Extreme Purple Realm.
Before he ascended, he knew that Xi Youqin was hiding something from him.
However, she treated it as a secret and refused to reveal it to Luo Zheng. Therefore, Luo Zheng was so shocked when he saw Xi Youqin's statue in the blood-colored castle.
A person who had no interest in cultivation had advanced to the second stage of the Illusory Battlefield, and her ranking was higher than his. At that moment, Luo Zheng felt a sense of defeat. There was only one question in his mind. What was going on?
Hearing Luo Zheng's question, Xi Youqin giggled. She was very satisfied with Luo Zheng's question.
During Luo Zheng's dual cultivation celebration, Xi Youqin escaped into the Extreme Purple Realm and inadvertently became a disciple. She had been hiding it from Luo Zheng all this time.
At that time, Xi Youqin was extremely disappointed, and she was extremely jealous of Ning Yudie.
However, at this moment, Xi Youqin was very satisfied. At least that woman was still bitterly cultivating in the Mortal World, while she could snuggle up in Luo Zheng's arms. For Xi Youqin, this was a temporary victory! It was also the reward for her hard work over the past six years!
Therefore, she slowly and methodically told Luo Zheng what had happened back then.
Hearing the last part, Luo Zheng was also moved.
He didn't expect Xi Youqin to have done so much behind his back, and the only purpose of doing all this was to stay by his side. Thinking about how he hadn't given her anything in return, he couldn't help but feel ashamed.
Probably reading Luo Zheng's thoughts from his eyes, Xi Youqin chuckled. She stared into Luo Zheng's eyes and continued, "Don't feel ashamed. Just promise me one thing!"
"What is it?" Luo Zheng asked curiously.
At this moment, Xi Youqin's expression became extremely serious. "Owe me one. Marry me officially."
Luo Zheng stared at Xi Youqin and was slightly speechless. Then, he stared deeply at Xi Youqin and nodded seriously.
Xi Youqin's obsession was so deep that it had even integrated into her state of mind. In other words, she didn't have the so-called heart of martial arts. All her obsession was Luo Zheng!
After Luo Zheng nodded, Xi Youqin smiled with relief.