At this moment, all the martial artists in the blood-colored hall were fighting with all their might.
Only a small number of people could do it with ease.
For example, Xuanyuan Chenfeng.
He had more fantasy points, and the strengthened statue was much stronger than others. With his methods, if he was eliminated here, everyone would be eliminated.
Xuanyuan Chenfeng was a legendary figure!
He had a rough childhood. When he was born, he attracted the stars. It was a good omen for the Xuanyuan Clan.
However, Xuanyuan Chenfeng belonged to an insignificant side branch in the huge Xuanyuan Clan.
This phenomenon that was supposed to be an auspicious omen had instead brought him a calamity of death!
One of the main branches of the clan found his side branch in the shortest time possible and replaced Xuanyuan Chenfeng with a leopard cat. They planned to drown the real Xuanyuan Chenfeng …
However, for a favored child like Xuanyuan Chenfeng, even if he was just an infant, he had luck that ordinary people could not hope for.
Not only did he not die, but he also grew up tenaciously in a special environment. In the end, he soared to the sky and became a Daoist of the Xuanyuan Clan. And he used the name of a Daoist to take revenge for the past.
Although Xuanyuan Chenfeng was full of confidence now, because of his complicated childhood experience, he was full of distrust towards everything.
Until now, no woman had appeared by his side.
According to the rules of the Four Great Clans of the Gods No Thoughts, when these Dao Children and Geniuses reached a certain age, they would be married. However, every marriage was rejected by Xuanyuan Chenfeng. Therefore, there was a rumor in the Four Great Clans that Xuanyuan Chenfeng might have a preference for men.
He was not far away. When he heard Xi Youqin's words, he felt a little emotional. He had never met such a woman before …
Wave after wave of beasts swept over.
The number of martial artists in the three blood-colored castles decreased rapidly from 2,500.
Two days and two nights later …
Most of the martial artists were already exhausted, and the wave after wave of Beast Tide finally stopped.
At this moment, there were only 300 martial artists left in the blood-colored hall. This round of elimination eliminated 90% of the martial artists.
The rules of the Illusion Battlefield were set up to be extremely cruel. The final goal was to select the main character after the Battle of the Era …
In the first stage, only 2,500 out of 100 million Divine Sea Realm martial artists were selected.
In the second stage, only three hundred of the two thousand five hundred martial artists would be selected.
Under such a selection, the group of people who remained in the end were the prodigies and Daoists of the various major races.
And these 300 people were destined to be the most dazzling 300 stars in the universe!
Not long after, the tops of the three blood-red castles opened up and joined together, forming three massive arched bridges that connected head to tail. And in the center of these three castles, a thick purple pillar of light slowly rose up. Within this pillar of light, there were fishes that swam about. They emitted the might of the heavens and earth, enough to make all living beings submit to them!
There were only a hundred martial practitioners left in each Blood Castle.
Now that the castle was open, they all jumped onto the arched bridge and walked towards the purple light pillar in the center.
"We should go too," Luo Zheng said to Xi Youqin with a smile.
She didn't even look at the purple beam of light when it appeared. She was still nestled in Luo Zheng's arms.
Xi Youqin nodded slightly and followed behind Luo Zheng onto the arched bridge.
In the 50 Big Worlds, the most powerful people who were selected from the hundreds of millions of martial artists were gathered here.
In this encounter, in addition to observing the fishes swimming in the purple light pillar, everyone was also silently sizing each other up.
Some of them already knew each other …
For example, Xuanyuan Chenfeng and Lie Qianhan.
Some people had distinctive features, such as Jiang Zhengyi, who was wearing a heavy helmet and had a righteous face. At a glance, one could tell that he was the Daoist of the Demi-Immortal Clan …
Of course, Luo Zheng himself was extremely famous.
But there were only a few people who had actually seen him …
However, before he could get close to the purple light pillar, a person with a sword blocked in front of Luo Zheng.
"This is really surprising. I thought that with your strength, you wouldn't even be able to enter the second stage. I didn't expect that not only did you successfully enter the second stage, but you also didn't get eliminated … Interesting! Really interesting! "
The sword in this person's hand was an inconspicuous dark iron sword, which was even a little broken.
This time, he blocked Luo Zheng's path and slightly lowered his long sword with an arrogant expression. It was Dugu Jian Xiaoxiao, whom Luo Zheng had met in the Karma Hall!
Xuanyuan Chenfeng, who was not far away, heard Dugu Jian Xiaoxiao's words, and his eyes flashed slightly …
Dugu Jian Xiaoxiao came from Gods Without Thoughts and had participated in the Four Clans Competition before, so he naturally knew this person. However, Xuanyuan Chenfeng was also curious. How did this Luo Zheng provoke this person?
Hearing this, everyone's eyes immediately focused on this side.
They had more or less heard of Dugu Jian Xiaoxiao and his magical sword …
However, they didn't know that this guy seemed to have a grudge with another person. Why did he want to provoke him like this?
Hearing Dugu Jian Xiaoxiao's words, Luo Zheng replied indifferently, "It's not that interesting. At least, I'll give you a chance."
"What do you mean, give me a chance?" Dugu Jian Xiaoxiao was slightly taken aback.
"I'll give you a chance to eliminate me," Luo Zheng said with a smile.
As soon as he said this, the others were also slightly taken aback.
Dugu Jian Xiaoxiao was only a prodigy of Gods Without Thoughts, but with that strange sword in his hand, his strength was probably not inferior to a Daozi's!
Who was this young man in front of them?
His tone was so arrogant that he didn't even take Dugu Jian Xiaoxiao seriously?
"Very good. Then I'll have to thank you for giving me this chance!" Dugu Jian Xiaoxiao's eyes were filled with anger. He had been tricked by Luo Zheng in the Karma Hall, and he was very unwilling to accept it. Losing in the Karma Hall was a great insult to him, and he wanted to settle this score with Luo Zheng.
Because of this dispute, a few of them quickly noticed Luo Zheng …
Not far away, there was a woman dressed in purple. Her skin was as white as snow, and she was slim and elegant. She was Ji Luoxue, who had once lost to Luo Zheng.
When she saw Luo Zheng, snowflakes fluttered in the air, and she also slowly walked over. Her gaze focused on Luo Zheng, and she said calmly, "We meet again."
After entering the second stage of the Illusory Battlefield, Ji Luoxue took this opportunity to merge her two bodies. At this moment, Ji Luoxue was in her true, complete form, and her aura had changed slightly.
"Who is she?"
At this moment, Xi Youqin saw that Ji Luoxue's appearance was extraordinary, but she was hugging Luo Zheng's right arm. She frowned slightly and stared at Ji Luoxue.
Noticing Xi Youqin and Luo Zheng's intimate actions, Ji Luoxue's eyes revealed a trace of astonishment. Judging from Xi Youqin and Luo Zheng's intimate actions, they should be a couple who knew each other. However, Ji Luoxue knew nothing about their backgrounds. Which clan were they from?
Before Luo Zheng could speak, another voice sounded from the side. "Brother Luo Zheng!"
The person who came was carrying a sword on his back. His face was full of heroic spirit, and his eyes were sharp. It was Hua Tianming, who had already stepped into the Divine Ocean Realm.
"Brother Tianming!"
A long-lost smile appeared on Luo Zheng's face.
To be able to meet Xi Youqin and Hua Tianming at the same time here, Luo Zheng was indeed extremely surprised.
Meeting old friends, of course he was happy …
But it was also because everyone heard Hua Tianming call out "Brother Luo Zheng" that they suddenly understood.
So this person was Luo Zheng!
At this moment, not only was Dugu Jian Xiaoxiao surprised, even Ji Luoxue, who had fought fiercely with Luo Zheng before, had a strange glint in her eyes.
Ever since she entered the Illusory Battlefield, she had only tasted defeat once, and it was at the hands of this person in front of her.
However, she had never imagined that this guy was actually Luo Zheng, who often told stories …
＝＝＝＝＝