In the second stage, the Dream Points that everyone collected would no longer determine the ranking of the Dream Battlefield.
Now, it was a process of elimination. As long as the statue was destroyed, it would be eliminated.
Therefore, every martial artist would invest all their Dream Points into the statue before the end of the time period to strengthen it.
100,000 Dream Points could only strengthen one's statue once, and the degree of strengthening wasn't obvious.
They knew that they would have to rely on themselves for the next battle. It was obviously impossible to rely on the statue to fight.
Therefore, most of the martial artists would use their Dream Points to strengthen the defense. This was also the safest method. After all, the martial artists who entered the top 2,500 would have absolute confidence in their strength.
As for the statue that was made of an unknown stone? As long as it didn't shatter and cause him to be eliminated …
There was originally a purple star on the chest of the statue.
When they strengthened it 100 times, which meant that they consumed 50 million Dream Points, another purple star would appear on their chest!
Most of the martial artists had more than 5,000 Dream Points. Only the martial artists who were ranked outside the top 2,000 would have slightly lower Dream Points. Therefore, when everyone used up the Dream Points that they had accumulated for a long time, a purple mark would appear, and a second purple star would appear.
During the strengthening process, a martial artist in heavy armor brought his statue to the second stage.
This warrior had a square face, and his equipment was very exaggerated. In his left hand was a giant shield that was as tall as a person, and in his right hand was a silver heavy sword. His eyes were bright and threatening, and his expression was incomparably serious. The statue behind him also held a giant shield and heavy sword in its hands.
Luo Zheng was methodically strengthening his statue. When he saw a flash of white light in the corner of his eye, he glanced at it indifferently, and his eyebrows twitched imperceptibly.
This person was ranked seventh in the pyramid!
Because of his heavy equipment, Luo Zheng had a deep impression of him. However, he didn't know which force this guy came from.
As soon as this person appeared, everyone whispered to each other.
"Jiang Zhengyi of the Sky Immortal Clan …"
"I heard that he is a psychopath …"
"Don't underestimate this person. He is the Dao Child of the Sky Immortal Clan!"
When these discussions fell into Luo Zheng's ears, his heart skipped a beat.
So this is the Dao Child?
Now, Luo Zheng already knew that the Dao Child was a martial artist who had fully opened the Mahayana Lotus Flower. However, this person looked strange. Which Divine Path did he cultivate?
"Justice No. 2! Await orders here! "
Jiang Zhengyi waved the heavy sword in his hand and pointed to a position. His statue stood there according to his order. At the same time, it also knelt on one knee and kowtowed to him.
Luo Zheng was dumbfounded by this scene.
He had already said that this statue was his avatar, and yet he was controlling an avatar to kneel before him. Could this person really be crazy? How could a psychopath become a Dao Child?
After Jiang Zhengyi issued the order, he began to use his consciousness to browse the bamboo slips like the others …
After making a decision, he actually began to choose to strengthen his strength and exchanged all his Fantasy Points for the strength bamboo slips!
Rays of red light surrounded his statue! Every time the red light flickered, it meant that the statue was strengthened. From the looks of it, he was probably preparing to strengthen his strength!
Everyone looked at the Sky Immortal Dao Child as if they were looking at an idiot.
This statue was as fragile as mud. It would shatter with a light touch. What was the use of purely strengthening his strength?
If he used the statue to punch it, it would probably be smashed to pieces. Did Jiang Zhengyi not plan to pass the second stage?
A martial artist sneered and said, "I've always heard that the Sky Immortal Jiang Zhengyi is a strange fellow. Today, I've seen it for myself. He's no different from an idiot."
Jiang Zhengyi seemed to be concentrating on his statue. After hearing this, he suddenly turned his head and said to the martial artist, "It's extremely immoral to talk about others behind their backs!"
After saying that, Jiang Zhengyi waved the heavy sword in his hand and aimed it at the martial artist. The bright sword body reflected the martial artist's face. Jiang Zhengyi continued to say, "I'll remember your face. I can't punish you here, but if I meet you in the outside world, I won't let you go!"
When he said this, his expression was extremely serious. It didn't seem like he was joking. It was as if he had to do what he said.
Hearing this, the martial artist's face suddenly became a little ugly …
Even if Jiang Zhengyi was an idiot, he was still a Daoist of the Sky Immortal Clan. Rumor had it that this guy never joked and always did what he said.
After Jiang Zhengyi finished speaking, he no longer paid attention to the Martial Artist. He continued to invest Fantasy Points to enhance the power of his statue.
Soon after, a purple light flashed, and a second purple star appeared on his statue's chest. This meant that Jiang Zhengyi had invested more than 50 million Dream points, but he didn't stop there. He continued to strengthen the statue's power.
However, no one expected that not long after, the chest of Jiang Zhengyi's statue flashed with purple light again.
A third purple star appeared!
"How can there be a third purple star?"
"I'm afraid that Jiang Zhengyi has more than 100 million Dream Points! That's why a third purple star appeared! "
"So many Dream Points are wasted on strengthening the statue. It's such a waste …"
No one knew how to quantify the statue's strength, so they could only make a rough estimate.
However, they could guess that the purple star on the statue represented the statue's degree of strengthening …
Seeing this scene, everyone sighed inwardly. This guy has so many Dream Points, but he wants to waste them on strengthening the statue!
It should be known that there were only two ways to strengthen the statue. One was to strengthen the statue's defense indefinitely, and the other was to strengthen it evenly like Luo Zheng. What was the use of strengthening the statue?
However, no one reminded Jiang Zhengyi. Even if they did, he wouldn't listen.
After Luo Zheng strengthened the speed jade slip, he started to strengthen the power and defense jade slips.
However, at this moment, a strange scene happened …
He hadn't strengthened it for long when a purple light flashed on his statue's chest, and the second purple star appeared!
According to their speculation, the second five-star needed 50 million Dream Points to appear, but Luo Zheng had spent less than 8 million Dream Points. How could there be another purple star?
At this moment, no one paid attention to Jiang Zhengyi.
Although they knew that Jiang Zhengyi's rank was very high in the entire Dream Battlefield, they didn't know how many Dream Points he had accumulated. Now, they could use this point to make a rough calculation!
As Jiang Zhengyi was still strengthening, everyone held their breath and stared at the scene in front of them.
Not long after, the fourth purple star appeared!
In other words, Jiang Zhengyi had at least 200 million Dream Points …
The warriors who had entered the top 2,500 were somewhat arrogant. Since they had climbed to the top 2,500, they thought that the gap between them and the experts in front of them wasn't that big!
However, Jiang Zhengyi had more than 200 million Dream Points, but he was only ranked seventh?
How many Dream Points did the sixth place plunder?
What about the fifth place?
Fourth, third, second …
At this moment, they all sucked in a breath of cold air, finally realizing how big the gap between them and the Daoist geniuses in front of them was!
Luo Zheng's attention was also attracted by the commotion.
"This guy really has 200 million Dream Points?" Luo Zheng's pupils shrank slightly.
No wonder …
Luo Zheng had plundered nearly 100 million Dream Points in that big world, but he still couldn't surpass the first place. It seemed that the first place had a lot of Dream Points.
These guys were really abnormal. The higher the rank, the bigger the gap between the warriors …
After a long time, Jiang Zhengyi finally stopped strengthening the statue. According to the time when he stopped strengthening, everyone guessed that he had between 230 million and 240 million Dream Points. He definitely hadn't reached 250 million. Otherwise, he would have strengthened the fifth purple star.
As for Luo Zheng, he also accelerated his strengthening speed …
He was still doubtful. The second purple star had appeared on his statue very early. At first, he thought that it was because he had distributed it better, so the statue's strength would be affected more.