The mysterious girl's gaze pierced through the layers of clouds and the purple light. She stared at Luo Zheng in a daze, and her eyebrows slightly furrowed.
"Luo Zheng is a person without a destiny?"
The Fateless in this universe were extremely rare, and their experiences were often very rough.
Others didn't know how the Fateless came to be, but she was very clear about it.
When a living being was born, their destiny was fixed. No living being in this universe could jump out of this hole …
To become a person without a destiny, either he didn't come from the Heavenly Dao, or he had the Heart Stone, and experienced the cycle of life and death to erase his destiny.
But what was his purpose?
Thinking of the Luo Yan that Luo Zheng asked her to find, she fell into deep thought.
Hearing the mysterious girl's words, Luo Zheng also had some doubts.
The number of the Dayan was fifty …
It seemed to coincide with the number of fifty in the Illusory Battlefield.
If two were taken, there would be a fixed number and a variable number!
Why was there such a division of destiny? What were the variables?
At present, there were two hundred people with fixed destiny, and ninety-nine people with variable names …
People like Xi Youqin and Hua Tianming were variables, and Xuanyuan Chenfeng was fixed destiny. Obviously, this division wasn't based on strength.
"Since I'm a Fateless, I can't even be counted as a variable?"
This matter of destiny was too vague. Luo Zheng couldn't figure it out at the moment, so he stopped thinking.
Maybe there was an invisible hand in this universe that was arranging something, or maybe there was an invisible figure behind him that was arranging something.
However, Luo Zheng would only act according to his heart.
If this destiny was his, he would follow it.
If this destiny was against him, he would break it!
…
…
At this moment.
At the top of the Illusory Battlefield of all the big clans in the universe, the pyramid formed by the names began to dissipate …
The light on the stars in the sky also retracted from the top of each big world.
Except for the three hundred people, all the other Divine Sea Realm warriors returned from the Illusory Battlefield …
Ning Yudie stared at the collapsing pyramid with a strange light flashing in her eyes.
"Has the Illusory Battlefield ended?" Ning Yudie asked.
Ninth Palace Master smiled and shook her head. "The most important thing in this Illusory Battlefield is the fight for the top position. This is just the beginning. However … soon, you will not only see the names."
"I can see Luo Zheng?" Ning Yudie's eyes flashed.
The Ninth Palace Master nodded slightly. "According to the usual practice, this should be the case. However, I don't know if Luo Zheng has been eliminated. The second stage of the Illusory Battlefield is very harsh. It is a competition between many heaven's prides. It is already very good for Luo Zheng to enter the top two thousand five hundred.
In the second round, the two thousand five hundred martial artists had to go through rounds of elimination.
However, ever since they entered the Blood Red Castle, the names of the first two thousand five hundred warriors were fixed at the front.
No one knew whether they had been eliminated or not.
And now, it was time to reveal it.
Just as he said that …
The Illusory Space in the hall began to flash with magnificent colors.
Those colors were like the most illusory energy. They began to flow and smear. At the top of the hall, a magnificent picture of a fairyland appeared.
Immortal mountains, clouds, and pavilions …
There was also a figure with Ying Ying's pupils standing at the top of the clouds.
This kind of evolution was slowly displayed in all the Illusory Spaces in the universe …
The Illusory Space was similar to the Roaring Command. The Roaring Command used the law of causality to send sound to the entire universe, while the Illusory Space used the law of causality to create a projection.
This was not a product of the universe. It was a kind of grace that the mysterious girl had given to all the living beings in the universe. She had released a privilege, which was why it was so easy for the Holy Lands to build these Illusory Spaces.
At this moment, the entire universe could see the scene inside through the reverse projection of the Illusory Space!
Those figures became clearer and clearer. Ning Yudie's eyes became more and more serious.
Not only her, but all the martial artists in the universe who were watching the Illusory Battlefield looked very serious at this moment …
"I see him."
Ning Yudie's eyes suddenly flashed. Her gaze was firmly fixed on Luo Zheng.
At this moment, Ning Yudie was also very excited.
Since ascending, she had maintained the reverence of an ascender for the entire Upper Realm.
In the Great Thousand World where she came from, Divine Sea Realm martial artists were rare. However, there were trillions of them in this universe. There were geniuses everywhere. Even a tenth-rank Holy Land could not control a large world. However, there were more than 100,000 of such worlds …
There were greater opportunities here, but also greater challenges.
She had overestimated her husband. It was not easy for him to enter this tenth-rank Holy Land.
She never thought that he would stand at the peak in just a few years …
The person she looked up to was her pride!
Her eyes gradually became blurred. However, all of a sudden, her eyebrows rose. Her eyes revealed a strong sense of depression.
There was a woman snuggling up to Luo Zheng with a happy face. This woman was Xi Youqin.
"Luo Zheng, is he among them?" Ninth Palace Master did not know Luo Zheng, so he could only ask her.
Ning Yudie lowered her eyes and said with an unnatural expression, "He is …"
"You really live up to expectations! Congratulations, "Ninth Palace Master said with a smile, but when he saw Ning Yudie's expression, he couldn't help but mutter to himself. This time, this woman should be happy to see Luo Zheng, so why was her expression so ugly? So Ninth Palace Master asked again, "I wonder which one of them is Luo Zheng?"
Ning Yudie said faintly, "The thirteenth one from the right."
Ninth Palace Master looked over. His eyes narrowed, and a strange look appeared on his face. He was also a smart person.
The thirteenth one from the right was a handsome young man, and beside this young man was a beautiful woman … No wonder Ning Yudie's expression was so ugly.
Everyone had a gossipy heart.
Ninth Palace Master was also curious. This Luo Zheng was an expert in flirting. The woman beside him must also be someone with extraordinary strength. In this short period of time in the Illusory Battlefield, he could stick to this woman like glue. He was really amazing …
In fact, it was not only Ninth Palace Master.
Now, the whole world could see the scene of Xi Youqin showing off her love!
Those who knew Luo Zheng admired him in their hearts. No matter who that woman was, she was at least a genius from a big force. This Luo Zheng was really amazing. How many days had it been in the Illusory Battlefield? His actions were too fast!
Those who did not know him naturally admired him. They also secretly guessed the identity of Luo Zheng and Xi Youqin. Could it be that these two people were a pair of Taoist companions who had entered the top 300 at the same time?
"Sisters, look! That should be Luo Zheng! "
"Youqin has good taste! That guy is quite handsome! "
"Of course. Although there is no such thing as a genius in our Extreme Purple Realm, Youqin is now a genius of our Extreme Purple Realm. How can the person she likes be weaker than her?"
"…"
Because of the special nature of the Extreme Purple Realm, they couldn't build a dreamy space. Many warriors in the Uncertain Tower had to cross the Extreme Purple Realm to see this scene. They had to cross the Extreme Purple Realm to go to another big realm and use other people's territory to see it.
Ninth Palace Master was curious and could not help but ask, "Do you know the woman beside Luo Zheng?"
"Xi Youqin," Ning Yudie replied coldly.
Although Ning Yudie already knew that Xi Youqin was ranked at the top, how could she be happy when she saw this scene with her own eyes?
"Oh? You know this woman? Where is she from … "Ninth Palace Master asked again. It was fine if she did not ask, but the more she asked, the more curious she became.
"She is from the same Great Thousand World as me," Ning Yudie replied again.
"What!"
Ninth Palace Master was shocked at this moment.
Among the final 300 people selected from the Illusory Battlefield, two of them were from the same Great Thousand World?
This kind of coincidence made her unable to wrap her head around it.
One had to know that only four people had entered the Illusory Battlefield among the 3,000 great realms of the Human Dao Alliance, and Luo Zheng was one of them …
How could someone from the Lower Realms obtain two quotas? This was simply too inconceivable.
"You're saying that Luo Zheng and Xi Youqin are both from the same Great Thousand World that you ascended to?" Ninth Palace Master confirmed again.