Hua Tianming went out to train and encountered a fortuitous encounter and ascended.
However, he did not leave the Cloud Hall and was still considered a member of the Cloud Hall …
It was not inappropriate to regard him as Ning Yudie's disciple. This was the truth.
However, when the Ninth Palace Master of the Jade Pure Sacred Ground heard Ning Yudie's words, he was stunned.
He stared blankly at Ning Yudie. Judging from her expression, it did not seem like she was spouting nonsense …
However, among these three hundred people, three of them came from the same Greater World? This was too inconceivable!
Although Ning Yudie realized that these three hundred people were extraordinary, she was not from the Upper Realm. She only knew that these three hundred people were the most outstanding people in the Divine Ocean Realm.
However, she did not understand the significance of these three hundred prodigies to the various clans. She did not know what kind of brilliant future they would have, and she did not know how much effort and resources a large force would need to cultivate a prodigy!
However, the Ninth Palace Master was very clear.
A tenth-grade Sacred Ground like the Jade Pure Sacred Ground was not qualified to cultivate a prodigy!
Seeing the Ninth Palace Master looking at her as if she was a monster, Ning Yudie said straightforwardly, "Speaking of which, Luo Zheng is also a member of the Cloud Hall. He's also considered my disciple."
"…"
The Ninth Palace Master was stunned for a while before he asked, "May I ask what rank Sacred Ground this Cloud Hall is?"
In the Ninth Palace Master's impression, there was no Sacred Ground above Rank Eight in the Lower Realm, right?
"It's considered a Rank Six Sacred Ground," Ning Yudie answered truthfully.
With the current status of the Cloud Hall in the Central Domain, it was already considered a Rank Six Sacred Ground …
"Rank Six Sacred Ground …"
The Ninth Palace Mistress muttered to herself. In the Upper Realm, a Rank Six Holy Land was a force that could not even be mentioned in public. For example, the Jade Pure Holy Land had countless small Holy Lands under it, but they were all Rank Eight, Rank Nine …
A Rank Six Sacred Ground was not even qualified to be a subordinate Sacred Ground of the Jade Pure Sacred Ground!
If someone like the Ninth Palace Master personally visited a Rank Six Sacred Ground, the Lord of the Rank Six Sacred Ground would probably kneel to welcome him.
But in such a sixth-grade Holy Land, there were actually two martial artists that stood in the top 300 rankings of the Illusory Battlefield!
Ninth Palace Master's head was also buzzing. She didn't know how to rely on such a bizarre matter.
Ning Yudie ignored Ninth Palace Master and continued to stare at the illusory realm outlined above the Illusory Space. At this moment, she recalled Xi Youqin's mysterious appearance at that time, and then she escaped into the Extreme Purple Realm. Presumably, it was for today …
…
All the forces in the universe were paying close attention to the picture scroll above the Illusory Space. Naturally, there were all kinds of discussions.
"With Xuanyuan Chenfeng entering the competition, our Xuanyuan Clan will definitely be number one!"
"Wang Luoxue will be able to step into the Divine Dao with this battle! Become a Daoist … "
"The God of Barbarians will be born among us demons …"
"…"
Many warriors in Misty Cloud Heavenly Palace craned their necks to look at the warriors in the picture scroll …
"Luo Zheng has indeed passed the second stage and is ranked among them." Xiao Daolai, the former Palace Lord of Misty Cloud Palace, shook his head and smiled.
"Master …" Standing beside Xiao Daolai was his beloved disciple, Ai Anxin.
Ai Anxin had actually also passed the first stage, but she was eliminated in the second stage.
She and Luo Zheng didn't belong to the same scarlet castle. Instead, she was in the same castle as Xi Youqin. However, before Luo Zheng moved over, she had already been eliminated, so she didn't meet Luo Zheng.
"I'm already very satisfied that Anxin can enter the second stage," Xiao Daolai said with a smile. He naturally knew that his beloved disciple had done her best.
As her master, he was very clear about the cruelty of the Illusory Battlefield. Even the prides of those great forces had also been eliminated. How could he ask Ai Anxin not to enter the top 300?
"Who is the girl beside Luo Zheng?" someone beside him asked.
Yun Luo, who was standing in the center, stared at Xi Youqin. This girl was very unfamiliar to her.
Her doppelgangers in the Vast Thousand World were in the Eastern Region and the Sea God Continent. She had never seen Xi Youqin before …
"This girl seems to be using the sword formation of the Extreme Purple Realm." Ai Anxin had some impression of Xi Youqin. The sword formation of the Extreme Purple Realm was very special, and she had recognized it at that time.
"A pride from the Extreme Purple Realm? Luo Zheng is really good at seducing girls! They're like glue in such a short time, haha … "someone beside her laughed.
"But I don't think it's the first time she's met Luo Zheng …"
…
Luo Zheng stood where he was, waiting quietly with the other warriors.
After ascending from the purple light, everyone had escaped into a fairyland shrouded in clouds and mist.
After being baptized by the countless Rules of Heaven in the purple light, everyone had a new kind of understanding in their hearts.
The imprints left by the swimming fish in their bodies allowed them to construct the rudiments of the Rules of their own Inner Worlds.
While waiting, everyone focused on comprehending the Divine Scripture …
"The reward for the top ten in this round of the Illusory Battlefield is ten God Spark Disks. When the time comes, I will personally place them in your dantian …"
"Huff, huff, huff …"
The mysterious girl's voice suddenly sounded.
Ten gray discs slowly floated in the sky.
The three hundred warriors below looked up, and many of their eyes shone brightly!
Of course, there were also many people who didn't know what they were …
For example, Luo Zheng, Xi Youqin, Hua Tianming, and others.
"Luo Zheng, what are God Spark Disks?" Xi Youqin looked up and asked.
Luo Zheng shook his head and stared at the ten disks in the sky, a puzzled look on his face.
In the Emperor's Corridor, Luo Zheng knew that to become a True God, one had to have their own Godhead …
But he didn't know what these God Spark Disks were.
"Hey, you don't even know this?" A warrior next to him looked disdainful. "An Inner World can't contain a Godhead! These God Spark Disks are used to contain the Godhead. Only by putting them into your Inner World can you contain them when you have your own Godhead in the future! "
"Then, where do the Godheads come from?" Xi Youqin asked again.
"This …" That warrior couldn't answer this question. There were very few True Gods in the universe. The warriors in this group were either Heaven's Chosen or Dao's Chosen. Although the chances of them becoming True Gods weren't small, they were still Divine Sea Realm warriors. There was still a long way to go before they could become True Gods. They had only heard about these secrets from rumors. How could he answer Xi Youqin?
"You are the favored children of this round of evolution. The Heavenly Dao will naturally give you the greatest opportunity. Even if you are unable to compete for the top ten, you will still be strengthened. The basis for the strengthening will be the strengthening of the statues in the second stage …"
Hearing the mysterious girl's voice, everyone's faces were filled with surprise and joy.
In the second stage, they had invested all their Fantasy Points into the statue and strengthened it greatly.
Whether it was strength, soul strength, or some kind of law strengthening …
And these investments would be returned to them?
These people had invested tens of millions or even hundreds of millions of Fantasy Points. The degree of strengthening could be said to be huge!
This reward was something no one had expected.
Luo Zheng was also slightly taken aback when he heard this.
Compared to the other warriors, he didn't invest many Fantasy Points, but he knew that his statue was probably much stronger than the others! It could be said that it was comparable to his statue. And these strengthening would be returned to him?
"As for the top three among you, there will naturally be other rewards. At the same time, I have to warn you that while you receive the rewards, you will also bear an even heavier fate …"
Hu hu hu …
After she finished speaking, a huge square chessboard appeared in front of them. This chessboard was a hundred thousand feet long.
At the same time …
A pink figure quietly appeared in the center of the chessboard.
That figure's face couldn't be seen clearly, but when she spoke, everyone knew that she was the host of this Illusory Battlefield …
Luo Zheng also deliberately looked at this illusory figure a few times, trying to recognize the appearance of this mysterious girl, but he did not know what method she had used. At a casual glance, this illusory figure was a graceful woman, but if one looked carefully, it was like a dream, like a shadow, and there was no way to distinguish it.
＝＝＝＝＝