The pink figure gently floated down like a fairy in an illusion world.
Just like Luo Zheng, the entire universe knew of the existence of this mysterious girl.
However, they knew nothing about her origin, purpose, or where she existed …
Like Luo Zheng, the other cultivators also wanted to distinguish her appearance, but at a glance, they couldn't see her true appearance.
When the pink figure floated to the edge of the chessboard and stood in front of everyone, she reached out and waved her hand gently. Black and white circular chess pieces appeared around her.
These chess pieces were about ten feet wide. After floating in the air, they floated towards everyone.
"Geniuses, please step onto the chess pieces …"
After the pink figure opened her mouth, her cold voice sounded again.
But when everyone heard it, they found that this voice didn't come from here, but from the sky …
Presumably, this pink figure wasn't her real body. What everyone saw was just an illusion.
However, she was the host of this Illusory Battlefield. As soon as her voice fell, the three hundred people stepped onto the chess pieces together.
Even if Xi Youqin didn't want to be separated from Luo Zheng, she had no choice at this moment.
The sharp-eyed people noticed at this moment …
Previously, in the purple light pillar, everyone was divided into two sides. One was the fixed number, and the other was the variable.
At this moment, all the fixed number cultivators were standing on white chess pieces, and all the variable cultivators were standing on black chess pieces.
As for Luo Zheng, he wasn't divided at first, but at this moment, he was also standing on a black chess piece.
"Huhuhu …"
When everyone stepped onto the chess pieces, they instantly floated into the air under the control of the pink figure.
The cultivators standing on the black chess pieces were divided into one side, the white chess pieces were on the other side, and the pink figure floated in the middle.
For Luo Zheng and the other three hundred cultivators, this was the final stage of the Illusory Battlefield.
But for her, it was to predict the fate of this round of evolution amidst the variables and fixed numbers!
The great crisis that erupted in this round of evolution was a magnificent game of chess with the world as the chessboard and trillions of creatures as the chess pieces.
Even she had no idea where the danger would come from …
However, gathering the most outstanding prodigies in the future and playing a game of chess was a form of deduction in advance.
She wanted to see clearly whether the danger of this round of development came from the variable or from the fixed number …
At this moment, countless eyes in the universe were staring at the chessboard. From the 128 Empyreans to the ordinary martial artists, all of them were paying close attention …
There were even some cultivators who saw this as an excellent opportunity to set up a gambling house. They lined up the three hundred cultivators one by one and began to place their bets.
The pink figure stretched out her hand and casually grabbed!
A giant hand appeared from the endless clouds. It was a giant jade hand.
Although that hand was huge, everyone could tell that it was the hand of a young girl. Her fingers were delicate and fair, slender and straight like scallions.
The index finger of this hand pressed towards a white stone, and the nail of the middle finger clasped the bottom of the white stone!
The person standing on the white chess piece was a sky-pride from the Shaye Clan!
When he saw the huge index finger pressing down on him, he was shocked. However, when the index finger pressed down on him, it penetrated his body and pressed down on the chess piece.
After the giant jade hand clasped the white stone, it pressed down on the huge chessboard!
Smack!
With a crisp sound, the chess piece was placed!
The Shaye Clan cultivator was still standing steadily on the white stone …
He also understood that his opponent would be a martial artist among the Black Chess pieces!
Soon, his guess was confirmed. When the giant jade hand retracted into the clouds, it reached out from the other side and clasped another black stone.
This time, the giant jade hand clasped the chess piece that Xi Youqin was on!
Xi Youqin was slightly taken aback …
She did not expect that the first black stone would be her.
Smack!
The black stone was placed and left the hand.
"The two of them can fight to determine victory and defeat, not life and death …" The mysterious girl's voice rang in everyone's ears again.
"I'll be the first one!"
Xi Youqin looked gloomy …
She did not like to fight with others. The number of times she had fought with others in the Illusory Battlefield this time was probably ten times more than the number of times she had fought in her entire life!
Xi Youqin had fought very hard in the previous two stages.
However, she had her own motive, which was to work hard to see Luo Zheng.
Now that Luo Zheng was by her side, part of her long-cherished wish had been fulfilled. It was meaningless for her to fight with others. Feeling gloomy, she turned around to look at Luo Zheng.
However, Luo Zheng smiled at Xi Youqin. "You can do it, Youqin!"
Xi Youqin pursed her lips and nodded reluctantly …
She did not know that her master, Indefinite Old Man, was in a corner of the universe, watching her nervously with a group of senior sisters.
"Youqin doesn't seem to have any fighting spirit …"
"Sigh, her competitive spirit seems to be all about love. She has little interest in martial arts!"
"It's so unfair. God gave her such amazing talent but did not give her the heart to pursue martial arts …"
After some thought, Xi Youqin stepped down from the black chess piece. Although there was still some resistance in her heart, with a flick of her ten fingers, seven flying swords of different colors slowly floated out from her body, and the seven swords slowly spread out...
She stared at the Xaye Clan's warrior not far away and pursed her lips. "Okay, you can start now …"
Seeing this, Luo Zheng could not help but shake his head.
Xi Youqin did not improve at all. She had no fighting spirit at all. She was no different from her past self.
He really could not figure out how she had reached this stage in the Illusory Battlefield …
However, Luo Zheng did not know that in the first stage of the Illusory Battlefield, Xi Youqin was a completely different person than she was now!
At that time, in order to find Luo Zheng, Xi Youqin shuttled through one main city after another. Her aura was not strong to begin with, and she looked like a delicate human girl. Naturally, she was attacked countless times.
At that time, her mind was extremely steady, and her fighting spirit was overflowing. Anyone who stopped her from finding Luo Zheng would become her mortal enemy. Thus, she was like a God of Death, and the number of warriors she had killed was unknown.
However, at that moment, all she wanted was to stay by Luo Zheng's side. How could she have any fighting spirit?
Now that she was forced onto the chessboard, she had no choice but to make a move. It was like forcing a duck onto a perch …
As for the Xaye Clan warrior, when he saw that his first opponent was a delicate human girl who had no fighting spirit, a satisfied smile appeared on his face.
His Xaye Clan had been silent for too long. This ancient clan could only be considered a second-rate clan in the universe …
If he took first place in the Illusory Battlefield and received the Godhead Compass, he would become a Dao Child in the future and lead his clan to glory again.
Thinking of this, the Xaye Clan warrior lightly shook his shoulders.
Two thin totems rose from the back of his shoulders. Then, traces of ancient aura spread out from the totems.
The Xaye Clan was also an ancient clan. They worshipped their ancestors.
Every generation of the Xaye Clan was accumulating power for the next generation …
As the son of the 36330th Great Chieftain of the Xaye Clan, he could obtain great power from his ancestors!
"In the first battle, you only need to show 20% or 30% of your power."