In the sacred land of the Shaye Clan, a giant totem stood tall.
The dreamscape was built at the bottom of the giant totem. Naturally, the picture that was displayed in the dreamscape would appear in front of the totem.
At this moment, hundreds of thousands of members of the Shaye Clan were sitting quietly around the totem, looking at the huge picture in front of them.
The Shaye Clan was considered a second-rate clan in the universe. They had only produced one Heavenly Venerate and had never produced a True God. The entire Shaye Clan relied on this Heavenly Venerate to hold on and try to become a first-rate clan.
However, compared to the first-rate clans such as the humans, demons, and demons, the Shaye Clan was very weak.
Today, however, the most outstanding genius of their clan had reached the pinnacle of the Dreamscape War.
For the Shaye Clan who had been frustrated for a long time, this might be a chance for them to rise again. This genius was the most precious seed that would grow into a towering tree sooner or later. He would become the new protector of the Shaye Clan and the first True God of the Shaye Clan.
"Yodi, his first opponent is a human woman."
"Yodi's luck is not bad. He didn't meet those Daoists."
"This woman looks like she has no fighting spirit. Hehe, Yodi has met a pushover."
The hundreds of thousands of people discussed like buzzing bees. The entire area around the giant totem was in chaos.
Under the giant totem, the Shaye Clan's Chieftain raised a long spear in his hand and held it horizontally. It was a gesture to keep quiet.
Immediately, all the Shaye Clan members stopped talking. Then, the Chieftain roared, "Ancestors, bless the Shaye Clan."
"Ancestors, bless Yodi!"
"May the souls of the ancestors live on forever."
"Buzz …"
All the Shaye Clan members roared at the same time.
The giant totem was the Shaye Clan's ancestral totem. After the warriors of the Shaye Clan died, their physical bodies would be burned but their souls would live on forever.
They poured the souls of their ancestors into the ancestral totem. The ancestral totem could not protect the soul from destruction but with the infusion of countless ancestors' souls, the ancestral totem contained the will of each generation of ancestors.
"Buzz …"
At the same time, on the giant chessboard …
The two totems behind the Shaye prodigy named Yodi were also emitting a faint glow.
Holding the black spear, a faint smile appeared on Yodi's face. "Father, you're too nervous. I don't need to summon the power of my ancestors in the first battle!"
When the ancestral power was summoned, all the totems owned by the Shaye warriors would be able to transmit a powerful ancestral power!
However, the ancestral power was not directed at Youdi alone. It was directed at the warriors of the Shaye Clan!
It was only during times of war that the Shaye Tribe would summon the power of their ancestors. But now, they were summoning the power of their ancestors for the sake of Yodi. It was a huge waste because Yodi was the only one fighting. The power of their ancestors was meant for the entire Shaye Tribe. But even so, it was still a matter of great importance.
"Since that's the case, we must show our might in the first battle!"
You Di gently waved the black spear in his hand. Then he smiled apologetically at the delicate human girl opposite him, and his figure shot out!
The chessboard covered a vast area.
Just now, when the huge jade-like hand landed, the white piece landed on the "Heaven's Origin", and Youdi stood in the center.
Xi Youqin landed on one of the 'stars' and was still a few thousand feet away from Yodi.
However, Yodi's body suddenly moved and the distance between them was only a step away!
A slender afterimage dragged forward and suddenly disappeared at a certain point. When Youdi's figure reappeared, he was only ten feet away from Xi Youqin!
The black spear in Yodi's hand was ten feet long!
"Whoosh!"
The spear suddenly pierced forward!
However, in Xi Youqin's eyes, what she saw was a giant black python. The scales on the python's body shone with a black luster. It coiled and opened its bloody mouth to devour her!
The four sacred beasts worshipped by the ancestors of the Shaye Tribe were the Blackswamp Python, the Phantom Porcupine, the Mystical Eagle, and the Sleeping Antelope.
Outsiders did not know much about these four sacred beasts, but they were very important to the Shaye Tribe!
Xi Youqin was a little absent-minded to begin with …
Fighting with others was something she detested to begin with!
However, when she saw the giant python's mouth open 180 degrees and reveal its ghastly fangs, she could not help but panic. With a thought, seven flying swords circled in front of her!
"Whoosh whoosh whoosh whoosh …"
The seven flying swords instantly formed a defensive sword array and blocked in front of Xi Youqin!
However, the most basic sword array could not stop Yodi's spear.
The spear and the spear were similar in appearance, but the biggest difference was that the spear had a hard shaft, while the spear had a slender body.
Looking at the slightly clumsy sword array, Yodi's face showed a slight smile. He thought that he would need to use thirty percent of his strength to defeat this girl, but he did not expect that he had overestimated her. He did not know how this human girl made it into the top three hundred. Her strength was probably not even on par with a core disciple of a tenth-grade Holy Land!
This battle was too easy …
The black spear in his hand shook slightly and turned into a black python that slithered left and right through the flaws in the sword formation. It instantly drilled through the sword formation and headed straight for Xi Youqin!
"Ah …"
Seeing that her sword array could not stop her opponent, Xi Youqin's face became even more panicked.
In a moment of desperation, a purple mist spread out from under her feet. She circulated the Purple Jade Cultivation Technique, and her speed increased by more than ten times as she retreated!
Luo Zheng, who was standing on the chess piece, looked at the scene in front of him with a speechless expression …
He only knew that Xi Youqin had made it into the second stage, but Luo Zheng had never seen her strength. However, when facing the Shaye Tribe member, she only knew how to run away. He did not understand how Xi Youqin obtained so many fantasy points!
Luo Zheng was not the only one who had this thought …
As the two fought, the 300 sky-prides on the chess piece, as well as the warriors in the entire universe who were watching the battle in the Illusory Space, were somewhat puzzled.
How did this woman get to this point?
The group of women from the Extreme Purple Realm was even more puzzled …
Xi Youqin came from the Extreme Purple Realm, and now she was representing the Extreme Purple Realm!
Although their junior sister usually had many shortcomings, her talent was unquestionable. With a first-grade Extreme Purple Yin Body, even if she was only at the Divine Ocean Realm, she could unleash extremely powerful combat strength.
"What's wrong with Youqin …"
"Junior sister seems to have stage fright!"
"But if this continues, she will lose in three moves!"
Those women were also very anxious. In the end, they all looked at an old woman behind them. It was the Indefinite Tower Master.
Indefinite Tower Master saw this scene and shook her head slightly. However, she did not look anxious. Instead, she said indifferently, "It was a rush. Perhaps Youqin needs some time to adapt …"
"This woman's sword formation is not very good, but her speed of escape is top-notch!"
Youdi's spear easily broke Xi Youqin's sword formation, but Xi Youqin had already retreated thousands of feet away!
Seeing this, Youdi sneered. A brown halo was emitted from the totem behind him …
"Yo …"
Then, a loud and clear cry of an eagle rang out!
When he stimulated the power of his ancestors, he had the speed of an eagle …
He suddenly spread out his hands and transformed into an eagle. He circled in the air and once again approached Xi Youqin. The black spear approached again, and at the same time, he had a leisurely look on his face. "With such strength, I think it's better for you to admit defeat …"
Xi Youqin, who had retreated thousands of feet, looked at the eagle in the air that was swooping toward her. A faint trace of fierceness appeared in her calm eyes.
She was not mentally prepared before …
Her first goal in this Illusory Battlefield was to see Luo Zheng. Now that she had achieved her goal, she did not want to fight anyone else.
But now, no matter how she retreated, this person in front of her would eventually defeat or even kill her.
It was useless to keep retreating. Moreover, at this moment, she remembered her master's instructions. It did not matter whether she could get a ranking or not. She only hoped that she could do her best.
She could not be eliminated in the first round …