A murderous look suddenly appeared on Xi Youqin's elegant face!
The Little Purple River Sword Array …
Her master had told her that the Extreme Purple Realm was an independent entity and did not belong to the universe.
This was once the cultivation place of a True God, and it was also a world that he created himself. However, the Rules of Heaven Way could not be fully developed here, so the Extreme Purple Realm could only be regarded as a broken world. That was why the Roaring Token and the Dreamy Space, which contained the law of karma, could not be transmitted to the Extreme Purple Realm!
In the Extreme Purple Realm, there was a pass-through sword array inheritance called the Myriad Purple and Red Sword Array …
This Myriad Purple and Red Sword Array was indeed powerful, but any woman with an Extreme Purple Yin Body could cultivate it.
However, in addition to this pass-through sword array, there were three Ultimate Killing Sword Arrays in the Extreme Purple Realm!
One of them was the Little Purple River Sword Array, which could be cultivated by a third-grade Extreme Purple Yin Body. There were 4,200 people in the Extreme Purple Realm who could cultivate this array.
The second one was the Yin and Yang Sword Array, which could be cultivated by a second-grade Extreme Purple Yin Body. There were more than 80 people in the Extreme Purple Realm who could cultivate this sword array.
The third one was the God-slaying Sword Array, which was the legacy of that True God. So far, only Xi Youqin was qualified to inherit this legacy. In the entire Extreme Purple Realm, only Xi Youqin could cultivate it, and she was the only one who had successfully cultivated it!
Since Xi Youqin had entered the Dreamy Battlefield, she had never used these three extremely powerful sword arrays!
Previously, she had used the Myriad Purple and Red Sword Array to fight against the enemy …
Xi Youqin did not like to compete with others. Since she was young, she had been quite resistant to weapons. Although she was born in a martial arts family, she was interested in needlework, needlework, and cooking instead.
Just now, she was very ignorant and very passive.
However, after being forced to retreat by You Di, she understood that if she lost, she would be eliminated as well. Not only would her master be disappointed, but she would also not be able to accompany Luo Zheng here …
In fact, in this battle, even if she lost once, she would not be eliminated. It was just that Xi Youqin did not know that.
When the purple river spread out, the eyes of the many Heavenly Legends on the chess pieces suddenly lit up …
"That's more like it …" One of the sky-pride sitting on the chess piece commented as he looked at the purple river.
Previously, Xi Youqin had been running away without any intention to fight. These three hundred people were all people with great backgrounds. With the strength that Xi Youqin had displayed, she was not worthy to stand with them!
However, they did not know that Xi Youqin did not want to stand with them at all.
When the Small Purple River Sword Formation was activated, the seven flying swords entered the purple river.
As Xi Youqin made a mysterious hand gesture, the rolling purple river came pouring down from the sky. The purple river flowed straight down and formed a magnificent waterfall. However, the waterfall was not formed by water, but by purple sword shadows!
Under Xi Youqin's guidance, the purple swords appeared in front of her. With a flick of her fingers, all the purple swords went straight for Youdi!
Eudy had intended to end the battle as soon as possible.
Challenging such a weak human girl gave him almost no sense of accomplishment at all.
However, in the face of the sudden appearance of the purple river, his eyes widened as a sense of danger filled his heart!
Under such extreme circumstances, he did not hesitate at all. With a light wave of the black spear in his hand, the two totems behind him suddenly flew out and hovered slowly in the air!
"In the name of my ancestors, bless me!"
Suddenly, countless light spots floated out of the two totems in the air!
These light spots were the souls of the countless ancestors of the Shaye Clan. These souls were the accumulation of the Shaye Clan for generations.
When the light spots floated out, Eudy's figure also glowed with a sharp light. With the black spear in hand and the blessing of the ancestors, Eudy's aura underwent a subtle change!
At this moment, Eudy was no longer Eudy. He was the amalgamation of the countless ancestors of the Shaye Clan!
At this moment, Eudy's physical body and strength had been strengthened to the extreme. He could even fight against a Demon Race martial artist!
"It's just a sword formation. I can break it!"
Eudy took a step forward and did not dodge. Instead, he charged toward the Little Purple River Sword Formation!
The river formed by the purple swords created wave after wave that surged toward Eudy.
Eudy was like a rock in the river, but he was not afraid at all. Although the purple swords were sharp, they instantly shattered when they collided with him …
With this charge, Eudy once again advanced toward Xi Youqin!
"Eudy's ancestor power can already sense the Heavenly Soul ancestor!"
"Before he entered the Illusory Battlefield, it was difficult for him to do so. I didn't expect that the training in the Illusory Battlefield would allow him to advance further!"
"That human girl's sword formation is indeed profound, but it's still far from our Eudy's. Haha …"
However …
A strange expression appeared on Xi Youqin's face.
"Master told me before that the Little Purple River Sword Formation cannot be broken with brute force …"
"The Little Purple River Sword Formation is not a transformational sword formation. Ordinary sword formations usually have 27 transformations, 81 transformations, and even more than 1,000 transformations. However, the Little Purple River Sword Formation only has three transformations. It's precisely because it lacks transformations that it has no loopholes."
"This guy is charging at me just like that …"
Xi Youqin pursed her lips. With a thought, she suddenly waved her finger!
Change the formation …
The Little Purple River Sword Formation had three transformations.
The first was the "Formation Charge," which used the purple swords to charge forward.
This was the first move of the sword formation. Apart from the Little Purple River Sword Formation's power, the Formation Charge was nothing special.
However, when the second transformation began, its murderous intent immediately became apparent!
"Spiral Trap!"
Buzz buzz buzz …
The purple river that had been surging forward suddenly changed direction!
The purple river formed a whirlpool that kept spinning around Eudy!
When Xi Youqin changed the formation, Eudy instantly had a bad feeling!
With the support of his ancestor's power, his state of mind had undergone a drastic change. At this moment, he should have been invincible. However, the purple river had turned into a whirlpool and trapped him firmly within.
"I don't believe that I can't break this sword formation!"
Eudy roared again. The two totems floating in the air spun faster and faster, and the light on his body grew brighter and brighter!
However, after being trapped in the purple river, Eudy realized that the sword formation could be both hard and soft. He couldn't break free at all and was easily trapped by Xi Youqin.
Seeing this, many prodigies looked at Xi Youqin and her sword formation with a faint trace of fear in their eyes.
In their eyes, Eudy from the Shaye Clan was a prodigy, but he definitely wasn't a very powerful one …
However, Xi Youqin had easily trapped him within her sword formation. The power of the sword formation itself was not to be underestimated.
Xi Youqin stood outside the sword formation and said softly to Eudy, "You … can admit defeat now."
It wasn't difficult for Xi Youqin to defeat this person in front of her, but she didn't look happy at all. It was meaningless to her.
"I haven't lost!"
However, this was an unacceptable result for Eudy.
Due to their worship of their ancestors, the warriors of the Shaye Clan valued their honor very much!
After all, in their hearts, their ancestors would always be by their side …
Xi Youqin blinked and formed another mysterious sword technique with her fingers. She said helplessly, "Then let's change the formation again …"
When the Little Purple River Sword Formation changed for the third time, a piercing murderous intent erupted from the purple river!
The seven flying swords suddenly appeared and transformed into a giant sword shadow that slashed toward Eudy's head …
＝＝＝＝＝