Xi Youqin did not hesitate anymore.
Xi Youqin was very familiar with the Little Purple River Sword Formation.
After the third change, she used seven flying swords to attack together. It was called the Seven Stars Sinking.
Four years ago, her master had told her that the power of the Seven Stars Sinking was enough to fight against the prodigies of the major clans.
"Master, what's a prodigy?"
"It's a martial artist from one of the major clans."
"Is he more powerful than Luo Zheng?"
"…"
Her master rolled his eyes and did not say anything.
According to the Demi-Immortal Tribe's estimation of Luo Zheng's talent, he was qualified to be a prodigy. However, his actual strength could only be determined through a battle.
Four years ago, Xi Youqin's Little Purple River Sword Formation was enough to fight against a prodigy. Now, she had even mastered the God-Slaying Sword Formation.
It was a pity that Xi Youqin was muddle-headed when it came to martial arts.
She did not even realize her own potential and strength.
However, Xi Youqin understood now.
She could either choose to avoid the battle or end it quickly.
Now, Xi Youqin felt that she could not avoid the battle. She could only choose to kill her opponent as quickly as possible.
Poor You Di from the Shaye Clan. He did not even have time to unleash his full strength before he was trapped and killed by Xi Youqin's Little Purple River Sword Formation.
In fact, there was a huge gap between You Di and Xi Youqin's true strength.
Even if You Di used his most powerful technique, Ancestor's Sacrifice, he could only create a small obstacle for Xi Youqin.
The first battle between Xi Youqin and You Di was the opening battle. It was also the most eye-catching battle.
It was a pity that this battle was far from being exciting.
After all, Xi Youqin's clumsy way of avoiding the battle had surprised many people. Then, she suddenly became powerful and easily killed the prodigy from the Shaye Clan.
Even Luo Zheng couldn't understand what was going on. More people were confused.
Perhaps only Wuding Old Man could understand Xi Youqin's strange behavior and guess what Xi Youqin was thinking.
Of course, to the Shaye Tribe, this was like a bucket of cold water being poured over them from head to toe. How could they have known that the delicate human girl, who had been dodging everywhere at the beginning, would defeat Youdi so easily?
Under the giant totem, the countless clansmen were silent. Even the light of the ancestors on the giant totem had dimmed a little. In theory, the souls of the ancestors had turned into some kind of will, silently watching their descendants. They could also feel that the countless clansmen were in low spirits …
Soon, a white chess piece appeared in the sky, and Youdi, who was originally dead, appeared on the chess piece again.
Previously, the mysterious woman had announced the rules. At this stage, the opponents would not be directly eliminated. Instead, cultivators would be randomly selected to fight. You Di had a chance.
Xi Youqin did the same. Her figure disappeared from the black chess piece and returned to another black chess piece. She slowly controlled the black chess piece and moved it closer to Luo Zheng. Two chess pieces, one black and one white, landed on the chessboard …
"What a powerful technique! My Youqin already has such strength! " Luo Zheng praised when Xi Youqin came closer. With Luo Zheng's current vision, he could naturally see the sharpness of the Little Purple River Sword Array. He was even a little confused. How could such an inheritance exist in the small Extreme Purple Realm?
Xi Youqin was slightly taken aback when she heard Luo Zheng's words. However, a sweet smile appeared on her face.
Luo Zheng rarely acknowledged her in the past. She was happy enough to receive Luo Zheng's praise. She raised her nose slightly and showed a hint of pride on her face. "This is not my true strength!"
"Oh?" Luo Zheng was a little surprised. "Youqin's true strength is?"
She smiled coquettishly and said, "You'll find out soon enough!"
After the first two chess pieces were placed, the mysterious woman said indifferently, "The winner of the first round is Xi Youqin from the Extreme Purple Realm …"
As soon as she finished speaking, a jade-like hand reached out from the sky and grabbed a white chess piece and placed it on the chessboard. On the white chess piece was a demon prodigy. At the same time, a black chess piece was placed. It was a prodigy from the Human Alliance!
When Luo Zheng was at the Misty Cloud Palace, he had not seen this prodigy. This prodigy was the successor of Celestial Venerate Huan Hai. He did not cultivate in the Thirteen Palaces.
The second battle was far more exciting than the first battle.
Both prodigies unleashed their full strength. They fought back and forth, from a corner of the chessboard to the sky. With a single punch, cracks appeared on the chessboard of heaven and earth. However, those cracks repaired themselves in the blink of an eye …
In the end, the victor was the demon prodigy.
After these three hundred cultivators fought against each other, there were bound to be winners and losers between the races!
The cultivators from the three great factions of the human race were very calm. This was not enough to determine the final result.
However, the demon prodigy laughed maniacally after defeating the Human Alliance prodigy. "Mere humans call themselves the masters of the universe. They're nothing more than a collection of ants. There's nothing to fear!"
It was a publicly acknowledged fact that the human race was flourishing.
Whether it was the demon race or the demon race, no single race could stand up to the human race.
However, the three great factions of the human race were at odds with each other. If the three factions could set aside their prejudices and unite, the other races in the universe would have no room to grow at all.
No one knew what the demon prodigy was thinking by taunting them in such a manner.
However, Xuanyuan Chenfeng, Lie Qianhan, and the others looked indifferent. In their eyes, this heaven's pride of the Demon Clan was just a clown. However, they were not the only ones who saw this scene. Among the three Holy Lands of the Human Clan, there were nearly thirty to forty thousand tenth-grade Holy Lands, and all of them had Illusory Spaces. When the warriors of the Human Clan saw this scene, they were extremely indignant. At this moment, countless warriors were angrily demanding them to defeat the heaven's pride of the Demon Clan. However, their passionate voices could not reach the Illusory Battlefield.
However, in the third round, the demon prodigy was chosen again. He had actually fought twice in a row. No one knew what the mysterious woman's rules were. Coincidentally, the demon prodigy's opponent was also a human prodigy from the Ten Thousand Buddha Sacred Realm!
In the end, the human prodigy from the Ten Thousand Buddha Sacred Realm was defeated by the demon prodigy …
After defeating the human prodigy twice in a row, the demon prodigy became even more arrogant. He taunted the human race again before returning to the chessboard.
At this moment, some of the human prodigies showed anger on their faces. They swore in their hearts that they would trample the demon prodigy under their feet.
Next was the fourth round, the fifth round …
In this round after round, the black and white chess pieces were placed down one by one, and the number of chess pieces left on the chessboard increased.
However, it was still not Luo Zheng's turn!
When it was the 22nd round, the huge jade-like hand picked the demon prodigy again and knocked him onto the chessboard.
This time, it was a coincidence that the hand picked a human prodigy again!
And the person who fought was Xuanyuan Chenfeng!
He was the legendary number one cultivator in the Divine Ocean Realm of the universe. He was the main character in this round of the Battle of the Worlds. He was the Daoist of the Xuanyuan Clan!
When Xuanyuan Chenfeng appeared, all the human prodigies in the Illusory Battlefield began to boil with excitement.
At the same time, the atmosphere on the demon race's side began to turn solemn.
Xuanyuan Chenfeng's reputation was not limited to the human race.
As a Daoist, he could cultivate the Divine Path and had the possibility of becoming a True God!
There were only a few Daoists in the entire universe, and Xuanyuan Chenfeng was known as the most powerful one among them. One could imagine how much attention his appearance would attract!
After the black and white chess pieces were placed, Xuanyuan Chenfeng left the chessboard.
No emotion could be seen on his face. He just slowly walked towards the other side of the chessboard, neither too fast nor too slow.
As for the demon prodigy who kept provoking Xuanyuan Chenfeng, he seemed to understand how powerful Xuanyuan Chenfeng was. At this moment, his face was full of caution. As a prodigy of the demon race, perhaps he did not intend to defeat Xuanyuan Chenfeng, but at least he could not lose too badly.
However, the demon prodigy did not expect that when he fought with Xuanyuan Chenfeng, there was no question of whether he would lose badly or not.