Facing the demon warrior, Xuanyuan Chenfeng only casually slapped out an ordinary handprint.
As soon as the handprint was slapped out, he turned around and left, not giving it a second look.
There were countless types of handprints in the universe, such as the Ten Thousand Buddha Sacred Region's Demon Subduing Seal, Inaction Seal, Vajra Seal, and so on.
However, Xuanyuan Chenfeng's handprint was the most ordinary. It was condensed from the True Essence in his body, and any warrior could condense it with True Essence.
However, Xuanyuan Chenfeng was Xuanyuan Chenfeng after all!
Just this casual palm print contained the aura of the Great Dao!
When the demon warrior saw the handprint coming down on his head, he tried his best to dodge, but when he wanted to take a step forward, he found that he seemed to have fallen into a trance, unable to move or resist!
This was the power of Dao!
The 3,000 Divine Daos were the 3,000 Great Daos!
Every Dao formed its own system, and they were all different.
The Divine Dao that Xuanyuan Chenfeng cultivated had always been a secret in the universe.
This was because the Xuanyuan clan was very unique. This clan was the leader of the four great clans of the Gods No Thought. The other three clans, such as the Ji Clan or the Ji Clan, often had their Dao Children cut off from generation to generation.
In other words, the other three great clans often only had geniuses and no Daoists.
However, the Daoists of the Xuanyuan clan had never been cut off! What was even more surprising was that every Daoist of the Xuanyuan clan seemed to walk a different Divine Dao.
Obtaining a Divine Dao was already an extremely amazing thing in the universe, just like the Ji Clan's Five Elements Divine Dao, or the Ji Clan's Supreme Dao of Alchemy, and so on …
Every time a Daoist of the Xuanyuan Clan was born, they cultivated a different Divine Dao. Many great forces in the universe had never been able to figure out the reason, and the Xuanyuan Clan had always regarded it as the clan's biggest secret, never revealing it to the outside world.
Originally, many people wanted to see what kind of Divine Dao Xuanyuan Chenfeng cultivated through him …
However, when he slapped down, although there was the power of Great Dao, what he displayed was the simplest True Essence handprint, and it was impossible to distinguish.
"Pa …"
That giant handprint came crashing down from the sky, slapping the Devil Race martial artist within.
At this moment, Xuanyuan Chenfeng had already returned to his chess piece. It seemed as if he didn't care about the result at all. In fact, he was very confident. He was confident that as a heaven's pride, it was impossible for the demon race cultivator to avoid his handprint.
Instant killing a genius!
This was the strength of a Daoist, this was Xuanyuan Chenfeng's strength!
This scene directly stunned the demons!
Many demon warriors in the outside world, gathered in front of the Illusory space.
Seeing their sky-prides provoking the human race time and time again, but the human race could do nothing to them. Instead, they were defeated again and again. They were secretly pleased!
The Great Era's competition was the World Dao?
What they were fighting for was not only the position of the main character of the great world, but also the fate of a clan, the rise and fall of a clan!
If the geniuses of the Devil Race were to win in this Illusory Battlefield, they would be able to reverse the fate of the Heavenly Dao and lead the Devil Race to a golden age!
At the same time, they also regarded pride and glory as their own lives. How could they be willing to fall under others?
After being suppressed by the Human Clan for so many years, the entire Demon Clan was filled with a serious hostility. Once there was a chance to reverse the situation, they would definitely counterattack!
However, Xuanyuan Chenfeng's casual slap had completely stunned them.
That demon warrior, Nu Feng, was the third-ranked genius of the Demon Clan. In front of Xuanyuan Chenfeng, he was only worth a slap?
The gap was a little big …
Luo Zheng, who was standing on the black chess piece, also had a slight flicker in his eyes.
"This is the strength of a Daoist!"
It had to be said that even Luo Zheng was inferior!
If Luo Zheng used his full strength, he might be able to kill that demon warrior with a slap.
However, he definitely couldn't do it so easily. Looking at Xuanyuan Chenfeng's posture, the handprint that he had casually sent out was just a casual move!
However, Luo Zheng also knew that with pure strength, Xuanyuan Chenfeng couldn't defeat that demon warrior so easily. There might be a big gap between Xuanyuan Chenfeng and the other geniuses, but it wasn't to the extent of his Great Dao.
The key was the Great Dao aura contained in that handprint.
Only then did Luo Zheng focus his gaze on it. He also sensed an indescribable aura contained within it. However, he was unable to determine what kind of Divine Dao it was.
The next round of the competition began again …
The chess pieces fell down one by one again.
However, the discussions of the warriors in the outside world still fell on Xuanyuan Chenfeng. Many people even concluded that there was no need to continue the competition in the Illusory Battlefield. Xuanyuan Chenfeng would definitely get the first place!
What everyone didn't expect was that after three rounds, the demon warrior, Nu Feng, was arranged to fight again!
Among the three hundred warriors, most of them didn't fight at all!
For example, Luo Zheng, Ji Luoxue, Lie Qianhan, and the others didn't even have a chance to fight.
But this Demon Race prodigy called Nu Feng had already appeared three times!
No one knew how the mysterious girl arranged it. Perhaps there was a deeper meaning to it …
The demon warrior was suppressed by Xuanyuan Chenfeng's giant handprint. His heart was filled with fear, and at the same time, he saw it as a great humiliation!
He knew that he would definitely lose against Xuanyuan Chenfeng, but he never thought that he wouldn't be able to withstand one move from Xuanyuan Chenfeng!
The Demon Race cultivators viewed defeat as the greatest humiliation. At this moment, he was also somewhat anxious to wash away this humiliation.
This time, a jade-like hand in the sky pinned him down on the chessboard and actually pinned down another Human Race cultivator.
That person held a dark iron sword. She was the one who was killed by Luo Zheng once, Dugu Jian Xiaoxiao.
"This time, my opponent is finally a little more normal!" Nu Feng's face flashed with a touch of coldness. He wasn't Xuanyuan Chenfeng's opponent, but he wasn't afraid of ordinary human warriors.
Dugu Jian Xiaoxiao hadn't been famous for a long time, and her current reputation was only spread in Gods No Thoughts. The other human forces, as well as many races in the universe, weren't familiar with her. Moreover, because she was tricked by Luo Zheng once, she lost five million fantasy points to enter the iron voucher. In addition to her own twelve million fantasy points, her previous ranking was relatively low.
Therefore, she didn't attract much attention.
However, only the people in Gods No Thoughts knew …
This guy, who was evaluated as a heaven's pride, definitely had the terrifying strength to fight with a Daoist!
A cold smile appeared on Nu Feng's face. He wanted to take back the humiliation he had suffered twice from this heaven's pride.
As the two chess pieces were closer to each other this time, Nu Feng waited until Dugu Jian Xiaoxiao was placed on the chessboard to make the first move!
And the first move was his strongest move!
"Immeasurable Demonic Fire!"
The supreme artifact in his hand was a huge drum, and inside the drum was a heart, a powerful heart that had been beating for tens of thousands of years.
However, just as he displayed his strength, Dugu Jian Xiaoxiao expressionlessly slashed out with her sword.
This sword was similar to Xuanyuan Chenfeng's Giant Palm Print. They were both very simple, but both were unstoppable.
When the sky-pride of the Demon Race called Nu Feng saw the sword slashing towards him, he couldn't help but curse in his heart. What the f * ck was this?