Nu Feng couldn't describe the power of that sword.
Xuanyuan Chenfeng's hand seal contained the power of the Great Dao. Because he was a Daoist, it was understandable that his Mahayana Lotus Flower had reached perfection.
Since this guy called Dugu Jian Xiaoxiao was called a prodigy, his Mahayana Lotus Flower must not have reached perfection, and he must not have stepped into the Divine Dao!
That was the strange thing.
Even though he was just a genius, the power contained within this seemingly ordinary sword strike was enough to make him shudder in fear!
The power of the Great Dao was countless times more powerful than Xuanyuan Chenfeng's. They were not even on the same level.
If the Divine Dao that Xuanyuan Chenfeng comprehended was a small seed that had just sprouted, then the Divine Dao that was contained in this sword strike was a mature and towering tree!
Of course, this comparison had nothing to do with the power, but only with the degree of comprehension of the Divine Dao.
Nu Feng couldn't understand how a prodigy of the human race could do such an incredible thing.
Unfortunately, he didn't have the chance to solve his doubts.
That ordinary sword strike came, and he still had no room to dodge. As a line of blood slowly flowed out from his body, he was killed for the second time.
Dugu Jian Xiaoxiao only glanced at Nu Feng with disdain, then pulled out his sword, turned around, and returned to the chess piece …
"Nu Feng of the demon race, defeated!"
The various sacred lands of the demon race were already very quiet.
Many demon race martial artists, from Heavenly Venerables and World Lords to ordinary martial artists, were already in a bad mood.
At this moment, it was as if there was no one around.
However, for the human race, especially the sacred lands of Deities No Thought, they were all in an uproar!
"One move, another move!"
"I've said it before, Dugu Jian Xiaoxiao is an anomaly. Although he's a prodigy, he has the strength to fight a Daoist because of his iron sword!"
"Hahaha, I'm afraid the demon race has lost face this time!"
It wasn't just the sacred lands of Deities No Thought who were happy …
Although the Human Alliance, Deities No Thought, and Ten Thousand Buddha Sacred Region didn't get along well with each other, they were still the same race.
The Human Dao Alliance and Ten Thousand Buddha Sacred Region cultivators naturally felt proud.
In the Jade Pure Sacred Ground, Ninth Palace Master chuckled and said, "Impressive. This time, Deities Thoughtless has sent out a few monsters! Our Human Alliance is going to be suppressed! "
The great worlds under the Human Alliance's control weren't that far off from the Thoughtless Gods, but their foundations were much weaker.
At the end of the day, the Human Dao Alliance was a major faction formed from countless human sacred lands.
On the other hand, Gods No Thought was a major faction led by the four great clans. Their foundations in the universe were far deeper than the Human Dao Alliance's!
"These people … are so strong," Ning Yudie commented. Although she couldn't understand Dugu Jian Xiaoxiao's sword, it wasn't hard to understand the power that had erupted from it.
When Ninth Palace Master heard Ning Yudie's words, he assumed that Ning Yudie was worried about Luo Zheng. He advised, "Actually, it's already quite good that Luo Zheng is able to enter the top three hundred.
If he can't advance any further, his status and achievements will definitely not be low when he returns to the Human Dao Alliance … "
Ning Yudie paused, then understood what Ninth Palace Master meant. She smiled and said, "I'm not worried about Luo Zheng. I believe in his strength."
"Oh?" Seeing Ning Yudie's confidence in Luo Zheng, Ninth Palace Master's eyes flashed with a strange light.
Ninth Palace Master also believed in Luo Zheng's strength, but he had even more faith in the prodigies and Dao disciples of the various races. Although Luo Zheng's performance was decent, compared to the prodigies who'd been built up with countless resources,
There was still a gap between them and the Dao disciples.
Thinking of this, Ninth Palace Master asked, "What rank do you think Luo Zheng will get? Top fifty? Top ten? "
These three hundred people could all be called prodigies, but the top fifty were extremely powerful prodigies, while the top ten were either Dao disciples or existences like Dugu Jian Xiaoxiao who could rival Dao disciples.
Ning Yudie tilted her head and thought seriously, then said, "I think Luo Zheng should be able to get into the top three …"
"Huh?" Ninth Palace Master was stunned, then a strange smile appeared on his face. He couldn't help but say, "I know you believe in your husband's strength, but the top three …..
Hehe, hehe. "
Ninth Palace Master chuckled twice in a row, but Ning Yudie just rolled her eyebrows slightly. In her heart, she really wanted to 'chuckle' at Ninth Palace Master.
Ning Yudie had never lost confidence in Luo Zheng.
Previously, she had just ascended, so she didn't have much of an impact on Luo Zheng's current situation and status. However, that was because Luo Zheng had only ascended for a short period of time. A mere six years was really a blink of an eye for a cultivator who had a lifespan of tens of thousands of years. Moreover, Luo Zheng had only been a Life and Death Realm cultivator before his ascension. However, the speed of Luo Zheng's ascension had far exceeded Ning Yudie's expectations! Hair
Ning Yudie thought that as long as Luo Zheng had enough time, he would eventually be able to climb to the peak of the universe again!
However, in reality, Luo Zheng hadn't spent much time. It had only been six years!
Since Luo Zheng had participated in this Illusory Battlefield, he would undoubtedly face the super experts of the various major factions, prodigies, Dao disciples …..
However, according to the expectations that Luo Zheng had given them, he would definitely be able to rush into the top three!
At this moment, Ning Yudie naturally wouldn't refute Ninth Palace Master. She believed that it wouldn't be long before Ninth Palace Master would withdraw his opinion.
… …
… …
It was likely that no cultivator was more aggrieved than Nu Feng.
Previously, he was secretly happy that his opponent didn't even have a chance to fight, but he had already fought several times in a row!
Now, Nu Feng's heart was filled with fear.
He didn't want to fight anymore …..
He wasn't afraid of death. In any case, he couldn't die even if he wanted to in this Illusory Battlefield.
However, to throw him out naked and be crushed by those guys, for the Demon Race who valued glory, this was simply worse than death.
However, the battle on this chessboard was not something he could control.
Whoever was chosen by that huge jade hand would win. No one could decipher the rules and mysteries behind it.
However, things were often like this. What he feared would happen.
There was only one round left before he was defeated by Dugu Jian Xiaoxiao!
After a round, the chess piece under his feet was once again caught by that jade-like hand!
Unable to struggle, he could only pray. He prayed that his opponent was weak. Even if his opponent wasn't weak, it shouldn't be an existence like those Dao Children. It wasn't a battle of the same level, so there was no room for appreciation!
Nu Feng's face was sullen as he looked at the huge jade hand in front of him.
Sure enough, that jade-like hand grabbed onto a black chess piece again …
"Another human martial artist?" Nu Feng's pair of bull-like eyes widened as he stared at the human warrior. He was already scared of being oppressed by that human warrior.
Then, he heard the mysterious girl's voice again …
"Demon Race warrior Nu Feng against human warrior Luo Zheng."
Luo Zheng?
Nu Feng's face froze.
The universe was so vast. Many famous heaven's prides were only famous in their own clans. Thus, Nu Feng didn't recognize Dugu Jian Xiaoxiao.
However, Luo Zheng was different …
In the entire universe, whether it was the Human Race, the Demon Race, the Demon Race, or those unknown small clans, countless ordinary people were familiar with this name …
Even pigs, dogs, apes, ants, and all the murderers had heard of this person. Of course, the premise was that they had enough intelligence to understand Luo Zheng's words.
After all, the Roaring Command treated everyone equally. Every creature in the universe could hear his voice.
However, although Luo Zheng was famous, only a few people had seen Luo Zheng's strength.
＝＝＝＝＝