However, he had learned his lesson from the two previous failures.
At this moment, Nu Feng was extra cautious.
He didn't know how strong Luo Zheng was, but he had lost to his opponent in one move twice. This had already wiped out a lot of his fighting spirit.
At this moment, Nu Feng didn't want to win, but he didn't want to make any mistakes.
If he could defeat Luo Zheng, it would be good. But even if he lost, he didn't want to be defeated so badly.
Therefore, when he stepped on the Heaven and Earth Chessboard again, he summoned the big drum.
Boom! Boom! Boom!
As soon as the big drum was summoned, a rhythmic drumbeat was transmitted.
The drumbeat wasn't from Nu Feng, but from the beating of the heart in the drum.
As the sound of the drum spread out, Nu Feng also let out a roar!
On Nu Feng's body, the protective Zhen Yuan was fluctuating according to a certain rhythm. Under this Zhen Yuan fluctuation, it turned into a layer of black armor, stacking on top of each other.
"Protective Demonic Flame!"
This move could strengthen Luo Zheng's defense to the maximum.
The Demon Clan's body was originally very strong. When the Protective Demonic Flame was activated, his body's toughness could be compared with those Divine Beasts with rough skin and thick flesh.
However, to be on the safe side, it wasn't enough.
Boom! Boom! Boom!
Immediately after, a rapid drumming sound could be heard!
"Wind Surge Demonic Flame!"
An invisible gust of wind wrapped around him, which could stimulate his speed to the highest level.
By the time Raging Wind was unleashed, Luo Zheng had already floated down from the black chess piece.
This was the first time that Luo Zheng had participated in a battle. He was curious about the Heaven and Earth Chessboard under his feet.
When Luo Zheng stepped on the chessboard, his eyes revealed a strange light.
He didn't know what this Heaven and Earth Chessboard was made of. Standing on the chessboard, he had a feeling that he was connected to the earth.
At this moment, the mysterious girl had turned the three hundred people into chess pieces to play with her.
This Heaven and Earth Chessboard was a simulation of a part of the universe.
Under such a simulation, could it be that the evolution of the situation in the universe in the future would evolve according to the current battle?
Luo Zheng's conjecture had indeed touched the threshold.
In truth, the Empyreans hidden all over the universe were also paying close attention to the chess pieces and battles on this chessboard.
Of course, they were concerned about their own successors and the geniuses of their own forces. However, they were more concerned about the significance of these variables!
This game of chess was a rehearsal for the battle of the world.
The mysterious girl wanted to use her own game to deduce, and the Empyreans also wanted to use this opportunity to deduce. If they could see through a trace of the heavenly secrets and find a variable in their clan, they might be able to turn misfortune into fortune, and they might even be able to borrow it.
His power soared.
But now, Nu Feng, as a proud son of heaven of the Demon Race, had come out to fight two or three times in a row. Moreover, he had inexplicably provoked the Human Race cultivators at the beginning. There was likely a reason behind this.
Although the Demon Race and the Human Race didn't get along, Nu Feng wasn't a brainless fellow. Provoking the Human Race in this kind of situation would definitely incur the wrath of the Human Race, and since he wasn't the strongest, his fate could be imagined.
There must be a hidden meaning behind it.
Divining the fate of a single person was easy, but divining the fate of a group of people was difficult.
And if one wanted to calculate the fate of all the living beings in the universe, the complexity of this divination was nearly unimaginable.
Perhaps in a tight divination, because of a minor oversight, it would lead to a series of unpredictable trends …
Many Empyreans observed as they divined. This wasn't just for themselves, but also for their clans.
Even the Demon Race's Empyrean Demondawn was secretly divining. Even though the Demon Race's proud sons of heaven were defeated again and again, and all of them were annihilated in a single move, he still concentrated on divining the hidden meaning behind this. Although Empyrean Demondawn hadn't divined anything yet, he had a faint foreboding feeling that this was absolutely not a good thing for the Demon Race. Thus, he had to carefully calculate and plan ahead.
He had to deal with the hidden dangers of this battle of the world.
Luo Zheng stood where he was. After a moment of contemplation, he gave Nu Feng ample time to prepare and then walked towards him.
"Brother Luo Zheng, it's about time." Hua Tianming carried a long sword on his back, his face full of heroic spirit, a light smile hanging on his face.
To what extent had the disparity between him and Luo Zheng shrunk? Had he already surpassed Luo Zheng? Hua Tianming hoped that he would have a chance to review this …
Hua Tianming wasn't in a hurry. As long as he could win, he would have a chance to meet Luo Zheng sooner or later.
"Luo Zheng, you can do it!" Xi Youqin shouted out. As she finished speaking, her eyelashes fluttered and she changed the way she addressed him. "Husband! You can do it! "
As she shouted out these words …
All of the proud sons of heaven and Dao Children present had incomparably strange expressions on their faces.
These proud sons of heaven and earth didn't care about the private affairs of others. Xi Youqin and Luo Zheng were so intimate that they didn't pay much attention to it. But, for him to become her 'husband' so quickly, this was just too …
"Heh …"
Seeing the expressions on the faces of those proud sons of heaven, Hua Tianming, who was in the know, couldn't help but laugh.
Even that pink figure turned her head to look at Xi Youqin in bewilderment. However, her face was a blur, and her expression couldn't be seen clearly at all.
As for the outside world …
"That woman is Luo Zheng's wife?"
"This couple is actually ranked in the top three hundred. This is too strange!"
"Sigh, this Luo Zheng is really lucky. How could a country bumpkin who ascended from the Lower Domain have such a woman by his side!"
"Hmph, he probably hooked up with her in the Illusory Battlefield. This woman is so easy to hook up with, she's most likely not a good person!"
Countless warriors were discussing this matter. Some were sighing, some were admiring, and some were jealous and slandering.
When Ninth Palace Master heard the voice transmitted from the picture scroll, she immediately looked at Ning Yudie.
Ning Yudie just turned her face slightly. "Shameless!"
A faint smile appeared on Ninth Palace Master's face. She had lived for so many years, so how could she not understand the reason behind this?
Since the Holy Master was sure that Ning Yudie was Luo Zheng's wife, then Xi Youqin was most likely his concubine. Moreover, looking at the situation, Xi Youqin hadn't even been brought into the family …
Luo Zheng, who was originally walking on the Heaven and Earth Chessboard, almost stumbled when he heard Xi Youqin calling out so intimately in front of so many people!
His reaction was strange, and he was only 300 feet away from the furious wind at this moment. Thus, he took advantage of the situation and rushed forward!
Xuanyuan Chenfeng used a huge handprint to kill the furious wind!
Dugu Jian Xiaoxiao used a sword to kill the furious wind.
How could he, Luo Zheng, fall behind others?
At the same time, the power of the dragon scales in his body began to flow rapidly!
"One palm, one sword … I, Luo Zheng, will kill you with one punch!"
"Huhuhu …"
The closer he got to the furious wind, the faster Luo Zheng's speed, and the more majestic the dragon power in his right fist was!
"Do you think Luo Zheng can defeat the enemy in one move?"
"He can't! Just now, someone has already started the game. The odds for defeating the enemy in one move are 1: 400! It's so high that it's scary! The possibility is too small … "
"I also think it's impossible. I don't know how strong Luo Zheng is. The furious wind was just scared out of its wits and blindly defended. Maybe its strength is even stronger than Luo Zheng's!"
"What's more, Luo Zheng gave the furious wind enough time to prepare. He wants to kill the furious wind in one move? Dream on! "
In their opinion, Luo Zheng's sudden appearance showed that he had good strength.
They estimated that they were about the same as the geniuses of some big clans, but there was still a big gap between them and Xuanyuan Chenfeng, Lie Qianhan, and Ji Luoxue.
At this moment, Luo Zheng naturally didn't care about other people's opinions.
If he couldn't kill the furious wind with one punch, then he would use two punches. If two punches didn't work, then he would use three punches …
As for the furious wind, he had lost his fighting spirit. He didn't even dare to take Luo Zheng's attack.
Because once he took the attack, it meant that he would expose his weakness. Once he exposed his weakness, he would probably repeat the same mistake and be defeated by Luo Zheng in one move. This was the last thing he wanted to happen.
Therefore, at this moment, he was completely on the defensive. Although it was shameful to blindly defend, he was really scared of being crushed. Even if he was defeated, he didn't want to lose in such an ugly way!
Seeing Luo Zheng's punch coming toward him, he quickly retreated while defending!
"Tear him apart! Nu Feng, you're the genius of the Demon Clan. How can you fight like this? "
"That guy didn't even activate his True Essence. What are you afraid of?"
"Hey, I think the furious wind shouldn't have participated in the Fantasy Battlefield this time …"
This scene was transmitted to the outside world, and countless warriors of the Demon Clan became anxious. They all cursed angrily.
While they were cursing, Luo Zheng had already approached the furious wind. No matter how fast the furious wind retreated, he was still slower than Luo Zheng.