Nu Feng was not a scarecrow. After all, he was a genius of the demon race …
In the previous two battles, Nu Feng had been too careless. In the first battle, he did not expect to win against Xuanyuan Chenfeng, but the strength that Xuanyuan Chenfeng displayed was enough to kill him.
In the second battle, he met the Dugu Jian Xiaoxiao, who was not very famous. He originally wanted to turn the tables, but he was once again killed by the Dugu Jian Xiaoxiao …
In fact, whether it was Xuanyuan Chenfeng or the Dugu Jian Xiaoxiao, if he took a defensive stance and fled, it was impossible for him to be killed in one move.
The gap between a Dao Child and a genius was very big, but it was not so big.
Because he had lost two battles in a row, Nu Feng had become very cautious. He set up two layers of protection in succession.
This protective demonic flame was produced by activating the drum with his true essence, and after condensing into the Brilliant Demonic Armor, it was combined with his true essence. It could be said that it was a combination of body and energy cultivation.
It was a perfect combination.
The outer layer of the Brilliant Demonic Armor was tough, and the inner layer was hard. Ordinary strength could not break it.
However, Nu Feng was unable to exert it to the extreme …
This time, all the geniuses and Dao Children had used the best treasures of their ancestors.
For example, the drum that Nu Feng brought with him was also a very good supreme artifact. It was ranked 405 on the Universal Myriad Spirit Stele, called the "Demon Heart Drum."
However, although the treasures in the hands of these geniuses were extremely sharp, they were almost unable to be used to the extreme.
Generally speaking, in order to use a supreme artifact to the extreme, one had to at least have the strength of a Divine Transformation or even a Realm Master.
However, even if the Brilliant Demonic Armor only activated one-tenth of the power of the Demon Heart Drum, it was not a defense that could be easily broken through by brute force.
At this time, Nu Feng did not believe this at all! At this time, Nu Feng did not believe that Luo Zheng could break his Brilliant Demonic Armor with just a pair of bare fists …
If he was killed by a human warrior three times in a row, it would undoubtedly be a great humiliation for this genius of the demon race. Then, he could really commit suicide! Only by dying in the demon race would he die in the demon race.
Only in front of the Holy Devil Ancestor of the human race could he wash away the shame he had brought to the Devil Clan.
Luo Zheng's eyes narrowed when he felt the aura of the Demonic Light Armor. The moment he threw a punch, he suddenly thought of something.
Although this punch was powerful and might be able to break the Demonic Astral Armor, it was impossible to kill this person with brute force when facing an armor made of a supreme artifact.
It would only be possible if the power in his body was doubled.
Fortunately, this guy had already adopted an absolute defensive stance. To put it bluntly, this guy was just a target for him to hit!
In this case, Luo Zheng had many choices.
It was not impossible for Luo Zheng to kill Nu Feng with pure physical strength, but pure physical strength was also a trump card for him. He had to expose it in advance, especially in order to kill Nu Feng.
Being exposed was not worth it.
In that split second, Luo Zheng had already changed his tactics …
Before this punch collided with Nu Feng, it suddenly changed from a fist to a palm. At the same time, a long spear shot out from his Sumeru Ring!
This Holy Spear of Slaughter had only shot out half the distance before it was firmly grasped by Luo Zheng. Half of it was still inside the Sumeru Ring …
The moment he grasped the Holy Spear, Luo Zheng had already poured the Chaotic Qi into it.
This Holy Spear of Slaughter was not Luo Zheng's weapon. On the one hand, he was not used to using this Holy Spear. On the other hand, he could not display the true power of this Holy Spear.
In this universe, perhaps only Xun Fang had the ability to fully activate this Holy Spear of Slaughter.
However …
After all, the Holy Spear of Slaughter was the most powerful supreme artifact!
Luo Zheng might not be able to comprehend the subtlety of it, and he had never comprehended Spear Intent. But at this stage, using this spear could make him like a tiger with wings.
He could kill Nu Feng cleanly and efficiently, and at the same time, he could hide his trump card.
"No Turning Thought!"
If the distance between him and Nu Feng was very far, Luo Zheng might not have been able to hit him with No Turning Thought at this moment.
Although Nu Feng was a Demon Race martial artist, he was also a dual cultivator of body and energy. Moreover, he was of the True Essence lineage and mainly cultivated the Wind Laws. His speed was not slow …
But just as Luo Zheng punched out, half of the Holy Spear of Slaughter flew out from the Sumeru Ring. The spear shadow condensed and shot out in an instant.
Whoosh!
In this universe, the Holy Spear of Slaughter was not the most powerful supreme artifact. But in terms of destructive power, there was probably no weapon that could surpass the Holy Spear of Slaughter.
In this universe, there was probably no one who was willing to meet the Holy Spear of Slaughter head-on …
Nu Feng was not willing either.
But he could only stare blankly as Luo Zheng changed his move …
Seeing Luo Zheng pull out half of the spear from the Sumeru Ring, even if only half of the spear was exposed, the twinkling power of the double-pointed spear left him aghast.
Cheating …
A thought popped up in his mind.
But in a battle between martial artists, everything was based on winning. In any battle between martial artists, there was no such thing as cheating.
Not to mention that he had been deceived by this level of cheating. It could only be said that he had a problem, and not Luo Zheng.
He had turned into a target and had no intention of fighting. He could not blame others for using even more ruthless means to destroy him!
The spear shadow shot out from No Turning Thought was like a giant crocodile, directly swallowing Nu Feng.
Although Luo Zheng was not proficient in using the spear, this Holy Spear had its own martial skill. He only used the chaotic energy to activate it. But after the chaotic energy was activated, No Turning Thought was even more tyrannical.
Even though the Magic Brilliant Astral Armor was abnormally tough, and ordinary weapons, or even karma weapons, found it difficult to penetrate, the Astral Armor could not block this giant spear shadow.
"Bo!"
The spear shadow directly pierced through Nu Feng.
Nu Feng … lost.
It was still only one move …
Strictly speaking, it was only two moves!
Because Luo Zheng's punch was only half a move. He had changed his move at the last moment, changing his fist into a spear. It could be considered as using half a move to deceive, and then using the spear to kill!
But at this moment, no one thought that the problem was just one move or half a move. In their opinion, Xuanyuan Chenfeng relied on a big handprint, Dugu Jian Xiaoxiao relied on a sword, and Luo Zheng relied on a spear. That was enough.
The problem was that Luo Zheng had the Holy Spear in his hand.
How could the Holy Spear of Massacre of the Yao Night Clan be in Luo Zheng's hands?
"That's the Holy Spear of Massacre!"
"How could it be in Luo Zheng's hands?"
"The Holy Spear of Massacre is the most precious treasure of the Yao Night Clan, and the King of the Yao Night Clan is by Luo Zheng's side. This spear … could it be that the King of Massacre of the Yao Night Clan passed it on to Luo Zheng?"
"Hmph, I heard that the King of Massacre is only a soul now. Where did he get the Holy Spear of Massacre? This spear is clearly kept in the Yao Night Clan … "
…
In the Yao Night Clan …
Yao coldly stared at the Holy Spear of Massacre in Luo Zheng's hand. A ruthless expression appeared on her face, and her gaze fell on Ming Dao, who was standing to the side.
"My, my King …" Ming Dao fell to his knees with a plop.
Yao and Ming Dao were from the same faction, and it was because of their bloodline inheritance that she had supported Ming Dao's father, the Realm Lord of Broken Shadow, to become the Heavenly Sovereign of Broken Shadow …
"This Holy Spear of Massacre was accidentally stolen by Luo Zheng!" Ming Dao hurriedly explained.
Yao shook her head and sighed. "It's just a projection of the Holy Spear. It's not that important, but you failed to live up to expectations …"
The Holy Spear of Massacre that she had lost in the Illusion Battlefield wasn't the real Holy Spear of Massacre, so Yao didn't feel any heartache. However, Ming Dao's Illusion Points had all been stolen, and he hadn't been able to enter the top 100. Yao was very disappointed.
In the Illusion Battlefield, the two factions of the Yao Night Clan that supported her, the King of Punishment, were almost completely annihilated. On the other hand, the Daoist nurtured by the King of Life's faction had a smooth journey. He should be able to obtain a decent ranking.