After Luo Zheng took out the Holy Spear of Slaughter, many cultivators looked solemn.
The Holy Spear of Slaughter was known as the most powerful weapon in the universe. It was one of the top three supreme artifacts on the Universe's Myriad Spirit Stele. It was the symbol of the Fiend Night Clan …
However, wasn't Luo Zheng rumored to be a sword cultivator?
Why had he suddenly switched to using a spear?
Luo Zheng hadn't stayed in the Upper Realm for long, but many people had already dug up news of his time in the Human Arrival Alliance. News of Luo Zheng's performance in the Torch Flame Inheritance had also gradually spread.
This could also be news deliberately released by the Human Arrival Alliance to prove to the other races in the universe that Luo Zheng was from the Human Arrival Alliance.
However, Luo Zheng didn't care about what others thought of him.
When he stabbed out with his spear, the Holy Spear of Slaughter had already returned to his Sumeru Ring …
Many people in the universe had heard of Luo Zheng's name, but this was the first time they had seen Luo Zheng in action.
Luo Zheng had also killed the Demon Clan's prodigy, Nu Feng, with a single strike. However, the Holy Spear of Slaughter was very famous in the universe. Many people would attribute the credit to the Holy Spear of Slaughter rather than his true strength.
When Luo Zheng returned to the sky and stepped on a black chess piece, a white chess piece slowly floated towards Luo Zheng.
A woman with long and slender legs stood on the white chess piece. She gave off a quiet and elegant aura. Compared to the other women from the Demon Night Clan, she was not as lively and lively. However, she was much more dignified and calm.
When she floated next to Luo Zheng, she stared at Luo Zheng and said, "Friend, please return the Holy Spear of Slaughter to the Fiend Night Clan. It's a sacred artifact of the Fiend Night Clan."
When Luo Zheng heard this, a faint smile appeared on his face …
He knew that the Holy Spear of Slaughter was very important to the Fiend Night Clan. The problem was that this was the Illusory Battlefield.
The Holy Spear of Slaughter was not the real thing. It was just a projection. However, Luo Zheng could use the mark to bring the Holy Spear of Slaughter out of the Dream Battlefield. He wanted to give Xun a surprise when he returned.
However, the woman in front of him actually wanted him to return it? How could he choose to return it?
Not only did he not return the spear, he instead looked to the woman from the Demon Night Clan with a smile on his face. "Just because this spear is your clan's sacred item, I should return it to you?"
Not only did the woman not refute Luo Zheng's words, she even nodded her head heavily. "This spear is a sacred object of our Demon Night Clan. It is only natural for us to return it."
"Are you an idiot? The Holy Slaughter Spear is only a projection from the Illusory Battlefield. It's not the real Holy Slaughter Spear. "Xi Youqin was unable to bear it any longer. She stepped on a chess piece and blocked the woman from the Demon Night Clan.
The woman from the Demon Night Clan smiled faintly. "Of course I know that. However, I also know that you've been to the Karma Hall. The Holy Slaughter Spear has already been marked and can be brought out … Do you really intend to give it to Xun?"
Luo Zheng frowned slightly when he heard the woman from the Demon Night Clan's words.
The woman's reaction was extremely strange.
Everyone from the Demon Night Clan would refer to the three kings as' Our Kings'.
Even the Demon Night Clan's members who were hostile to Xun did not dare to be negligent in addressing them as' Our Kings'.
However, this woman from the Demon Night Clan was calling Xun by her real name?
Who exactly was she?
When he thought of this, Luo Zheng smiled coldly. "I took the Holy Slaughter Spear from your Demon Night Clan's cultivators. Naturally, I intend to give it to Xun and return it to you. Who do you think you are?"
The woman from the Demon Night Clan was not angered when she heard Luo Zheng's words. Instead, she stared at Luo Zheng with a faint smile on her face. "There will be a time when we fight … At that time, you will definitely return it to me."
Then, she stepped on the white chess piece and fluttered to the other side.
Hearing the woman's last words, Luo Zheng's face revealed a puzzled expression. Who was this woman? What did she mean by that?
"That woman is Qing Yu, a Daoist from the Demon Night Clan," one of the human prodigies explained to Luo Zheng.
Qing Yu?
Luo Zheng had never heard of such a person in the Demon Night Clan before.
However, he had never been to the Demon Night Clan, so he did not know much about the geniuses in the clan.
At this moment, the human cultivator continued, "Actually, this Daoist Qing Yu is very strange. I've never heard of such a Daoist in the Demon Night Clan with a fully bloomed Mahayana Lotus Flower. She seemed to have appeared out of thin air."
"Appeared out of thin air?" Luo Zheng frowned slightly as he stared in the direction Qing Yu had left.
"Hehe, the cultivation of a Daoist requires an enormous amount of resources and resources. I haven't even heard of such a Daoist in the Nightfiend Clan for many years. Now that he has suddenly appeared, he must have appeared out of nowhere …" The human prodigy was quite knowledgeable, and he helped Luo Zheng analyze the situation.
'No matter who she is? Does she intend to force me to return the Sacred Spear of Slaughter to her?
That's not realistic either … '
'A battle on this chessboard won't endanger my life. How is she going to force me to return the Sacred Spear of Slaughter?' Luo Zheng could not figure it out.
As he thought about it, his gaze fell on Qing Yu as he quietly pondered. This matter was probably related to Xun, so it was best to wait and see.
That huge jade-like hand was still grabbing the chess pieces one by one and pressing them onto the Heaven and Earth Chessboard. Round after round of competition was still unfolding.
Three hundred sky-prides might not be a lot, but it was still very time-consuming to go through all the battles.
Ever since Luo Zheng had stepped onto the chessboard, he had not had a chance to participate in any of the subsequent battles. On the other hand, Xi Youqin had fought twice, and each time, she had won with the Little Purple River Sword Array. Against prodigies, Xi Youqin could handle them with the Little Purple River Sword Array.
At the thirty-fourth round, there was finally a warrior among the three hundred warriors who had been eliminated.
It turned out that the black chess piece on the chessboard had sealed the white chess piece's eyes and directly 'devoured' it. Under such circumstances, the white chess piece would be eliminated. At the same time, the prodigy on the white chess piece could only fight with all his might. If he won, he would still be able to stay on the chessboard. If he lost, he would be eliminated.
In the end, the prodigy on the white chess piece was defeated and became the first prodigy to be eliminated.
Even though Nu Feng was constantly defeated, because the chess pieces under his feet were all living chess pieces, he was not eliminated.
In other words, when a chess piece was placed on the chessboard, if he was still a living chess piece, winning or losing didn't matter, and he would not be eliminated.
But if it was his own chess piece … it was a dead chess piece, or even a dead chess piece. Under such circumstances, he could only fight with all his might. He could only win and not lose. If he lost, he would be eliminated …
(I'm too sleepy today, so I can only update twice)
＝＝＝＝＝