The elimination of the first cultivator didn't attract much attention in the eyes of ordinary cultivators.
It was very normal for cultivators to be eliminated from a competition.
Many cultivators even began to question the rules of this chessboard. Using this method to eliminate cultivators seemed too baseless and it was impossible to truly and effectively determine the strongest cultivator.
For example, Nu Feng of the Demon Race had been defeated three times in a row and still hadn't been eliminated. This was inevitably unfair.
However, they didn't realize that this Great Era War was just a preview of the universe's future. There was no such thing as rules.
On the contrary, the many Heavenly Venerates in the universe attached great importance to this.
The first prodigy to be eliminated …
His name was Guan Quan.
He was a member of the Celestial Tang Clan.
The Celestial Tang Clan was a small and unknown clan. It couldn't even be considered a second-rate clan, yet it had given birth to a prodigy. This clan only controlled three Great Realms, and these three Great Realms were extremely barren and marginal Great Realms. Therefore, no great faction was willing to invade such a clan.
"Could it be … that the crisis of this Great Era will be born from such a small and unknown clan?"
In the Human Alliance, Heavenly Venerate Cloudfox muttered to himself as he looked at the black and white chess pieces.
"A small Celestial Tang Clan can be destroyed by a few tenth-rank Sacred Lands of the Human Alliance if they join forces. Do they have the ability to trigger the crisis?" Cloudfall asked in confusion.
Heavenly Venerate Cloudfox smiled faintly. "A small clan like this is nothing to be afraid of. However … they may not have the ability to trigger the crisis, but the crisis may erupt from their side …"
What form would this crisis take? So far, no one knew …
It could be a silent, world-ending plague that even Celestial Venerables could not resist. It could also be a self-destruction caused by the fall of all the stars in the heavens. It could also be a war disaster started by some ambitious person from a great power.
However, many Heavenly Venerates began to speculate and their gazes fell on the Celestial Tang Clan.
If they calculated according to this clan, they might be able to deduce a result. Based on this result, they would be able to set up defenses in advance and try to overcome this crisis.
The chess pieces on the Chessboard of Heaven and Earth were still falling down one by one, little by little, forming a piece.
The white chess pieces, named Fixed Number, were very stable and occupied a large territory. The black chess pieces, named Variable Number, were cut into pieces by the white chess pieces …
As everyone became more familiar with the rules, the way they fought also changed.
These warriors had a rough estimate of their own strength.
If he encountered a strong opponent and was unwilling to reveal his trump card, he would take the initiative to admit defeat. In any case, he wouldn't be eliminated if he admitted defeat in such a situation. If he revealed his trump card too early, he would probably be targeted by others in the life and death battle …
It was also because of this that the round after round of battles sped up.
After both sides were taken off the chessboard, they quickly tried to guess each other's strength. They even tested each other before deciding which side would surrender …
This method clearly did not go against the original intention of the chessboard. However, the mysterious girl did not stop them. She continued to focus on using the three hundred prodigies as chess pieces, constantly placing them on the chessboard.
Every time a white piece or a black piece was about to be "hugged and eaten", it was the crucial moment of the killing move. Naturally, the warriors on both sides would not be perfunctory anymore.
If he lost now, he would be eliminated immediately!
Naturally, he would give it his all …
As more and more pieces were placed on the chessboard, the speed at which the martial artists were eliminated also increased.
This was because when they were "hugged and eaten", one of them would definitely be eliminated …
During this period, Luo Zheng and Xi Youqin were each taken off the chessboard twice.
Luo Zheng still relied on that Saint Spear. His opponent took the initiative to admit defeat once, and the other time, after exchanging blows, his opponent no longer put up any unnecessary resistance and admitted defeat again …
As for Xi Youqin, no one could break the Minor Purple River Sword Array. Every time she used the Minor Purple River Sword Array, her opponent would also take the initiative to admit defeat.
Just like this, close to three hundred chess pieces were placed on the chessboard. These three hundred prodigies had also exchanged blows three hundred times.
Of course, most of the exchanges were perfunctory and not very spectacular … Moreover, there were also some warriors who had never even entered the chessboard before.
At this moment, the white chess pieces on the chessboard had formed a large dragon, and the situation was extremely stable.
However, although this large dragon was stable, it wasn't completely dead yet. At the top of the large dragon, there was a battle with the black chess piece. The crucial point of this battle was probably only around the third to fourth moves before a chance was born.
The martial artists who were well-versed in the chessboard could already see that under this situation, it would probably be a battle between two Dao Disciples! After all, this battle directly determined the overall situation of the black and white chess pieces. If the black chess piece lost, the originally unfavorable situation would be lost. If the white chess piece lost, the large dragon would be killed by the black chess piece, and the situation would be reversed.
The next few moves were the most crucial ones!
"Pa …"
The black and white chess pieces landed on the top of the large dragon.
Two martial artists entered the arena, fought, and admitted defeat …
"Pa pa …"
Another two chess pieces landed, and another two martial artists entered the arena. One was Lie Qianhan of Deities No Thoughts, and the other was a prodigy from a small clan. That prodigy directly admitted defeat and admitted that he wasn't a match for Lie Qianhan …
At this moment, the last move of the battle of the calamity appeared.
Luo Zheng looked at the situation on the chessboard, and his eyes flashed slightly. With the appearance of the battle of the calamity, these two moves were especially crucial. Moreover, this was also a life and death game. The loser would be directly eliminated if the large dragon was killed.
In that case, who would be the cultivator that would be chosen to enter?
The mysterious girl's chess skills weren't very good, and most of the martial artists could see this. At this moment, everyone held their breath because they all knew that whoever was chosen to enter the Chessboard of Heaven and Earth would most likely be eliminated. In this case, their opponents would definitely not be weak.
"Huff …"
A jade-like hand directly grabbed a purple-haired girl.
Luo Xi Xuan of the Demi-Immortal Clan!
Luo Zheng wasn't familiar with this girl. He had never been to the Demi-Immortal Clan. Although the old patriarch had sent someone to ask him to go, he couldn't go. However, Luo Xi Xuan had fought twice before, and each time, her opponent directly admitted defeat.
Hearing the introduction of others, Luo Zheng learned that this person was a Dao Child of the Demi-Immortal Clan!
There were many martial artists from the Demi-Immortal Clan who had entered the three hundred, about nine of them. Moreover, the Demi-Immortal Clan had two Dao Children.
One was Luo Xi Xuan, and the other was Jiang Zhengyi.
The Dao Children entered the arena.
Many of the martial artists' faces showed a touch of seriousness.
This was a life and death battle. No one was willing to be eliminated. If they admitted defeat, they would be directly eliminated. Who would be willing to collide with these Dao Children so early?
Therefore, most of the martial artists were praying in their hearts that they wouldn't enter the arena.
After the Dao Child of the Demi-Immortal Clan was knocked into the chessboard.
That jade-like hand directly moved towards Luo Zheng.
Looking at the direction of the jade-like hand, Luo Zheng raised his eyebrows slightly. "It's me?"
However, in the end, that finger directly passed over Luo Zheng's head and grabbed a martial artist not far behind Luo Zheng. Hua Tianming!
"So it's Hua Tianming," Xi Youqin said softly.
"Brother Tianming …" Luo Zheng frowned slightly.
This wasn't good news …
He knew that Hua Tianming's strength had soared by leaps and bounds and had undergone a qualitative change.
However, although that Dao Child was also a Divine Sea Realm martial artist, his Mahayana Lotus had been completely opened. If he didn't fall, his chances of becoming a True God were quite high. More importantly, he had begun to comprehend the Divine Dao. His understanding and application of the Dao were far beyond that of ordinary people!
Facing Luo Xi Xuan, Hua Tianming's odds were against him.
Seeing the expression on Luo Zheng's face, before Hua Tianming's black piece was placed, he smiled slightly at Luo Zheng. He was still calm and confident, and his expression was full of heroic spirit.
At this very moment …
In a tenth-rank Holy Land in Gods No Thought, there was a burst of uproar.
Hua Tianming had ascended to a tenth-rank Holy Land in Gods No Thought, and he had become the treasure of this Holy Land.
Their Holy Lord had never dreamed that a martial artist from his own Holy Land would be able to stand in the top 300 …
The entire Gods No Thought was the world of the four Great Clans. These tenth-rank Holy Lands were merely vassals of the four Great Clans. Those who qualified to enter the top 300 in Gods No Thought were the Dao Children of the Xuanyuan Family, Ji Family, Ji Family, and Lie Family. As for the other tenth-rank Holy Lands, they were basically annihilated.