When Hua Tianming had first made it into the top ten thousand, the sacred leaders had been overjoyed.
As one of the great factions of the human race, Gods No Thought was essentially one of the four great divine nations. The four great clans were the emperors of Gods No Thought.
The subordinate sacred lands could only be considered the subjects of the four great clans. In terms of structure, they were completely different from the Human Alliance.
Because of this, all the resources would be given to the four great clans, and all the resources would be distributed by the four great clans.
The fact that a tenth rank sacred land could nurture a genius in the top ten thousand was completely beyond the sacred leader's expectations. In the future, he would definitely be able to use this to obtain more resources and rewards from the four great clans.
However, they never would've thought that Hua Tianming wouldn't stop at the top ten thousand.
Instead, he'd entered the second stage.
He'd entered the final stage of the game and become a variable on the chessboard of heaven and earth.
The cultivators of the tenth rank sacred lands were overjoyed by this scene.
It even attracted the attention of the sacred leaders of the other two tenth rank sacred lands.
Unfortunately, Hua Tianming hadn't placed the black piece at his feet from beginning to end. This made them look forward to Hua Tianming's next move even more.
However, they hadn't expected Hua Tianming to be eliminated as soon as he made his move.
Even more unexpected was that Hua Tianming's opponent would be Luo Xi Xuan!
Luo Xi Xuan of the demi-immortal race, the darling of the demi-immortal race, the daughter of lightning …
All of the prodigies present had their own legends.
Luo Xi Xuan's background was particularly bizarre.
There was a realm in the universe called the Dark Thunder Realm. This realm was filled with the violent power of lightning.
No one had set foot in it for countless years.
It wasn't that they were afraid of the power of thunder and lightning. In fact, the more peculiar this kind of ominous land was, the greater the possibility of obtaining an opportunity. Often, there would be countless cultivators who would rush forward one after another in order to obtain an opportunity to become stronger.
The Divine Fire Realm was one such example. The Divine Fire Realm wasn't suitable for living beings at all, but many cultivators would risk their lives to enter it in order to obtain the treasures of heaven and earth there.
Risk and reward were often directly proportional.
However, the Black Thunder Realm was a little special. There was a Black Thunder Sacred Beast sealed in this realm.
It was said that this Profound Thunderbeast was sealed eighty million years ago by six Celestial Sovereigns working together to seal it. Moreover, they relied on one of the Celestial Sovereigns' heavenly wills, the "Demon Sealing Mandate" to seal this Profound Thunderbeast.
It was precisely because of the existence of this seal that no one could enter the Dark Thunder Realm.
But twenty-two years ago, the seal broke.
It must be known that the Demon Sealing Mandate of Heaven was set up using the Demon Sealing Mandate of Heaven. In theory, this seal represented the strongest seal in the universe. After all, it was set up using the laws of the Heavenly Dao.
The breaking of the seal meant that the Profound Thunder Sacred Beast had broken free from the seal, and it also meant that it had obtained power that surpassed the Heavenly Dao!
At that time, this matter shook the entire universe.
It even made quite a few people cry out in alarm. The crisis of the great era battle had already arrived ahead of time!
The danger was naturally the Black Thunder Sacred Beast.
This crisis quickly attracted the attention of many races in the universe.
Whether it was the human race, the demi-immortal race, or the demon race's Celestial Venerables, they all headed to the Dark Thunder Realm to investigate the situation.
However, after repeated investigations, he discovered something unexpected.
The seal of the Dark Thunder Realm had indeed been broken.
But the Black Thunder Sacred Beast was still sealed inside. Only a very small part of it had been broken, so small that it was negligible …
However, as they continued to investigate, they discovered something shocking.
This seal had been broken by a three-year-old girl!
This little girl had actually broken the seal on her own and walked out of that damned place filled with all kinds of Thunder Laws!
At that time, Luo Xi Xuan was only three years old.
After realizing that this girl was extraordinary, many races began to fight over her.
In the end, she fell into the hands of the demi-immortal race, and they named her Luo Xi Xuan.
Her mysterious origin caused a heated discussion in the universe, but in the end, it gradually died down.
Because after she entered the demi-immortal race, there was no more news about her …
But a year before the Illusory Battlefield opened, the Heavenly Dao Clan announced that they already had two Dao Children. One was Jiang Zhengyi, and the other was Luo Xi Xuan.
Although no one had seen this girl's strength, no one doubted that she was a Dao Child.
In this world, there were always some people who were born extraordinary.
Luo Xi Xuan was one of those extraordinary people.
"Ai, why is Hua Tianming's first opponent from the demi-immortal race, and it's Luo Xi Xuan!"
"This Luo Xi Xuan is only rumored to be strong, but she may not be able to defeat Hua Tianming …"
"Haha, the demi-immortal race … any random genius is enough to become a top disciple of our Holy Land, and Luo Xi Xuan is a Dao Child of the demi-immortal race, the most powerful character of the younger generation, how could she be weak?"
In the tenth rank Holy Land, many cultivators couldn't help but sigh.
Now that Hua Tianming had advanced into the top three hundred, wouldn't it be good if he could enter the top ten and obtain a Divine Spark Plate?
But now, it was a pity, why was he so unlucky?
Luo Xi Xuan gently jumped down from the chess piece and looked at the chessboard under her feet. Her light purple eyes swept across the other side, landing on the handsome face of Hua Tianming, and then a faint smile appeared on her face.
"Demi-Immortal, Luo Xi Xuan," she said faintly.
At this moment, Luo Xi Xuan didn't look special at all, as if she was just an ordinary person, but she also gave off the feeling of a girl next door.
At the same time, Hua Tianming also stepped forward, slowly walking down from the black chess piece, and then took out the long sword on his back.
The long sword was wrapped in a layer of linen, but Hua Tianming placed the sword on the ground, and then slowly unrolled the linen that had been rolled into a ball …
Some cultivators would take advantage of this opportunity to attack.
But Luo Xi Xuan wouldn't.
Hua Tianming also knew that she wouldn't.
After completely unraveling the linen, a sword appeared. It looked like a very ordinary sword, and the blade was still hidden in the scabbard, as if he hadn't pulled it out.
Holding the sword hilt, Hua Tianming stood up, "Cloud Hall, Hua Tianming."
"Hm?" Luo Xi Xuan tilted her head, a puzzled look in her eyes.
What the hell was the Cloud Hall?
At the same time, the Ninth Palace Master in the Jade Pure Sacred Ground stared at Ning Yudie. Hearing it from Hua Tianming's mouth once again confirmed Ning Yudie's previous words.
Ning Yudie just smiled slightly, but her expression was as if it was only natural.
Ever since Hua Tianming showed his talent in the battle with the Tian Xie Sect, he had been put in an important position by the Cloud Hall.
Ning Yudie naturally understood this person's character. As a swordsman, he was a very principled person. He had never left the Cloud Hall, and in theory, he had always been a member of the Cloud Hall …
At that time, Ning Yudie had also secretly observed Hua Tianming. If there were no major accidents, when Hua Tianming's cultivation was enough, he would be promoted to the position of Palace Master.
However, Hua Tianming's ambitions were not in the Cloud Hall, nor in the Central Domain. He had greater ambitions.
Ever since he left the Central Domain, he had been missing. Ning Yudie only found out when she came here that Hua Tianming had ascended and had such strength.
As for the tenth-grade Sacred Ground in [Gods Without Thought], when they heard Hua Tianming's answer, they were naturally in an uproar, and many were dissatisfied.
However, it was useless to be dissatisfied. They were not of much help to Hua Tianming. At most, they could only be regarded as borrowing their ascension channel.
Hua Tianming ignored Luo Xi Xuan's doubts …
He placed one hand on the scabbard and slowly pushed it open, revealing the bright blade within.
"This sword was actually not prepared for you …" Hua Tianming pulled the scabbard out halfway and said with a smile, "So, if you have the strength, you can force me to draw this sword.
After Hua Tianming said this, everyone was stunned.
Did he mean that he did not intend to draw his sword in front of Luo Xi Xuan?
Moreover, not only did he say this, but he also did it. The sword that he had pulled out halfway was slowly retracted!
He was facing a Dao Child! And a Dao Child of the Demi-Immortal Clan!
"This guy, where did he get the confidence to say this to Luo Xi Xuan?"
"What Cloud Hall? What kind of broken faction is it? There doesn't seem to be such a faction in the universe! "
"This guy is doomed. He's probably going to be tortured to death by Luo Xi Xuan …"