In the eyes of many cultivators, Hua Tianming's actions were tantamount to extreme arrogance.
However, Luo Zheng just smiled and nodded slightly. He was very clear about Hua Tianming's nature.
This guy didn't know what arrogance was, but since he said so, he must be confident.
Although a Dao Child was an extremely powerful existence, no one stipulated that a Dao Child was necessarily invincible.
Becoming a Dao Child only meant mastering the Divine Path and comprehending the mysterious Dao Essence contained in the Great Dao. Although the Dao Essence was incomparably powerful and surpassed the limits of the Heavenly Dao, it didn't mean there was no way to break it …
Back when Hua Tianming was just a Xiantian Secret Realm cultivator, he was also like this. Who would have thought that ten years later, he would still be like this.
From this, it could be seen that many people's personalities were innate. Even if they experienced tempering, it only made them sharper, but in the end, their nature could not be changed.
However, when Luo Xi Xuan heard Hua Tianming's words, she showed a faint smile.
She wasn't angry …
On the contrary, when she looked at Hua Tianming, there was a strange look in her eyes.
There were many geniuses in the Demi-Immortal Clan. It could be said that any cultivator who could join the Demi-Immortal Clan would be a Core Disciple in any Tenth Grade Holy Land, but in the Demi-Immortal Clan, they could only be the tail of a phoenix.
Luo Xi Xuan had never fought, or rather, she had never fought with a cultivator of the same generation …
However, all the cultivators of the same generation in the Demi-Immortal Clan would always show a cautious look when they saw her, and there was even a hint of fear hidden within that caution.
She didn't like this kind of look.
After growing up, Luo Xi Xuan also understood her background. Although from the outside, she was very strong and had amazing perception, and even obtained the title of Golden Rakshasa in the Demi-Immortal Clan.
However, she knew that when others looked at her, they treated her like a monster.
That caution and politeness were mixed with a sense of alienation, making it difficult for her to get close to others.
Therefore, the only person who accompanied her as she grew up was her Honoured Master, followed by endless loneliness. In just twenty years, this little girl had lived alone as a companion, but in her heart, she longed to interact with others normally.
She even often wished that she was an ordinary person. How good would it be?
Like an ordinary girl, she grew up in a boudoir and was doted on by her parents. After she got married, she married a loyal and diligent husband and lived a peaceful life that was not long.
Unfortunately, her fate was destined to be extraordinary from the very beginning.
After being sent to the Demi-Immortals, no one spoke to her. Instead, she was placed in the Thunderclap Realm, where she was nourished by the Extreme Yin Sage Lightning. Slowly, she grew up surrounded by boundless lightning ….
If other experts had heard Hua Tianming's words, they would have snorted disdainfully. Since he didn't intend to draw his sword, then he shouldn't blame others for eliminating him.
However, after Luo Xi Xuan thought about it for a while, her brush-like eyelashes blinked and a very strong interest appeared on her face as she smiled and said, "Is that so? You want me to force you to draw your sword? That sounds interesting! "
When Hua Tianming heard this reply, he was slightly taken aback. No matter what, this was not interesting at all.
However, he still gently waved the scabbard and said indifferently, "You can make your move now …"
"Yes!"
Luo Xi Xuan nodded vigorously. When she took a step forward, a flash of lightning instantly flashed in her eyes.
"Pa!"
Accompanied by the crisp sound of lightning, her long purple hair suddenly straightened and fluttered wildly like the hair of a Demonic Beast ….
At the same time, the lightning around Luo Xi Xuan surged like liquid.
It was actually golden lightning!
As the lightning slowly intertwined, it formed a page, a page as tall as a person.
And it was within this thunder page that revealed an extremely powerful Dao. This was the Dao of the Profound Thunder Divine Way!
Other cultivators might have been intimidated and suppressed by the Dao of the Profound Thunder Divine Way ….
However, Luo Zheng's eyes suddenly narrowed and his eyelids began to twitch violently.
"This is … the Sanskrit page!"
When Qinglong had just awakened and communicated with him, he had asserted that his Weapon Body was probably the only one in the universe.
However, Qinglong had not explained the reason behind it ….
After communicating with him, Luo Zheng gradually came to understand that his Weapon Body might not have been due to the Divine Flame Cauldron.
The Divine Flame Cauldron was admittedly a strange cauldron passed down from the God Realm, and the Divine Flame it contained was of great help to Luo Zheng. However, what truly made him was that Sanskrit page.
So far, every time Luo Zheng was tempered by the True Fire, the Sanskrit text would transform into countless golden vortexes that helped Luo Zheng absorb the power of the True Fire and temper his body ….
It was also through this absorption and tempering that Luo Zheng was able to reach this step today.
But where did that golden Sanskrit page come from? Why did it have such an effect? Luo Zheng had no way of knowing, nor could he get an answer from Qinglong.
The golden page condensed from golden lightning in front of him was very similar to the page Luo Zheng had absorbed in the past.
"This woman also has such a page, but her page is formed from lightning." Luo Zheng's gaze was fixed on the Sanskrit page, his eyes constantly flickering. If there was a chance, he would naturally think of a way to inquire about it.
However, the battle between her and Hua Tianming was an elimination battle, and only one person could survive. If she lost, Luo Zheng was afraid that he would have to go to the Heavenly Immortal Clan.
"What a strong Profound Thunder Dao Connotation …."
Even Xuanyuan Chenfeng, who had always had an indifferent expression, had a grave expression on his face when he felt the Dao Essence.
Xuanyuan Chenfeng was a great master, and the Divine Dao he cultivated was very special. Even when facing the other Dao Children, it was difficult for him to be so dignified.
"One move, humph …. That human warrior should not be able to withstand one move in front of Luo Xi Xuan."
"That guy is probably the same as Nu Feng of the Demon Clan. No matter whether he can win or not, he should brag first …."
"Unfortunately, he will lose in the end. Bragging like this will not do him any good."
Many warriors had such an evaluation ….
Luo Xi Xuan slowly stepped forward, and the Sanskrit page was like a door, standing in front of her. When she stepped past, all the Sanskrit characters were like a curtain, sticking to her body. The difference was that the curtain would slide to the sides, but the Sanskrit characters stuck to the surface of Luo Xi Xuan's body one by one.
"Zi zi …."
Luo Zheng's Sanskrit characters turned into a golden vortex.
Luo Xi Xuan's Sanskrit characters released fine lightning, like small spiders, lying on her face, neck, arms, and body ….
Then Luo Xi Xuan smiled gently at Hua Tianming, raised her arm slightly, and stretched out her index finger towards Hua Tianming, and then pointed it to the ground.
"Pa …."
"Ten Directions, Thunder Annihilation …."
When she finished speaking, a smile appeared on her face again, and at the same time, she said, "If you don't draw your sword, I'm afraid you won't have the chance to do so …."
Then, on the chessboard of heaven and earth, countless purple lightning balls appeared one after another.
These lightning balls seemed to have the power to destroy the world, and the moment they appeared, they quickly gathered towards Hua Tianming!
Facing these rolling lightning balls, Hua Tianming's eyes showed no fear. He just gently stabbed the long sword in the scabbard towards the ground.
"Your Thunder Element Law … is very strong, and the Dao Connotation it contains has already surpassed the scope of this chessboard of heaven and earth." As he spoke, a faint smile appeared on his face, "I know that the essential difference between a Dao Child and a Heaven's Pride is Dao Connotation. If I take away your Dao Connotation, your strength will be no different from an ordinary Heaven's Pride …."
"For others, Dao Connotation is almost impossible to block," Hua Tianming shook his head slightly, "but for me, it has almost no effect."
After speaking, Hua Tianming leaned on the long sword, and a little bit of Sword Intent slowly floated out from the scabbard.
Hua Tianming did not activate Sword Intent at all, but Sword Intent overflowed by itself ….
When Luo Zheng saw the Sword Intent, he finally understood where Hua Tianming's confidence came from.
He also did not expect that Hua Tianming would actually comprehend Ultimate Sword Intent in these few years.
Ultimate Sword Intent had become a kind of limit in the chessboard of heaven and earth. Advancing just a little bit was surpassing this chessboard of heaven.
Therefore, to a certain extent, Hua Tianming could also be regarded as a Dao Child ….
＝＝＝＝＝