After Luo Zheng took out the Sacred Massacre Spear, many warriors had solemn expressions on their faces.
The Sacred Massacre Spear was said to be the most powerful weapon in the universe, the top three supreme divine weapons on the Universe Myriad Spirit Stele, and the symbol of the Demon Night Clan …
But wasn't Luo Zheng a sword cultivator?
Why did he suddenly change to a spear?
Luo Zheng hadn't stayed in the Upper Domain for long, but many people had already dug up the things that happened in the Alliance. Luo Zheng's performance in the Torch Inheritance had also gradually spread.
This could also be deliberately released by the Alliance to prove to the other races in the universe that Luo Zheng came from another race in the Alliance.
But Luo Zheng didn't care what others thought.
When he stabbed with the spear, the Sacred Massacre Spear returned to his Sumeru Ring …
Many living beings in the universe had long heard of Luo Zheng's name, but this was the first time they saw Luo Zheng fight with their own eyes.
Although Luo Zheng had also killed Nu Feng, the prodigy of the Demon Race with a single spear strike, the Sacred Massacre Spear was very famous in the universe. Many people attributed the credit to the Sacred Massacre Spear instead of his true strength.
When Luo Zheng returned to mid-air again and stepped on a black chess piece, a white chess piece floated slowly towards Luo Zheng not far away.
On this white chess piece stood a Demon Night Clan lady with slender legs. This lady had a quiet and elegant aura. Compared to the other Demon Night Clan ladies, she was less lively and lively, but she was more dignified and quiet.
When she floated beside Luo Zheng, she stared at him and said, "Friend, please return the Sacred Massacre Spear to the Demon Night Clan. This is a sacred item of the Demon Night Clan."
Hearing this, Luo Zheng's face revealed an expression that seemed like a smile yet not a smile …
He knew that the Sacred Massacre Spear was very important to the Demon Night Clan, but this was the Dream Battlefield.
This Sacred Massacre Spear wasn't the real thing. It was just an illusory projection. However, Luo Zheng could very likely bring the Sacred Massacre Spear out of the Dream Battlefield through that mark. He wanted to give Xun a surprise when he returned.
However, this lady before him actually wanted him to return it? How could he choose to return it?
Not only did he not return it, but he also stared at the lady with a smile. "Just because this spear is a sacred item of your clan, I should return it to you?"
Not only did the lady not refute Luo Zheng's words, but she also nodded her head. "This spear is a sacred item of the Demon Night Clan. I should naturally return it."
"Are you an idiot? This Sacred Massacre Spear is just a projection from the Dream Battlefield. It isn't the real Sacred Massacre Spear. "Xi Youqin couldn't help but step on a chess piece to block the lady from the Demon Night Clan.
The lady from the Demon Night Clan smiled faintly. "Of course I know that. However, I also know that you've been to the Karma Hall. This Sacred Massacre Spear has already been smeared with a mark, so you can bring it out. Do you really intend to give it to Xun?"
Luo Zheng slightly furrowed his brows when he heard the lady from the Demon Night Clan.
The lady's reaction was very strange …
All the members of the Demon Night Clan would address the three Kings as' Our King '.
Even the members of the Demon Night Clan, who were hostile to Xun, didn't dare to be disrespectful.
However, this lady from the Demon Night Clan called Xun by her real name?
Who was she?
Luo Zheng sneered coldly. "I took this Sacred Massacre Spear from the hands of a warrior from your Demon Night Clan. Of course, I intend to give it to Xun and return it to you. Who do you think you are?"
The lady from the Demon Night Clan wasn't angry when she heard Luo Zheng's words. Instead, she stared at Luo Zheng with a faint smile. "There will be a time when we fight. At that time, you will return it to me."
Then, she stepped on the white chess piece and fluttered to the other side.
Luo Zheng was puzzled when he heard that there was a hidden meaning in the lady's words. Who was this lady? What did she mean?
"This lady is the Dao Child of the Demon Night Clan — Qing Yu." A Human Clan's genius explained to Luo Zheng.
Luo Zheng had never heard of such a person in the Demon Night Clan.
However, he had never been to the Demon Night Clan before, so he didn't know much about the geniuses in the clan.
At that moment, the Human Clan's warrior continued, "Actually, this Dao Child called Qing Yu is very strange. I've never heard of her before. The Demon Night Clan has a Dao Child with a Mahayana Lotus in full bloom. This lady seemed to have appeared out of nowhere."
"Appeared out of nowhere?" Luo Zheng stared in the direction that Qing Yu had left, and his brows furrowed slightly.
"Hehe, the nurturing of a Dao Child requires a huge amount of money and resources. I've never heard of such a Dao Child in the Demon Night Clan a few years ago. Now that she has suddenly appeared, she must have appeared out of nowhere …" The Human Clan's genius was quite knowledgeable, so he helped Luo Zheng analyze the situation.
No matter who she is? Is she planning to force me to return the Sacred Massacre Spear to her in battle?
That's not realistic …
The battle on this Heaven and Earth Chessboard won't be life-threatening. What does she want to use to force me to return the Sacred Massacre Spear? Luo Zheng couldn't figure it out.
As he thought about it, his gaze fell on Qing Yu, and his heart sank. He was afraid that this matter had something to do with Xun, so it was better to wait and see.
That huge jade-like hand was still grabbing the chess pieces one by one and pressing them onto the chessboard of heaven and earth. Round after round of battles continued to unfold without stopping.
Even though 300 geniuses wasn't a large number, it was still extremely time-consuming for them to battle one after another.
Ever since Luo Zheng had entered the Heaven and Earth Chessboard once, he didn't have a chance to participate in the following battles … On the contrary, Xi Youqin had participated twice, and each time, she had won with the Little Purple River Sword Formation. Facing the geniuses, Xi Youqin's Little Purple River Sword Formation was enough to deal with them.
In the 34th round, there were finally some martial artists who were eliminated.
It turned out that the black chess piece on the chessboard had sealed the living eyes of the white chess piece, and it had directly "eaten" the white chess piece. Under such circumstances, the white chess piece would be eliminated. At the same time, the warrior on the white chess piece could only give it his all. If he won, he would still be able to stay on the Heaven and Earth Chessboard. If he lost, he would be eliminated.
In the end, the genius on the white chess piece was defeated, and he became the first warrior to be eliminated.
Even though Wind Fury was continuously defeated, the chess pieces under his feet were all living, so he wasn't eliminated.
In other words, when a chess piece was placed on the chessboard, if it was a living chess piece, the outcome of the battle wouldn't matter, and he wouldn't be eliminated.
However, if it was his own chess piece … it was a dead chess piece, or even a bunch of dead chess pieces. Under such circumstances, he could only give it his all. He could only win, and he couldn't lose. If he lost, he would definitely be eliminated …
(I'm too sleepy today, so I can only watch two updates.)