To begin cultivating the Law of Thunder, one had to place their True Essence on a weapon and shoot it out to subdue the enemy.
After reaching a certain level of mastery, one could surround their body with thunder and lightning, or even use thunder and lightning to temper their body, which was not difficult for a cultivator.
However, the power of thunder and lightning could only circulate in the internal organs without any major problems, but it could not be drawn into the brain …
The soul was fragile and could be damaged by thunder and lightning, so all cultivators who cultivated the Law of Thunder would isolate the power of thunder and lightning beneath their necks.
There were many cultivators who could control thunder and lightning in the universe, but under normal circumstances, no one would draw thunder and lightning into their mind, even if their soul was extremely strong and could withstand the torment of thunder and lightning …
But at this moment, Luo Xi Xuan had completely transformed herself into thunder …
This was different from Thunder Evasion, which used thunder and lightning as a movement technique, but only concealed oneself in thunder and lightning.
Thunder Evasion could greatly increase a cultivator's flying speed, but it did not mean that a cultivator could move forward with thunder and lightning; after all, the speed of thunder and lightning shuttled through space was immeasurable.
The Profound Thunder Realm was similar to the Divine Fire Realm in that there were many Law of Thunder creatures.
But so far, no one had ever heard of anyone capturing a Law of Thunder creature …
The reason was that these Law of Thunder creatures were almost all thunder and lightning incarnations. They came and went at the speed of a flash, so it was impossible to catch up to them.
In the records of the universe, there was an eminent monk from the Ten Thousand Buddha Sacred Realm who owned a living being of the Law of Thunder. It was said that the living being of the Law of Thunder was not captured, but was converted by the eminent monk using the Great Buddhist Dharma and became the eminent monk's mount.
"If this Luo Xi Xuan completely transformed herself into thunder, wouldn't she also have the speed of a flash?"
"If she really had the speed of thunder, it would be impossible to react …"
"I underestimated this Luo Xi Xuan."
In an instant …
Nine hundred lives and deaths in an instant.
This was the limit of speed in the universe!
Whether it was light or thunder, they were all bound to this limit!
After completely transforming into thunder and lightning, Luo Xi Xuan floated up slightly, and even though her appearance was outlined by thunder and lightning, she still looked innocent and charming.
"I'm coming …"
Just as she spoke her last word, everyone saw a flash of thunder and lightning.
A long and narrow purple thunder turned into a long dragon that stretched across the chessboard, piercing through Hua Tianming's body and reaching the other end of the Heaven and Earth Chessboard.
This speed had exceeded the limit of vision …
"Pa!"
The speed of sound was, after all, several times slower than that of thunder and lightning. Only now did everyone hear the crisp sound of thunder.
When that voice rang in everyone's ears, Hua Tianming's hair was instantly disheveled, and a wound appeared on the side of his neck. The area around the wound was charred, and fresh blood flowed out!
"It's impossible to dodge at the speed of an instant …"
"Hua Tianming probably didn't even have time to react."
"To be honest, I can resist the power of thunder, but although Luo Xi Xuan has transformed into thunder, her attacks are not as simple as ordinary thunder. In this state, she should be invincible, right?"
Some of the sky-prides and even a few Daoists looked extremely solemn when they saw this scene.
Everyone was thinking about how to break Luo Xi Xuan's move.
However, among all the martial arts in the world, only speed was unbreakable.
This speed was already so fast that it could be broken in an instant. What else could he do?
Ji Luo Xue stared indifferently at Luo Xi Xuan on the Chessboard of Heaven and Earth. A small ring appeared in her hand. That ring was formed from vital essence and contained the power of the Five Elements …
"After transforming into thunder, Luo Xi Xuan … is indeed extremely fast. However, if I use the power of the Five Elements to bind her, I have a way to restrain her, but it won't be easy …"
Although Ji Luo Xue was a sky-pride, she was one of the most powerful sky-prides. Moreover, unlike the other sky-prides, she had cultivated the Five Elements Divine Dao from the beginning. Although she did not possess the essence of the Great Dao, she had comprehended most of the Five Elements Divine Dao. Her situation was very similar to Luo Zheng's; she was only one step away from stepping into the Divine Dao.
"I held back just now." After transforming into thunder, Luo Xi Xuan's voice was very ethereal, as if it was transmitted from a distant space. "Next time, if you still refuse to draw your sword, then you really won't have a chance … You won't be able to catch up to my speed. Even if you draw your sword now, it'll be useless."
The faint smile on Hua Tianming's face disappeared and was replaced by an extremely serious expression.
"Instant speed … is indeed very fast. This is the Purple Infernal Thunder Form of the Profound Thunder Divine Dao," Hua Tianming said seriously.
Upon hearing Hua Tianming's words, a trace of doubt flashed across Luo Xi Xuan's face. "You … know?"
Since ancient times, there had been very few people who had stepped into the Divine Dao, and each of the 3,000 Great Daos was different.
Only Luo Xi Xuan understood the various profound meanings of the Profound Thunder Divine Dao. She could only rely on herself to explore. Even the old patriarch of the Demi-Immortal Tribe could not give her any advice …
As for the Purple Infernal Thunder Form, it was only comprehended by Luo Xi Xuan herself. No one else knew about it.
However, how did Hua Tianming know the name of this profound meaning?
Hua Tianming did not answer Luo Xi Xuan's question. Instead, he continued, "However, you've only just become a Dao disciple. The Purple Infernal Thunder Form is ultimately unable to break through the speed of the universe. I … may not be unable to catch up!"
As soon as these words left his mouth, everyone thought that Hua Tianming had gone crazy again.
Others might not be able to recognize the Purple Infernal Thunder Form, but Luo Xi Xuan's speed after transforming into lightning was obvious to all. She had abandoned her physical body and transformed into pure lightning. Instant speed … yet someone said that he may not be unable to catch up!
Unless Hua Tianming could transform into lightning himself, it was impossible!
At this moment, Luo Zheng's eyes were filled with curiosity. What method would Hua Tianming use to break Luo Xi Xuan's move?
"However, you do have the strength to make me draw my sword," Hua Tianming said. He held the scabbard with his left hand and placed it on his waist. His right hand held the hilt of the sword in reverse. His body was slightly bent, but he still did not draw his sword.
Seeing Hua Tianming's actions, a happy smile bloomed on Luo Xi Xuan's face. "Very good … then, it's over!"
If Hua Tianming did not draw his sword no matter what, even if she defeated him, Luo Xi Xuan's thoughts would not be clear.
At this moment, seeing that Hua Tianming was willing to face her and seemed to be going all out, she was relieved. She wanted to make Hua Tianming accept his defeat wholeheartedly.
A bolt of lightning suddenly flashed across the Heaven and Earth Chessboard.
However, she did not immediately rush towards Hua Tianming. Instead, she circled around the Heaven and Earth Chessboard and flickered. Every time she flickered, a purple lightning mark would be left in everyone's eyes. Then, everyone heard the rumbling of thunder.
She dashed left and right, but was unwilling to get close to Hua Tianming …
"She can finish off Hua Tianming in one move. What is Luo Xi Xuan doing?"
"Why do I feel like she's afraid?"
"How is that possible … Hua Tianming's posture is just the most ordinary Sword Drawing Technique. This Sword Drawing Technique is only an ordinary martial skill. Its speed is indeed fast, but how fast can it be?"
Everyone was extremely puzzled …
In fact, Luo Xi Xuan, who had turned into a bolt of lightning, was also very depressed at this moment.
She was very strange …
With her speed, Hua Tianming's eyes would not be able to follow her.
However, from the beginning, she had a strange feeling that Hua Tianming was staring at her. No matter how fast she was, this guy's gaze would always be able to catch up to her!
Therefore, she did not immediately rush up to end the battle because she instinctively felt a trace of danger.
However, as she circled around the chessboard, even if she circled behind Hua Tianming and Hua Tianming's back was completely facing her, she still felt that gaze.
This gaze made Luo Xi Xuan feel a little uneasy, and also made her feel very uncomfortable …
"Pa …"
"Pa …"
"Pa …"
Under the constant shuttling, Luo Xi Xuan also felt a trace of irritation.
The Purple Abyss Thunder Form also consumed a lot of True Essence. After turning her body into lightning, she needed a constant supply of True Essence. The True Essence sea in her body was like a receding tide, rapidly decreasing.
She had to make a decision immediately …
Thinking of this, she suddenly moved three times on the Heaven and Earth Chessboard. The three purple lightning bolts formed a triangle and surrounded Hua Tianming.
However, she did not rush in from the front. Instead, she circled behind Hua Tianming, shuttled through the air, and pounced towards the back of his head …
"Pa!"
Killing Hua Tianming would only take an instant.
However, at this moment, Hua Tianming pulled out the sword in his hand …
A faint light emitted from under his feet. He stepped on the light, and a snow-white sword light flashed in his hand.
"Absolute Step …"