When Hua Tianming had first made it into the top 10,000, the sacred land's Sacred Lord had been overjoyed.
As a major faction of the Human Race, Deities Without Thought was essentially four massive divine nations, and the four great clans were the emperors of Deities Without Thought.
The subordinate sacred lands could only be considered subjects of the four great clans. In terms of structure, they were completely different from the Human Dao Alliance.
Because of this, all the resources would be tilted to the four great clans, and all the resources would be distributed by the four great clans.
The fact that a Rank 10 sacred land had nurtured a genius in the top 10,000 had completely exceeded the Sacred Lord's expectations. In the future, he would definitely be able to use this to obtain even more resources and rewards from the four great clans.
However, they had never imagined that Hua Tianming wouldn't stop at the top 10,000 …
He had entered the second stage …
He had entered the final stage of the game and had become a variable on the chessboard of this world.
This scene made many of the martialists in the Rank 10 sacred lands burst with joy.
Even the Holy Lords of the other two Rank 10 Holy Lands were attracted over.
Unfortunately, the black chess piece under Hua Tianming's feet hadn't landed since the beginning. This made them look forward to Hua Tianming's move even more.
However, they had never imagined that Hua Tianming's first move would be an elimination game.
They had never imagined that Hua Tianming's opponent would be Luo Xixuan!
Luo Xixuan of the Sky Immortal Clan, the favored child of the Sky Immortal Clan, the daughter of lightning …
The sky-prides here all had a legendary story to tell.
Luo Xixuan's background was especially bizarre.
There was a realm in the universe called the Mysterious Thunder Realm. This realm was filled with the violent power of lightning.
For countless years, no one had ever set foot in it.
It wasn't that they were afraid of the power of lightning. In fact, the more strange and dangerous a place was, the higher the possibility of obtaining opportunities. Often, countless martialists would seek opportunities to become stronger in order to find them.
For example, the Divine Flame Realm was like this. The Divine Flame Realm wasn't suitable for living beings, but many martialists risked their lives to enter it in order to obtain the treasures in the Divine Flame Realm.
The risks and rewards were often directly proportional.
However, the Mysterious Thunder Realm was special. A Mysterious Thunder Sacred Beast was sealed in this realm.
It was said that this Mysterious Thunder Sacred Beast was jointly sealed by six Empyreans 80 million years ago. Moreover, they relied on an Empyrean's Mandate of Heaven, the 'Demon Sealing Mandate', to seal this Mysterious Thunder Sacred Beast.
It was precisely because of the existence of this seal that no one could escape into the Mysterious Thunder Realm.
But twenty-two years ago, the seal shattered.
One had to know that the Demon Sealing Mandate was set up using the Demon Sealing Mandate. In theory, this seal represented the strongest seal in the universe. After all, it was set up by borrowing the rules of the Heavenly Dao.
The shattering of the seal meant that the Mysterious Thunder Sacred Beast had broken free of the seal. It also meant that it had obtained a power that surpassed the Heavenly Dao!
At that time, this matter shook the entire universe.
It even caused many people to cry out in alarm. The crisis of the Great Era War had arrived in advance!
The crisis was naturally this Mysterious Thunder Sacred Beast.
This crisis quickly attracted the attention of many races in the universe.
Whether it was the human race, the Empyrean race, or the demon race's Empyreans, they all immediately went to the Mysterious Thunder Realm to investigate the situation.
But after investigating again and again, they discovered an accident.
The seal of the Mysterious Thunder Realm had indeed been broken.
But the Mysterious Thunder Sacred Beast was still sealed inside. Only an extremely small part of the seal had been broken, so small that it could be ignored …
But as they continued to investigate, they discovered an astonishing matter.
This seal had been broken by a three-year-old little girl!
This little girl had actually broken the seal on her own and walked out of that damned place filled with all sorts of lightning laws!
At that time, Luo Xixuan had only been three years old.
After realizing that this woman was not ordinary, many races began to fight over her.
In the end, she had fallen into the hands of the Empyrean race, and the girl had been named Luo Xixuan.
Her background was mysterious, and it caused a heated discussion in the universe. However, it gradually died down in the end.
Because after she had entered the Empyrean race, there had been no news of her …
But a year before the Dreamrealm Battlefield had opened, the Heavenly Law Clan had announced that there were two Dao Children in the clan. One was Jiang Zhengyi, and the other was Luo Xixuan.
Although no one had seen how strong this girl was, no one suspected that she was a Dao Child.
In this world, there were always some people born extraordinary.
Luo Xixuan was one of those people born extraordinary.
"Sigh, why did Hua Tianming's first opponent turn out to be someone from the Empyrean race? And it's even Luo Xixuan!"
"This Luo Xixuan is only as powerful as the rumors say, but she might not be able to defeat Hua Tianming …"
"Haha, the Empyrean race … Any random genius can become a supporting disciple of our Holy Land. Luo Xixuan is a Dao Child of the Empyrean race, the most powerful person in the younger generation. How could she be weak?"
Many cultivators in the Rank 10 Holy Land couldn't help but sigh.
Now that Hua Tianming had entered the top three hundred, wouldn't it be great if he could enter the top ten and obtain a Godhead Disk?
But now, it was a pity. Why was he so unlucky?
Luo Xixuan lightly jumped down from the chess piece and looked at the chessboard beneath her feet. Her faint purple eyes swept across the opposite side and landed on the heroic face of Hua Tianming. A faint smile appeared on her face.
"Empyrean Realm, Luo Xixuan," she said indifferently.
At this moment, Luo Xixuan didn't look special at all. It was as if she was just an ordinary person, and she gave off the feeling of a girl next door.
At the same time, Hua Tianming also stepped forward and slowly walked down from the black chess piece. Then, he took out the longsword on his back.
The longsword was wrapped in a layer of sackcloth. Hua Tianming placed the sword on the ground and slowly untied the sackcloth.
Some cultivators would take advantage of this opportunity to attack.
But Luo Xixuan wouldn't.
Hua Tianming also knew that she wouldn't.
After completely untying the sackcloth, a sword appeared. It looked like a very ordinary sword. The sword was still hidden in the scabbard, and he didn't pull it out.
Holding the sword hilt, Hua Tianming stood up. "Cloud Hall, Hua Tianming."
"Hmm?" Luo Xixuan tilted her head, her eyes revealing a puzzled look.
What the hell was Cloud Hall?
At the same time, the Nine Palace Masters in the Jade Clear Holy Land stared at Ning Yudie. Hearing it from Hua Tianming's mouth, it once again verified Ning Yudie's previous words.
Ning Yudie just smiled slightly, but her expression was as if it was natural.
Ever since Hua Tianming showed his brilliance in the battle against the Heavenly Evil Sect, he was put in an important position by the Cloud Hall.
Ning Yudie naturally understood this person's character. As a swordsman, he was an extremely principled person. He had never left the Cloud Hall, so in theory, he had always been a member of the Cloud Hall …
Back then, Ning Yudie had also secretly observed Hua Tianming. If there were no major accidents, when Hua Tianming's cultivation was sufficient, he could be promoted to the position of Hall Master.
However, Hua Tianming's ambition was not in the Cloud Hall, nor in the Central Region. He had a greater ambition.
Ever since he left the Central Region, he had been missing. Only when Ning Yudie came here did she know that Hua Tianming had actually ascended and possessed such strength.
As for the tenth grade holy land of Gods Without Thought, when they heard Hua Tianming's answer, there was an uproar and many people were dissatisfied.
However, dissatisfaction was useless. They were not of much help to Hua Tianming. At most, they could only be considered to have borrowed their ascension passage.
Hua Tianming ignored Luo Xixuan's doubts.
He placed one hand on the scabbard and slowly pushed it open, revealing the snow-white blade within.
"This sword was actually not prepared for you …" Hua Tianming pulled the scabbard out halfway and said with a smile, "So, if you have the strength, you can force me to draw this sword.
When Hua Tianming said this, everyone was stunned.
From what he said, he did not intend to draw his sword against Luo Xixuan?
Moreover, not only did he say this, but he also did it. Originally, he had drawn the sword halfway, but he slowly pulled it back!
He was facing a Daoist! Moreover, it was a Daoist of the Sky Immortal Clan!
"What gives this guy the confidence to say such words to Luo Xixuan?"
"What Cloud Hall? What kind of lousy force is that? There doesn't seem to be such a force in the universe! "
"This guy is doomed. He's probably going to be tortured to death by Luo Xixuan …"