Luo Zheng stood on the chessboard. His eyes met with Hua Tianming's, and he nodded slightly. He was also looking forward to it.
He could see that the current Hua Tianming had been reborn and could not be mentioned in the same breath as that person in the past. If he and Hua Tianming fought, the outcome would still be decided …
However, at this moment, Luo Zheng was thinking about another problem.
If the evolution of the Heaven and Earth Chessboard symbolized the fate of the universe …
Then what did Hua Tianming defeating Luo Xi Xuan of the Demi-Immortal Clan mean?
Looking at the current Heaven and Earth Chessboard, all the chess pieces were in a mess, each occupying their own territory …
This scene made Luo Zheng fall into deep thought.
There were many people in the universe who were calculating this chess game.
The large dragon formed by the first white chess piece was almost like a piece of iron that could not be broken.
However, not long after, the white chess pieces, which were fixed numbers, made a series of bad moves, giving the black chess pieces a chance to take advantage of the situation.
The current state of the chessboard could be considered a mess. Whether it was fixed numbers or variables, each of them occupied a small stronghold. On the contrary, because of this, the game seemed to be in a deadlock.
"This chess game symbolizes the current situation of the universe!"
"From what I can see, that huge dragon is referring to the human race in the past!"
"Very likely! Only the human race is as prosperous as the big dragon and almost unified the whole world! "
Many experts began to deduce based on their own understanding of what was happening …
In the early days, the war in the universe was carried out around races.
The hundreds of races in the universe formed their own groups, and the enemies they faced were not of the same race!
This war between the races lasted for hundreds of millions of years.
In the end, the human race won. Under the leadership of Celestial Venerable Wang Ding, the human race created the "golden age" of the human race!
If the human race continued to prosper, the other races in the entire universe would not have a chance to survive …
However, 30 million years after the golden age, the human race had internal strife!
In fact, the human race was not a monolithic block to begin with. As the oldest forces, the four great clans had always maintained their ruling position, which was equivalent to the position of a Divine Nation.
Because of this internal strife, Celestial Venerable Wang Ding was killed, followed by the rise of Celestial Venerables in the Original Sin Sky Realm and the Divine Realm. The originally monolithic human race fell apart and split into three major forces, which were the present day Human Alliance, Gods Without Thought, and Ten Thousand Buddha Sacred Region.
These forces had been maintained to this day.
It was also because of the entanglement between the three major forces that the human race's expansion had slowed. On the other hand, the rise of the demon race and demon race continued to rise.
It was not wrong to compare the dragon on the chessboard of the human race …
Clap …
Two more chess pieces pieces on the chessboard.
The battle on the Heaven and Earth Chessboard continued …
Against the Night's battle against the prodigy of the Night!
After the Battle's prodigy, the prodigy's's,
The's, the demon prodigy's prodigy …...
Eliminated eliminated eliminated eliminated eliminated eliminated his eliminated eliminated to be eliminated to kill '' ''s..' '
Round after round of battles, the situation on the chessboard became more and more complicated.
The number of martial artists standing on the chess pieces gradually decreased as they were slowly eliminated.
Of course, they were unwilling to be eliminated, but they were limited by their strength. However, those who were eliminated were not left empty-handed. After all, they had the strengthening reward from the statue. That reward alone was quite astonishing.
Several hours later …..
Luo Zheng was caught by a jade-like hand, and the black chess piece at his feet was pressed onto the chessboard.
At this moment, Luo Zheng was facing a situation of elimination!
In a normal battle, winning or losing wouldn't result in elimination. Many people would simply admit defeat.
However, in the face of an elimination round, every prodigy took it very seriously. In an elimination round, one would fight to the death.
"Finally, there's an elimination round. Who will my opponent be?"
Luo Zheng stood on the chessboard and looked up at the sky ….
Another jade-like hand reached out from the thick clouds and moved toward the white chess piece!
A smile appeared on Xuanyuan Chenfeng's face when he saw the hand moving toward him. His eyes revealed a faint look of anticipation.
"Is it my turn?"
In Xuanyuan Chenfeng's eyes, he only had two or three opponents ….
Lie Qianhan was one of them. Previously, Lie Qianhan and Xuanyuan Chenfeng had been assigned to the same great realm, and they had even fought once. He had been unintentionally tricked by Lie Qianhan and had been brooding over it. That was why Xuanyuan Chenfeng, who was originally ranked first, had rapidly fallen in rank. He had to get revenge for this.
Ji Luoxue was also an opponent. Although she was only a prodigy, she cultivated the Five Elements Divine Dao and was not much weaker than a Daoist.
If his opponent was Luo Zheng, it wouldn't be too bad.
In his eyes, Luo Zheng was just an extremely lucky ascender. His strength was clearly average, but he had a woman like Xi Youqin by his side. He also didn't know where he had gotten a divine weapon like the Demon Night Clan's Holy Massacre Spear. He felt a little disappointed.
Eliminating Luo Zheng was a good choice. When he thought of this, a faint smile appeared on his face.
The Holy Massacre Spear was indeed powerful, but Luo Zheng's spear technique was very ordinary. After observing for a long time, Luo Zheng's weapon of choice was not a spear.
However …
The jade-like hand that descended from the sky directly passed through Xuanyuan Chenfeng, and finally landed behind him.
Behind Xuanyuan Chenfeng was a very bashful woman from the Human Clan.
This girl and Xuanyuan Chenfeng were old friends. At the same time, she had a good relationship with Ji Luoxue. She was the prodigy of the Ji Clan, Ji Liansheng.
The surname Ji was actually derived from the surname Ji. In the beginning, the Ji Clan and the Ji Clan were one clan.
Now, Gods Without Thought was the most powerful force in the human race.
Among the four great clans, there were two prodigies. They were Xuanyuan Chenfeng and Lie Qianhan, and below them were Ji Luoxue and Ji Liansheng.
Although these two girls were prodigies of the two great clans, regardless of whether it was the Ji Clan or the Ji Clan, they both had cultivation techniques of the Divine Dao. Their abilities were comparable to that of a Dao Disciple.
During the great war between the four clans of Gods Without Thought, the young prodigies of the four great clans were ranked. Xuanyuan Chenfeng was first, Lie Qianhan was second, and Ji Luoxue was third …
At that time, Ji Liansheng was slightly weaker than Ji Luoxue and was ranked fourth.
"It's me …" Ji Liansheng pouted.
"Don't be nervous. That Luo Zheng may have some abilities, but he is not your opponent," Lie Qianhan said with a cold smile.
The four great clans were of the same branch and had a good relationship with each other.
They also knew Ji Liansheng's character very well. Although she was a very shy girl and did not have any confidence in dealing with people, her own abilities could not be ignored!
"Yes, this guy is only relying on the Holy Spear. As far as I know, you are not afraid of such methods at all," Xuanyuan Chenfeng said with a smile.
"But …" Before Ji Liansheng could finish speaking, the hand had already grabbed the chess piece at her feet and placed it on the chessboard.
"Pa!"
After the chess piece was placed on the chessboard, Ji Liansheng clasped her lapel and stepped onto the chessboard bashfully.
At this moment, in Gods Without Thought, Ji Family …
All the members of the Ji Family focused their attention on Ji Liansheng.
"Ji Liansheng's opponent is actually Luo Zheng?"
"Her luck is not bad. Although Luo Zheng is powerful, he should not have the ability to fight against a Dao Disciple."
"He should not have stepped into the Divine Path, while Ji Liansheng is half a step into the Dream Realm. However, when the Emerald Dream Realm is used, Luo Zheng should not be able to resist at all!"
Now, only Ji Liansheng was standing in the picture scroll of the Ji Family. The battle in front of them was an elimination battle, so they naturally paid close attention!
However, the opponent was actually Luo Zheng. This indeed surprised them. Although they were surprised, Ji Liansheng should be able to deal with it …
In the eyes of many people in the universe, Luo Zheng should have the strength of a Heaven's Chosen. Although he had killed Nu Feng of the Demon Clan, he had not relied on his own strength, but the advantage of his weapon.
However, no matter how powerful the Holy Spear of Slaughter was, it should not have much effect on Ji Liansheng.
All the martial artists of the Ji Family were very optimistic …
However, the only person who was frowning was Ji Nan.
Ji Nan did not persist through the second stage of elimination. At this moment, she had already left the Illusory Battlefield and returned to the Ji Family. Naturally, she was here to watch the battle on the chessboard.
"Oh no, Sister's opponent is actually Luo Zheng …"