Although Ji Nan was worried, she did not show it on her face …
As a member of the Ji Family, how could she destroy her own family's prestige and boost the morale of others?
"Meow …"
The little flame kitten in her hand whimpered softly.
She had entered the Karma Hall but only managed to clone a little flame kitten. Because of this, she had been severely reprimanded by her father. How could she dare to say anything now?
In short, the Ji Family was still very optimistic at this moment.
Huan Yu's current estimate of Luo Zheng's strength was that of a prodigy. However, Ji Luoxue and Ji Liansheng were at the peak of the prodigies. They had strength similar to that of a Daozi and could also use their Dao. Luo Zheng was still far from being a match for them!
The only troublesome thing was that Holy Spear of Massacre …
The chess piece gently landed on a star on the chessboard.
As the piece was placed, Ji Liansheng saw Luo Zheng not far away. She pursed her lips slightly and gently tugged at her long skirt. She carefully jumped down from the chess piece like a flowing stream. Her face was slightly red.
Anyone could tell that she was a little nervous.
"Hello …"
Ji Liansheng nodded slightly at Luo Zheng as a form of greeting.
Those who didn't know Ji Liansheng had a baffled expression on their faces …
This woman did not look like she was about to enter the arena. She looked like she was going on a blind date. Did she need to be so polite and nervous?
However, Ji Liansheng was Ji Liansheng. Those who knew her also knew that people like Ji Luoxue and Xuanyuan Chenfeng were used to it. She had always been like this.
Shy and reserved, she often made people feel puzzled …
However, her true strength was unreasonably strong.
"Hello." Luo Zheng was surprised to see her greeting him like this.
However, he had to be respectful when others were polite. At the same time, he cupped his fists and bowed to her!
"Do, do you like peach blossoms …" Ji Liansheng became even more nervous. Her face flushed.
Xi Youqin, who was standing on the chess piece, pursed her lips. "This woman is crazy. What does she mean by asking this? And why is she so shy!"
Beside her, Hua Tianming only wore a smile on his face and didn't say anything.
This time, Luo Zheng was speechless. However, he still smiled and said patiently, "Peach blossoms falling like red rain. Of course, I like it …"
"Yes!" Ji Liansheng pursed her lips and nodded. "I like it too …"
Luo Zheng smiled faintly and stared at the beautiful woman. "And then?"
"Then …" Ji Liansheng thought, she continued, "I like peach blossoms because I have a dream not long ago. I can share it with you!"
"Share what?"
"My Dream!"
As she spoke, Ji Liansheng's.
A wisp of pink True Yuan poured out from her hand.
That True Essence formed a faint whirlpool in the air and suddenly enveloped the entire chessboard ….
In an instant, the entire chessboard was dyed with a magnificent pink color.
It was Ji Liansheng's dream.
There was a wise man in ancient times who entered the Divine Dao in a dream.
That was not a legend, but a fact.
That wise man was called Jiumo Luohan.
He was from the Ten Thousand Buddha Sacred Realm. However, at that time, the Human Clan was not divided, so the Buddhist Sect was not called the Ten Thousand Buddha Sacred Realm.
When Jiumo Luohan became a Dao Disciple, he was only a Divine Realm warrior.
Jiumo Luohan wanted to enter the most famous Hidden Spirit Temple, but he couldn't find a place to enter. Hidden Spirit Temple was still the highest level temple in Ten Thousand Buddha Sacred Region, and ordinary cultivators weren't qualified to enter.
At that time, Jiumo Luohan's talent was average, so he was not qualified.
However, he believed that sincerity could move metal and stone, so he was not willing to leave easily.
After praying for so many years and not being able to enter, there were probably millions of such cultivators in front of the Hidden Spirit Temple's gates.
One day, Jiumo Luohan suddenly felt sleepy, so he fell asleep in front of the Hidden Spirit Temple.
Not only did he fall asleep, but he also began to dream. The true essence in his body circulated and slowly spread out, outlining his dream.
When the Hidden Spirit Temple found someone sleeping here, they naturally wanted to drive him away.
However, anyone who got close to Jiumo Luohan was trapped in his dream. They could not get close to Jiumo Luohan or leave the dream.
In the end, it attracted the attention of the experts in the Hidden Spirit Temple.
The experts did not know what was going on. After rescuing the warriors trapped in the dream, they ordered them not to get close to this person and left Jiumo Luohan in front of the mountain gate.
He slept for three hundred years.
The entire Human Clan knew that a warrior slept in front of the Hidden Spirit Temple and did not wake up.
That dream was sometimes a world of ice and snow, sometimes starlight shone, and sometimes fire burned the sky.
Jiumo Luohan cultivated in the dream. He comprehended the Dao in the dream.
After dreaming for three hundred years, he became a True God when he woke up.
The cultivation in the dream was actually superimposed on his body!
One Divine Dao was the Dream Divine Dao, which was the strongest Dao among the three thousand Great Daos.
Later, the Hidden Spirit Temple turned Jiumo Luohan into a sleeping arhat and created a huge statue for him. He had his own arhat position in the temple.
At this moment …
Luo Zheng was pulled into Ji Liansheng's Emerald Dream.
In this Emerald Dream, peach blossoms fell like a red rain. It was strangely beautiful.
"What a realistic dream!"
Even if Ji Liansheng told him that this was her dream, Luo Zheng could not distinguish it from reality.
Dream space …
He was originally in the Dream Battlefield.
Previously, Luo Zheng thought that this Dream Battlefield was too realistic. Perhaps the fifty great worlds were originally independent worlds in the universe.
Later, he saw that these great worlds were spaces created by the Heavenly Dao.
But the dream of this woman in front of him could reach such a level?
In this dream, Ji Liansheng's figure leisurely came, but there was a small wooden sword in her hand.
Seeing that strange woman, Luo Zheng became vigilant. He raised his hand, and the Sacred Slaughter Spear was already in his hand.
No matter what, he had stepped into this woman's dream. It was definitely not a good start.
In fact, almost everyone in the entire universe saw this dream. They saw the beautiful scenery of peach blossoms floating in that pink space.
However, there were very few people who could see through this dream.
What they saw was reality. They saw Ji Liansheng hugging her knees and resting her head on them. She had a faint smile on her face, and she had already entered the dream.
They also saw Luo Zheng lying on the ground and sleeping soundly. His sleeping posture was very ugly.
But those who could see through the dream probably did not number more than 500.
Only those Heavenly Venerables and a small number of Realm Lords could see this scene.
To be able to create such a Emerald Dream meant that Ji Liansheng was very close to the Dream Divine Dao.
In this Emerald Dream, Ji Liansheng was the ruler of the dream. In her dream, she was an omnipotent existence.
"This Luo Zheng's luck is bad. He actually met Ji Liansheng in the first elimination round."
"Ji Liansheng's dream is like the Heavenly Dao to the universe. She is an omnipotent existence. If Luo Zheng can't see through this dream, he won't be her match."
"Luo Zheng is in danger," Heavenly Venerate Cloud Fox said faintly.
Yun Luo, who was accompanying them, looked worried. Could it be that Luo Zheng was really going to be eliminated here?
The woman in front of him held the wooden sword in her hand and casually chopped at the peach blossoms as if she were taking a stroll.
But Luo Zheng's expression was unprecedentedly vigilant.
"Is she very beautiful …"
For some reason, this woman was originally shy and shy, but in his Emerald Dream Realm, she was natural and unrestrained. Her eyes were watery, and when she put on a peach blossom face, her gaze was casual and flirtatious. She was indeed very attractive!
"Is the person beautiful or the peach blossoms?" Luo Zheng asked faintly.
"Hehe …" Ji Liansheng covered her mouth and laughed. "Of course it's the peach blossoms …"
Luo Zheng suddenly raised the Holy Spear of Massacre and stared at Ji Liansheng calmly. "Both are very beautiful."
"How nice would it be to stay in this dream," Ji Liansheng said with a smile.
"Although this place is beautiful, it's still just a dream. Why would I linger on an illusion?" Luo Zheng replied seriously.
"But you have no choice," Ji Liansheng continued.
"Not necessarily!"
Actually, the moment Ji Liansheng set up the dream, the confrontation between the two had already begun.
At this moment, Luo Zheng suddenly stabbed out with his spear.
However, Ji Liansheng only extended her index finger and touched the tip of the spear.