This Sacred Spear of Massacre was the most powerful weapon in the universe!
However, in this Emerald Dream Realm, it was stopped by Ji Liansheng's finger!
The fingertip touched one of the two spears and was unable to move an inch forward!
"Pure strength is useless," Ji Liansheng said with a faint smile.
Luo Zheng's eyes suddenly focused. The power of the dragon scales in his body suddenly flowed out. He activated the power of 10,000 dragon scales almost instantly!
But it was still useless.
The spear tip touched Ji Liansheng's fingertip, but it didn't even scratch her fingertip!
At this moment, Luo Zheng didn't hesitate at all. He stomped his feet and quickly retreated …
"Single Thought!"
At the same time, a huge spear shadow flew out!
Ordinary prodigies wouldn't be able to dodge this spear shadow and would be killed in one shot.
If Luo Zheng took this spear head on, he probably wouldn't be able to block it …
However …
A peach blossom slowly fell down, and coincidentally landed in front of Ji Liansheng, blocking the spear shadow.
"Pop!"
The peach blossom shattered …
The spear shadow that was produced by [A Thought Without Turning] was instantly annihilated.
"You're not my opponent in this dream realm," Ji Liansheng said as she continued to move forward.
This extremely beautiful woman was able to dominate everything in the Emerald Dream Realm.
She had this dream, she constructed the rules of this dream, she was the master of this dream realm …
How powerful was this Sacred Spear of Massacre? It could even destroy the Heavenly Dao rules of the Illusory Battlefield to a certain extent, but it couldn't hurt her fingertip!
"A pure attack … has no effect." Luo Zheng narrowed his eyes slightly. As he retreated, he was constantly thinking.
If he couldn't break this Emerald Dream Realm, he would definitely lose!
Would he be eliminated now?
Luo Zheng had never thought …
But how could he break such a realistic dream realm?
"This Emerald Dream Realm uses peach blossoms as a guide. I like it the most …" Ji Liansheng continued to approach Luo Zheng. "Actually, the moment you entered my dream realm, you already lost. Admit defeat!"
Luo Zheng retreated at an extremely fast speed.
However, Ji Liansheng only took one step and was already close to his side.
That wasn't because she had used the Law of Space. It was just the speed of a single step.
This speed not only exceeded the speed of an instant, but also exceeded common sense. After all, she was omnipotent in her own Emerald Dream Realm.
"I admit defeat." Ji Liansheng smiled sweetly.
How could Luo Zheng admit defeat?
At this moment, he directly stuffed the long spear into his Sumeru Ring and suddenly jumped up.
However, before Luo Zheng could lift his body, she gently waved her hand!
Bang!
It was as if an invisible hammer had hit Luo Zheng's body, causing him to fall from the sky!
"It's useless. You can't escape from my Emerald Dream." Ji Liansheng shook his head. "The scenery in this dream is beautiful. I don't want blood to spill and pollute my dream. You … admit defeat!"
Her personality changed very quickly.
Outside the dreamland, she was shy and shy. Inside the dreamland, she was free and at ease. Her aura was strong and she was full of confidence.
"Haha, this Luo Zheng can only be toyed with like a mouse by my Ji Family's little daughter!"
"He doesn't have the strength to fight back! They're not on the same level! "
"Ji Liansheng's Emerald Dream Realm is too powerful. Not only Luo Zheng, even Xuanyuan Chenfeng would be defeated by her!"
At this time, the Ji Family members revealed relaxed smiles. Before, they were still faintly worried, but now, it seemed that Luo Zheng didn't have the strength to fight back. Only now did they know that Ji Liansheng's Dream Divine Path had greatly improved.
Ji Nan watched everything that happened in the dreamland. Her eyes flashed with an undetectable light.
Her elder sister was indeed much more powerful.
However, Luo Zheng wasn't so easy to deal with …
Even if Ji Liansheng had the absolute upper hand, Ji Nan wasn't sure that she would win!
In all fairness, she naturally hoped that her elder sister could win this battle. After all, she was a member of the Ji Family. Although Luo Zheng had helped her, he was still an outsider.
However, was Luo Zheng really so easy to be eliminated? Ji Nan didn't believe it …
After climbing up from the ground, Luo Zheng heard Ji Liansheng's words and firmly shook his head. "Your dreamland is indeed very powerful, but there's always a way to break it."
Ji Liansheng immediately shook her head. "Anyone who enters my dreamland must be under my control. You don't understand how powerful the Emerald Dream Realm is."
After saying that, she lightly shook her head!
At this moment, an invisible force exploded from the side and smashed onto Luo Zheng's body once again!
"Boom!"
With a huge sound, Luo Zheng was sent flying to the other side!
"Boom!"
Luo Zheng was smashed several hundred zhang away by that force. Just as he landed on the ground, an invisible force suddenly rose from the peach blossom ground and directly smashed Luo Zheng into the air!
He was like a doll that Ji Liansheng could knead at will!
"Sigh, this Luo Zheng is just a person who ascended from the lower realm. Actually, I even bet on him to be the first!"
"Haha, isn't it because his odds are high and he's not favored? This is inevitable. A dark horse, a dark horse. How can there be so many dark horses? This guy has the strength of a Heaven's Pride. He's already lucky for eight lifetimes! Compared to a true elite, there's still a big gap. "
"It's said that Ji Liansheng is only ranked fourth in the 'Deities Without Intentions' competition. This Luo Zheng is already like this when he meets Ji Liansheng. What if he meets Ji Luoxue? What about Lie Qianhan? You actually bet on Luo Zheng to be the first? I think you're dreaming, aren't you? "
When the warriors in the universe saw Luo Zheng being trampled on, most of them could only shake their heads.
The foundation of a great power was reflected in these Dao Children and Heaven's Prides. Luo Zheng was still too far away …
"Boom, boom, boom, boom, boom …"
Luo Zheng's body seemed to be pinched in the hands of an invisible giant. He was casually trampled on and had no strength to fight back.
"Luo Zheng!"
Seeing this scene, Xi Youqin's long, shapely eyebrows rose!
Streaks of purple energy lingered around Xi Youqin's body. She actually wanted to break free from that chess piece!
Although she knew that she wouldn't die even if she lost, Xi Youqin still couldn't bear to see Luo Zheng being trampled on and played around with like this …
However, just as she released those streaks of purple energy, a strong binding force was born from the black chess piece. It wanted to break free from the chess piece's shackles!
When Hua Tianming saw Xi Youqin's actions, he advised Xi Youqin, "Don't be anxious. Luo Zheng won't be defeated so easily!"
Resisting the rules of the Heavenly Dao was definitely not a wise choice. It was just a waste of energy.
"Hmph!"
How could Xi Youqin listen to Hua Tianming's words?
The purple energy continued to surge out, and streaks of sword shadows also spread out from that purple energy!
She actually wanted to resist the binding force of the black chess piece …
The purple energy that escaped from Xi Youqin's body was originally restricted to three inches around her. However, as it continued to spread, it actually gradually spread around the black chess piece!
Seeing this scene, Hua Tianming was slightly taken aback!
"Crack …"
A crisp sound came from the black chess piece below her. A crack actually appeared on the black chess piece.
At this moment, everyone's attention was focused on the Heaven and Earth Chessboard …
When they suddenly heard this sound, they noticed Xi Youqin in the air. The other Dao Disciples were also shocked when they saw this scene!
This woman actually cracked that chess piece?
After those chess pieces landed on the chessboard, they stubbornly stayed on the chessboard.
No matter how powerful the two sides were, they could destroy the chessboard, but they couldn't move the chess piece!
But this woman was actually able to crack the chess piece?
The purple energy around Xi Youqin became denser and denser, and the area it spread out was also increasing. If this continued, she really could break free from the black chess piece and rush into the Heaven and Earth Chessboard!
"Sigh …"
A soft sigh quietly rang out.
Then, around the black chess piece beside Xi Youqin, faint rings of light spread out!
Those rings of light stacked layer upon layer, and they bound Xi Youqin.
Even these rings of light were unable to resist the purple energy, and they were slowly corroded by the purple energy.
Everyone's eyes were filled with shock. Even Xuanyuan Chenfeng and the others might not be able to do this. This was the mysterious girl personally making a move!
What exactly was this woman's purple energy?
However, just as she corroded a few rings of light, more rings of light came to bind her. The speed at which Xi Youqin used the purple energy to corrode the rings of light was far from catching up to the speed at which the rings of light were produced.
In theory, Xi Youqin was unable to break free from them smoothly.
＝＝＝＝＝