On the Heaven and Earth Chessboard …
Luo Zheng was like a punching bag, being slapped around by Ji Liansheng's invisible power without any resistance.
In fact, Luo Zheng still had many tricks up his sleeve!
However, in this Emerald Dream Realm, for example, the Thunder Calamity Kill and the Stellar Battle Body.
However, in this Emerald Dream Realm, it was an illusory existence …
Just now, when Luo Zheng's spear was blocked by Ji Liansheng's fingertips, he already knew that no matter how powerful he was, he couldn't defeat his opponent in this Emerald Dream Realm!
Strictly speaking, the two of them didn't really fight. They were just dreaming.
However, from the beginning, Luo Zheng was led into Ji Liansheng's dream realm …
Luo Zheng didn't know that there was a so-called Dream God Dao among the Three Thousand Divine Daos, but he had heard that there was a kind of dream killing technique in this universe. It was to quietly sneak into the dreamland of the other party and strangle them in their sleep.
The world in the dream realm was unconstrained and was completely woven by one's own thoughts.
She was the god of this Emerald Dream Realm …
No matter how powerful Luo Zheng's methods were, he couldn't be this woman's opponent.
The key was to crack this Emerald Dream Realm!
This method was indeed very powerful, but once it was cracked, it would be very easy to defeat it or even counter it.
Dream Killing Technique, Dream God Dao …
This is her dream realm, not my dream realm.
Then how did she lead me into her dream realm …
A dream realm was originally a spiritual activity formed by distracting thoughts during a dormant period.
This kind of activity was usually unconscious.
However, as the saying goes, what you think about during the day, you dream about it at night. The more you come into contact with something during the day, the easier it is to dream about it at night.
Was he quietly led into this Emerald Dream Realm?
What did Ji Liansheng say to him before?
Hello …
Do you like peach blossoms …
"Peach blossoms!"
Luo Zheng's mind suddenly jumped!
This woman used peach blossoms as a lure to pull him into the dream realm!
In the Emerald Dream Realm, there were countless peach blossoms slowly drifting. At a glance, it was beautiful.
These peach blossoms had been hinting at the dream realm, preventing him from waking up?
"Bang!"
Another heavy blow directly slammed Luo Zheng onto the edge of the chessboard, and then bounced back heavily.
At this moment, Luo Zheng had given up resisting.
He couldn't dodge the woman's attack.
The stronger he became, the stronger Ji Liansheng would become. The faster he became, the faster she would become.
At this moment, while flying backwards, Luo Zheng quietly glanced at Ji Liansheng.
Peach blossoms …
The peach blossoms drifted down and spread all over the ground.
Ji Liansheng was surrounded by a circular open space. There was not a single peach blossom. As the peach blossom drifted down, it was naturally isolated.
But not all of the peach blossoms avoided her.
At this moment, there was a small piece of peach blossom on top of her hair.
Before she was drawn into the Emerald Dream Realm, the peach blossoms had never appeared. But now, there were peach blossoms on her hair!
"This is that piece of land …"
Luo Zheng's eyes revealed a strange look.
If he cut off this peach blossom, he would be able to break the Emerald Dream Realm …
This was only Luo Zheng's guess. Perhaps the Dream Divine Path wasn't so easy to break.
But in this situation, Luo Zheng couldn't really do nothing. If so, he might as well choose to admit defeat.
"Bang!"
After each heavy blow, Luo Zheng was also looking for an opportunity.
This was a once-in-a-lifetime opportunity for Luo Zheng. If he failed, with her speed in the Emerald Dream Realm, Luo Zheng wouldn't be able to catch up.
Ji Liansheng extended her jade-like hand toward Luo Zheng. With a light hook, an irresistible force pulled Luo Zheng and sent him flying back toward her …
"Phew …"
"Alright, it's time to end this." Ji Liansheng's smile was charming and enchanting.
Then, Luo Zheng was restrained by the invisible force and floated in front of Ji Liansheng.
"Your physical body is indeed very special." Ji Liansheng smiled. "I'm afraid its strength is equivalent to a first-grade divine artifact … If Sister Luo Xue met you, she might have a headache. But you met me first …"
Hearing Ji Liansheng mention her, Ji Luo Xue blinked slightly. She looked down at the immobile Luo Zheng and felt slightly regretful.
Not to mention that she was a loyal fan of Luo Zheng's stories, she had lost to Luo Zheng once before. Naturally, she wanted to win it back from Luo Zheng herself. Otherwise, she wouldn't be able to get her way …
Unfortunately, Luo Zheng was going to lose to Ji Liansheng.
"Idiot …" Ji Luo Xue sighed softly. "Just cut off the peach blossoms behind her head …"
Ji Liansheng's Dream Divine Path was extremely powerful, but she had lost to Lie Qianhan and Xuanyuan Chenfeng in the Four Clans Tournament.
There was no other reason …
The Four Great Clans shared information with each other. They were also very clear about each other's characteristics.
Although Ji Liansheng's Dream Divine Path was powerful, her Dream Divine Path was like a special puzzle. If she couldn't figure it out, she was invincible. But once she figured it out, her Dream Divine Path's power would be greatly reduced.
Ji Luo Xue and the others understood this. Ji Liansheng wouldn't be able to get any benefits from them.
However, those who didn't understand Ji Liansheng had almost no chance of winning!
A faint blush appeared on Ji Liansheng's face. Then, she smiled sweetly and pinched lightly.
"Crack!"
Luo Zheng's right arm broke in an instant and left his body.
Fresh blood spurted out from the wound …
This Ji Lian was born outside of the dream world and was like a virgin flower that never left her boudoir. She would be extremely shy if she spoke a few words with a man, but at this moment, she was acting strangely cruel!
Seeing the fresh blood flowing out, Ji Liansheng's eyes lit up.
"This woman … is only so cruel in her dreams." Xuanyuan Chenfeng rolled his eyes …
Two years ago, the clan wanted to introduce Ji Liansheng to him.
This woman was compatible with Xuanyuan Chenfeng in terms of talent and appearance. It was just that Xuanyuan Chenfeng was antisocial and knew Ji Liansheng's nature, so he tried his best to reject her.
She looked delicate and shy, but her true nature was cruel and bloodthirsty.
However, the bloodthirsty in the Dream Realm and the bloodthirsty in the real world were two different things. She killed someone in the Dream Realm. When the Emerald Dream Realm dissipated, the person was still intact. It could be said that he was completely unharmed. Only his soul had been shattered …
Luo Zheng's arm was gently torn apart by her. The pain was indescribable.
His body had always been known for its strength. But being torn apart by this woman was probably the most serious injury he had ever suffered.
Although it was painful, Luo Zheng gritted his teeth. His gaze secretly swept past the peach blossom behind Ji Liansheng.
At this moment, he was only two steps away from Ji Liansheng. As long as Ji Liansheng didn't notice that he had noticed the peach blossom, he still had a chance …
Ji Liansheng raised her head and looked at Luo Zheng. Once again, she smiled charmingly, "Actually, you can admit defeat. I'm still very kind-hearted. I can't bear to see others bleed and cry …"
Luo Zheng endured the pain and forced a smile on his face, "As a martial artist, bleeding is unavoidable. Don't cry!"
"Is that so?" Ji Liansheng raised the corner of her mouth, "Then I really want to see you cry …"
After saying that, her finger once again made a slanting gesture …
"Cha …"
It was as if the sharpest sword had cut Luo Zheng's leg!
It forcibly separated Luo Zheng's right leg from his body …
"Luo Zheng!"
Although she knew that one wouldn't really die in this Dream Realm, Xi Youqin still couldn't bear to see this bloody scene. She angrily shouted from the chess piece.
The more the opponent wanted to torture him, the calmer Luo Zheng's expression became.
Since Ji Liansheng's hobby was to torture her opponents in dreams …
Then he had to give Ji Liansheng an impression and act out a play. He had to let her understand that he had no power to fight back and unyieldingly endure her means.
However, Luo Zheng's real purpose was the peach blossom on her hair bun.
"Again …"
Ji Liansheng's finger once again made a light stroke. Luo Zheng's second leg was also separated from Luo Zheng's body.
Seeing this scene, the people in Huanyu couldn't help but shake their heads …
Luo Zheng had a great reputation, but his strength was still inferior. If he encountered a real genius from a big clan, he would still be the target of torture. He had almost no power to fight back.
After all, since the beginning of this dream, Luo Zheng hadn't put up any effective resistance.