Two legs, one hand.
She slowly floated in front of Luo Zheng.
Ji Liansheng looked up at Luo Zheng with a faint smile on her face.
In this situation, the meaning behind that faint smile was extremely cruel …
"Alas, how will this girl get married in the future …"
The Ji family was immersed in a relaxed atmosphere.
The battle between Ji Liansheng and Luo Zheng had been settled. However, Ji Liansheng had shown her cruel side in front of the entire universe. If she were to get married in the future, how would she find a good marriage partner?
"Hahaha, who told Luo Zheng to be so unlucky to meet Lian Sheng!"
"It's not bad. After all, she didn't really kill him …"
"Grass roots are grass roots. Even if he ascended and obtained a great opportunity, so what? He's still just a pheasant. He'll never become a phoenix! How can he fight against the daughter of the Ji family? "
The martial artists of the Ji Family discussed among themselves, and their faces were filled with pride …
Luo Zheng might not be strong, but he was very famous. Being eliminated by the Ji family was also a great honor for the Ji family.
However, at this moment, Ji Nan's hand was deeply buried in the flame kitten's vermilion fur. She stared blankly at Luo Zheng in the picture scroll.
"Not good …"
Ji Nan suddenly shook her head and said.
The martial artists by Ji Nan's side were also the geniuses of the Ji Family's younger generation. They had also been eliminated by the dreamland. Most of them hadn't been able to pass the first stage, and there were only four Ji Family geniuses that had passed the second stage. Three of them had been eliminated in the second stage.
Therefore, Ji Nan could enter the second stage. She was considered a top existence among these geniuses.
"Sister Nan, what are you talking about?" A girl from the Ji family next to her asked.
Ji Nan's eyes flickered. "Sister Lian Sheng is probably going to lose!"
"What did you say? Sister Nan is probably joking … "The girl from the Ji family laughed.
However, just as Ji Nan's voice fell, the picture scroll suddenly changed …
Luo Zheng suddenly twisted his body in the air and reached for his broken arm. The Sumeru Ring was on the finger of his broken arm!
All of this happened in the blink of an eye!
For Luo Zheng, there was only one chance …
The opponent he was facing was the strongest existence of the younger generation in the universe.
Regardless of whether it was Xuanyuan Chenfeng, Jiang Zhengyi, or Ji Liansheng, they were all created by the large families with immeasurable resources, and they themselves had the destiny to fight for the world. In the upcoming crisis of the universe, they would play an indispensable role in it!
If he wanted to defeat them, he couldn't afford to make any mistakes!
He took out the sword, flipped it, and spat out the Sword Intent …
These few steps were done in one go!
In the Emerald Dream Realm, Ji Liansheng's speed and strength were both in a 'limitless' state.
To put it bluntly, as long as she didn't break this dreamland, she would be an invincible existence. Perhaps only World Overlords or even Empyreans would be able to forcefully break this dreamland apart!
But her speed was too fast, and she needed to think to keep up!
In layman's terms, he was able to "react" …
Luo Zheng's sword was extremely sudden. Before Ji Lian Sheng could react, the sword had already slashed out!
Swish!
The sword aura that flew out went straight for Ji Liansheng.
Luo Zheng didn't have the intention to kill Ji Liansheng. She was probably an immortal existence in this dreamland, and killing her was only the last choice.
He slashed the peach blossom.
The sword aura flashed, and a thin line appeared in the center of the beautiful peach blossom on her hair.
The Dark Lightning Wind Divine Sword was sharp, and even though it cut the peach blossom, it only left a small imperceptible mark …
"What is Luo Zheng doing?"
"Such a good opportunity, and he took out the sword just to cut the peach blossom behind Ji Liansheng's head?"
"If it were me, I would definitely cut off Ji Liansheng's neck!"
Many warriors in the universe commented like this. Without a doubt, they all thought that Luo Zheng was crazy.
When Xuanyuan Chenfeng saw this scene, a strange look appeared in his eyes.
Ji Luoxue's eyes suddenly lit up. Although she and Ji Liansheng were like sisters, she still hoped that Luo Zheng would continue until he met her …
The peach blossom was cut off …
Ji Liansheng should be defeated.
When the people in the Ji family saw this scene, they instantly fell into silence.
When Ji Liansheng opened the Emerald Dreamland, the warriors in the Ji family knew that the peach blossom was the trigger of the Emerald Dreamland.
The peach blossom was broken, and the dreamland was destroyed …
However, Luo Zheng didn't notice the peach blossom at all, so they were relieved.
If the peach blossom wasn't broken, he would never wake up!
Ji Liansheng was naturally going to win.
However, this guy actually attacked at the last moment!
Everyone in the Ji Family was momentarily unable to react. Could it be that this fellow had been pretending all this time?
Ji Liansheng's face revealed a trace of misery …
The peach blossom in the Emerald Dreamland started to break. The pink color was like a ball of paint that was knocked over. It started to spin slowly and finally disappeared from the Heaven and Earth Chessboard!
"Eh!"
Xi Youqin was originally struggling with all her might.
However, when the Emerald Dreamland disappeared, Luo Zheng, who had both his legs and right arm broken, and Ji Liansheng also disappeared.
The scene just now was like a curtain on a stage. After the curtain was lifted, it was another scene.
Luo Zheng opened his eyes and jumped up from the ground.
Ji Liansheng curled up into a ball and hugged her legs. She raised her head and looked at Luo Zheng. However, she gently bit her lips …
She didn't know how to resist.
If she didn't open the Dreamland, even though Ji Liansheng's strength wasn't bad, she couldn't resist Luo Zheng. Resistance would be futile.
"Drip …"
Seeing Luo Zheng slowly walking towards her, a drop of crystal clear tear fell from Ji Liansheng's eyes.
"Drip, drip …"
That teardrop was like a broken string of pearls, unceasingly dripping down.
"I lost … I'm sorry." Ji Liansheng started to cry.
Luo Zheng walked in front of Ji Liansheng. This woman in the Dreamland and in the Dreamland were two completely different personalities …
However, at this moment, he didn't have the slightest bit of tender and protective feelings for the fairer sex. He only said sternly, "Your Dreamland is very beautiful, but once is enough. If you use your tears as a guide and lead me into the Dreamland again, I'm afraid I'll offend the beauty."
When Luo Zheng's voice fell, Ji Liansheng's body slightly trembled. Her face revealed a look of despair. She said in a mosquito-like voice, "I lost …"
After hearing this, Luo Zheng faintly smiled. Then, he turned around and walked towards his chess piece …
The purpose of the battle on the Heaven and Earth Chessboard was to determine the winner. Luo Zheng wasn't a bloodthirsty person.
However, just as he took two steps, he suddenly turned around. At the same time, the long sword in his hand suddenly slashed out!
"Pu!"
A line of blood appeared on Ji Liansheng's forehead.
In her hand, there was a small wooden doll.
The wooden doll looked very simple to make, but it was definitely not an ordinary object. Although he didn't know the specific use of the wooden doll, he could imagine that once she used it, he would be in huge trouble …
"Plop …"
Ji Liansheng fell to the ground. She was immediately eliminated.
Luo Zheng won by a narrow margin.
Seeing Ji Liansheng slowly disappear from the Heaven and Earth Chessboard, her face was filled with unwillingness. However, no matter how unwilling she was, she was still sent back to the universe.
Seeing this scene, Luo Zheng couldn't help but shake his head.
"This woman … is too sinister!"
After returning to the sky, Xi Youqin's face was still filled with anger. Even though Luo Zheng won this round.
Hearing Xi Youqin's words, Luo Zheng smiled. "You can't blame her."
"Oh? Now you have protective feelings for the fairer sex? "Xi Youqin raised her willowy eyebrows.
Hua Tianming agreed with Luo Zheng. "She cultivates the Dream God Dao. She can't win head-on. She can only use scheming methods to lure her opponent into a trap. This is also a method of battle. It has nothing to do with being sinister."
"Brother Tianming is right." Luo Zheng nodded.
All the martial artists in the universe would display their strengths.
If they won with speed, they couldn't attack head-on. If they won with strength, they naturally wouldn't use unorthodox methods …
The battle in the universe continued. This round wasn't an elimination round, but the jade hand chose Xi Youqin and another prodigy from another race.
At this moment, in the depths of the sky, a nine-colored light began to slowly rotate.
Not long after, a skylark flew out of the light and towards the thick clouds. It flew towards the palace in the center of the clouds, and a pair of bird claws landed on the mysterious girl's pinky finger.
The mysterious girl tilted her head slightly and listened to what the skylark was saying.
Her eyes lit up. "You've already found out about Luo Zheng? This Luo Yan … "
A hint of astonishment appeared on the mysterious girl's face.