The information that Luo Zheng had asked her to investigate had only just been sent back from the Realm of the Gods …
However, she did not know that the implications were far beyond her imagination!
In the eyes of the mysterious girl, Luo Zheng was just a living being born in this universe …
She had existed in this Heavenly Axiom for countless years. She stayed here to cultivate the Three Lifetime Tribulations.
The past Solemnity Tribulation, the present Sage Tribulation, the future Constellation Tribulation …
Although she hated those Buddhists, they were indeed powerful. She could only stay here foolishly and help take care of this layer of heaven.
Luo Zheng's appearance surprised the mysterious girl.
That guy's Roaring Command could actually trigger the "Sound of Perception" in the Heavenly Axiom …
She had created the Howling Celestial Tapir and placed it in the universe. Over the long years, she felt that the universe was too quiet.
Therefore, when she created the Howling Celestial Tapir, she gave the Sound of Perception to it …
These living beings were very smart. After discovering the Howling Celestial Tapir's ability, they used it wantonly. That was why the universe was so lively.
However, she did not dare to use it too much. If there were too many Howling Celestial Tapirs, the entire universe would be noisy. That would not be peaceful.
After a certain number was controlled, the Roaring Command's value in the universe became very high.
However, Luo Zheng's Roaring Command was different …
He could forcefully communicate with the Heavenly Axiom and trigger the Sound of Perception!
She had once created five of these unlimited Roaring Commands. Later, when the world was destroyed, she took them all back.
In other words, other than herself, no one in the universe could release the Sound of Perception without limit.
Moreover, Luo Zheng's Roaring Command was very domineering.
The Heavenly Axiom's rules were endless …
The operation of the rules was controlled by her.
She also had the authority to trigger the Sound of Perception.
Sometimes, when Luo Zheng used the Roaring Command, she would try to stop it …
Strangely, she could not stop the Sound of Perception from being produced!
Her experiment had no ill intentions towards Luo Zheng. She was just curious as to why Luo Zheng could do it. To be able to do so, unless Luo Zheng's authority in the Heavenly Axiom was higher than hers!
How could such a thing happen?
She had asked Luo Zheng, but Luo Zheng wouldn't answer her honestly.
He tried to figure it out, but to no avail …
It was only after hearing about Luo Yan's whereabouts that she finally understood why it would take her several years to find Luo Yan and return.
"Sigh, these guys have lived for too long. They must be tired of living! Make such a plan! "
"Should we tell Luo Zheng?"
The mysterious girl was also thinking about it.
She always did what she promised, but she didn't know what Luo Zheng would think. She also didn't know if it was appropriate to tell him!
After Luo Zheng defeated Ji Liansheng, in the eyes of countless creatures in the universe, his strength had increased by another level.
The strength of these three hundred people could be roughly divided into three tiers.
On the first step stood Xuanyuan Chenfeng, Lie Qianhan, Jiang Zhengyi, and the other Daoists.
Ji Luoxue and Ji Liansheng weren't Daoists, but they were qualified to be on the first tier. Even though their lotuses hadn't fully opened, they already had the strength to fight with Daoists.
And Luo Zheng defeated Ji Liansheng …
Previously, Luo Zheng killed Nu Feng with a single spear strike, and then defeated two prodigies consecutively.
Those opponents could only be considered as candidates for the third tier. They belonged to the fringe of this Battle of the Worlds.
But Ji Liansheng was different!
More importantly, Ji Liansheng was defeated in the elimination round.
The meaning behind this was completely different.
The Ji Family had already turned into a complete mess …
Each of the four great families had a seed.
Ji Liansheng was the seed of the Ji family.
Because Ji Liansheng cultivated the Dream Divine Dao, the Ji family helped her formulate several plans.
With these plans, even Xuanyuan Chenfeng and the others might not be able to break her Emerald Dream Realm …
Using peach blossoms as a lure was only Ji Liansheng's most ordinary Lure of Dreams!
She had never used the subsequent Lure of Dreams before. With these Lure of Dreams, even if she didn't get first place, she would definitely be able to enter the top ten!
The Ji family's goal was to enter the top three!
They never thought that Ji Liansheng would die prematurely in front of Luo Zheng.
She didn't even get a Divine Spark Plate. She was already at the bottom of the four great families …
To the Ji family, this was a great humiliation.
And this news had probably spread to all the Sacred Lands affiliated to the Ji family by now!
"I'm sorry …"
After Ji Liansheng left the Illusory Battlefield, she flew directly to her family's Illusory Space. After looking up at the painting, she went to the Ji family's patriarch.
The Ji family's patriarch sighed. "Sigh, forget it … Liansheng, it's indeed a great pity that you were eliminated. Work hard in the future. You can still hope to become a Daoist."
Ji Liansheng nodded slightly before silently retreating.
Not far away, Ji Nan hugged her little flame cat and didn't say a word.
A few Ji family prodigies beside her carefully asked, "Sister Nan, how did you know …"
Just now, Ji Nan had predicted this outcome in advance!
At that time, Luo Zheng's defeat was almost certain …
Ji Nan shook her head. She stared at the painting and said indifferently, "I have a feeling that not only will Luo Zheng eliminate Sister Liansheng, but I'm afraid that Xuanyuan Chenfeng will also be in big trouble …"
When these words were spoken, the faces of the geniuses were filled with surprise.
Ji Liansheng was slightly weaker than Ji Luoxue, but there was a considerable gap between him and Xuanyuan Chenfeng.
Could this Luo Zheng defeat Xuanyuan Chenfeng?
Seeing their expressions, Ji Nan only smiled slightly. "It doesn't matter. Anyway, our Ji family has already lost. Let's wait and see!"
On the Heaven and Earth Chessboard, the battle continued.
Xi Youqin once again used the Little Purple River Sword Array and sealed her opponent within.
Xi Youqin won this battle.
The next battle was still not an elimination battle …
After a simple exchange of pointers, one of the two prodigies cupped his hands and admitted defeat.
In the next round, the sparring continued …
After three consecutive battles, Ji Luoxue was the one to fight.
Again, this battle was not an elimination battle.
However, Ji Luoxue's opponent, a prodigy from the demon race, was very persistent!
He refused to admit defeat!
Moreover, he displayed a strength that surprised everyone!
This strength was enough for him to stand on the second tier …
Although the demon was persistent, he could not rely on persistence to win against someone as strong as Ji Luoxue.
Under Ji Luoxue's careful planning, she finally killed the prodigy from the demon race.
"What a waste of time …"
Ji Luoxue said expressionlessly and returned to the sky.
After the fifth round, an extremely intense battle unfolded in the center of the Heaven and Earth Chessboard!
Four elimination battles occurred consecutively!
Qing Yu from the demon race eliminated a prodigy from the demon race.
Dugu Jian Xiaoxiao eliminated a prodigy from the demi-immortal race.
Xuanyuan Chenfeng eliminated a prodigy from a small race with one move.
Then, Xi Youqin eliminated a prodigy from the demon race!
In every elimination battle, one person would be eliminated …
In just a short while, four people were eliminated!
Following the tug-of-war on the Heaven and Earth Chessboard, the probability of an elimination battle greatly increased.
Three hundred cultivators were eliminated one by one, and the number of prodigies in the sky rapidly decreased!
Not long after, more than half of the three hundred cultivators were eliminated.
However, although many people were eliminated, there were not many truly intense battles.
After all, these Dao Disciples had not had a chance to fight against each other …
It was unknown whether the mysterious girl had deliberately arranged this, or whether it was a coincidence of fate, but this elimination battle entered the fast lane!
One hundred and forty-seven …
One hundred and twenty …
Seventy-seven …
30 …
11!
The top ten would all receive a Divine Lattice Plate.
However, there were 11 people here!
Luo Zheng, Xi Youqin, Xuanyuan Chenfeng, Lie Qianhan, Ji Luoxue, and Hua Tianming.
Jiang Zhengyi, Puppet Warrior, Qing Yu, Dugu Jian Xiaoxiao, and Ku Deng!
Among the 11 people, only Luo Zheng, Xi Youqin, and Ji Luoxue were not Dao Disciples. Hua Tianming was not sure.
As for the other seven people, they were Dao Disciples from various great factions. They had comprehended the Divine Dao and possessed Dao Connotation. They were the strongest among the younger generation, and they were the most favored of this era.
To determine the top ten, one person would be eliminated.
Countless cultivators in front of the Illusory Space were also focused.
Among these eleven people, who would be the first to be eliminated?
＝＝＝＝＝