From these 11 people, it could be seen that the race with the most potential in the universe was none other than Deities Thoughtless.
Lie Qianhan, Xuanyuan Chenfeng, and Ji Luoxue came from the four great families of Deities Thoughtless. Hua Tianming had also ascended to Deities Thoughtless and was considered a member of Deities Thoughtless.
They had already occupied four seats.
Only one person from the Demon Night Clan, one from the Demon Race, and one from the Ten Thousand Buddha Sacred Region remained.
The Human Alliance was probably the most miserable.
This time, only one Daozi from the Human Alliance had entered the top 300. That Daozi had been easily eliminated by Lie Qianhan not long ago, so it could be said that they had been completely wiped out.
However, Luo Zheng had ascended from the Human Alliance's Sacred Land and could be considered a member of the Human Alliance. Now, the Human Alliance could only depend on Luo Zheng's performance …
The situation on the chessboard was very delicate.
After the black chess pieces had killed the white chess pieces, they had advanced triumphantly and seized territory everywhere. Now, the black chess pieces had the absolute upper hand.
In the eyes of the many Heavenly Venerates in the universe, this had become an extremely unfavorable situation.
This chessboard had been set up since the beginning of the Evolution Era to the prosperity of the Human Race.
After the white chess pieces had been killed, the heroes had split up and established their own territories. Now …
The current passive situation on the chessboard was the future!
If the number of white chess pieces was unfavorable, it meant that the disaster this crisis would bring would be even more severe.
Based on the current situation, the Heavenly Venerates reckoned that the races of the universe would be wiped out. Even the three strongest races would suffer heavy losses.
This situation was already very unsightly!
The number of lifeforms that would be wiped out in the universe would probably be counted in the trillions.
Furthermore, the deduction on the Heaven and Earth Chessboard had yet to be completed. The situation below might be slightly reversed, or it might be even worse. If all the white pieces were thrown, it was very likely that the entire universe would be wiped out. This evolution era would end prematurely …
However, as Heavenly Venerates, they were powerless to change anything.
This was because even though their fates were difficult to calculate, they were still predetermined!
The powerhouses of the universe could only be the protagonists born in the Great Era Battle. Only they could change the fate of this era.
Of course …
Ordinary Heavenly Venerates might think this way.
Some upper level Heavenly Venerates would naturally think differently.
For example, the Old Patriarch of the Demi-Immortal Race and Yuan Venerate Original Sin …
Although these people were not born in a great era, they were still extraordinary geniuses born in a hundred million years.
The level of their exploration was a step further.
Was the fate of the Heavenly Dao really unbreakable?
Could it be that the Mandate of Heaven that an Empyrean shouldered really bound them and prevented them from becoming a True Divinity?
These rules were the iron laws of the universe, but rules were meant to be broken. At their level, the things they explored were the most fundamental mysteries of the Heavenly Dao …
The eleven people on the Heaven and Earth Chessboard quietly waited for the jade-like hand in the sky.
Not long after, that jade-like hand passed through the layers of clouds again and slowly descended. This time, it grabbed a black stone. It was Xi Youqin …
"Pa!"
In the blink of an eye, Xi Youqin was trapped on the chessboard.
Right now, victory and defeat were everywhere on the chessboard. It could be said that one wrong move could cause the entire chessboard to collapse!
However …
However, this black piece landed in an unimportant place!
A strange look appeared on everyone's faces.
What was the meaning of that jade-like hand grabbing the black piece there?
Xi Youqin was well-versed in the four arts. She stood on the chessboard and saw that this move was inappropriate. She was also surprised.
Soon, that jade-like hand reached out to another chess piece …
Deities Without Thoughts, Xuanyuan Chenfeng!
Anyone who knew that their opponent was Xuanyuan Chenfeng would have a dark expression and lament that their luck was not good.
However, at this moment, everyone was saying that Xi Youqin was lucky.
This was because the white piece had also landed in an inexplicable place …
These two pieces did not land, so it was not an elimination battle. If the two sides did not want to fight, they could just admit defeat.
Xi Youqin gently moved her chess piece and stepped on the chessboard.
For Xi Youqin, it could be said that she had already completed her master's mission by standing there.
Her master did not give her too much pressure. Furthermore, this battle was not an elimination battle …
It was very difficult for her, who had always been indolent, to be serious and show off her skills.
Therefore, the moment she stepped on the chessboard, she smiled and planned to admit defeat.
In fact, most people could guess Xi Youqin's decision. Admitting defeat in front of Xuanyuan Chenfeng was the wisest choice.
However, just as she was about to speak, Xuanyuan Chenfeng spoke first. "Miss Youqin, Chenfeng is honored to be able to exchange pointers with you here!"
"En?" Xi Youqin blinked and looked at Xuanyuan Chenfeng, who was not far away. She pursed her lips and smiled. "I don't plan to exchange pointers with you. I want to admit defeat!"
"No," Xuanyuan Chenfeng stopped her.
"Why?" Xi Youqin had a strange look on her face. She wanted to admit defeat, but she could not?
Xuanyuan Chenfeng smiled faintly. "Miss Youqin, I wonder if this chessboard represents the future of the universe?"
"Oh …" Although she vaguely knew that the Heaven and Earth Chessboard represented the overall situation, she didn't care about these things. As a little woman, she was very satisfied just to stay by her beloved man's side. These messy things in the universe had nothing to do with her at all.
However, Xi Youqin's reaction was cold. Xuanyuan Chenfeng's expression flashed slightly, and he walked a few steps to the side of the chessboard. "I, Xuanyuan Chenfeng, have not only practiced martial arts since I was young. I have also dabbled in astrology and divination … Look, this is a calamity! This is the calamity that you have created! "
Xuanyuan Chenfeng pointed to a circle of black pieces. Previously, Xi Youqin had eliminated a prodigy here.
Xi Youqin did not speak. She continued to look at Xuanyuan Chenfeng with a strange expression. She felt helpless in her heart. Telling her these things was completely irrelevant. However, at this moment, it was not convenient for her to listen to Xuanyuan Chenfeng's words.
After he finished speaking, Xuanyuan Chenfeng pointed to the other side again. "And here, there are three 'exits' and one 'kills'. They were all set up by me, Xuanyuan Chenfeng! If this place is drawn out again, it will be the connection between you and me! "
Before this, not only did Xi Youqin not understand Xuanyuan Chenfeng's words, but the others were also confused. However, after his explanation, a few people gradually understood …
Then, Xuanyuan Chenfeng suddenly raised his head and looked at the heavy clouds in the sky. It was unknown whether he was talking to Xi Youqin or the mysterious girl hidden in the Heavenly Dao. "If I didn't guess wrong, the two black and white pieces that have fallen are 'splitting the sky in two.' If this continues, it will be like the oriole catching the butterfly, the peach blossom twin stars … Haha!"
He did not say what he wanted to say next.
His words were spoken in front of everyone in the universe ….
When some wise people heard Xuanyuan Chenfeng's words, their eyes suddenly lit up!
Among them, many Empyreans looked at Xuanyuan Chenfeng with eyes full of praise.
"This child is truly worthy of being called the most outstanding person in the universe. There is no need to compete in this great era. He is already the number one person …"
"I am ashamed. As a Empyrean, I have experienced hundreds of millions of years. Just now, I missed a move and did not see as far as he did!"
"Haha, Chenfeng, my son, you really did not disappoint me!"
At the same time, the voices of several Empyreans in the universe rang out. Their words of praise spread through the entire universe through roars!
However, this voice could not be transmitted to the Illusory Battlefield. Naturally, the eleven people present could not hear it.
Xi Youqin blinked her eyes again. If it was Go, she understood. However, she did not know anything about calculating the mysterious fate through this chessboard.
"I don't know what you are talking about. Goodbye!"
While Xuanyuan Chenfeng was speaking passionately, Xi Youqin turned around and walked back to the chess piece. She could be considered to have given up on this battle.
"Wait, wait …" How could Xuanyuan Chenfeng know that Xi Youqin would turn around and leave? He opened his mouth to stop her.
Xi Youqin turned her head. Her face was very impatient. "If you want to say something, just say it. I don't know how to calculate fate!"
"What I want to say is that this chess game not only means the change in the universe, but also the fate that the eleven of us, as the main characters of the universe, are about to encounter! You and I are bound together. The role you play in the great era should be mine! " Xuanyuan Chenfeng used a very straightforward "translation" to Xi Youqin. His face was full of confidence.
Hearing this, Xi Youqin stared at Xuanyuan Chenfeng in a daze.
As for Xuanyuan Chenfeng, his face was indifferent. He was born with thick eyebrows and big eyes. His temperament was extraordinary. He was the perfect man in the hearts of thousands of girls. He wanted to see Xi Youqin's reaction.