Among the human forces, Xuanyuan Chenfeng's reputation was extremely great.
He experienced many tribulations when he was young, and he relied on his talent to obtain the recognition of the Xuanyuan Clan. He completed a much-loved counterattack and became a Dao Disciple …
However, he was all alone and did not have a beautiful woman by his side.
Who knows how many beautiful women were willing to marry him, but he was obsessed with martial arts and never looked at them.
At this moment, he confessed to Xi Youqin in front of the entire universe, and it caused an uproar!
After the picture scroll was displayed, Xi Youqin and Luo Zheng stood together. However, they were separated by chess pieces, so they did not appear too intimate.
However, the cultivators in the picture scroll saw Xi Youqin and Luo Zheng leaning against each other. They were obviously a couple.
Hence, no matter if they were eliminated or not, they all had strange expressions on their faces. This Xuanyuan Chenfeng was also very powerful. He actually said such words in front of Luo Zheng …
Xuanyuan Chenfeng's deduction might be very reasonable.
However, Xi Youqin was Luo Zheng's woman. This action was too inappropriate. Besides, there were plenty of fish in the sea. With Xuanyuan Chenfeng's status, it would not be difficult for him to have a harem of 30,000 or 300,000, let alone 3,000 …
"Hehe! Chenfeng's taste is really unique, "Lie Qianhan said to Ji Luoxue with a smile. His voice was a little harsh.
He and Ji Luoxue knew Xuanyuan Chenfeng very well. This guy was very antisocial and seemed to find it difficult to trust women. Did he take the wrong medicine today?
Ji Luoxue frowned slightly. Xuanyuan Chenfeng said that he was righteous and that he was using fate as an excuse. However, she was already taken. Even if fate really predicted it, he did not have to say it like that, right?
However, Xi Youqin did not give him any face when she said that he was crazy. After she finished speaking, she did not stop and was about to step onto the black chess piece …
"Miss Youqin, please wait." Xuanyuan Chenfeng took a step forward and swept over like a gust of wind. He arrived in front of Xi Youqin in an instant, as if he wanted to stop her from leaving.
At this moment, Xi Youqin suddenly turned around. Her long hair fluttered in the air as four sword shadows suddenly shot out!
"Zeng Zeng Zeng Zeng …"
These four sword shadows were only illusions and not real swords!
Although it was just a shadow, there was an extremely ferocious intent hidden within!
Long Vine Sword, Buddha Emperor Sword, Double Sun Sword, Heaven Fang Sword …
The four swords could form the most ferocious formation of the ancient times, the God-Slaying Sword Formation!
These four swords did not exist in this round of the Way of Heaven. When Xi Youqin was cultivating, she relied on the secret treasure of the Purple Extreme Realm — the "Array Tablet". That was how she was able to figure out this array!
When these four swords appeared, they circled around her and drew out long and thin lines. These lines were extremely hard and did not have the slightest hint of roundness. Normally, only killing formations would give birth to such lines!
Once a sword formation was set up, there would usually be a way out. Some sword formations even had more than one way out.
Therefore, many people wanted to find a way out to break a sword formation. It was also considered a flaw in the sword formation …
The person who created the sword formation did not like to leave a way out. After all, the more ways there were, the bigger the flaw. However, in order to complete the sword formation, there had to be a path of reincarnation of life and death. Only then could the front and back be connected. It could be said that there was no other choice.
For example, Xi Youqin's Little Purple River Sword Formation also had a way out. However, the Little Purple River Sword Formation used extremely fine attacks to cover the way out. It was very difficult for ordinary people to find it.
As for the God-Slaying Sword Formation, there was no way out, only a dead end. This was the so-called killing formation. This was also the reason why the God-Slaying Sword Formation could become the most ferocious formation!
When the God-Slaying Sword Formation appeared, many Celestial Venerables' faces revealed a touch of seriousness!
"How did such a person appear in the Purple Extreme Realm?"
"First-grade Purple Extreme Yin Physique … That old woman Wu Ding really caught one!"
"No wonder this woman could come here. No wonder …"
The Purple Extreme Realm's existence in the universe was not strong.
There were only women in the realm, and there were not many of them. Moreover, they had no intention of dominating, so many great forces in the universe rarely paid attention to the Purple Extreme Realm …
Although they rarely paid attention, it did not mean that they would ignore it.
After all, the Purple Extreme Realm had the inheritance of a True God. Unfortunately, this inheritance was limited to the Purple Extreme Yin Physique. Ordinary warriors could not obtain it at all. Its value was not that great.
The title of the most ferocious formation was not limited to the universe. This was for the entire Deity Realm. Otherwise, why would it be called the God-Slaying Sword Formation?
Four swords flew out. When the sword formation was formed, Xuanyuan Chenfeng's eyes suddenly released a light that was like the sun!
"Whoosh!"
Feeling the danger, Xuanyuan Chenfeng retreated in an instant!
It was a crisis between life and death …
As the First Daoist, Xuanyuan Chenfeng's perception of danger was far more sensitive than ordinary people.
Because of this sensitivity, he could feel the terror of the most ferocious formation!
In the blink of an eye, Xuanyuan Chenfeng had retreated a thousand feet away. At the same time, he entered a state of battle. His eyes were dyed with a touch of blood!
Ever since he had entered the Illusory Battlefield, Xuanyuan Chenfeng had not fought seriously.
Even when he was defeated by Lie Qianhan, it was because he was tricked by Lie Qianhan's scheme. In the end, he was killed by the Heavenly Path's rules. At that time, he did not have the chance to show his strength. Or rather, he disdained to show his true strength.
However …
Xi Youqin had just arranged a part of the God-Slaying Sword Formation, but Xuanyuan Chenfeng was so vigilant!
The Daoists on the chess pieces were silent when they saw the sword formation …
Xi Youqin's strength was not strong.
Although the Little Purple River Sword Formation was exquisite, to these Daoists, it was not worth mentioning.
Thus, they did not see Xi Youqin as a worthy opponent …
In fact, including Luo Zheng, they had the same evaluation in their hearts.
Although Luo Zheng had defeated Ji Liansheng before, Ji Liansheng's Dream Divine Path was like this. If he could not find the item to guide the dream, Ji Liansheng was invincible. If he found it, he could defeat her instantly. This was not a reflection of strength. At best, Luo Zheng's strength could be considered as a top genius. There was still a big gap between him and a Daoist.
However, after Xi Youqin displayed the God-Slaying Sword Formation, it was indeed frightening!
That fear came from the murderous intent in the God-Slaying Sword. This murderous intent could even be called a kind of Dao Accumulation! Then, did Xi Youqin also open the Mahayana Lotus Flower? Was she also a Daoist?
The four illusory swords slowly floated beside Xi Youqin. She only glanced at Xuanyuan Chenfeng, who was not far away, and said, "Don't come near me!"
After saying that, she gently jumped onto her chess piece and chose to admit defeat …
In this battle, Xi Youqin lost.
However, Xuanyuan Chenfeng remained in his original position. His expression was extremely unnatural.
Not to mention that he had so straightforwardly stated his deduced fate, he was frightened by the sword formation and retreated so far away. He was indeed in a very sorry state!
He was the first Daoist!
The strongest person among his peers. When had he ever been afraid of anyone?
However, the murderous intent that leaked out from the sword formation was too terrifying. Even now, when he thought about it, his choice was still correct.
Xuanyuan Chenfeng might not be unable to break that sword formation, but if he had been trapped in it just now, he was afraid that he would have died without a doubt. Until now, he still thought so!
This woman …
He thought that his deduction was absolutely correct.
Xi Youqin was clearly the person who was tied to him, but she did not believe it …
At this moment, he slightly raised his head and saw that there was someone looking at him from a chess piece not far away. It was Luo Zheng, who was standing tall.
Luo Zheng looked at him indifferently. His gaze was abnormally calm, but there was an indescribable feeling under the calmness.