Luo Zheng didn't have any ill feelings towards Xuanyuan Chenfeng before.
In fact, they didn't have any interactions …
But this time, he spoke to Xi Youqin in front of him. He didn't put him in his eyes at all.
Although Xi Youqin wasn't married, she was still his woman.
In many aspects, Luo Zheng was very generous. But how could he allow others to have improper thoughts towards his woman?
"What the hell!"
Xi Youqin, who was slowly floating up on a chess piece, curled her lips and said.
Although she didn't believe Xuanyuan Chenfeng's explanation of fate, she was also a little anxious. She was afraid that her fate would really play out like what Xuanyuan Chenfeng said.
Just now, Xuanyuan Chenfeng had deduced her fate on the Heaven and Earth Chessboard, but he didn't give Luo Zheng's fate. If what he said was true, then what would Luo Zheng do?
"A madman is just talking nonsense. Don't take it to heart," Luo Zheng said with a smile.
"I didn't take it to heart!" Xi Youqin playfully blinked her eyes. She was afraid that Luo Zheng would be unhappy, but when she saw Luo Zheng's relaxed expression, she was relieved.
However, she didn't know what men were thinking. In many aspects, men had to bear great pressure, but this was the only thing that couldn't be tolerated!
Luo Zheng looked very relaxed, but in his heart, he already had a cold killing intent towards Xuanyuan Chenfeng …
The first battle ended with Xi Youqin taking the initiative to lose. But because it wasn't an elimination battle, there were still 11 people left.
Soon, the second battle began.
Just as Xuanyuan Chenfeng had guessed, the two chess pieces in the second battle were still inexplicably placed. Moreover, it wasn't an elimination battle either.
At this moment, many of the chess pieces on the board were very crucial, but the black and white sides didn't tangle. Instead, they set up another battle!
This battle was the puppet battle between Lie Qianhan and the only Daoist of the Demon Clan …
The collision between the Daoists would be very intense. They only needed to take one step forward to get a God Lattice Board. Everyone was very careful.
Lie Qianhan was very strong, but the puppet battle was also a Daoist of the Demon Clan. Both sides were vigilant.
However, after leaving the arena, both sides were waiting for the other to admit defeat …
Actually, whoever admitted defeat might have an impact on the game, but it didn't have much of an impact on them.
However, martial artists who had reached this level did not want to lose their momentum!
Lie Qianhan was originally an arrogant person. Even though he knew that Xuanyuan Chenfeng was stronger than him, he still planned to kill him once. How could he be willing to admit defeat this time?
As for the Dao Disciple of the Devil Race, Xuan Zhan, admitting defeat was even more of a humiliation.
After a moment of stalemate, the two of them actually started to fight …
This was the first battle between two Daoists. Lie Qianhan immediately unleashed the Lie Family's Supreme Artifact, the Wolf Fang Shadow! This was a divine weapon that was ranked eleventh on the Universal Myriad Spirit Stele!
The puppet warrior's strength wasn't weak either. There weren't many geniuses in the Demon Race, but this puppet warrior was definitely one of the most stunning.
Fortunately, these two Daoists knew that the more intense their fight was, the more advantageous it would be for the other nine people.
If they were to encounter an elimination battle in the next round and one of them was chosen, their chances of winning would be greatly reduced when their trump cards were exposed!
In the middle of the battle, Lie Qianhan suppressed the puppet warrior …
Although the puppet warrior was unwilling to admit defeat, in order to preserve his strength, he could only choose to admit defeat at this moment.
This battle was won by Lie Qianhan.
Just as the two of them were worried, the third battle was an elimination battle, and the puppet warrior was really chosen!
When the puppet warrior was pressed onto the Heaven and Earth Chessboard again, the entire Demon Race began to curse loudly.
Just now, when the puppet battle voluntarily admitted defeat, the demons thought that the puppet battle would definitely enter the top ten. After all, the chances of the puppet battle being selected twice in a row was not high. Furthermore, if someone participated in the elimination battles and was eliminated, then they could starve. It was almost certain that the puppet battle would obtain a god lattice plate.
However, they never thought that the puppet warrior would immediately fight again after admitting defeat!
Moreover, he was facing an elimination battle!
His opponent, however, was Ku Deng, an ordinary-looking little monk with a white and clean face! The only Daoist in the Ten Thousand Buddha Sacred Realm, the reincarnation prodigy of the Hidden Spirit Mountain!
In this world, there were very few martial artists who could solve the mystery of the fetus.
Most martial artists would completely lose their memories when they were reincarnated …
However, as the largest temple in the universe, Hidden Spirit Mountain naturally had all kinds of powerful martial artists.
Ku Deng was reincarnated. He started to circulate the Heavenly Cycle when he was in the fetus, crazily absorbing the Connate True Qi. He could speak when he was born, started to cultivate when he was three months old, and broke through to the Connate Realm when he was one year old!
Ku Deng did not speak much, and his presence was very low. From the beginning to the end, very few people paid attention to him.
In the eyes of many people, Ku Deng's strength was not much stronger than Luo Zheng's, and he was at the bottom of the list.
The puppet warrior was very unhappy at first, but when he found that his opponent was the little monk, he was a little happy. It was not bad to eliminate the little monk personally.
However, no one expected that the fair and clean little monk, who did not have much presence, could kill the puppet warrior with a ray of Buddha's light within ten breaths of time. It seemed to be extremely easy!
This scene directly alerted the other Daoists. This Ku Deng had the strength to crush the other Daoists!
Inside the Hidden Forest Temple, the Buddha's light was shining, and incense was burning.
The Ten Thousand Buddha Sacred Region did not pay attention to the battle in the scroll …
On the main peak of the Hidden Forest Temple, tens of thousands of monks were neatly arranged in a huge square array, sitting cross-legged in front of the main hall in front of the main peak. Some of the monks closed their eyes, but most of them were staring at the scroll at the top of the main hall.
"Ku Deng defeated the demon Daoist …"
"It's just a demon Daoist, nothing to be proud of. Ku Deng's goal is to be in the top three, and he can even defeat the Daoist of the Xuanyuan family!"
"Amitabha, don't forget that you are a monk, don't blame the association …"
The Hidden Forest Temple was the only holy temple in the Ten Thousand Buddha Sacred Region, and all the other temples were controlled by the Hidden Soul Mountain. Although it was powerful in the universe, it was extremely low-key and rarely participated in the battles of the outside world. In these years, the Hidden Soul Mountain was very mysterious in the eyes of outsiders.
As for the demons, at this moment, they were cursing even more fiercely!
Their only Daoist, who was only one step away from obtaining the God Lattice Plate, was eliminated at this time.
It was no wonder that they were unhappy …
Looking at the picture scroll again, other than Qing Yu, the rest were all human warriors. How could the Demon Race feel at ease with this?
In order to vent their dissatisfaction, some of the Demon Realm Lords even used the extremely precious Roaring Command to roar at the entire universe!
However, no matter how dissatisfied they were, they could only stare.
After one person was eliminated, the remaining ten people would each receive a God Lattice Plate …
While everyone was rejoicing, they naturally hoped to work hard and enter the top three!
However, in the next battle, Dugu Jian Xiaoxiao fought, and his opponent was Luo Zheng …
Dugu Jian Xiaoxiao was the first to be pressed on the chessboard. When he saw that jade-like hand holding down Luo Zheng, the corners of his mouth suddenly cracked open, revealing a satisfied smile.
"My luck is not bad. I've been waiting for this moment for a long time," Dugu Jian Xiaoxiao said, staring at Luo Zheng. He was originally a petty person.
In the Karma Hall, he suffered a great loss at Luo Zheng's hands …
Previously, he was worried that someone else would eliminate Luo Zheng, but he didn't expect to meet Luo Zheng in this battle!
It was a pity that he didn't fight Luo Zheng in the previous round. Now, even if he defeated or killed Luo Zheng, he would still be able to obtain the God Lattice Plate from Luo Zheng.
Hearing Dugu Jian Xiaoxiao's words, Luo Zheng just smiled faintly and took out the Sacred Massacre Spear first. In the battle between Daoists, Luo Zheng also knew that he couldn't be careless.
＝＝＝＝＝