Dugu Jian Xiaoxiao stood in place, calmly watching Luo Zheng's movements, but there was a hint of mockery in his eyes.
In his opinion, Luo Zheng was only able to stand in front of him because of a bit of luck and the Demon Night Clan's Sacred Spear of Slaughter in his hands.
The person who forged this spear must have had some ideas. By combining the advantages of the two great Divine Trees, its power can be maximized … "The dark metal sword faintly communicated with him." However, the Four Great Divine Trees are incomparably huge. In the end, this is only a section of the Four Great Divine Trees. It only has some spirituality. A weapon born in this Heavenly Dao has an inherent deficiency. The roots of this Divine Tree can grow outside the Wall of Sighs and absorb the endless Primal Chaos Qi. Without the nourishment of the Primal Chaos Qi, the Divine Tree can only become rotten wood. Don't worry and kill him! Let him understand the true gap between us! "
Dugu Jian Xiaoxiao nodded with a smile. This dark iron sword was not only his weapon, but also his close friend and mentor. Without this sword, Dugu Jian Xiaoxiao wouldn't have everything he had now …
"This Luo Zheng seems to have a grudge with Dugu Jian Xiaoxiao?"
"Heh, I don't think Luo Zheng will win this battle. I don't think Luo Zheng is a spear user, but now he's relying on the sharpness of the Sacred Spear to kill his way up. If he encounters a truly capable Dao Child, his true colors will be revealed!"
"Dugu Jian Xiaoxiao's sword is very special. It's at least a Supreme Divine Weapon, but it hasn't left its name on the Myriad Spirit Stele …"
"Haven't you heard? Some of the truly powerful weapons in this Wheel of Heavenly Dao have surpassed the Myriad Spirit Stele's limits and haven't left their names on it! "
The Myriad Spirit Stele could only detect the weapons in this Wheel of Heavenly Dao!
It couldn't record things that were beyond the Wheel of Heavenly Dao.
This was somewhat similar to Luo Zheng's Great Wide World Will. It was impossible to find the key memories of things that were beyond that Great Wide World.
In fact, when Dugu Jian Xiaoxiao stood out in the Four Clans Tournament, many people had their eyes on his sword, including Celestial Venerables …
Dugu Jian Xiaoxiao was considered a top expert among his peers.
However, there were so many almighty experts in this Wheel of Heavenly Dao that there were naturally many who could seize his sword …
However, after coming into contact with Dugu Jian Xiaoxiao, these experts quietly chose to give up........ and pondered the reason behind this was worth pondering....
Now, most people were just here to watch the show.
.............................
In the eyes of many discerning people, the two of them relied on their weapons the most.
However, the Holy Slaughter Spear could only unleash its strongest power in Smoky's hands. Dugu Jian and Xiaoxiao were clearly superior …
According to this point of view, the majority of people were optimistic about Dugu Jian Xiaoxiao.
. As for Luo Zheng, it was already a very good result for him to stop at tenth place.
There were already too many dark horses in this round of the Dream Battlefield. Xi Youqin and Hua Tianming might be able to go further …
Most people didn't know the relationship between Luo Zheng, Hua Tianming, and Xi Youqin. They only thought that they had met in the second round.
The only one who knew that they came from the same lower realm was probably the Jade Pure Sacred Ground's Ninth Palace Master.
"Is Luo Zheng confident of winning this battle?"
The Human Alliance's Dao Disciple had already been eliminated, so the entire Alliance could only place their hopes on Luo Zheng.
Ninth Palace Master's insight was naturally much higher than Ning Yudie's. However, when she saw Luo Zheng going up against Dugu Jian Xiaoxiao, she didn't have much confidence.
Ning Yudie just silently watched her husband. She stared at Luo Zheng's calm and indifferent face and smiled slightly. "I believe that he will win."
"Is there a reason?" Ninth Palace Master stared at Ning Yudie and asked.
Ning Yudie shook her head. "No."
She didn't need a reason. She trusted him blindly.
The problem was that ever since she first met Luo Zheng, he had never disappointed her.
The battle on the chessboard of heaven and earth erupted at this moment!
Dugu wielded his sword and charged head-on toward Luo Zheng …
Many people would be wary of the Holy Spear of Slaughter. After all, this spear was too sharp. However, the dark metal sword had already hinted to Dugu that it wanted to crush Luo Zheng!
Whoosh!
That thin and small figure charged straight at Luo Zheng!
Dugu's movement technique was ordinary. It was the Plum Blossom movement technique commonly seen in Gods No Thought.
However, no one would look down on Dugu, because he was relying on that godly sword …
Just when Dugu Chong was halfway there, the dark iron sword suddenly flickered with a faint golden light. At the same time, it emitted an extremely special might!
"Kill him. Let him see the power of the Chaos Treasure!"
At this moment, the will of the dark metal sword gradually merged with Dugu Jian Xiaoxiao!
In the face of a real battle, Dugu Jian Xiaoxiao would also become a puppet. He would be controlled by the dark metal sword. However, this kind of control was voluntary. After a long period of companionship, he and the sword had become one!
"Sword of Origin Coalescence!"
In the sword light, there were wisps of gray light mixed in. The golden light was the Law of Metal. Although it was incomparably sharp, it was the gray light that was strange!
Even Xuanyuan Chenfeng and the others noticed this light. Their eyebrows suddenly jumped!
What kind of power was this!
The true teachings of the ten Daoists all came from the top experts of this universe.
Their vision was so broad that it even surpassed some of the Realm Lords of the large peripheral worlds …
Dugu Jian Xiaoxiao's sword technique did not use any tricks. The Law of Metal was sharp, but many prodigies could also control about the sixth level of the Law of Metal!
But what was that grayish light?
At the same time, in the Ji Family, after Ji Nan noticed the gray light, a small "Chuan" character appeared between her eyebrows. Her eyes were constantly flickering …
Following Ji Liansheng's defeat, the victory in the painting had nothing to do with the Ji Family.
However, most people still wanted to observe the battle between these Daoists. Even if they watched, it would be very beneficial to them if they could comprehend it deeply.
However, at this moment, Ji Nan discovered that the piece of Creation Wood in her body was extremely restless.
The source of that restlessness seemed to be due to hunger and thirst?
Why would that gray light cause her piece of Creation Wood to have such a reaction?
As for Luo Zheng, he was slightly stunned when he saw that gray light.
That was an aura that Luo Zheng was extremely familiar with, Primal Chaos!
Ever since he opened up the Primal Chaos Sea, Luo Zheng had replaced Primal Chaos Aura with Primal Chaos Aura …
The Primal Chaos Secret Technique did not have a method to use Primal Chaos Aura. However, Primal Chaos Aura was purer and more powerful than Primal Chaos Aura. It greatly increased his cultivation technique.
However, this was not a proper use after all …
Actually, this was a small oversight by Luo Zheng's master.
Even Luo Zheng's master had never thought that there would really be someone in this world who could successfully cultivate the Primal Chaos Secret Technique!
Was there any cultivation technique in the Realm of the Gods that could use Primal Chaos Aura?
Yes!
However, even a True God would die upon contact with Primal Chaos Aura. It was impossible to use it for oneself.
True Gods could not use Primal Chaos Aura, but there were two things that could be used …
One was the Four Great Divine Trees, and the other was the Primal Chaos Treasure!
Just as that lousy sword had said, the four divine trees were located in the north, south, east, and west respectively. The growth of these four divine trees depended on Primal Chaos Aura!
Their roots, which were hundreds of millions of miles long, grew outside the Wall of Sighs and continuously absorbed Primal Chaos Aura. Only the divine trees that relied on Primal Chaos Aura to nurture could support the enormous Divine Realm!
Since Primal Chaos Aura was so powerful, there would always be True Gods who coveted it.
After countless years of research, a few extremely talented almighties were born. They used Primal Chaos Aura as the source to refine Primal Chaos Treasures!
Such treasures were originally formed in Primal Chaos and could control Primal Chaos Aura to a certain extent!
Dugu Jian Xiaoxiao's dark iron sword came from the Divine Realm. It was a Primal Chaos Treasure!