Strictly speaking, the "Sword of Origin Coalescence" was not a technique from the Realm of the Gods, or rather, it was not a technique for True Gods to cultivate.
The Realm of the Gods did not have a system for cultivating the Chaos. In theory, there was no Chaos technique suitable for True Gods to cultivate, and no True Gods would create such a technique.
However, this dark iron sword was a Chaos Treasure. When it was forged, it already had the magical power to use the Chaos, which was the "Sword of Origin Coalescence."
This lousy sword did not seem to have a good temper.
Last time, Luo Zheng tricked the Dugu Jian Xiaoxiao, which was equivalent to tricking the sword …
This time, facing Luo Zheng, it used its magical power!
"This is the aura of the Chaos …"
Luo Zheng was stunned for a moment before he realized what was happening.
Now, the Sea of Chaos in Luo Zheng's body was getting thicker and thicker, and the World Tree was gradually emerging from the sea.
Because of the trial in the Illusory Battlefield, Luo Zheng had a vague feeling of a breakthrough. If he could break through to the Extreme Divine Realm, perhaps the Sea of Chaos would gradually solidify …
The Chaos originally existed in the form of aura.
Back then, Luo Zheng had learned about it when he saw his Master roaming the Chaos through those books.
But now, Luo Zheng's cultivation was gradually liquefying the Chaos and solidifying it. How far would the Inner World evolve?
The problem now was …
This Dugu Jian Xiaoxiao also controlled the Chaos?
Didn't his Master say that no one had successfully cultivated the Secret Technique of Chaos since ancient times?
Even a powerful figure like his Master could not cultivate the Secret Technique of Chaos. How could this guy in front of him use a technique that contained the Chaos?!
"Retreat!"
Puzzled, Luo Zheng chose to retreat immediately.
This Sword of Origin Coalescence was extremely ingenious!
He did not seem to transform the Chaos into Vital Essence, but directly merged the Chaos Qi and the Metal Elemental Law into one!
"Swish, swish, swish, swish …"
As Luo Zheng kept retreating, the golden and gray lights kept extending and shooting toward Luo Zheng …
The golden lights were fine, and Luo Zheng's Divine Artifact Body could resist some of them. However, the gray lights, stimulated by the Metal Elemental Law, seemed to be able to penetrate everything!
"Whoosh!"
"Puff!"
At this moment, a golden light and a gray light pierced toward Luo Zheng's body!
The golden light could not break through Luo Zheng's Physical Elemental Law …
However, the gray light easily pierced through Luo Zheng, leaving a round bloody hole in his body. The flesh and blood in the bloody hole seemed to have melted away in an instant!
"Eight Zigzag Flying Smoke!"
At this moment, Luo Zheng's mind raced …
The Chaos Qi was Luo Luo Zheng, Luo Luo Zheng.
Previously, Luo Zheng's use of the Chaotic Qi was limited to the Heavenly Demon God Fist, which allowed the Chaotic Qi to have the ability to devour and transform.
Of Luo Luo Zheng, Luo, Luo Luo, Luo Luo Luo Luo Luo Luo Luo. Luo Zheng, Luo, to Luo Luo. Luluo Zheng,, Luo Zheng Luo Luo Luo. Luo Zheng, Luo of Luo, Luo, Luo
After all, Luo Luo's Master could roam the endless Chaos. But the Primal Chaos Secret Technique did not mention this characteristic …
Now that he saw the Primal Chaos Return to One Sword, Luo Zheng was reminded of something!
Why did he neglect the essentials and focus on trifles? Why did he transform Chaos into Vital Essence?
What if he directly stimulated the power of Chaos?
Luo Zheng also cultivated the Metal Elemental Law. He had already comprehended the fifth level of the Metal Elemental Law, the Golden Shield …
But to Luo Zheng, it was better than nothing. It was not as good as his body, so he rarely used it.
"Run, haha. Let's see where you can run to. Weren't you very cool in the Karma Hall?"
Dugu Jian Xiaoxiao waved her broken sword and chased after Luo Zheng. From afar, Dugu Jian Xiaoxiao looked like a hedgehog. Golden and gray light shot out from her broken sword. They were sharp thorns that pressed toward Luo Zheng!
Although the Heaven and Earth Chessboard was huge, its surface area was limited …
To these Dao Disciples, it would take them no more than a breath to charge across this 100,000 feet long chessboard.
Before long, Luo Zheng would be forced into a corner. The final result was obvious. No matter how strong his body was, it would be pierced by the two-colored light …
"Luo Zheng is going to lose." Xuanyuan Chenfeng glanced indifferently, then closed his eyes. He was thinking of a way to break the gray light …
Ji Luoxue curled her lips. "What a pity …"
"He fell into such a situation with one move. Not exciting," Lie Qianhan commented.
The battle between Luo Zheng and Dugu Jian Xiaoxiao was indeed not exciting. Dugu Jian Xiaoxiao had used the Primal Chaos Return to One Sword to break the problem. She went straight for Luo Zheng, and Luo Zheng did not seem to be able to resist at all.
"Like I said, Luo Zhen's strength is not bad. But compared to a real Dao Disciple, the gap is too big!"
"Even if he loses, he can still get the Divine Spark Plate! Hehe, if he's lucky one day, maybe there will be a Divine Spark in the Immortal Abode. Won't he become a True God right away? "
"I can only say that this guy's luck is good. I'm so envious …"
In many people's eyes, as an ascender, Luo Zheng was already extremely lucky to have reached this stage.
Which of the core geniuses and even the prodigies of those large factions was worse than Luo Zheng? But they had already been eliminated long ago. They could only watch from the sidelines.
It was Luo Zheng's honor to be defeated by Dugu Jian Xiaoxiao …
Xi Youqin stood on the chessboard, while Ning Yudie stood gracefully in the Jade Pure Sacred Land. Both of them were watching their husband.
They did not believe that their husband would be defeated so easily until the last moment.
Hua Tianming's eyes flashed with a faint light. "We haven't fought yet. You won't lose!"
"Puff!"
Even though Luo Zheng used the Eight Winding Smoke Technique to dodge the rays of light that looked like hedgehogs, there were still times when he was hit.
Normally, when a weapon entered the body and was pulled out, it would leave behind a long and thin wound. However, when this sharp gray light pierced into the body, it would leave behind a round and bloody hole. The flesh and blood in that area would completely disappear. This wound looked ghastly, and blood was crazily gushing out like a fountain.
"Hahaha, give up. You should be glad that this isn't the outside world. You can save your dog life!" The expression on Dugu's face grew crazier and crazier. After the broken sword merged with Dugu Jian Xiaoxiao's body, its thoughts had changed.
Under such pressure, Luo Zheng retreated from the Heaven Origin on the chessboard and retreated behind the two stars. Finally, he arrived at the edge of the Heaven and Earth Chessboard! His blood flowed out, leaving a ghastly bloody line on the chessboard.
At this moment, Luo Zheng had nowhere to retreat …
Dugu Jian Xiaoxiao carried the broken sword and took large strides forward. His face was filled with malevolence.
In Dugu's view, Luo Zheng was already doomed. There was no way he could escape!
Even a True God would pale at the mention of the Primal Chaos. To deal with a Divine Ocean Realm warrior in this universe, it should be said that there was no need to use a butcher's knife to kill a chicken!
According to the broken sword's plan, under normal circumstances, it wouldn't personally attack. Dugu Jian Xiaoxiao still needed to temper herself. But at this moment, facing Luo Zheng, it really wanted to avenge Dugu Jian Xiaoxiao's humiliation. That was why it personally attacked and used such a violent method to kill Luo Zheng!
"Die!"
Dugu Jian Xiaoxiao was really about to activate the Sword of Origin Coalescence …
One could imagine that in the next moment, Luo Zheng's body would be filled with countless bloody holes.
But at this moment, Luo Zheng slightly raised the double-pointed spear and pointed it at Dugu Jian Xiaoxiao. A faint smile suddenly appeared on his face.
Seeing Luo Zheng's smile, Dugu Jian Xiaoxiao's face was slightly puzzled. If she was in Luo Zheng's situation, she definitely wouldn't be able to smile!
If she could smile, then she must have a backup plan.
But what kind of backup plan could this guy have?
What hadn't this broken sword from the Realm of the Gods seen before?
In this universe, what kind of cultivation technique could break his Origin Returning to One?
But soon, Dugu Jian Xiaoxiao understood …
Above the double-pointed spear's tip, there was also a hint of gold …
Dugu Jian Xiaoxiao knew that this was the Metal Law condensed from True Essence. It was only at the early fifth level, not worth mentioning! If the Metal Law in this universe wanted to block its Sword of Origin Coalescence, it would need to be at least at the eighth level!
However, after the flash of gold appeared, a grey light condensed at the same time!