The Mixed Elements Return to One Sword displayed by this broken sword was not the true complete version.
If this sword was at its peak, it could condense Yin and Yang energies. With Yin and Yang energies as the foundation, it could condense a "chaotic hole," and the gray light condensed from the chaotic energy would be born from the chaotic hole …
However, after this sword was damaged, its power had fallen to rock bottom, not to mention that the sword was wielded by a Divine Sea Realm martial artist!
In the end, it came up with an alternative plan!
With the Metal Law as the foundation, it could replace the chaotic hole …
However, the Metal Law had weakened a lot, and the Origin Coalescence Sword was not as powerful as before.
However, it was still too easy to kill Luo Zheng with this method …
Even a Real God would be afraid of the power contained in the Chaotic Qi. Even though it had been weakened countless times, how could a little guy at the Divine Sea Realm resist it?
However, this broken sword had witnessed such an unbelievable scene.
Luo Zheng's spear also used the Metal Law as the foundation and condensed a gray light!
Origin Coalescence Sword …
The Metal Law at the tip of the spear was not worth mentioning.
However, what was the meaning of this gray light?
Chaotic energy?
This broken sword had been passed down from the God Realm, so it naturally knew how terrifying the chaotic energy was.
Everything returned to chaos, and chaos was the foundation of all living things. It was also the grave of all living things. Even now, the study of chaos had not been completely thorough …
In order to use the chaotic energy, the True Gods of the God Realm had studied it for countless years, but to no avail.
However, one of the Divine Sea Refiners had taken a different path!
He gave up the Primordial Astral Treasure refining path and switched to the chaotic energy refining path.
As a result, there was another path for refining treasures in the universe. Since then, the two major refining methods had parted ways. One was the Primordial Treasure, the other was the Primordial Treasure!
Only the Primordial Treasure could directly use the chaotic energy …
The guy in front of it was a living human! A Divine Sea Realm junior of the human race!
How could he use the chaotic energy?
At this moment, the shock of the broken sword could be imagined …
Luo Zheng was able to successfully cultivate the Primordial Chaos Secret Technique in the past. It was actually a coincidence.
In fact, the reason why Luo Zheng's master created the Primordial Chaos Secret Technique was that he was inspired by the Primordial Treasure refining method.
In the God's Domain, Luo Zheng's Master was not the only one who had thought of this.
To put it bluntly, it was just transforming the Primal Chaos Qi into True Essence for cultivation.
When one cultivated true essence, they would be able to open up an inner world. However, this inner world was formed by true essence. Once the matter left the body, it would have to return to the world, so it would dissipate. Once the living beings left the body, they would die.
Chaos energy was the origin of all things. If that was the case, then an inner world constructed from chaos would be a true inner world!
Many True Gods had already come to this conclusion!
Unfortunately, there were all kinds of strange physiques in this world, but none of them could contain Primal Chaos Qi!
The only things that could contain Chaotic Qi were some special magic treasures, such as the broken sword that was a Chaos Supreme Treasure …
Therefore, it was useless to create a cultivation method like the Primal Chaos Secret Technique.
It was equivalent to creating a peerless divine arrow, but not having a good bow that could shoot it.
However, Luo Zheng's Master was omnipotent. In the end, he created the peerless divine arrow called the Primal Chaos Secret Technique. In the end, he encountered Luo Zheng's "bow" and shot the arrow, becoming the first person to control Primal Chaos Qi …
Luo Zheng's Master had never thought of such a coincidence.
Luo Zheng himself did not know either.
At this moment, after Luo Zheng's train of thought was connected, he used the same method to release Mixed Elements Become One through the spear in his hand!
This move was powered by the Metal Elemental Law, so it could not be called Mixed Elements Become One. It could only be called "Metal Elemental Become One." However, the name was not important. What was important was the power of this spear!
The Metal Elemental Law might not be enough.
However, the Primal Chaos Qi in Luo Zheng's body was much more solid than that broken sword!
"Weng weng weng …"
The golden light that blossomed from the tip of the Holy Spear of Slaughter was constantly buzzing!
This broken sword was not afraid of the golden light!
Back in the Karma Hall, it had helped Dugu Jian Xiaoxiao resist the corrosion of the Heavenly Dao's rules. It could have protected her from death!
However, it was the gray light contained within the golden light that made its mind tremble …
The gray light that erupted from Dugu Jian Xiaoxiao's sword and the gray light that pierced out from Luo Zheng's spear converged in an instant!
"Heh …"
A faint smile appeared on Luo Zheng's face.
The Primal Chaos Qi had another special characteristic. It was a special characteristic that Luo Zheng had bestowed upon it through his own adaptations — devouring.
At the moment of the collision, the countless experts in front of the scroll and the ten Daoists in the scroll saw Dugu Jian Xiaoxiao's gray light begin to shrink rapidly, while Luo Zheng's gray light also began to shrink rapidly …
As the gray light decreased and the gray light increased, it naturally shot toward Dugu Jian Xiaoxiao!
At this moment, the broken sword's mind was filled with questions. It had already completely sealed off Dugu Jian Xiaoxiao's soul and taken control of her physical body in all aspects.
Facing Luo Zheng, it felt a great sense of danger. At this moment, it could not afford to be distracted in the slightest!
However, even though it knew that it could not afford to be distracted, it could not help but ponder. Why did Luo Zheng possess the Primal Chaos Qi?
This cultivation technique was probably nothing in this universe. The fellows under the Heavenly Dao were not knowledgeable enough and probably did not understand the Primal Chaos Qi.
However, if it was thrown into the Realm of the Gods, it would probably cause the True Gods to boil with excitement!
The path of True Essence had already evolved to the peak in the Realm of the Gods. There was no possibility of further advancement.
However, the True Gods of the Realm of the Gods did not have enough understanding of the Primal Chaos Qi. If this guy could really use the Primal Chaos Qi, it would probably bring about a revolution in the Realm of the Gods.
However, this broken sword did not see through Luo Zheng's Dharma treasure body.
After stepping into the Divine Tool, Luo Zheng's physical body had become more and more complete. However, it had concealed the aura of the weapon.
Even if the Primal Chaos Secret Art spread throughout the Realm of the Gods, it was likely that no one would be able to cultivate it …
On the Chessboard of Heaven and Earth, the roles of the two had been switched!
Previously, it had been the Dugu Jian Xiaoxiao who had chased Luo Zheng all the way with the sword in her hand, forcing Luo Zheng into a corner of the chessboard.
Just as Luo Zheng was about to be killed, the situation had completely reversed. Now, it was Luo Zheng who was chasing after the Dugu Jian Xiaoxiao!
"This Luo Zheng is also controlling the Primal Chaos Qi! This … what exactly happened to him? "The old Patriarch of the Demi-Immortal Clan muttered to himself.
The broken sword had thought that none of the martial artists in this universe would recognize the Primal Chaos Qi. However, it had underestimated the experts of this universe.
In this universe, aside from the supreme divine tools on the Universal Myriad Spirit Stele, there were also treasures that surpassed supreme divine tools that were not on the list …
The Heavenly Dao could no longer use the Laws to detect the existence of these treasures. However, the Universal Myriad Spirit Stele relied on the Law of Karma to collect the rankings of all the treasures and even categorize them into different grades.
In this universe, aside from the broken sword, there were also two Primal Chaos Treasures and two Grandmist Treasures. One of the Primal Chaos Treasures had fallen into the hands of the old Patriarch.
From the moment the Dugu Jian Xiaoxiao had stabbed out with the Chaos Origin Coalescence Sword, the several Celestial Venerables had begun to pay attention to the broken sword. Previously, they had never imagined that the broken sword would actually be a Primal Chaos Treasure.
What was even more unexpected was that …
Luo Zheng's final stab also contained the Primal Chaos Qi!
Ordinary martial artists simply couldn't see through the mystery behind it. They only thought that Luo Zheng had suddenly displayed his might and unexpectedly chased after the Dugu Jian Xiaoxiao to turn the tables.
However, as to why Luo Zheng had turned the tables and turned the situation around, these martial artists simply couldn't understand.
The several Celestial Venerables understood the reason behind it, but understanding didn't mean that they could understand the whole story. Just like the Dugu Jian Xiaoxiao's broken sword, they had no idea where Luo Zheng had obtained the Primal Chaos Qi!
"Could there be a Primal Chaos Sea inside this little guy's body?"
The Deities Without Thought Heavenly Venerables guessed as a thought flashed through his mind.
This guess was relatively close to the truth, but also extremely unreasonable. How could this Luo Zheng possess a Primal Chaos Sea …
"Wait, wait …"
Dugu Jian Xiaoxiao suddenly spoke up as he retreated. From the looks of it, he was about to give up resisting.
Luo Zheng gripped his spear and coldly stared at the Dugu Jian Xiaoxiao. "What are you waiting for?"
"Where did the Primal Chaos Qi you use come from?!" Dugu Jian Xiaoxiao couldn't help but ask. At this moment, the Dugu Jian Xiaoxiao's soul had been completely sealed, so the one speaking was the broken sword.
＝＝＝＝＝