The Primal Chaos Secret Technique involved his master and even the secret of his own body. How could he easily reveal it to his opponent?
Just now, when he saw the Mixed Elements Return to One Sword, he had a flash of inspiration and imitated it in the same way.
The effect was very shocking.
In this way, the method displayed by the Dugu Jian Xiaoxiao's broken sword could be considered as opening a door for Luo Zheng, giving Luo Zheng another path of enlightenment.
Luo Zheng just smiled indifferently. "I picked it up!"
After saying that, the spear suddenly advanced with the momentum of a flood dragon!
The Holy Slaughter Spear was originally indestructible. Perhaps it could not match this Primal Chaos Treasure, but its destructive power was also shocking!
Not to mention that the spear light contained the Law of Metal and the gray light born from the Primal Chaos Qi.
Even though Luo Zheng had forced the Dugu Jian Xiaoxiao into a desperate situation, she had never given up …
This sword was also an object with a great history in the Realm of the Gods!
It had accompanied its former master for tens of billions of years. It was just that in the battle of Spirit Mountain, its former master had died in battle, and it had been severely damaged, so it had become a lifeless broken sword.
The ultimate goal of this sword was to let the Dugu Jian Xiaoxiao continue to grow and eventually become a True God. Then, it would bring it back to the Realm of the Gods, repair it, and complete its revenge!
That was why it had paid such a huge price to sneak into this Illusory Battlefield and help the Dugu Jian Xiaoxiao to stand here …
The top ten only had a single God Lattice Plate.
As an object of the Realm of the Gods, it certainly knew that the God Spark Plate was the foundation of becoming a True God. It did not mean that one could become a True God with the God Spark Plate. There were too many conditions to truly cultivate the body of a True God …
Therefore, the further it helped the Dugu Jian Xiaoxiao to go, the greater the possibility of success.
Now that it had been defeated by this boy, how could this sword not be reconciled?
And all its unwillingness was reflected on the Dugu Jian Xiaoxiao's face.
"Do you really think … you've won?"
Seeing Luo Zheng's spear fiercely thrusting towards her, Dugu Jian Xiaoxiao raised her sword horizontally and gently lowered it …
Dugu's action was as if he was placing the sword on a sword rack. Just like that, he placed the sword in the air while he continuously retreated backwards!
After taking two steps back, Dugu's body fell to the ground with a loud thud. His eyes were tightly shut, and he was unconscious!
As for that broken sword, it suddenly spiraled in the air and headed straight for Luo Zheng.
This sword was actually able to defend itself against the enemy …
Victory or defeat in this arena was determined by one side being killed or one side admitting defeat.
After being controlled by the sword, Dugu Jian Xiaoxiao's soul fell into a deep sleep. It was as if Luo Zheng was fighting with the sword, while his opponent, Dugu Jian Xiaoxiao, was lying on the ground …
"Wow, what method did Dugu Jian Xiaoxiao use? This is using perception to control the sword! "
"I think Dugu Jian Xiaoxiao has fainted. How can she use perception?"
"Something's not right. Why do I feel like the sword is the main character?"
Most people didn't know the inside story …
Back then, Dugu Jian Xiaoxiao had attracted the attention of some powerhouses from Gods No Thought. The four great families had also personally asked about it.
Even the Original Sin Heavenly Venerable had personally asked about it because he wanted to take the sword …
However, the sword's response was very firm. Although it wanted to return to the Realm of the Gods, it was a chaotic treasure of the Realm of the Gods. It absolutely couldn't be controlled by anyone. Even a Heavenly Venerable couldn't control it!
It had always been the sword that chose its master, not the other way around!
If someone from Gods No Thought attacked Dugu Jian Xiaoxiao, it would choose to seal itself. At that time, it would be nothing more than scrap metal.
In the end, Dugu Jian Xiaoxiao was a martial artist from Gods No Thought. Since the sword's attitude was so firm, the four great families quietly suppressed this matter and no longer had any ideas about the sword. Otherwise, with Dugu Jian Xiaoxiao's cultivation and strength, such a divine object would have been snatched away by others long ago.
Only a few people knew about this matter. Naturally, outsiders didn't know.
"Clang!"
Even if this sword was just a broken sword, it was still a chaotic treasure from the Realm of the Gods.
Killing Dugu Jian Xiaoxiao was easy, but to destroy this sword? That was simply impossible …
Luo Zheng's spear thrust out. The golden gray spear light stabbed into the sword's body, but there was only a long and crisp sound. The longsword trembled for a moment, then circled around Luo Zheng's back and strangled the back of Luo Zheng's head!
Since it didn't need to protect Dugu Jian Xiaoxiao, this sword was somewhat unrestrained!
Luo Zheng's reaction was extremely fast. The tip of his spear slid along the ground, leaving a thin mark. Then, he suddenly flicked it backward!
The Metal Element Law bloomed!
"Metal Element Unification!"
This move, which he had learned on the spot, was also extremely powerful!
Moreover, Luo Zheng had no choice but to do so. This sword was too powerful. Even if he had the body of a Divine Artifact, he would still be beheaded by this sword!
"Clang!"
A crisp sound rang out. The golden gray spear light once again bounced off the broken sword!
Now, Luo Zheng's back was facing Dugu Jian Xiaoxiao, and he was facing the broken sword …
But just as the spear bounced off the broken sword, the sword circled around in the air again. From the surface of the sword, a faint color appeared. At the same time, the entire sword began to vibrate slowly. As the sword vibrated, a frightening Dao Connotation spread out.
Although this Dao Connotation was incomparably weak, it was still a complete Dao Connotation. It was far from being comparable to the Dao Connotations of the other Daoists!
Hua Tianming, who had been observing the situation on the chessboard, suddenly widened his eyes. Cracks began to appear on the scabbard on his back!
"Pa, pa …"
This scabbard was made of dragon skin. Attached to the surface of the scabbard were rings of black tendons!
But at this moment, the dragon tendons were stretched and snapped. The long sword in the scabbard was like a wild beast, trying to break free!
Hua Tianming stretched out his hand and pressed on the sword's hilt. His eyes flickered with a strange light. He said softly, "Calm down, calm down …"
Under his comforting words, the restlessness of the sword gradually dissipated.
Such a powerful aura spread out. The other eight Daoists on the Heaven and Earth Chessboard all had different expressions.
Lie Qianhan and Xuanyuan Chenfeng's eyes were incomparably solemn …
Their goal was to obtain first place. Naturally, they had to pay attention to their potential opponents.
Dugu Jian Xiaoxiao had already displayed her skills in Gods No Thought. But at that time, she was still not a threat to them …
But they did not expect this sword to be so powerful!
Qing Yu from the Fiend Night Clan was silent. She did not have much of a reaction to this scene.
Ku Deng from the Ten Thousand Buddha Sacred Region put his palms together. The Buddhist Jade Beads in his hand slowly rotated in his palm. He only said softly, "Amitabha …"
As for Xi Youqin, her face was full of worry. She pursed her lips. If Luo Zheng was eliminated, she would immediately admit defeat and go to Huan Yu to find Luo Zheng.
When this aura suddenly erupted, the sword did not give Luo Zheng much time to think. It suddenly pierced towards Luo Zheng!
However, at this moment, Luo Zheng had a faint smile on his face.
He suddenly held the long spear horizontally. The finger behind his back gently flicked, and a thin wind blade shot out. The wind blade was not aimed at the broken sword, but at Dugu Jian Xiaoxiao behind him!
"Puff!"
Dugu Jian Xiaoxiao was still unconscious and had no strength to resist. Naturally, the wind blade that Luo Zheng flicked from his fingertips could not block it.
He was going to easily take Dugu Jian's head …
At the same time, the broken sword arrived in an instant. In the end, it stopped abruptly in front of Luo Zheng's chest and could not move an inch further!
"Luo Zheng wins this battle! Dugu Jian Xiaoxiao loses … "
The mysterious girl's voice rang out at this moment.
The rules of this Chessboard of Heaven and Earth were to kill the opponent or admit defeat.
Luo Zheng was not completely confident that he could block this sword. However, there was no need for him to do so. He only needed to kill Dugu Jian Xiaoxiao behind him to win. However, Luo Zheng had used a trick.
"Buzz buzz buzz …"
The broken sword vibrated crazily in front of Luo Zheng's chest. It seemed to be very unwilling and determined to assassinate Luo Zheng …
However, the mysterious girl was watching. With the rules set, how could she let Luo Zheng be assassinated?