The chess pieces on the Heaven and Earth Chessboard were the black and white chess pieces.
An ordinary chessboard had 19 vertical and horizontal lines, which were 361 points. There were 181 black chess pieces and 180 white chess pieces.
In theory, there were 361 battles, which was enough to fill the entire chessboard.
However, there were 36 vertical and horizontal lines on the Heaven and Earth Chessboard, which was 1,296 points.
The previous 300 cultivators had been eliminated, so there were 290 elimination battles. The number of non-elimination battles was several times more than the elimination battles! Adding the two together, there were 803 battles …
However, after these 803 battles, the situation on the Heaven and Earth Chessboard was still unclear!
In the previous era, this situation did not occur.
In the previous era, the mysterious girl's self-play was already a foregone conclusion. After only 726 battles, the white chess pieces already had an irreversible advantage.
The clearer the situation on the Heaven and Earth Chessboard was, the easier it was to calculate …
The situation of the black and white chess pieces was still chaotic, so the mysterious girl started a cycle system.
In fact, the Celestial Venerables who had analyzed the situation on the Heaven and Earth Chessboard had many doubts.
There were only five battles left among the 10 people, and one of them had a bye. Then, among the six people, three more chess pieces could be played.
Although there were many winning and losing moves on the chessboard, the remaining moves were not enough to fill the Heaven and Earth Chessboard …
When the rules were announced, Dugu Jian Xiaoxiao and his long sword flew into the sky and landed on a chess piece.
At this moment, Dugu slowly woke up and looked at Luo Zheng on the chessboard. He was still in a daze and had no idea what had happened.
"Lost," the broken sword said to Dugu.
"Lost! Didn't I get eliminated … "Dugu Jian Xiaoxiao's face darkened.
"There's still a chance …"
"Yes!"
Dugu Jian Xiaoxiao and this sword were like lips and teeth.
He treated this sword as his teacher, and this sword treated him as family.
Even if he was occasionally controlled by this sword, Dugu Jian Xiaoxiao did not mind. He knew very well that if it were not for this divine sword, he would not be where he was today.
"What a pity …" Hua Tianming shook his head lightly.
He knew that Luo Zheng should have other ways to deal with this sword, but Luo Zheng still used a trick.
However, Luo Zheng was not wrong. Before the final battle, preserving his strength as much as possible was also a tactic …
Luo Zheng was not the only one doing this. Every Dao Disciple present was doing the same.
The cycle system could accurately determine the level of strength, and at the same time, reduce everyone's psychological pressure.
The next battle …
That jade-like hand gently fluttered and landed on Qing Yu's chess piece, while the other jade-like hand grabbed Ji Luoxue.
This battle began between the two women!
"It's finally Ji Luo …"
"Rumor has it that her Five Elements Divine Dao has yet to be fully comprehended. In terms of strength, she should be slightly inferior to Lie Qianhan, right?"
"I'm Xiaoxiao" Xiaoxiao Hua, Xiaoxiao "Xiaoxiao" "Xiaoxiao"
The name Ji Luoxue was extremely famous in [Gods No Thought] as well …
After all, she could be considered half a Dao Disciple of the Ji Family, so her background naturally went without saying. The Ji Family was ranked second among the four great families, second only to the Xuanyuan Family. Coupled with her extremely perfect appearance and figure, she could be considered the dream lover of countless cultivators.
However, most of them had only heard of her. Ji Luo Xue cultivated in the Ji Family all day long, so most people had only heard of her name but had never seen her in person. Now that they had seen her, she naturally attracted the attention of the entire human race …
At this moment, Ji Luo Xue slowly stepped down from the chessboard. On her small almond-shaped face, a pair of piercingly cold eyes seemed to be able to freeze one's soul. A graceful and imposing aura emanated from her body …
Outside the painting, many men couldn't help but have vulgar thoughts when they saw such a beauty.
But as the aura was released, it caused their hearts to tremble, and those wretched and messy thoughts instantly disappeared.
On one side, Ji Luo Xue was devastatingly beautiful, but on the other side, Qing Yu was also a peerless beauty.
Soft Whisper's wavy hair draped over her shoulders, and her entire body exuded a vigorous vitality. Every movement she made seemed to exude a rich life force. Her dark green leather armor tightly clasped around her body, accentuating her impressive figure …
Ji Luo Xue stood there elegantly, but after Qing Yu stepped down from the chessboard, she walked towards Ji Luo Xue of her own accord.
Clap, clap, clap …
Her knee-high leather boots clicked on the chessboard, and a graceful and luxurious smile appeared on her slightly round oval face. "You're Ji Luo Xue, right?"
Ji Luo Xue tilted her head slightly and stared at the woman from the Yao Night Clan.
Qing Yu?
She had never heard of such a Dao Disciple in the Yao Night Clan. She seemed to have appeared out of thin air …
This woman's gaze made her feel very uncomfortable.
It was the gaze of someone who had been in a position of power for a long time.
Ji Luo Xue could only feel this gaze when she faced the seniors of the four great families, or even the Ji Family's ancestor.
"I'm Ji Luo Xue," she replied coldly.
Qing Yu smiled faintly. "You're a good seedling. Your Dao foundation is very stable, and if you really enter the Five Elements Divine Dao, you'll probably advance rapidly. However …"
"Thank you for the compliment. We can begin now." Ji Luo Xue coldly interrupted Qing Yu. She really hated this woman's tone. It was as if she was judging her from a higher position.
"I'm not done yet. It's very impolite." Qing Yu shook her head.
"Hmph!"
With Ji Luo Xue's arrogant personality, how could she possibly listen to this woman? She took the first step forward …
"Hualala …"
A piercing chill suddenly spread from Ji Luo Xue's body!
The light of the Five Elements Laws shimmered from the Five Elements Finger Chain in her hand. As she charged forward, her slender fingers transformed into sharp claws and swept towards Qing Yu!
"Five Elements Sky Severing Claws!"
The current Ji Luo Xue was completely different from the Ji Luo Xue Luo Zheng had encountered back then …
At that time, Ji Luo Xue had split into two with a single thought, and her strength had been greatly reduced!
At this moment, she attacked with the ultimate technique of the Ji Family's ancestor!
Cough! Cough!
An ear piercing tearing sound resounded from the space beside Qing Yu!
The space was like a piece of paper that was torn apart by the invisible Sky Severing Claws, and the claw mark stretched all the way towards Qing Yu …
If Qing Yu was swept by this claw, her entire body would be torn into pieces!
However, Qing Yu only smiled at Ji Luo Xue. That smile was like a blooming daffodil that caused one's heart to flutter!
After that, she stretched out a hand.
To be precise, it was a finger …
This finger stood in the air and blocked the Five Elements Sky Severing Claws!
Crack! Crack! Crack!
A cracking sound resounded, and the claw mark instantly disintegrated.
When she saw this scene, Ji Luo Xue's expression changed. The tip of her foot lightly tapped on the chessboard, and her skirt fluttered lightly. Her body moved horizontally, and she once again clawed down from above!
Qing Yu still raised her wrist and placed her flawless white hand above her head. She stretched out her slender finger and blocked before her forehead. It was as if the sun was too bright and she wanted to block it.
She once again used a finger to block Ji Luo Xue's attack.
This scene not only caused Ji Luo Xue's expression to change, but also caused the entire Ji Family to seethe with excitement.
"Five Elements Sky Severing Claws … Even Xuanyuan Chenfeng couldn't block it so easily!"
"Who on earth is Qing Yu?"
"Due to the internal strife in the Demon Night Clan, there haven't been any outstanding geniuses in the past few years! How did one appear out of nowhere? "
In the past few years, the two kings of the Demon Night Clan had been fighting each other. Although it didn't affect the clan's foundation, it wasn't as prosperous as it used to be. The most obvious thing was that the number of geniuses in the clan had drastically decreased. This great era had descended, and geniuses from the various clans had appeared out of nowhere. However, the Demon Night Clan was the opposite. The geniuses they had produced couldn't compete with the other clans at all.
Now that one had suddenly appeared, the Ji Family was extremely puzzled …
"I said it, but I haven't finished. Do you want to continue listening?" Qing Yu stubbornly repeated herself. It was as if she wouldn't attack until she finished speaking.
Ji Luo Xue frowned slightly. He stared at Qing Yu and asked, "What do you want to say?"