No matter who it was, they would be extremely displeased to hear such condescending words.
It sounded like an admonishment, but it was actually a blatant provocation.
At this moment, the atmosphere in the Ji Family had already exploded!
The discussions, curses, and roars could almost lift the roof of the main hall below the scroll …
"This bitch seems to specialize in the Law of Life? She's a Daoist of the Fiend Night Clan. What kind of Divine Dao does she cultivate? "
"Speaking to our Luoxue in such a tone, she doesn't think she's some big shot, does she?"
"Luoxue's strength isn't bad. Before the Illusory Battlefield, she brought Black Snow into the Holy Altar to cultivate the Five Elements Reincarnation. Even if she encountered Xuanyuan Chenfeng, they would only be evenly matched! How can this bitch be so arrogant? "
Ji Luoxue had placed all of the Ji Family's hopes on her.
Even if she hadn't fully bloomed her lotus flower, her achievements after becoming a Daoist would definitely not be weaker than Xuanyuan Chenfeng and Lie Qianhan …
Although the Ji Family was only one of the families in the Gods No Thoughts, it was still a major force in the universe that couldn't be ignored!
How could they tolerate this woman treating the pride of the Ji Family in such a manner?
Even the Ji Family's ancestor behind the crowd had a fierce look on his face as he stared at the scroll …
With Ji Luoxue's personality, killing intent flashed in her soul-stirring eyes when she heard those words.
However, that killing intent only flashed for a moment before quickly fading away. Boundless coldness appeared in her eyes once again.
As a prodigy of the Ji Family, how stable was her state of mind?
How could she be pushed to the brink of losing her composure just because of a few words …?
After thinking for a moment, Ji Luoxue said indifferently, "There are trillions of cultivators participating in this great battle. Almost all of the Divine Ocean Realm cultivators in the universe are participating … Some of them became cannon fodder and were slaughtered at will. Some can only be used as stepping stones. Even more can only choose between life and death to prove their own martial dao.
"Everyone has their own goals. I carry the Ji Family's hopes on me! Since I've already come this far, I naturally don't mind climbing one more step! "
"If that's the case, why admit defeat?"
Ji Luoxue's voice was clear and cold, powerful and resonant!
Hearing these words, the sound of clapping could be heard from afar …
Clap Clap Clap …
It was Luo Zheng who was clapping.
Hearing the applause, Ji Luoxue indifferently turned her head. A smile that had not appeared on her face for a long time appeared. Her smile was like a winter plum blooming in a world of ice and snow, bringing a trace of beauty in the bitter cold.
"The sons and daughters of the Ji Family are indeed magnanimous." Na Qingyu withdrew her elegant smile and her expression gradually darkened. "Since that's the case, then don't blame me …"
After she finished speaking, the rose in her hand instantly scattered. The bright red petals instantly turned into a trace of powder and completely disintegrated …
The snowflakes that were originally slowly drifting down behind Ji Luoxue instantly became hurried, transforming into a snowstorm that swept over the entire Heaven Earth Chessboard!
"Huff huff huff …"
The aura of the Heaven and Earth Chessboard suddenly intensified!
The first to attack was Ji Luoxue …
Although she had already stabilized her state of mind, she still couldn't wait to make her move.
She knew that this woman's strength was extraordinary. How could a Path-Chosen born from an almost perfect race be weak?
At this moment, the multicolored light on her Five Element Bracelet flickered. At the same time, a pair of backhanded swords appeared in her hands!
This pair of swords was only half of an ordinary longsword. One side had a reverse stab, while the other was used by assassins.
After this pair of backhanded swords jumped into her hands, Ji Luoxue headed straight for Qingyu!
"Whoosh, whoosh, whoosh …"
As Ji Luoxue charged forward, the figure kept jumping left and right.
One, two, three …
Several figures moved side by side at the same time. At a glance, it was difficult to distinguish who was real and who was fake!
Qingyu's slightly round eyebrows raised slightly, and a trace of a smile appeared on her face. However, she stood on the spot without moving.
"Poof!"
A backhanded sword cut into Qingyu's body first!
Immediately after, Ji Luoxue turned around and stabbed the other Backhanded Sword behind his ribs. He pulled the Backhanded Sword in his right hand, and another shocking wound appeared. Immediately after, he turned around again and pulled out the Backhanded Sword that he had stabbed into his ribs …
The speed of this series of movements was extremely fast. It was as if several people were attacking at the same time. It was too much for the eyes to take in!
"Poof, poof, poof, poof …"
After seven consecutive attacks, Ji Luoxue finally stopped her fierce attacks. For safety's sake, she even took a few steps back. She stared at Qingyu before her, and her expression changed slightly once more.
Qingyu's body seemed to be heavily injured, but not a single drop of blood flowed from the wound …
Soon, the body started to rapidly yellow and wither before Qingyu's eyes. In the end, it transformed into a withered yellow branch that stood on the spot.
On the other side of the ground, there was an inch long sapling. It quickly sprouted and grew to the height of a person. Then, it gradually transformed into Qingyu's body!
"Haha, you don't even have this little bit of resolution? Can you really become a Daoist? "Qingyu's face carried a trace of mockery as she spoke.
Ji Luoxue didn't say a word. Instead, she suddenly leaped into the air behind her. While she was in the air, her head was facing down, and her entire body started to spin!
Her hands naturally hung down. As she spun, the backhanded swords in her hands started to spin in circles. This naturally formed a strangulation technique!
In addition, Ji Luoxue's reaction was extremely fast. Almost at the instant she approached Qingyu, the cold light of the two backhanded swords intersected and flashed. They had already circled around Qingyu's neck.
"Plop …"
Qingyu's head was separated from her body …
However, there was still no blood spurting out.
Her body also quickly transformed into a withered branch.
Soon, not far away, another sapling rapidly grew. Qingyu was still standing in front of Ji Luoxue, safe and sound.
Ji Luoxue had already made sufficient preparations for this battle among the top ten.
Whether it was Luo Zheng, Xuanyuan Chenfeng, or Xi Youqin who used the sword formation, none of them were weak!
However, Qingyu had always been silent. She didn't expect her to be so difficult to deal with …
"You didn't listen to my teachings. Then, I can only make you accept your defeat wholeheartedly." At this moment, Qingyu finally decided to attack.
She slightly bent her body and lightly pointed at the ground. A small seed started to germinate. From that seed, five or six thorns as thick as a thumb surged out wildly!
These thorns had an ugly appearance. They were like poisonous snakes crawling around. On the two sides of each thorns, there were barbs that spread out in all directions!
"Cough, cough, cough …"
When the thorns grew to a certain extent, they would split into two, and then from two to four. They quickly spread across the Heaven and Earth Chessboard.
In a short while, the entire chessboard was occupied by the thorns.
As for Ji Luoxue, she was controlled in a circular area, completely covered by the thorns!
"Break!"
Ji Luoxue circled around for a while. Then, two rays of bright silver sword light, like a tornado, cut off a large area of the thorns around her.
However, how quickly did these thorns spread?
She had just cut off a piece when the thorns behind her were like countless long snakes, quickly surrounding her again!
On the other hand, Qingyu moved through the brambles with ease. She was like the queen of this forest of brambles. All the brambles automatically opened up a path for her as she moved, and it didn't take long for her to walk towards Ji Luoxue ….
At this moment, Luo Zheng and the others were floating above the chessboard. They couldn't see the situation of the two women in this layer of thorns.
Of course, it wasn't only Luo Zheng and the others who couldn't see the situation of the two women.
All the warriors in front of the scroll were paying attention to the outcome of the battle between the two women. However, they couldn't see the scene. Everyone just stared at the thorns in a daze …
After the time it takes to burn a stick of incense, a roar sounded in everyone's ears.
A sea of fire suddenly erupted in the thorny forest. The rolling flames directly spread across this world of thorns.
＝＝＝＝＝