Under the intense eruption of the flames, flames that were over 100m tall arose, and it was like a forest fire.
In next to no time, a slender figure soared up from within the flames, and it was exactly Ji Luoxue herself ….
Amongst the 3,000 Divine Daos, the Five Element Divine Dao was the most widespread! It was also the most comprehensive method to cultivate the soul.
Metal melted to create water, water nourished to create wood, wood dried to create fire, fire burned wood to create earth, and earth and minerals created metal. It could be said that everything in the world was covered by the five elements, and there were only very few times when other Laws had to be utilized.
Thus, it was much easier to construct the world within one's body with the energy of the five elements than cultivators that cultivated the other Divine Daos.
Under normal circumstances, the energy of the five elements within Ji Luoxue's body was in a balanced state, so she'd emanated blazing flames upon entering the forest of thorns and incinerated it ….
Crackle! Crackle!
Crackle! Crackle! Crackle! Crackle! Crackle! Crackle!
In next to no time, the thorns were incinerated into ash ….
It was precisely amidst the ash that a wisp of tenacious fresh green grew from within the blazing flames!
Fire countered wood.
However, there were always some plants in the world that didn't fear fire.
That bright green vine was the "Immortal Flame Guest".
Not only did this sort of plant not fear fire, it grew by devouring fire instead. It grew in ordinary places, but it was everywhere in the Divine Flame World.
After the vine unfolded, a light violet flower bud swiftly formed and bloomed at the top, and then Qing Yu's figure appeared within it ….
"This fellow …."
Ji Luoxue frowned because she felt it was troublesome as well.
This woman's grasp of the Laws of Life had far exceeded her imagination!
It was simply impossible to annihilate and kill them all!
Qing Yu was like a graceful and luxurious queen, and she used the flower as her throne. Her slender figure leaned backwards, and she stared at Ji Luoxue with a lazy and indifferent gaze. "I told you, there's no suspense in our battle, so it's better to skip this battle and concentrate on dealing with your next opponent. But since you want me to play with you, then let's continue …."
As soon as she finished speaking, fine cracks appeared on the vine, and then numerous black beetles crawled out from within the cracks. After these beetles left the vine, they flapped their wings and formed a string of black clouds that charged directly at Ji Luoxue!
"Heart-eating Worms, so many of them …"
When Ji Luoxue saw the dense expanse of black beetles, he was shocked!
This insect was ranked fourth on the Exotic Insect List!
This Heart Eating Insect could quietly burrow into a martial artist's body, lurking near the martial artist's heart and continuously sucking the martial artist's blood essence. This cycle could last for dozens of years! Once the Heart Devouring Insect grew to a high enough rank, it would break out of the body. At that time, the cultivator would also die from having their heart shattered.
Most importantly, the front claws of these Heart Devouring Insects were nearly indestructible. Not only could they sneak into a martial artist's body, but they could also drill into all sorts of divine weapons, riddling those divine weapons with thousands of holes in them …
In fact, the Heart Devouring Insects devoured many different kinds of objects. If dozens of Heart Devouring Insects were placed in an extremely powerful array, it wouldn't take long for the entire array to be destroyed by them.
Because of its ability to devour everything, many martial artists flocked to them like a flock of ducks, and they were able to achieve miraculous results in many difficult situations.
But since these Heart Devouring Insects were Exotic Insects, they were also extremely precious …
It was impossible to bring living beings into the Illusory Battlefield. Thus, Qingyu's Heart Devouring Insects were either born from her own life force or caught in the Illusory Battlefield!
With so many Heart Devouring Insects, let alone Ji Luoxue, even a Divine Transformation realm powerhouse would find it difficult to deal with them.
"Humph! It really is her! Only she can control the Life Laws to such a degree … "A deep voice spread out from the Ji Family, faintly like thunder. This was the voice of the Ji Family Old Ancestor.
As this voice spread out, everyone in the Ji Family was shocked.
"Old Ancestor, is this Qingyu really the Monster Night Clan's King of Life?" A Ji Family member asked.
Before this, there were many speculations about Qingyu's identity …
The Monster Night Clan's King of Life had been quietly hiding in the Monster Night Clan for all these years. She had long since attracted attention …
"Yes, the King of Life, Ying. I've seen her once before. The Monster Night Clan's three Kings all have different personalities. Xun is a decisive and decisive person but his personality is the purest. Yao is overbearing and ruthless. As for Ying, she is extremely scheming and her ambitions are probably even greater …"
Those closely involved could not see clearly. It was difficult for the Monster Night Clan to judge their own King.
But the bystanders could see everything clearly …
Xun was the King of Slaughter and wholeheartedly protected the Monster Night Clan.
Yao's ambition was to control the entire clan and become the only King …
In the face of the struggle between Xun and Yao, Ying had been biding her time. She hadn't chosen a side and had remained silent.
But behind this silence was an even greater scheme!
The Ji Family Old Ancestor couldn't guess what this scheme was. However, in order to enter the Illusory Battlefield, one needed to be at the Divine Sea realm. With Ying's cultivation, even if her cultivation was crippled, it was impossible for her to fall to the Divine Sea realm!
She could only use the Life Laws to reincarnate and give birth to a new self.
To Ying, this was a great price. The greater the price, the greater Ying's ambition. So, why was she doing this?
A trace of worry appeared on the Ji Family Old Ancestor's face.
As for Ji Luoxue's victory or defeat, he didn't pay much attention to it. Even if Ji Luoxue lost this battle, she still had a chance to turn things around …
Facing the black clouds, the shock on Ji Luoxue's face slowly faded. Instead, it was replaced by a tenacious expression.
Whoosh! Whoosh!
Ji Luoxue suddenly raised her hands and connected the hilts of the two swords together. Then, with a whoosh, the swords began to circle in her hands!
Whoosh!
In the next moment, Ji Luoxue charged directly towards the dark clouds!
Clap! Clap! Clap!
The two circling backhanded swords were like a rapidly spinning windmill, killing the Heart-Eating Insects at an extremely fast speed!
However, the outer shells of the Heart Eating Bugs were extremely sturdy. These bugs had extremely sturdy defenses and were treasures in the eyes of weapon refiners.
Although Ji Luoxue's two swords were sharp, they could only deflect the Heart Eating Bugs one by one!
That was enough …
Her target was still Qing Yu herself!
At this moment, Ji Luoxue didn't know that this person was the reincarnation of the King of Life, but she had a faint guess. A person who could control the Law of Life to such an extent definitely didn't have a simple background …
"That isn't her true body …"
While charging forward, Ji Luoxue's mind was also rapidly thinking!
She knew that she probably only had one chance …
Seeing that she had already charged in front of Qing Yu, Qing Yu still had a lazy appearance. She stared at Ji Luoxue and revealed a faint smile. She didn't seem to have any intention of resisting and instead said with a smile, "Don't pointlessly resist."
Whoosh!
However, Ji Luoxue threw the two backhanded swords in his hands behind him. The two backhanded swords emitted circles of sword light, temporarily blocking the Heart-Eating Bugs behind him.
Then, she approached Qing Yu and a faint light flickered on her fingertips. Ji Luoxue used this faint light to sense something …
In an instant!
Ji Luoxue charged downwards!
A sharp edge appeared from the tip of her feet. It was the edge of the crescent moon!
Ji Luoxue stepped on the Crescent Moon and broke the vines apart. She cut all the way from head to tail and finally stepped on the Heaven and Earth Chessboard!
Her eyes suddenly focused, and her embroidered shoes lightly stomped on the chessboard!
Although the stomp wasn't heavy, the instant she stomped down, countless Crescent Moon disappeared into the Heaven and Earth Chessboard!
An extremely noisy noise came from the bottom of the Heaven and Earth Chessboard. Ji Luoxue's attack just now had practically exhausted her True Origin. She knew that in this stalemate, she would be exhausted to death by the Heart Eating Bugs sooner or later. Only by finding Qing Yu's true body and killing her would she have a chance at victory.
However, just now, she had used her Five Elements Perception to confirm that Qing Yu's true body was hidden in the chessboard!
At this moment, Ji Luoxue had completely closed her eyes and was silently sensing the movements below the chessboard.
Those Heart Eating Bugs had already circled around the pair of spinning swords and were heading straight for her. However, she had already chosen not to resist.