The Chessboard of Heaven and Earth was a million feet long and a million feet wide, but it was only a few thousand feet tall. If one looked at it from afar, it would look like a flat, square chessboard.
Countless crescent moons shuttled through Ji Luoxue's mind!
"Found it!"
Ji Luoxue's eyes snapped open!
The first crescent moon pierced through Qingyu's body!
In an instant, all the crescent moons surged in one direction. They were extremely sharp and extremely fast. Even Luo Zheng couldn't avoid them with his Shapeshifting Smoke …
Inside the Heaven and Earth Chessboard, a massacre was happening quietly. It was unknown how many times Whisper's real body had been cut!
However, outsiders couldn't see what was going on.
They just thought Ji Luoxue was standing there in a daze …
"That Ji Family prodigy is probably going to admit defeat and give up all resistance …"
"That's true. The Fiend Night Clan's Daoist is really powerful. Ji Luoxue can't do anything to her at all!"
"The descent of a great era is truly miraculous. A Daoist like her hasn't been born in tens of millions of years, but now 10 have appeared all of a sudden …"
At that moment, the black mass of Hearteating Bugs charged towards Ji Luoxue.
Hum …
Ji Luoxue gently shook the Five Elements Finger Chain on her hand. Metal, wood, water, fire, and earth elemental laws fused together on the surface of her body, and an azure-gray color appeared on her body!
This light was extremely similar to the light on the Divine Essencefused Mountain. It was the Five Elements Protective Divine Light …
However, the Hearteating Bugs were ranked fourth on the Exotic Bug Rankings. They could practically bite through everything. Although the Five Elements Protective Divine Light was powerful, it couldn't last for long!
Crunch, crunch, crunch …
The densely packed Hearteating Bugs stuck to Ji Luoxue's body and continuously bit at the Five Elements Protective Divine Light …
Before long, the first Hearteating Bug burrowed into Ji Luoxue's body, and she felt a heart-wrenching pain. Then came the second, the third …
However, Ji Luoxue endured the intense pain and continued to control the crescent blade to cut at Qingyu's body inside the chessboard.
The two of them used fierce methods to destroy each other …
After three breaths of time, Ji Luoxue sensed that Qingyu was actually slowly rising within the chessboard!
Soon, the real Qingyu appeared on the chessboard, and countless crescent moons appeared with her!
"Puff, puff, puff, puff …"
Those crescent moons continued to cut towards Whisper …
However, this was a scene of despair for Ji Luoxue.
Qingyu only slowly moved towards Ji Luoxue with a faint smile on her face. Not a single drop of blood flowed out of her body. After the crescent blade swept past, there was only a smear of green liquid.
"This round ends here. Your performance is not bad. You were able to clearly grasp the opening that I intentionally left behind …" Qing Yu followed the vines at the side and stepped over ten feet into the air as she looked down at Ji Luoxue.
A deliberate flaw …
Ji Luoxue was slightly taken aback. She bit her lips tightly. The pain caused by the Heart Eating Worm had already caused her face to turn pale. What made her even more upset was that the gap between her and Qing Yu was actually so great.
The opponent she was facing was just like a chess piece, and her resistance was completely induced by Whisper …
Why was there such a huge gap between them …
Ji Luoxue had lost this battle, and he had lost miserably.
Although both of them were in the Divine Ocean Realm, Qing Yu was basically leading Ji Luoxue by the nose.
It was like a highly skilled chess player playing chess with someone else. Because he had enough chess skills, he intentionally left a flaw. He observed whether the opponent could grasp this flaw and judge the opponent's strength.
That was the method a master used to test his disciple …
Ji Luoxue's performance was not bad, but Qing Yu was standing at a higher position, completely looking down on her.
Even Xuanyuan Chenfeng could not give her such a feeling!
Not long after, a chess piece appeared beside Xuanyuan Chenfeng. With a faint flash of light, Ji Luoxue's figure reappeared.
Her stubborn face revealed a faint look of grievance.
Xuanyuan Chenfeng was familiar with Ji Luoxue, but he did not have any protective feelings for her. Instead, he smiled and said, "I heard that you've already cultivated the Five Elements Reincarnation. You must have some tricks that you haven't used yet, right?"
"That's to deal with you." Ji Luoxue was dissatisfied with Xuanyuan Chenfeng's attitude.
"Oh?" Xuanyuan Chenfeng smiled. "I don't mind. If I can meet Qing Yu, I can help you teach her a lesson …"
"Don't brag." Lie Qianhan smiled evilly. "This woman is very powerful."
Actually, even without Lie Qianhan's reminder, Xuanyuan Chenfeng also felt that something was wrong.
This woman's strength was a bit abnormal. This strength had even exceeded the limits of the realm. He also felt that something was wrong. However, Xuanyuan Chenfeng and the others were geniuses of the younger generation after all. Right now, only the Heavenly Venerables in the universe could tell that Qing Yu was the King of Life …
Furthermore, they judged based on some secrets and characteristics of the past. With Xuanyuan Chenfeng and the others' knowledge, they naturally could not tell Qing Yu's origin.
"Really?" Xuanyuan Chenfeng heard Lie Qianhan's words and did not take it seriously.
As the first Daoist, he had absolute confidence in his own strength. This confidence had become his Dao Heart.
He could not doubt his own strength. Once he did, his Dao Heart would be broken!
This was Xuanyuan Chenfeng's Divine Dao!
However, he was confident that he could defeat this woman …
The battle between Qing Yu and Ji Luoxue ended with Qing Yu's victory.
However, no one underestimated Ji Luoxue's strength. Qing Yu's strength was too strong, which made many people vigilant in their hearts!
Previously, there was an extremely powerful Ku Deng. Now, this Daoist of the Demon Night Clan was also heaven-defying …
The ten people in the scroll each had their own thoughts.
Outside the painting, the reactions of all the martial artists in Huan Yu were very enthusiastic.
The battle between the ten people was far more exciting than they had imagined.
According to the initial odds, Xuanyuan Chenfeng's probability of winning was the highest, and Ji Luoxue's was not low either. She was ranked between the third and fourth.
Before this, Qing Yu was not famous, so she was at the bottom of the list.
After this battle, Qing Yu's odds soared.
Some people became rich overnight, and some lost their family fortune …
The next battle was Jiang Zhengyi of the Demi-Immortal Clan, and his opponent was Ku Deng.
Although Jiang Zhengyi's temperament was strange, as a Daoist of the Demi-Immortal Clan, his strength was unquestionable.
As for Ku Deng, as a genius of the Hidden Spirit Temple, he hid his strength well.
After countless rounds of attacks, Jiang Zhengyi couldn't defeat Ku Deng, so he was defeated …
However, it seemed that Jiang Zhengyi had a backup plan. Since they had entered the round-robin stage, he didn't want to use it easily.
Of course, Ku Deng didn't use all of his strength. However, based on the strength he had shown in this battle, people guessed that Ku Deng's strength was one level higher.
After this battle, it was Luo Zheng's turn to fight.
In the final battle of the ten people, it was Luo Zheng's first time to fight.
When he was caught on the Heaven and Earth Chessboard, he raised his head to look at the jade-like hand in the sky …
Among the ten people, none of them were easy to deal with!
So, his opponent was … Lie Qianhan!
The second Daoist of the Gods No Thought, who was second only to Xuanyuan Chenfeng.
This person had even killed Xuanyuan Chenfeng once in the Fantasy Battlefield …
However, in the previous elimination battles, Lie Qianhan had only fought once. Luo Zheng didn't know much about his strength. He only knew that he seemed to have a good relationship with Xuanyuan Chenfeng and Ji Luoxue.