The chess pieces on this Heaven and Earth Chessboard were placed by the Black and White Twins.
An ordinary chessboard had nineteen vertical and nineteen horizontal lines, which was three hundred and sixty-one points. There were one hundred and eighty black pieces and one hundred and eighty white pieces.
In theory, there were three hundred and sixty-one battles, which was enough to fill the entire chessboard.
But on this Heaven and Earth Chessboard, there were thirty-six vertical and thirty-six lines, which was one thousand two hundred and ninety-six points.
The previous three hundred martial artists had been eliminated, so there had been two hundred and ninety-nine elimination battles. Among them, the number of non-elimination battles was several times greater than the number of elimination battles! The two added up to a total of eight hundred and three battles …
But after these eight hundred and three battles, the situation on the Heaven and Earth Chessboard was still not clear!
In the previous Evolution Era, this situation had not occurred.
In the previous Evolution Era, the mysterious girl's chess game had already become a foregone conclusion. After just seven hundred and twenty-six battles, the white pieces had already gained an irreversible advantage.
The clearer the situation on the Heaven and Earth Chessboard was, the easier it was to calculate …
While the black and white pieces were still in a state of chaos, the mysterious girl had started a cycle.
In fact, the Heavenly Venerables who had been analyzing the situation on the Heaven and Earth Chessboard had been quite puzzled.
There were only five battles left between these ten people, and one of them had a bye. Then, the six of them would be able to play three more pieces.
Although there were many winning and losing moves on the Heaven and Earth Chessboard, the remaining moves weren't enough to fill it up …
When the rules were announced, Dugu Jian Xiaoxiao and his sword shot into the sky and landed on a chess piece.
At that moment, Dugu Jian Xiaoxiao slowly woke up. He looked at Luo Zheng on the Heaven and Earth Chessboard, still in a daze. He had no idea what had happened.
"I lost," the broken sword said to Dugu.
"I lost! Doesn't that mean I've been eliminated … "Dugu Jian Xiaoxiao's face darkened.
"There's still a chance …"
Dugu Jian Xiaoxiao and the sword were like lips and teeth.
He treated the sword like a master, and the sword treated him like a family member.
Dugu didn't mind even if he was occasionally controlled by the sword. He knew very well that he wouldn't be where he was today if it wasn't for the sword.
"What a pity …" Hua Tianming shook his head.
He knew that Luo Zheng had other ways to deal with the sword, but Luo Zheng had still used tricks.
However, Luo Zheng hadn't done anything wrong. Before the final battle, preserving his strength as much as possible was also a tactic …
Luo Zheng wasn't the only one doing this. Every Daoist present was doing the same.
A round-robin battle would allow them to accurately determine who was stronger and who was stronger. At the same time, it would also relieve everyone's psychological pressure.
The next battle …
Her jade-like hand fluttered and landed on Soft Whisper's chess piece, while her other hand grabbed Ji Luoxue.
This battle was about to unfold between the two women!
"It's finally Ji Luoxue's turn …"
"Rumor has it that she hasn't fully comprehended the Five Elements Divine Dao. In terms of strength, she should be slightly weaker than Lie Qianhan, right?"
"I don't want to see who wins and who loses. I'm here to look at beauties! Hehe … "
Ji Luo Xue's name was also extremely famous in the Gods Without Thought Sect …
After all, she could be considered half a Daoist of the Ji family. Naturally, her background was unquestionable. The Ji family was ranked second among the four great families, second only to the Xuanyuan family. Coupled with her extremely perfect appearance and figure, she could be considered the dream lover of countless martial artists.
However, most of them had only heard of her. Ji Luoxue cultivated in the Ji family all day long. Most people had only heard of her name, but had never seen her. Now that they had seen her, she naturally attracted the attention of all the humans …
At this moment, Ji Luoxue slowly stepped down from the chess piece. On her small almond-shaped face was a pair of cold eyes that seemed to be able to freeze one's soul. A graceful and imposing aura radiated from her body …
Outside the painting, many men could not help but have lewd thoughts when they saw such a beauty.
However, as her aura was released, their hearts trembled. Those lewd and messy thoughts also disappeared completely in an instant.
Ji Luoxue was undoubtedly a beauty that could cause the downfall of nations, but Qing Yu was also a peerless beauty on the other side.
Qing Yu's wavy, curly hair draped over her shoulders. Her entire body exuded a vigorous vitality. Every single move she made seemed to be emitting a rich life force. She wore a jade-green leather armor that clasped tightly on her body, highlighting her impressive figure …
Ji Luoxue was standing gracefully on the spot, but after Qing Yu stepped down from the chess piece, she walked towards Ji Luoxue.
Clap, clap, clap …
Her knee-high leather boots clattered on the chessboard, and a graceful and luxurious smile appeared on her slightly round oval face. "You're Ji Luoxue, right?"
Ji Luoxue tilted her head slightly and stared at the woman from the Demonic Night Clan before her.
She had never heard of such a Daoist in the Demonic Night Clan. It was as if she had appeared out of nowhere …
She was not used to this woman's gaze.
It was a gaze that only someone who had been in a high position for a long time should have.
Ji Luoxue could only feel such a gaze when she was facing the elders of the Four Great Clans, or even the Ji Clan's Patriarch.
"I'm Ji Luoxue," she replied coldly.
Qing Yu smiled. "You're a good seedling. Your foundation is very stable, and if you really enter the Five Elements Divine Dao, I'm afraid you'll advance by leaps and bounds. However …"
"Thank you for your compliment. We can begin now," Ji Luoxue interrupted Qing Yu coldly. She hated this woman's tone. It was as if she was judging her on a higher level.
"I haven't finished speaking. It's very rude." Qing Yu shook her head.
With Ji Luoxue's proud personality, why would she listen to this woman? She took the first step …
A piercingly cold aura suddenly emanated from Ji Luoxue's body!
The five elemental rings in her hand shone with the light of the five elemental laws. As she charged forward, her slender fingers turned into sharp claws and swiped at Qing Yu!
"Five Elements Heaven Severing Claws!"
The current Ji Luoxue was completely different from the Ji Luoxue that Luo Zheng had encountered that day …
At that time, Ji Luoxue could split into two with a single thought, and her strength was greatly reduced!
At this moment, she attacked with the Ji family's patriarch's ultimate technique!
The space around Qing Yu emitted an ear-piercing tearing sound!
The space was torn apart by the formless Heaven Severing Claws like a piece of paper, and the claw mark extended all the way towards Qing Yu …
If Soft Words was hit by this claw, she would be torn to pieces by this claw!
However, Qing Yu only smiled at Ji Luoxue. That smile was like a blooming daffodil, and it made one's heart flutter!
Then, she stretched out a hand.
To be exact, it was a finger …
This finger blocked the Five Elements Heaven Severing Claws in the air!
Crack! Crack! Crack!
A cracking sound was heard, and the claw mark disintegrated in an instant.
Seeing this scene, Ji Luoxue's expression changed. The tip of her foot lightly tapped on the chessboard, and her skirt fluttered. Her body moved horizontally, and the claw came down again!
Qing Yu still raised her wrist and placed her flawless hand on top of her head. She stretched out her long finger and blocked her forehead, as if the sun was too big, and she wanted to cover it.
She once again used a finger to block Ji Luoxue's attack.
This scene not only made Ji Luoxue's expression change, but it also made the entire Ji Family boil.
"Five Elements Heaven Severing Claws … Even Xuanyuan Chenfeng couldn't block it so easily!"
"Who is this Qing Yu?"
"Because of the internal strife in the Demon Night Clan, there haven't been any outstanding geniuses in recent years! How did one appear out of nowhere? "
Although the two kings of the Demon Night Clan hadn't affected the foundation of the clan, they weren't as prosperous as they used to be. The most obvious change was the sharp decrease in the number of geniuses. In this great era, geniuses from all the major clans were born, but the Demon Night Clan was the opposite. The geniuses they produced couldn't compete with the other clans.
Now that one had appeared out of nowhere, the Ji Family was extremely confused …
"I said, I'm not done yet. Do you want to continue listening?" Qing Yu repeated stubbornly. It seemed like she wasn't going to attack until she was done.
Ji Luoxue frowned slightly. He stared at Qing Yu and asked, "What are you trying to say?"