"Chi …"
As Lie Qianhan's fist danced, it was like a demon god in the chaos!
The speed of the fist was too fast, and there were faint wind blades that spread out! This was also because the surrounding space within the painting was abnormally stable. If this fist were in the outside world, it might have torn a giant hole in space.
The Lie Family had a special training method.
This was because they possessed a very special supreme divine tool, the Hidden Phoenix Dragon Basin!
This basin was 10 feet high and 10 feet wide. Normally, it was filled with the blood essence of all sorts of rare birds and beasts …
Generally speaking, the blood essence of these rare beasts was too violent for ordinary people to withstand. If they tried to forcefully absorb it, it would take a long time to dissolve. Or, it would contain a potent poison that couldn't be absorbed!
But this Hidden Phoenix Dragon Basin was able to neutralize all the blood essence and retain the characteristics of this blood essence!
Every year, the Lie Family would send people out to collect blood essence. The many Holy Lands under their banner would also keep some blood essence and hand it over to the Lie Family for the sake of this basin!
To be able to soak in this basin for two hours was a great honor within the Lie Family. The average person didn't have the qualifications to enter. For instance, some World Lords of great worlds might be granted this honor by the Lie Family.
Even the Lie Family Patriarch couldn't casually enter this Hidden Phoenix Dragon Basin to soak in.
In the entire Lie Family, the only ones who weren't restricted were the Lie Family Old Ancestor and Lie Qianhan …
But the Lie Family Old Ancestor had already become an Empyrean. With his cultivation, this Hidden Phoenix Dragon Basin wasn't of much use to him. But, it was undoubtedly beneficial to Lie Qianhan.
For these past several years, Lie Qianhan would soak in this basin for four to six hours every day! Over time, his muscles, bones, blood, and flesh would all be far stronger than others!
Of all the proud sons of heaven and Daoists in the world, there was no one who had a body like his!
This was the reason why Lie Qianhan wanted to kill Luo Zheng with a single punch. This was because he had the strength.
Luo Zheng's eyes were calm, but they shined like stars …
The Stellar Form was a transcendent divine might that drew upon the power of the stars. As Luo Zheng drew upon more and more stars, the strength he erupted with became increasingly formidable!
"I will not retreat from this fist!"
A streak of starlight spiraled around his arm and condensed on Luo Zheng's fist!
If it had been in the past, Luo Zheng would have been relieved to meet such a brute force opponent, because this was his forte.
However, he did not relax in the slightest.
The universe was too big …
This was a genius who had been selected from a hundred million martial artists.
Luo Zheng had a heaven-defying opportunity, but the other party wasn't bad either. Moreover, the other party had an extremely huge force behind them, and the resources they had given them to build a foundation were naturally not bad either!
Of course, Luo Zheng's cautiousness didn't mean that he was afraid of this opponent. It was just that after assessing the opponent's strength more accurately, he also wanted to show his strongest side …
Luo Zheng's move was not the Glory of the Stars.
It was another move of the Astral Combat Body.
"Dark Devouring Star!"
In front of Luo Zheng's fist, a soft starlight vortex appeared, blooming with soft starlight...
The power of this fist was far less domineering than Lie Qianhan's.
However, the Astral Combat Body was like an endless starry sky, a space that was vaster than the sea, a world that was even more vast!
"Boom!"
Before the two of them collided, Lie Qianhan had the absolute upper hand!
However, at this moment, when the two fists collided, everyone saw a strange scene.
Lie Qianhan's fist directly smashed into the whirlpool. It was as if his fist had smashed into another space …
At this moment, the one who was most surprised was probably Lie Qianhan himself.
He had originally sneered in his heart. Those who dared to fight him head-on had never had a good ending.
In fact, Lie Qianhan had thought that Luo Zheng was extremely cunning. This guy would probably change his move at the last moment and choose to avoid his fist.
He had never thought that Luo Zheng would choose to fight head-on!
What was even more unexpected was that Luo Zheng's fist technique was actually so strange …
This move of his was like a cow entering a muddy sea, completely swallowed by the vortex in front of Luo Zheng's fist.
Dark Devouring Star …
It was a type of celestial body among the countless stars.
It was also one of the moves of the Astral Combat Body. This move required the activation of the Dark Star before it could be used!
In the universe's sky, the Dark Star was constantly swallowing the surrounding matter. Anything that came close to the Dark Star would be swallowed by it.
In contrast, there was another type of celestial body, the Dying Celestial Body. This type of celestial body was constantly spewing out matter.
There were as many Dark Stars as there were Dying Stars in the universe. The two types of stars came and went, which was quite magical.
Some experts even used this star as a kind of transmission channel, which could be used to cross many star fields. The premise was that the warrior's body could withstand the endless pressure of these two types of stars.
In these few years, Luo Zheng had accidentally activated a Dark Star, which was how he learned this move!
No matter how strong Lie Qianhan's power was, it would still be dissolved by the vortex in front of Luo Zheng's fist …
After this punch, a faint smile appeared on Luo Zheng's face. After swallowing his opponent's power, it was his turn now!
"Swish swish swish swish …"
Luo Zheng's counterattack was launched in an instant!
The vortex in front of his fist suddenly started to rotate in the opposite direction …
"Dying Star Return!"
After the power of Lie Qianhan's punch was swallowed by the Dark Star, it was spat out by the Dying Star Body!
However, the power of this punch was enough to destroy thousands of miles of mountain range …
And this was not enough.
At the same time, Luo Zheng also exploded with his own power …
The power of 40,000 dragon scales!
How terrifying was this punch that had fused two layers of power?
Lie Qianhan's original plan was to kill Luo Zheng with one punch. Only in this way could he achieve the best effect of intimidation!
His plan was indeed not bad.
According to his calculations, there should not be a big problem. Especially since Luo Zheng did not use any strange techniques to escape, he should be defeated without a doubt!
At this moment, Lie Qianhan realized that he was wrong. So wrong.
Luo Zheng's punch was pushed back. It was impossible for him to escape!
"Pa, pa!"
Because Luo Zheng's body bore this enormous power, the Heaven and Earth Chessboard under his feet collapsed. At the same time, this punch had already smashed onto Lie Qianhan's right fist!
At this moment, Lie Qianhan's right arm started to disintegrate, turning into tiny fragments that drifted away. It was as if Lie Qianhan's body was made of flying ashes.
His flesh, meridians, and even his blood were turned into ashes by this terrifying power …
"I …"
Lie Qianhan originally wanted to say something.
He wanted to say that he should not have done this …
His Lie Family still had many tricks up their sleeves. This Body Refining Technique was not his strongest technique.
If he used those truly powerful techniques, killing this Luo Zheng would be an easy task.
Unfortunately …
There was no medicine for regret in this world.
If one knew that in a breath's time, millions of people would not be his opponent …
It meant that if a martial artist could predict the opponent's reaction after a few breaths, then no one would be his opponent.
Although this statement was somewhat absolute, it was probably true in a battle between martial artists of the same level.
However, Lie Qianhan obviously did not have this ability.
Under the compression of the Law of Time, it could only be delayed. It could not be skipped, and at the same time, it could not be reversed.
At least in this universe, it was almost impossible.
That bit of powder kept peeling off from Lie Qianhan's body, drifting away and disappearing …
In the end, Lie Qianhan completely disappeared in front of Luo Zheng.
In the universe, countless martial artists were stunned at this moment …
This was the Lie Qianhan who was said to be second only to Xuanyuan Chenfeng, and was the favorite to win the championship?
Against Luo Zhengfang, he was blasted into smithereens with just a single punch?
"Isn't the gap too big?" Someone exclaimed.
This exclamation was also the voice of countless martial artists. Because most of the martial artists were exclaiming in their hearts.
When these Daoists fought, there were always many variables. How could the previous few battles between Daoists end so easily? According to ordinary people's thinking, they would have to fight for the time it takes to burn a few sticks of incense.
But now, the two of them were blasted into ashes with just one punch …
Many people could not react in time.