"Lie Qianhan shouldn't have been killed with brute force. It seemed to be what Luo Zheng wanted. That's why he was killed by Luo Zheng in one punch. If not for that, I'm afraid it would be hard to determine the outcome …" Ninth Palace Master commented beside Ning Yudie.
Ning Yudie had a smile on her face. She didn't refute Ninth Palace Master's point of view. She only needed to choose to believe in Luo Zheng. That was enough …
No one in the Lie Family had expected such an outcome.
As the saying goes, the greater the expectation, the greater the disappointment.
Who would have thought that Lie Qianhan's debut in the Top Ten Tournament would be such an outcome …
Lie Qianhan was the hope of the Lie Family.
Such a huge force in the universe had invested tens of years to create a monster!
His entire body, every bone, every inch of flesh, was in the most perfect state. Other than his arrogant personality and lack of maturity, he was the strongest genius nurtured by the Lie Family.
Even Xuanyuan Chenfeng couldn't compare to the investment they had invested in Lie Qianhan …
Just like that, he was smashed into powder by Luo Zheng with one punch?
Luo Zheng's punch didn't seem to have landed on Lie Qianhan's body. Instead, it landed on the chests of all the warriors with the surname Lie. It landed on the faces of all the Lie Family members.
This kind of defeat was a humiliation that the Lie Family couldn't accept!
"Lie Qianhan can't be that weak!"
"I, Lie Shen Bing, am not convinced! I want to challenge that Luo Zheng! "
"Damn, that Luo Zheng is so cunning. He actually used such a method …"
After a long silence, the Lie Family began to boil. Countless warriors were filled with anger and couldn't hold it in. Their voices were like boiling oil, each wave louder than the last!
"Shut up, all of you!"
The Lie Family Patriarch roared.
In an instant, the entire Lie Family was immersed in silence.
The ancestors of the four major families were all Heavenly Venerables. However, the Patriarch was the one in charge of the family.
"My son was reckless. He didn't take that Luo Zheng seriously. That's why he suffered such a huge loss. He accepted his defeat wholeheartedly! He prostrated himself on all fours! " The Lie Family Patriarch said darkly. "I hope this battle can teach Qianhan a lesson. At least he still has a chance!"
In the sky above the picture scroll, a chess piece slowly appeared in the air. On the chess piece, there was a little bit of light condensing, and Lie Qianhan's body gradually appeared.
Lie Qianhan, who was sitting on the chess piece, was in a daze.
Obviously, he still hadn't regained his senses …
Defeated by Luo Zheng with one punch?
If it was 30 minutes ago, he would have thought that this was the biggest joke he had ever heard in his life.
In fact, if it wasn't for Luo Zheng's counterattack, coupled with Luo Zheng's strength, he wouldn't have been able to kill Lie Qianhan. At most, he would have been able to severely injure Lie Qianhan.
However, the heavily injured Lie Qianhan was able to completely recover within ten breaths of time. His body's regenerative ability was far superior to the average martial artist's …
Moreover, the Divine Dao he cultivated was very special …
It didn't matter anymore.
Lie Qianhan thought gloomily as his gaze fell on Xuanyuan Chenfeng.
There was a faint smile on Xuanyuan Chenfeng's face …
"What are you laughing at!" Lie Qianhan said angrily.
"Serves you right." Xuanyuan Chenfeng simply revealed a hearty smile. He was very happy that Lie Qianhan was taught a lesson by someone else. The only thing he was slightly unhappy about was that it was Luo Zheng who taught Lie Qianhan a lesson. Furthermore, killing Lie Qianhan with one punch wasn't something he, Xuanyuan Chenfeng, could do.
Although he could see that Luo Zheng's punch was more or less due to luck, he was able to do it.
Xuanyuan Chenfeng never knew how to find excuses.
"Hmph." Lie Qianhan snorted and didn't say anything else. He seemed to have sunk into reflection.
Although he was a lunatic, he wasn't an idiot. For someone of his status, this was indeed a great humiliation. However, he wouldn't collapse because of this setback. He still had a chance. If he wasted this chance, that would be a real failure …
Every martial artist who could become a Dao disciple had their own unique state of mind.
Lie Qianhan was crazy and persistent. He didn't know when to advance or retreat, but he knew how to repent …
Ji Luoxue would never give up. Even if he failed, he would gladly accept it and work hard …
Jiang Zhengyi pursued absolute justice. He wouldn't allow even a grain of sand in his eyes …
As for Xuanyuan Chenfeng, he had absolute confidence. His Dao Heart was almost unbreakable.
It might be easy to defeat or even kill them, but it was almost impossible to break their Dao Hearts. This was a monster nurtured by the foundation of a powerful force!
The next battle was between Qing Yu and Jiang Zhengyi.
In view of Qing Yu's strength that far surpassed her peers, she could even easily defeat Ji Luoxue. In this battle, almost everyone thought that Qing Yu would win.
The Demi-Immortal race had been on the rise these years.
At the Heavenly Venerable level, they were already on par with Deities Without Thoughts.
Unexpectedly, their performance in the Illusory Battlefield this time wasn't outstanding. One of the two Dao disciples had already been eliminated. Only the somewhat stubborn Jiang Zhengyi was left …
The Demi-Immortal race was full of geniuses. However, only one of them had made it into the top ten. It was indeed somewhat unreasonable.
As for Jiang Zhengyi's strength, it was estimated that he was even slightly weaker than Ji Luoxue.
There shouldn't be any suspense in this battle.
Among these ten people, there weren't many who could stop Qing Yu. Xuanyuan Chenfeng still had a slight chance. The others probably didn't stand a chance.
However, the result was completely out of everyone's expectations.
At the beginning, Jiang Zhengyi was completely restrained by Qing Yu. The Divine Binding Vine wrapped around Jiang Zhengyi's body, making him unable to move.
That Divine Binding Vine was like a giant python that wrapped tightly around Jiang Zhengyi. As the Divine Binding Vine grew, sharp thorns grew out from it and headed toward Jiang Zhengyi!
However, Jiang Zhengyi's righteous face didn't show any signs of panic.
A pale golden Holy Shield covered Jiang Zhengyi's body like an eggshell, tightly wrapping him up.
This Holy Shield was condensed from Jiang Zhengyi's beliefs. Its defensive power was unparalleled …
After such a long stalemate, Qing Yu also realized that just using the Divine Binding Vine alone wouldn't be enough to defeat her opponent. With a wave of her hand, another plant rapidly grew and bloomed into a black flower cage.
That was the Demon Bone Devouring Flower Cage. This flower cage was filled with Bone Devouring Water, which could melt almost everything!
It was a plant in the universe that made people pale when they talked about it.
However, even after throwing Jiang Zhengyi's entire body into it, it still couldn't melt his Holy Shield.
This was equivalent to handing a difficult problem to Qing Yu.
This guy from the Demi-Immortal Tribe looked like a complete idiot, but he had a terrifying defense. That pale golden Holy Shield was an unbreakable existence.
After the stalemate lasted for an incense stick's worth of time, Qing Yu used several methods but still couldn't break through Jiang Zhengyi's defense. It was only when she summoned a large number of Heart Devouring Insects that she finally broke through his defense.
In this battle, the Yao Ye Clan won.
In this way, Qing Yu, like Luo Zheng, could be considered to have defeated two Dao Children in a row.
The remaining Dao Children would encounter Qing Yu sooner or later. Standing on the chess pieces, they pondered how to break through Qing Yu's trap …
Unfortunately, in this chessboard of heaven and earth, they couldn't receive any guidance from their elders. However, they didn't know how to restrain Qing Yu's Heart Devouring Insects.
Others might not have any elders to guide them, but Dugu Jian Xiaoxiao was an exception. When he nodded slightly, the broken sword in his hand told him how to break through Qing Yu's Heart Devouring Insects. It seemed that he had more confidence in fighting against Qing Yu.
The battle on the chessboard of heaven and earth continued.
The next battle was between Xuanyuan Chenfeng and Dugu Jian Xiaoxiao …
Dugu Jian Xiaoxiao had lost to Luo Zheng once before. This was his second battle. Originally, he had regained his confidence and vowed to defeat his opponent. However, when he found out that his opponent was Xuanyuan Chenfeng, his face immediately darkened.
He had lost to Xuanyuan Chenfeng before.
In this battle, he didn't have any confidence in defeating Xuanyuan Chenfeng.
The broken sword in his hand was indeed his greatest reliance. However, this sword was ultimately severely damaged. Before entering the Illusory Battlefield, Dugu Jian Xiaoxiao had brought this broken sword everywhere in search of a way to repair it and an opportunity …
In front of Xuanyuan Chenfeng, he barely managed to hold on for a few rounds before admitting defeat. Xuanyuan Chenfeng didn't make things too difficult for Dugu Jian Xiaoxiao.
The next battle was finally Luo Zheng's turn.
However, when Luo Zheng stood on the chessboard, he found that his opponent was actually Xi Youqin!
Although he knew that he would encounter Xi Youqin sooner or later, Luo Zheng still felt very uncomfortable facing her!
However, Xi Youqin had a faint smile on her face. She put her hands behind her back and walked slowly towards Luo Zheng like a white lotus. She had a sweet smile on her face and looked around. She didn't have the slightest bit of fighting spirit.