The arrogant girl who only knew how to be distressed by him was now standing opposite him, standing on the strongest stage of the Illusory Battlefield …
Hearing Xi Youqin's almost joking words, Luo Zheng smiled slightly. "Then tell me, what reward do you want?"
Xi Youqin blinked her bright eyes and continued walking towards Luo Zheng.
Stepping onto the Heaven and Earth Chessboard meant the start of the battle. If it were anyone else, it would be a very dangerous move.
However, Xi Youqin wouldn't be wary of Luo Zheng …
When she reached Luo Zheng, she stood on her tiptoes and smiled innocently. "Even if I can win against you, I won't attack you!"
After saying that, she kissed Luo Zheng's face quickly and turned back to her chess piece. At the same time, she said loudly, "I admit defeat for this battle …"
This sudden scene left many martial artists in the universe dumbfounded.
Not only did she admit defeat, but she also gave him a kiss.
Many people were immediately confused.
The battle between the 10 of them was related to the future of the universe …
If it weren't for the Illusory Battlefield, they would probably have to fight to the death.
Not many people knew about the relationship between Luo Zheng and Xi Youqin …
After all, when the scroll was unfolded, Luo Zheng and Xi Youqin were separated by the chess piece. Only a few geniuses had seen Luo Zheng and Xi Youqin snuggling up to each other.
Many people were looking forward to this battle.
Previously, Xi Youqin's sword array had even forced Xuanyuan Chenfeng to retreat. Many people were optimistic about Xi Youqin. Some even felt that her strength was above Qingyu's and that she had the strength to fight with Xuanyuan Chenfeng!
However, apart from the Little Purple River Sword Array, Xi Youqin hadn't shown much of her strength.
If Luo Zheng could force out Xi Youqin's extremely powerful sword formation, it would be a great show to watch …
However, this woman ran over and kissed Luo Zheng, and immediately lost. What was the meaning of this?
"Hehe, Youqin, you're really bold …"
"This is in front of the entire universe …"
"But is it really okay for Junior Sister to admit defeat directly?"
The group of women from the Indefinite Tower were also chattering away.
They spent most of their time in the Purple Extreme Realm and rarely went out. Seeing that their junior sister was so bold, they were all very excited.
Their master, Indefinite Old Man, did not have much to say about Xi Youqin admitting defeat.
She was already satisfied that Xi Youqin could make it to the top ten. Moreover, there was a certain amount of fate involved in the battle between the 10 people. How far Xi Youqin could go was her own fate, and it was up to her to control.
Jade Pure Holy Land's Ninth Palace Master secretly glanced at Ning Yudie at this moment. It seemed that this first wife was very angry, so Ninth Palace Master wisely chose to remain silent. At the same time, she secretly sighed in her heart. The entanglements of young people nowadays were becoming more and more difficult to understand.
When Luo Zheng returned to the chess piece, the next battle began.
The next battle was between Ku Deng and Lie Qianhan.
Although Lie Qianhan was defeated by Luo Zheng with one punch, he was still a Daoist second only to Xuanyuan Chenfeng. If he used his full strength, his strength should not be underestimated.
In this battle, Lie Qianhan naturally wanted to redeem his lost face.
Ku Deng's strength was not bad, but Lie Qianhan did not take it seriously.
Even the whole Lie Family hoped that Lie Qianhan would win.
At the beginning of the battle, Lie Qianhan fought steadily. He used the Lie Family's Sky Splitting Slash, and at the same time, he prepared his own Dao Connotation.
However, when Lie Qianhan did not use his Taoist Connotation, he was suppressed by Ku Deng's supreme Buddha Dao on the spot. He was defeated once again.
This time, Lie Qianhan was so depressed that he vomited blood …
He had always regarded Xuanyuan Chenfeng as his only enemy, and did not put the other Daoists in his eyes.
But now, Lie Qianhan understood that there was always someone better than him.
The Divine Dao that he cultivated was the Mad Demon Divine Dao, which was a kind of unconventional Divine Dao. His means were very stubborn. As the saying goes, if you don't go mad, you won't live. His means were very hard to resist, but when he met Ku Deng, who had an unfathomable Dao Connotation, the effect was very limited.
No matter what magical power Lie Qianhan used, it would be broken by Ku Deng in a moment …
It could be said that Ku Deng did not take the initiative to attack, but waited for Lie Qianhan to attack, and then used his magical power to counterattack.
The difference between the two was obvious.
Lie Qianhan was defeated by Ku Deng, which was another unexpected surprise.
This time, the old ancestor of the Lie Family did not say a word, but silently calculated something …
Actually, with the Daoists' current fighting power, it was nothing to a big force.
Just like Lie Qianhan, even if he used all his strength, he could only fight against a Divine Transformation Realm master. But now, these ten Daoists represented the fate of the big forces in the universe.
In the universe, there was a kind of tree called Enlightenment Wood, which took thousands of years to form.
If this tree was cut with a knife, this Enlightenment Wood would condense Enlightenment Crystal, which had a strange smell, and was a kind of healing medicine.
To put it bluntly, this Enlightenment Crystal was produced by the Enlightenment Wood after it was hit by that knife, and then it secreted the Enlightenment Crystal to nourish itself.
If the universe was compared to the Enlightenment Wood, then the Heavenly Dao would feel the danger in advance, and then it would start the Battle of the World. After the "knife", which was the danger, it would secrete the method to save itself, which would be the selected geniuses in the Battle of the World.
Geniuses were equal to the "Enlightenment Crystal" …
The higher the ranking, the greater the responsibility. At the same time, the force behind him would have a higher chance of surviving this level of danger.
Lie Qianhan did not need to talk about defeating Xuanyuan Chenfeng, but if he could fight for the second place, when the danger came, he could lead the Lie Family through it. If his ranking was too low, his Lie Family would be in danger.
Every time the danger came, there would be countless races that would fall.
The violent impact brought about a myriad of changes in the situation. Even though Deities Without Thought was at its peak and was an absolute veteran force in the universe, anything could happen in the midst of a crisis.
Therefore, the old ancestor of the Lie Family was not worried about Lie Qianhan, but the Lie Family.
After a few rounds of fighting, the order of the participants was quickly determined.
Xi Youqin, Lie Qianhan, Ji Luoxue, Jiang Zhengyi, and Dugu Jian Xiaoxiao were in the bottom five.
Luo Zheng, Xuanyuan Chenfeng, Hua Tianming, Qing Yu, and Ku Deng were in the top five …
Lie Qianhan was in the bottom five because his luck was not good. He lost two rounds consecutively and was restrained.
As for the reason of Dugu Jian Xiaoxiao's defeat, it was because of the sword. Although the sword was a chaotic treasure, it was seriously damaged. When it was used against Dugu Jian Xiaoxiao, the sword would often lose sight of one thing.
Xi Youqin …
She often admitted defeat for no reason. Most of the warriors in the universe suspected that she had the strength to fight with Xuanyuan Chenfeng. However, this woman did not plan to play.
Jiang Zhengyi and Ji Luoxue's defeat was due to their lack of strength.
Now, it was the battle for the top five …
Among the five, except for Xuanyuan Chenfeng who had "died" once and was reborn, the other four had never been defeated.
No matter if it was the battle outside the main city, the tests in the various secret realms, or even the Karma Hall.
No matter if it was luck, strength, or perseverance, they were the best of the best among the younger generation!
Countless eyes in the universe gathered on the five of them …
"I feel that Qing Yu's strength is higher than the other four!"
"Among the Daoists, I only recognize Xuanyuan Chenfeng. Anyway, I have bet all my wealth on him!"
"Don't forget that Ku Deng has become a Buddha!"
In Buddhism, becoming a Buddha meant that one had officially stepped into Buddhism.
This saying was actually similar to Xuanyuan Chenfeng becoming a Daoist, which meant that he had become a God …
Amidst the various opinions, a huge gamble was probably being made in the universe around these five people.
If all the chips placed on these five people were gathered together, the number of True Essence Jades would be an astronomical figure!
On the Heaven and Earth Chessboard, chess pieces were constantly condensing.
In the previous battle, a chess piece was placed.
But in the first battle, the black and white chess pieces each placed six chess pieces. At the same time, 13 chess pieces were placed on the chessboard!
Then, the jade-like hand stopped holding the chess pieces personally. Instead, it announced with a cold voice, "The first battle, Luo Zheng versus Qing Yu."
＝＝＝＝＝