Luo Zheng hadn't expected that he would encounter Qing Yu in his first battle.
Qing Yu had asked him for the Holy Slaughter Spear.
She had even said that he would obediently return the Holy Slaughter Spear to her.
What was her reason?
The spear was Xun's weapon, so Luo Zheng would definitely bring it out of the Illusory Battlefield and hand it over to Xun. However, he still wanted to hear her reason.
She jumped up from the chess piece and landed firmly on the chessboard.
Then, Qing Yu also took a step forward. She walked down an invisible staircase step by step.
As she walked, she smiled gently at Luo Zheng.
"Now, can you give me the Holy Slaughter Spear?" Qing Yu said indifferently.
"Reason?" Luo Zheng said indifferently.
Luo Zheng had a very good impression of the Demon Night Clan.
Without a doubt, they were a very beautiful clan in the universe, full of order and beauty.
However, because of what had happened to Liu Yu and Huan Ling, Luo Zheng was hostile to the Demon Night Clan.
Liu Yu was probably still suffering from torture, and Huan Ling's fate after returning from the Illusory Battlefield wouldn't be any better.
The fight between the two kings had caused great damage to the Demon Night Clan.
"No reason. I just want to make an exchange with you," Qing Yu said confidently.
"Hehe." Luo Zheng smiled coldly. "What are you going to give me in exchange for the Holy Slaughter Spear?"
The Holy Slaughter Spear was the number one spear in the universe.
In Luo Zheng's hands, it might not be able to erupt with great power. However, if it was given to Xun, it could erupt with endless power.
A supreme divine artifact was a priceless treasure. What did this woman want to use to exchange for it?
Many people pricked up their ears, wanting to know what kind of price Qing Yu would offer.
However, Qing Yu only opened her mouth slightly and transmitted her voice to Luo Zheng. "I have a perfect spirit embryo that has been nurtured in the Pond of Faith for countless years. If I exchange it with Xun, I believe that even Xun will give up on the Holy Slaughter Spear for the time being."
Hearing Qing Yu's words, Luo Zheng frowned.
If it was something else, Luo Zheng would have rejected it without even thinking about it.
But this was a perfect spirit embryo …
The faith collected in the faith ponds of the three kings were also different.
The Faith Water in the Faith Pond was formed by the Demon Night Clan's people's killing intent. That was why it was blood-red in color.
It was said that one could feel the dense killing intent from 10,000 miles away from the Pond of Faith. Ordinary creatures couldn't get close within 1,000 miles. Even Void Tribulation Realm martial artists couldn't withstand the killing intent within 100 miles. Only Divine Sea Realm martial artists could get close within 10 miles.
Meanwhile, the Pond of Faith of the Monarch of Life was a pool of light green water that was filled with boundless life force energy.
Even if a severely injured cultivator approached the Faith of Life Pond, they would be able to recover in a short time.
Right now, what Xun lacked the most was a physical body!
The spirit embryo nurtured in the Pond of Faith of Life was indeed worthy of being smoked …
But to exchange the Sacred Slaughter Spear for this spirit embryo?
"This spirit embryo is the perfect physical body for the Demon Night Clan. The Sacred Slaughter Spear is indeed a good thing, but it's still just an external object," Qing Yu said with a voice transmission when she saw Luo Zheng's expression change.
Luo Zheng's eyes flickered. He continued to ask, "The Sacred Slaughter Spear can only be considered complete in the hands of the King of Slaughter. What do you want it for?"
Qing Yu was silent for a moment. Naturally, she didn't want to tell Luo Zheng the real reason. She only said, "This spear is very important to me."
"What is it?" Luo Zheng continued to ask.
"I can't tell you." Qing Yu's face showed a hint of anger. "I'm only asking if you want to exchange it or not."
"Hehe, I'm not exchanging it." Luo Zheng revealed a sly smile.
The Sacred Slaughter Spear was indeed powerful, but ordinary members of the Demon Night Clan couldn't display its full power. Qing Yu definitely had another purpose.
She said that there was a perfect spirit embryo in the Pond of Faith of Life, and Luo Zheng believed her for the time being. However, even if he gave the gun to Qingyu, would she obediently deliver the spirit embryo to him according to the agreement?
Luo Zheng wasn't a three-year-old child. He had already made up his mind to reject this woman's offer. At the same time, Luo Zheng also wanted to obtain some useful information from her.
However, this woman was very tight-lipped. She refused to reveal her purpose.
This woman used the power of life. Moreover, she was a Dao Disciple of the Demon Night Clan.
Luo Zheng had some guesses about her origins. Perhaps this was the plan of the King of Life, who had always been very quiet.
However, what was the purpose of the King of Life's plan? Was it harmful to Xun? Luo Zheng couldn't make up his mind yet. However, it was better to be safe than sorry.
When he returned to the outside world, he could discuss with Xun. If Xun was willing to exchange the Sacred Slaughter Spear, then it wouldn't be too late.
Naturally, he didn't know that Qing Yu was the King of Life, Ying, herself.
After Luo Zheng rejected Qing Yu's request, Qing Yu's nimble eyebrows furrowed slightly. Then, she began to emit a sharp aura.
She was like an angry tigress. Standing in place, she stared at Luo Zheng and said, "Are you sure … you don't want to exchange?"
"If I don't want to exchange, then I don't want to exchange. What's there to be sure about?" Luo Zheng said with a relaxed smile.
Qing Yu snorted faintly. "Then … very good!"
Since Luo Zheng wasn't willing to obediently comply, Qing Yu didn't want to waste her breath on him.
However, the two of them talked for a long time …
Outside the scroll, there were some martial artists who didn't know what was going on. They were guessing what the two of them were talking about.
"Could it be that Qing Yu has also taken a fancy to Luo Zheng?"
"Haha, to be honest, Luo Zheng's luck with women is too much …"
"No wonder Ji Lian Sheng used peach blossoms as a lure to lure Luo Zheng into the dreamland."
However, in the midst of this discussion, the conversation between the two of them ended. Qing Yu suddenly launched an attack on Luo Zheng.
In the previous few battles, Qing Yu used the power of life to nurture all kinds of strange plants in the universe to resist the enemy. But now, Qing Yu changed her method. She sneered and said, "I've always thought that the power of life is the purest power, because it can give birth to all things and revive the earth …"
As she spoke, she stretched out her two hands.
Her left hand was white and round. Every inch of skin was emitting a pale green light. It was overflowing with a strong aura of life. That aura was incomparably sweet. Luo Zheng only glanced at it, and he felt a refreshing feeling of vitality!
The skin on Qing Yu's right hand was withered. It was full of wrinkles and cracks, and at the same time, it was emitting bursts of black Death Qi …
A pair of hands showed two completely different forms.
Where there was life, there was death …
Tens of thousands of creatures cycled between life and death.
The Laws of Life didn't just contain vitality. Conversely, the Laws of Life contained numerous profundities related to death!
Therefore, those who cultivated the Laws of Life were the ones who understood life and death the most.
Qing Yu was a little angry.
She didn't want to end this battle too easily …
If this was the outside world, she might choose to empty Luo Zheng's lifespan and seal his lifeline, so that he couldn't extend his life. Then, he would enter the Five Decay of the Heavens in advance and spend the rest of his life in old age.
Unfortunately, this was the Illusory Battlefield. This method was useless.
So, she chose another method that was even crueler.
"Cycle of life and death …"
In fact, some Empyreans had already guessed Qing Yu's identity, but they were still a little uncertain.
After all, the price of completely turning around was too high. Ying was taking a great risk. These Empyreans just couldn't figure out why she turned around and joined the Illusory Battlefield.
At this moment, after seeing Qing Yu use this method, those who were familiar with the King of Life were completely certain.
Qing Yu was Ying, the King of Life!
"This woman used such a fierce method as soon as she came up …"
"Cycle of life and death. With Luo Zheng's wisdom, I'm afraid he'll suffer if he falls into it!"
"There aren't many people who can truly endure this method, but once they do, there are actually some benefits!"
There was a sharp boundary between life and death.
On this side of the boundary was death, and on the other side was life …
However, when one's control of the Laws of Life reached the eighth level, they could accurately use this boundary.