"That Lie Qian Han should not have used brute force to kill him. It seemed that he had done exactly what Luo Zheng wanted, which was why he was killed by Luo Zheng with a single punch. If not for that, I'm afraid the outcome of the battle would have been difficult to determine …" Palace Master Jiu commented beside Ning Yu Die.
Ning Yu Die had a faint smile on her face, and did not refute Palace Master Jiu's point of view. She only needed to choose to believe in Luo Zheng, and that was enough …
From top to bottom, the Lie Family had never expected such an outcome.
As the saying goes, the greater the expectation, the greater the disappointment.
Who would have thought that Lie Qian Han's debut in the top ten battles would actually end up like this …
Lie Qian Han was the hope of the Lie Family.
This was a monster that had been created after decades of investment by such a huge force!
His entire body, every bone, every inch of skin and flesh, was in the most perfect shape. Apart from his extremely arrogant personality, and his lack of maturity, this person was the strongest genius that the Lie Family had nurtured.
The investment in Lie Qian Han was something that even Xuanyuan Chen Feng could not compare to …
And just like that, he was smashed into dust by Luo Zheng with a single punch?
Luo Zheng's punch did not seem to have landed on Lie Qian Han's body, but on the chests of all the martial artists with the surname Lie, and on the faces of all the Lie Family members.
This kind of defeat was an unbearable humiliation for the Lie Family!
"Lie Qian Han can't be that weak!"
"I, Lie Shen Bing, am not convinced! I want to challenge that Luo Zheng! "
"Damn it, that Luo Zheng is so cunning, to actually use such a method …"
After a long period of silence, the Lie Family started to boil. Countless martial artists of the Lie Family were filled with anger, and it was difficult for them to suppress it. Their voices were like a pot of boiling oil, and the clamor was getting louder and louder!
"All of you, shut up!"
The Lie Family's Patriarch roared.
In an instant, the entire Lie Family was immersed in silence.
The ancestors of the four big families were all Heavenly Venerables, but the Patriarch was the one in charge of the family.
"My son was reckless, and did not take Luo Zheng seriously. That's why he suffered such a huge loss. He lost wholeheartedly! He was utterly defeated! " The Lie Family's Patriarch said coldly. "I hope that this battle can teach Qian Han a lesson. At least he still has a chance!"
In the sky above the scroll, a chess piece slowly appeared in the air. On that chess piece, bits of light condensed, and Lie Qian Han's body gradually appeared.
Sitting on the chess piece, Lie Qian Han's eyes were a little dazed, and he looked a little dazed.
Clearly, he had not regained his senses …
Defeated by a single punch from Luo Zheng?
If this was an incense stick's worth of time ago, he would have thought that this was the biggest joke he had ever heard in his life.
In reality, if Luo Zheng had not used his own strength to counterattack him, coupled with Luo Zheng's additional strength, he would not have been able to kill Lie Qian Han. At most, he would have been able to severely injure Lie Qian Han.
However, Lie Qian Han, who was severely injured, was able to completely recover within ten breaths. His physical body's recovery ability was much stronger than that of an ordinary martial artist …
Moreover, the Divine Dao that he cultivated was very special …
It no longer mattered.
Lie Qian Han thought gloomily, but his gaze fell on Xuanyuan Chenfeng.
On Xuanyuan Chenfeng's face, there was a faint smile on it …
"What are you smiling at!" Lie Qian Han said angrily.
"Serves you right," Xuanyuan Chenfeng straightforwardly revealed a bright smile. He was very happy that Lie Qian Han was being taught a lesson by someone else. The only thing that he was slightly unhappy about was that the one teaching Lie Qian Han a lesson was Luo Zheng. Moreover, killing Lie Qian Han with a single punch was something that he, Xuanyuan Chenfeng, could not do.
Although he could also see that Luo Zheng's punch had some element of luck in it, since he was able to do it, it was his ability.
Xuanyuan Chenfeng never knew how to find excuses.
"Hmph," Lie Qian Han snorted and did not say anything else. He seemed to have sunk into contemplation.
Although he was a madman, he was not an idiot. To someone of his status, this was indeed a great humiliation. However, he would not be defeated by such a setback. He still had a chance. If he wasted the next opportunity, that would be a true failure …
Martial artists who could achieve the body of a Daoist all had their own unique state of mind.
Lie Qian Han was crazy and stubborn. He did not know when to advance or retreat, but he knew when to repent …
Ji Luo Xue would never give up. Even if he failed, he would gladly accept it and work hard …
Jiang Zhengyi, on the other hand, pursued absolute justice. He would not allow even a grain of sand in his eyes …
As for Xuanyuan Chenfeng, he had absolute confidence and an almost unbreakable Daoist Heart.
It might be easy to defeat or even kill them. However, it was almost impossible to break their Daoist Hearts. These were the monsters that were raised by the great forces!
The next match was between Soft Words and Jiang Zhengyi.
Since Soft Words had previously displayed strength that far surpassed her peers, and could even easily defeat Ji Luo Xue, almost everyone thought that Soft Words would win this match.
The Sky Immortal Clan had been thriving these past few years.
Just at the Sky Venerable level, they could already stand shoulder to shoulder with Thoughtless Gods.
Unexpectedly, their performance in the Dream Battlefield this time was not outstanding. Out of the two Daoists, one had already been eliminated. Only Jiang Zhengyi, who was somewhat stubborn, was left …
The Sky Immortal Clan was full of geniuses. It was indeed somewhat unjustifiable for only one of them to make it into the top ten.
As for Jiang Zhengyi's strength, it was estimated that he was even slightly weaker than Ji Luo Xue.
There should be no suspense in this match.
Among these ten people, there were not many who could restrain Qing Yu. Xuanyuan Chenfeng might have a slight chance, but the others probably did not stand a chance.
However, the result was completely beyond everyone's expectations.
Qing Yu had completely restrained Jiang Zhengyi from the very beginning. She used the Holy Binding Vine to wrap around his body, making him unable to move.
That Holy Binding Vine was like a giant python, wrapping around Jiang Zhengyi tightly. As the Holy Binding Vine grew, sharp thorns grew out of it and shot towards Jiang Zhengyi!
However, there was no trace of panic on Jiang Zhengyi's righteous face.
A faint golden Sacred Shield that looked like an eggshell enveloped Jiang Zhengyi's body, wrapping him up tightly.
This Sacred Shield was formed from Jiang Zhengyi's faith, and its defensive power was extremely domineering …
After this stalemate for a long time, Qing Yu also realized that she could not defeat her opponent with just the Holy Binding Vine. With a wave of her hand, another plant rapidly grew and bloomed into a black flower cage.
This was the Yin Demon Bone-Devouring Flower Cage. This flower cage was filled with bone-devouring water that could melt almost anything!
It was a plant that would cause people's expressions to change at the mere mention of it.
However, even if she threw Jiang Zhengyi's entire body into it, it still could not melt his Sacred Shield.
This was equivalent to handing a difficult problem to Qing Yu.
This guy from the Sky Immortal Clan looked like a complete idiot, but he had terrifying defensive power. That faint golden Sacred Shield was basically indestructible.
After the stalemate lasted for the time it takes for an incense stick to burn, Qing Yu used several methods but was still unable to break through Jiang Zhengyi's defense. It was only when she summoned a large number of heart-devouring bugs that she finally broke through his defense.
The Demon Night Clan won this battle, Qing Yu.
This meant that Qing Yu had defeated two Dao Children in a row, just like Luo Zheng.
The remaining Dao Children would encounter Qing Yu sooner or later. They stood on their chess pieces and pondered how to break Qing Yu's strategy …
Unfortunately, they could not receive guidance from their elders in this Heaven and Earth Chessboard. They did not know what methods they could use to restrain the heart-devouring bugs that Qing Yu had released.
Others might not have received guidance from their elders, but Dugu Jian Xiaoxiao was an exception. When he nodded slightly, the broken sword in his hand told him the method to break through Qing Yu's defense. It seemed like he had more confidence in dealing with Qing Yu.
The battles on the Heaven and Earth Chessboard continued.
The next battle was between Xuanyuan Chenfeng and Dugu Jian Xiaoxiao …
Dugu Jian Xiaoxiao had lost to Luo Zheng once. This was his second battle. He had regained his confidence and vowed to defeat his opponent. However, when he discovered that his opponent was Xuanyuan Chenfeng, his face darkened.
He had lost to Xuanyuan Chenfeng before.
He had no confidence in dealing with Xuanyuan Chenfeng in this battle.
The broken sword in his hand was indeed his greatest trump card. However, this sword was still severely damaged. Before entering the Fantasy Battlefield, Dugu Jian Xiaoxiao had brought this broken sword with him to search for a way to repair it and fortuitous encounters …
In front of Xuanyuan Chenfeng, he had barely lasted a few rounds before admitting defeat. Xuanyuan Chenfeng did not make things too difficult for Dugu Jian Xiaoxiao.
The next battle was finally Luo Zheng's turn again.
However, when Luo Zheng stood on the chessboard, he discovered that his opponent was actually Xi Youqin!
Although he knew that he would meet Xi Youqin sooner or later in this battle, Luo Zheng still felt very uncomfortable facing her!
However, Xi Youqin had a faint smile on her face. She placed her hands behind her back and walked leisurely towards Luo Zheng like a white lotus. She had a sweet smile on her face. How could there be any battle intent in her?