There were far too many secrets hidden between life and death.
In the universe, there weren't many martial artists that specialized in the Laws of Life. This type of Law could bring someone back from the dead, but it didn't have a strong killing power.
Thus, Ying was the weakest of the three kings of the Fiend Night Clan.
The heart-eating bugs that were always successful might be a sharp weapon against these Divine Sea realm geniuses, but they were nothing in front of an Empyrean powerhouse. There were far too many ways to restrain the heart-eating bugs …
In addition, they could use the power of life to nurture strange plants to fight.
However, Ying's Cycle of Life and Death was extremely powerful. Moreover, it was unique in the universe. It was a technique that Ying had comprehended endlessly from the Laws of Life.
Thus, when Soft Whisper used the Cycle of Life and Death, many Empyreans immediately confirmed her identity.
This was an ability that only the Laws of Life possessed.
This Cycle of Life and Death wasn't an offensive technique …
In that instant, Soft Whisper released a rich power of life with one hand, while her other hand released the power of life in the opposite direction. This was the rich deathly energy …
When these two powers simultaneously covered Soft Whisper, they dragged her into a state of life and death.
At the same time, Luo Zheng was also dragged into this state.
This was the 'state of life and death'!
When a living being was in this state of life and death, they would fall into a very unique state.
In theory, the living creatures were both dead and alive …
Taking a step forward meant life, taking a step back meant death …
When a living being fell into this state of life and death, they would fall into an extremely difficult state that would cause great damage to their soul.
This damage would also affect Soft Whisper. However, Soft Whisper was proficient in the Laws of Life and she had always been exploring the mysteries of life in this state of life and death. This damage wouldn't have much of an effect on her, but it would be extremely disadvantageous for her opponent.
This was like a martial artist that cultivated the Laws of Ice dragging their opponent into an extremely cold place. Both sides would face considerable pressure, but the martial artist that cultivated the Laws of Ice would naturally have it much easier.
The vigorous vitality and the rich deathly energy fused together and revolved around the chessboard of heaven and earth before finally turning into a gray fog.
As Luo Zheng stood in this fog, he could feel the quietness and tranquility within it.
From his body, a trace of laziness was born ….
To his surprise, he felt tired ….
The battle intent that had filled his heart also quietly dissipated.
This kind of negative emotion quietly attacked him, and then a feeling of impending death began to slowly spread!
Qingyu stood quietly in front of Luo Zheng. She was like a red spider lily covered in dust, bright and beautiful, but it was impossible to see her true appearance in the haze. There was a faint smile on her face, and a strange look in her eyes.
"To be able to maintain a clear mind in the midst of life and death, you are indeed outstanding. No wonder Xun is willing to follow you. Although Xun is a little foolish, she still has a good eye …"
As she spoke, she walked towards Luo Zheng. This meant that Luo Zheng's mind was stable and his heart of martial arts was tenacious …
Many martial artists, after being drawn into a life and death situation, would be restrained by the fear of death!
The fear of death was inescapable for many martial artists.
After all, death meant returning to zero. It meant that everything he cared about and everything related to him would disappear!
The intensity of this fear varied from person to person.
Some people were able to see through life and death, so they would be less affected by death. Since they had nothing left to live for, they might as well die.
On the other hand, the stronger one's obsession with this world, the greater the impact would be!
… …
Luo Zheng's obsession was not weak.
Whether it was to find the Luo Yan outside of the Heavenly Dao, or to pursue greater power, or to protect his lover, Luo Zheng fought for these obsessions.
At the beginning, the fear was still manageable, and Luo Zheng's obsession could resist it.
However, as Luo Zheng spent more and more time in this life and death situation, the fear became stronger and stronger.
The lines and chess pieces on the chessboard of heaven and earth began to slowly disappear.
Under Luo Zheng's feet was an endless abyss, and he was standing on a thin line above this abyss.
The stronger the obsession, the more afraid of death.
"I can't die …"
A strange look appeared in Luo Zheng's eyes.
Qingyu stared at Luo Zheng with an indifferent look. In fact, the life and death situation was, frankly speaking, a test of obsession.
The stronger his obsession was, the more severe the backlash from his own obsession would be!
Imperceptibly, his state of mind would be completely shattered by his obsession.
On this thin line, Luo Zheng gritted his teeth and took a step toward Qingyu …
The moment he took a step, he dashed toward Qingyu …
The fear in his heart was very real. It was not an illusion, but a complete experience of life and death, which was forcibly imposed on his mind.
With Luo Zheng's current state of mind, he could not resist or escape. The only way was to kill the fear before it grew!
"Whoosh!"
At this moment, Luo Zheng was very resolute!
With a faint smile on her face, Qingyu put her hands behind her back. Like a dragonfly skimming the surface of the water, the tip of her foot touched the thin line several times. In an instant, she retreated a distance of one hundred zhang!
"It's useless. Your heart of martial arts is indeed stable, but that's because you have a strong obsession. Unfortunately, the stronger your obsession, the stronger your fear will be. When that fear reaches a certain level," Whisper said, pulling out a jade-like hand, which seemed to be holding Luo Zheng's heart, "At that time, with a 'bang', your heart will burst and you will die. You will be scared to death by yourself!"
In this universe, there was a kind of illusion technique, which was very similar to Qingyu's method of killing people.
It was to use the illusion technique to outline an extremely realistic scene, making the other party fall into it and unable to extricate themselves, eventually leading them to death.
However, an illusion technique was an illusion technique, and its grade could not be compared with Qingyu's life and death situation …
This life and death situation was Qingyu's supreme understanding of life. It was not an illusion technique, and it could not be seen through.
If one wanted to get through the life and death situation safely, he could only choose to break through it!
On the chess piece, Ku Deng sat quietly. Although he was not involved in the life and death situation, the momentum from the Chessboard of Heaven and Earth attracted him …
"Amitabha," Ku Deng murmured.
He had already regarded Qingyu as one of his biggest rivals.
However, this life and death situation had no lethality to Ku Deng …
Buddhism was pure and free of desires. His obsession was to sacrifice himself for Buddhism. If he could transcend life and death and achieve the Golden Body of Buddhism, he could achieve Ku Deng's obsession.
It was not difficult for Ku Deng to let go of this obsession.
Hua Tianming and Xuanyuan Chenfeng also showed a dignified expression.
They might also encounter the means that Luo Zheng encountered.
This life and death situation …
For them, it was a great challenge. Now, they also needed to think of a way to deal with it in advance.
That fear was like a demon, absorbing Luo Zheng's obsession and growing crazily.
At this moment, the more anxious Luo Zheng was, the stronger the fear was, and it became a burden in his heart.
"Die!"
At the moment of rushing, Luo Zheng burst out all the vital energy in his body at the same time!
His whole body was like a gust of wind, catching up with Qingyu at an extremely fast speed …
However, Qing Yu merely smiled, and with a twist of her body, she danced on the thin line like a nimble butterfly.
Walking on the edge of life and death was like eating a meal for her.
When his attack missed, Luo Zheng turned over, and the Thunder and Wind Ghost Sword was already in his hand.
However, before he could prepare the next wave of attacks, his heart suddenly skipped a beat.
"Thump!"
His heart produced a fierce contraction!
The sound of the heartbeat was transmitted, and even Qingyu could hear it clearly …
"This sound is really pleasant to the ear," Qingyu smiled slightly.
His heart could not stop beating wildly. Luo Zheng encountered it once in the Secret Realm of the Witch Tribe.
But at that time, it was because of the stimulation of external factors, and Luo Zheng could still bear it and think of a way to break it …
But now, his heart was fiercely beating, because of himself!
His heart suddenly jumped, and Luo Zheng groaned, showing a painful expression on his face!
Qingyu stood not far away, and said with a faint smile, "You have a strong heart … Unfortunately, you also have an even stronger obsession, the desire to survive!"
Her voice just fell …
"Thump!"
Luo Zheng's heart violently beat again.
This time, Luo Zheng's throat was stained with a sweet taste, and then he spat out a mouthful of blood, and his whole body knelt on the thin line!
＝＝＝＝＝