Qing Yu stood not far away, looking down at Luo Zheng. She sighed with emotion.
Luo Zheng's bone age was no more than 30 years old …
In her opinion, he was indeed very young and exceptionally outstanding.
In this great world, the top ten would bear a great fate.
In return, they would be rewarded with a higher rank.
The person Xun had chosen was indeed not bad.
As long as this person didn't die, he would be able to help Xun return to the throne of the King of Slaughter …
"Being defeated between life and death isn't a disgrace. On the contrary, it proves that your obsession is extremely strong. In this world, those with great obsession are usually the most successful people … So, please admit defeat," Qing Yu said indifferently.
In ancient times, there was a legend about the Heavenly Pool Mountain. It was said that one had to kneel for a thousand years before the treasure appeared.
Many people went to check it out. Most of them scoffed, not believing this legend.
However, hundreds of people stayed and knelt in front of the Heavenly Pool Mountain …
A year later, everyone chose to leave. In the end, only one person stayed.
Others mocked that person for being stupid. Rumors were just rumors. A thousand years was precious.
However, that person remained unmoved. He knelt for a thousand years.
A hundred years later, the Heavenly Pool Mountain cracked, and the treasure appeared.
This story spread widely in the universe. It was just a legend.
This legend was to tell everyone that those with great obsession would press forward even if it was a seemingly stupid goal. What if … they succeeded?
The first prerequisite for carrying out the obsession was to "live". They needed to live.
That year, when Ying created the Cycle of Life and Death, she had cleverly used this point to open up this space between life and death.
The space between life and death was the closest place to death. She used the threat of death to arouse the desire to live in the obsession!
To break through this space between life and death, one had to comprehend life and death.
However, to comprehend life and death in such a short time? And to do it in front of her? This was something that was almost impossible to do.
Her remaining opponents were all newly born geniuses in the past few decades. They had completely understood life and death. Could these little guys do it?
With this move, how could they be her opponents?
"Thump!"
Another muffled sound was heard.
Luo Zheng was close to death. Thus, the fear became stronger. The stronger the fear, the more severe the impact on Luo Zheng's mind …
Therefore, his heartbeat became more and more violent, as if a cannon had exploded in his chest!
Fortunately, Luo Zheng's body was different from ordinary people's.
If that wasn't the case, his chest would probably explode with a single heartbeat!
Luo Zheng's body staggered as he leaned against the thin line, gasping for breath.
The wounds on his body were nothing …
However, the pressure in his heart was like a heavy hammer with the weight of a hundred mountains, pressing down on his heart. It could be lifted up high and smashed down at any time.
"Don't be stubborn anymore. Give the Sacred Massacre Spear to me, and I promise you that I will help Smoky reconstruct in the spirit embryo. I can also admit defeat in this battle …" Qing Yu originally wanted to say that she could give Smoky a push from behind, but when she thought about how her cultivation was only at the Divine Sea Realm, she couldn't choose to be Yao's enemy.
As she spoke, she approached Luo Zheng. She even extended a jade-like hand to Luo Zheng, as if she wanted to support Luo Zheng.
However, her gaze was fixed on the Sumeru Ring in Luo Zheng's hand.
If she killed Luo Zheng, he would resurrect on the chess piece. Before the victor was decided, she must snatch the Sacred Massacre Spear.
However, at this moment, Luo Zheng suddenly stood up, and the Thunder and Wind Dark Divine Sword drew an arc in front of him!
"Whoosh!"
The sword's edge slashed out a half-moon in the air.
The front of the half-moon just happened to brush past Qing Yu's finger …
Drops of blood sputtered out.
Qing Yu looked at the wound on her hand, and then a green light flashed. Under the cover of the Law of Life, the wound quickly healed.
"You …" At this moment, as Qing Yu sized up Luo Zheng, a trace of doubt appeared on her face.
Logically speaking, Luo Zheng's struggle should have required a strong will, and he should have suffered an even greater backlash.
However, he didn't seem to be affected by this life and death situation.
He could see through life and death so quickly?
Impossible …
When Qing Yu looked into Luo Zheng's eyes, her shapely eyebrows slightly wrinkled.
At this moment, Luo Zheng's eyes didn't have the slightest trace of emotion. He looked like a lifeless puppet.
Qing Yu was very sensitive to the power of life.
A situation like Luo Zheng's should only appear on those lifeless puppets!
However, Luo Zheng's own power of life didn't disappear …
"Is it strange?" Luo Zheng said coldly. The Thunder and Wind Dark Divine Sword's edge glowed with a cold light. "This life and death situation is indeed strange. It can even be used as a place for cultivation."
Some Divine Ocean realm martial artists knew that they couldn't achieve good results, but they still chose to enter the Illusory Battlefield to gain experience and accept the most realistic test of life and death. It was very helpful to them.
"However, I don't need this kind of test for the time being," Luo Zheng continued coldly.
Qing Yu's face was full of doubt. "You … how did you do it?"
Luo Zheng smiled coldly. "Look at those Dao children. They all entered the Divine Dao and have their own Dao. Why can't I have my own Divine Dao, my own Dao?"
"What Divine Dao?" Qing Yu asked.
"Weng weng weng …"
As soon as she said that, Luo Zheng's longsword began to hum.
From the sword's body, there was a fluctuating sword intent …
"My Divine Dao is … the Emotion Severing Divine Dao!"
After saying that, Luo Zheng suddenly took a step forward. His right arm thrust the longsword's tip towards Qing Yu!
Because he thrust it out too quickly, the Thunder and Wind Dark Divine Sword's slender body was even bent by the air, like a small arch bridge. However, after this sword was completely thrust out, the originally straight body of the sword was straightened by Luo Zheng!
At the same time, the unparalleled power of the Divine Yi Sword burst out!
Seeing this, Qing Yu's face changed greatly!
The tip of her foot spun, and her entire body rapidly slid back on that thin line.
After sliding back for less than three steps, she discovered that the sword light was extremely fast. Her retreating speed was simply unable to shake it off!
Qing Yu's reaction was extremely fast. After sliding back three steps, she jumped up and flipped in the air to dodge the Divine Yi Sword.
However, Luo Zheng didn't give her the slightest chance. After flipping in the air, she once again stepped on that thin line. At this moment, Qing Yu's face was extremely unsightly.
The Emotion Severing Divine Dao …
Regardless of whether it was obsession or fear, they were all manifestations of human emotions.
This was the terror between life and death.
However, Luo Zheng had comprehended the Emotion Severing Divine Dao, which was to completely sever one's emotions!
At this moment, Luo Zheng's heart didn't have the slightest bit of distracting thoughts. His seven emotions and six desires were more or less severed, so there was no fear of death!
Many people in the Human Dao Alliance knew that Luo Zheng cultivated the Divine Yi Sword.
However, the scope of the news was only in the Thirteen Heavenly Palaces …
However, they also didn't know that Luo Zheng cultivated the Emotion Severing Divine Dao!
The Divine Yi Sword was the Emotion Severing Divine Dao?
When the cultivators who had been affected by the sword cloud saw this scene, their hearts were greatly shaken.
Some people had comprehended a small portion of the Divine Yi Sword and knew that this sword was very powerful, but they didn't pay too much attention to it.
For example, Ai Anxin had comprehended quite a bit, but she paid more attention to her master's teachings …
However, she never thought that the Divine Yi Sword could comprehend the Emotion Severing Divine Dao.
After all, only a few people knew that Chen Huang had become a true divinity with the Divine Yi Sword. Even more people thought that he had died.
"Emotion Severing Divine Dao, Brother Luo Zheng actually cultivated this Divine Dao. This … isn't this the Restriction Dao!" Hua Tianming's face revealed a surprised expression. He guessed that Luo Zheng had probably entered the Divine Dao, but he didn't think that he would choose the Restriction Dao.
"This sword is quite powerful." Xuanyuan Chenfeng revealed a confident smile.
Although he was praising Luo Zheng, he was already comparing himself to Luo Zheng in his heart.
Luo Zheng's Divine Yi Sword was indeed powerful, but it probably consumed a lot of true essence. Just now, he had been lying on the ground for half a day, so he probably used up more than half of his true essence sea?
No matter what, with this guy's cultivation, he probably only had enough for two or three sword strikes!
"I'm not afraid," Xuanyuan Chenfeng said indifferently. He had absolute confidence in himself at all times.