Xuanyuan Chenfeng maintained absolute confidence at all times.
That was his belief …
There was no cultivation method or martial skill that he couldn't learn.
There was no opponent that he couldn't defeat …
There was no difficulty that he couldn't overcome.
Among his peers, there was no existence that could defeat him, because he was the strongest!
No matter how amazing the talent, it couldn't be compared to him. He had become a Dao Disciple at such a young age, and the number of people who could stand shoulder to shoulder with him could be counted on one hand.
No matter how deep the foundation, it couldn't be compared to him. Behind him was the Xuanyuan Clan, the number one clan in the universe …
What could strike a blow to such a guy?
He had just concluded that Luo Zheng's trump card could only be used two or three times, and it would be his limit. In the end, he would still lose to Qingyu.
However, the next scene was beyond Xuanyuan Chenfeng's imagination.
After Luo Zheng stabbed out with his first sword, he didn't intend to stop …
The sword in his hand was faster than the previous one!
Every single sword strike contained peerlessly swift and fierce Sword Insight!
That sword intent was extremely extreme, as if it could pierce through heaven and earth, and it flew toward Qingyu!
"Whoosh, whoosh, whoosh, whoosh …"
After dozens of sword strikes, Luo Zheng didn't stop for a moment!
"This guy … is more monstrous than a monster." Xuanyuan Chenfeng stared at Luo Zheng with a complicated expression. At this moment, he was even a little confused.
Luo Zheng didn't take Zhen Yuanyu …
Could it be that he had a treasure that could store Zhen Yuanyu?
This kind of treasure was extremely rare in the universe. For example, the Zhen Yuanyu Utensil, which was ranked one hundred and twenty on the Universal Myriad Spirit Tablet, could store a portion of Zhen Yuanyu's Zhen Yuanyu Utensil. It could double the amount of Zhen Yuanyu's Zhen Yuanyu Utensil.
However, even if it doubled Luo Zheng's Zhen Yuanyu, it couldn't reach that level …
Xuanyuan Chenfeng also couldn't figure it out.
He wasn't the only one who couldn't figure it out …
All the martial artists who saw this scene couldn't figure it out.
Luo Zheng's sword strike consumed a terrifying amount of Zhen Yuanyu's Zhen Yuanyu, not to mention dozens of sword strikes.
Many people had a question in their hearts. Where did Luo Zheng's Zhen Yuanyu come from?
Qingyu's thoughts were similar to Xuanyuan Chenfeng's. She had suppressed Luo Zheng too much, and in the end, she was met with his strongest counterattack.
According to Qingyu's judgment, Luo Zheng would be defeated after this wave of trump cards.
However, reality was cruel.
Yi Shen's sword slashed towards her crazily. There seemed to be no end to this wave of attack.
Not only that, each strike was stronger than the previous one!
The most troublesome thing was that she and Luo Zheng were both on the line between life and death, so Qingyu couldn't dodge to the left or the right.
Dodging Luo Zheng's Sword of God Yi in a vertical direction was obviously very dangerous …
She had no choice but to remove the Cycle of Life and Death!
The Cycle of Life and Death had already lost its effect on Luo Zheng. If she didn't remove it, she would be the one restricting herself.
"Sou!"
A sword light flashed past her snow-white thighs and entered the chessboard, leaving behind a fine mark on the board. Although the mark was small, it had penetrated the chessboard …
"Puff!"
At the same time, blood sputtered out from her thighs. The blood flowed down her snow-white thighs, which was a ghastly sight.
For Qingyu, this kind of small injury could be healed in an instant.
However, she didn't even have the time to do so. The first sword light had yet to disappear, and the next sword light came one after another!
"Heart Eating Insects!"
While retreating, Qingyu gently spread out her hands, and countless Heart Eating Insects suddenly appeared beside her.
These Heart Eating Insects intertwined with each other, forming a black mass. They formed a huge arrow and rushed towards Luo Zheng …
These Heart Eating Insects had caused several Heaven's Prides to suffer losses.
Luo Zheng naturally didn't have the slightest bit of carelessness.
He activated the sword intent and attached it to his sword. Then, with a speed that couldn't be seen by the naked eye, the long sword stabbed forward!
These Heart Eating Insects were not afraid of water or fire, and it was difficult to kill them with ordinary methods.
However, Luo Zheng's Thunder Wind Divine Sword was wrapped in a layer of sword intent, and the sword stabbed at the Heart Eating Insect at the front.
"Pop!"
With this sword, Luo Zheng exploded that Heart Eating Insect.
"It's effective!"
Luo Zheng was also somewhat afraid of these Heart Eating Insects. They were densely packed, and they were almost indestructible!
Now that he found that he could easily explode these Heart Eating Insects, his expression became even calmer. With a slight shake of his wrist, the tip of the Thunder Wind Divine Sword rapidly spat out!
"Pop Pop Pop Pop Pop …"
One by one, the Heart Eating Insects exploded under Luo Zheng's sword!
When a large number of Heart Eating Insects approached Luo Zheng, he used the Eight Winding Smoke!
Although these Heart Eating Insects weren't large, they would still cause small fluctuations as they danced in the air.
Luo Zheng's body was like a piece of paper, and he always maintained a distance of three inches from these Heart Eating Insects …
Although the Eight Winding Smoke was mysterious, Qingyu's main body, or the other Daoists, could still break it. However, these small Heart Eating Insects couldn't get close to Luo Zheng.
It had to be said that the two techniques Luo Zheng cultivated just so happened to restrain Qingyu's divine ability.
After continuously dodging, Qingyu became somewhat annoyed. She suddenly waved her hand, and a wooden staff appeared in her hand.
This wooden staff was thin at the front and thick at the back. The end of the wooden staff looked like a bird's nest, and it was covered with little green leaves. These leaves emitted a powerful life force.
This was the exclusive treasure of the Fiend Night Clan's King of Life, the 32nd supreme divine artifact in the universe, the Staff of Life!
"Hmph!"
When Luo Zheng forced her into a corner like this, a trace of anger appeared on Qingyu's face.
She had originally thought that she could easily take down this little guy, but now he had dragged her into such trouble. This was truly unexpected.
She had no choice but to take out the Staff of Life!
The instant Qingyu raised the Staff of Life, her face flickered with boundless dignity.
At this moment, it was as if she had transformed into the former Ying Ying!
"Buzz buzz buzz …"
Within the Sattva Scepter, streaks of faint green life force floated out!
After these streaks of life force appeared, they began to violently fluctuate. Clumps of life force continuously formed shapes on the chessboard, and in the end, they transformed into Vicious Beasts of various shapes and sizes!
"Roar!"
These Vicious Beasts were all at the twelfth level, which was roughly equivalent to the human race's ultimate divine stage.
"Astral Wind Mastiff!"
"Primordial Dragon Sculpture!"
"Earth Fiend Horse …"
After these Vicious Beasts took form, they charged straight at Luo Zheng.
However, how could mere Vicious Beasts block Luo Zheng's Godly Yi Sword? Even the Sunflower Turtle, which had the strongest defense, was finished off with a single strike …
However, Qingyu didn't expect these Vicious Beasts to be able to defeat Luo Zheng.
She only needed to delay Luo Zheng and prevent Luo Zheng from chasing after her.