After killing those Ferocious Beasts one by one, Luo Zheng didn't stop at all.
After cutting off his seven emotions and six desires, Luo Zheng didn't have any worries or distracting thoughts. In his eyes, there was only the sword in his hand.
However, Luo Zheng hadn't completely stepped into the Divine Path after all!
When Qingyu placed the Staff of Life in front of her, an invisible force spread out from her hand!
"Buzz …"
At this moment, even though Luo Zheng had broken free from the entanglement of fear, he had no choice but to retreat quickly.
He was indeed unafraid of death, but it didn't mean that he would throw away his life.
However, Qingyu wasn't in a hurry. She just smiled at Luo Zheng, but her eyes wandered outside the Heaven and Earth Chessboard.
From outside the scroll, she was facing the audience outside the scroll.
The Staff of Life suddenly stood upright, and Qingyu's voice spread out.
In fact, this scroll unfolded above the countless illusory spaces in the universe, which was equivalent to a special roar. However, her voice could only be transmitted around the illusory spaces. The number of creatures it could cover was limited, but it could show her scene.
"Old guys, open your eyes and look carefully. Look at how I break the 'Boundary of the Heavenly Path' that you've been talking about so much …"
Qingyu's words were said to the Celestial Venerables.
Many Celestial Venerables in the universe had already guessed Qingyu's identity. She seemed to know that she couldn't escape from the eyes of those Celestial Venerables, so she didn't deliberately hide herself.
However, her words confused those Celestial Venerables. The old guys she mentioned should be what she said to the Celestial Venerables. What did she want to do?
"The Limit of the Heavenly Path …"
In the Misty Cloud Palace, Celestial Venerable Cloud Fox looked surprised.
Standing to the side, Yun Luo also asked in surprise, "She wants to tell everyone that she can break this limit?"
Celestial Venerable Cloud Fox nodded.
"It's possible, but also impossible …" Celestial Venerable Cloud Fox was somewhat conflicted.
The Limit of the Heavenly Path was the biggest restriction in the universe.
It was an absolute restriction on the power of many creatures in the universe.
So far, only Daoists could cross this Heavenly Path and become True Gods after the Mahayana Lotus Flower was fully opened.
How few Daoists were there?
In the past 100 million years, how many creatures had been born in the universe? That was a number that even Empyreans could not calculate.
There were so many living beings, but not a single Daoist was born …
In the past, the time frame for the birth of a Dao Disciple was measured in hundreds of millions of years. They were geniuses that only appeared once in hundreds of millions of years.
It was also because of the arrival of this Great Era that so many prodigies had appeared, but the number of Dao Children still did not exceed ten …
None of the Celestial Venerables were Daoists.
After bearing the Mandate of Heaven, the lotus flower stabilized and could no longer bloom.
Ten million years ago, Celestial Venerable Cloudfox had opened 33 lotus leaves. Even now, there were still 33 of them.
He no longer had the possibility of surpassing the Heavenly Dao.
Not only him, but all the other Empyreans had also lost this ability.
On the contrary, those sector lords had a sliver of possibility, just that this possibility was extremely minuscule.
Actually, there were also people who could cross the Heavenly Dao as an Empyrean. However, there was only one person in the entire universe, and that was Chen Huang Yi Jian, Empyrean Yi Jian.
However, the matter of Empyrean Yijian becoming a True God was still considered a secret. No one knew about it.
As for whether or not he was able to break through as an Empyrean because of the Severing Emotions Divine Path, this was even more unknown.
All the Empyreans in the universe were attracted by Qing Yu's words.
This Ying was willing to give up everything to reincarnate. Could it be that she had really discovered something?
Did she really have a way to break free from the restrictions?
"Ying, no matter what you've discovered, let's wait and see …" An old man from the Demi-Immortal Clan muttered.
No one was willing to be bound, but since ancient times, how many people had been able to break free?
Ying tapped the Staff of All Life on the ground …
"Swish, swish, swish …"
The moment the tip of the staff touched the ground, sporadic bits of green appeared on the grayish-white Heaven and Earth Chessboard. Soon, the green began to spread over the entire chessboard, turning the chessboard into a green sea.
Flowers, plants, and trees grew rapidly, appearing to be full of vitality.
The green grass grew past Luo Zheng's knees, and a strange expression flashed across his wooden face.
Luo Zheng instinctively felt a sense of threat, but until now, he still couldn't understand what Qing Yu was trying to do.
"This is much more pleasing to the eye," Qing Yu continued in a clear voice. Her words weren't only directed at Luo Zheng, but also at the other Empyreans. "After cultivating the Law of Life to the ninth level, no matter how hard I try, I can't advance any further …"
The ninth level of the Law of Life had only one profound meaning, and that was reincarnation.
Not only could Qing Yu reincarnate herself, but she could also reincarnate others.
However, reincarnation was different from the previous Empyrean who had the Mandate of Heaven. After reincarnation, all her cultivation would be exhausted. Aside from her memories, it was equivalent to changing her body.
Qing Yu wasn't a Empyrean, so she could only cultivate the Law of Life to this level.
If she wanted to advance any further, she had to bear the Mandate of Heaven that was related to the Law of Life!
"I've tried many directions, but no matter which direction, there was an insurmountable limit. I believe you've all encountered it," Qing Yu said with a faint smile.
Many almighty experts had cultivated to this level in order to pursue a higher level of power.
For Empyreans, wealth, sex, and power were already insignificant, and they disdained to pursue them …
Although the universe was huge, how big was it for Empyreans?
Although there were countless secrets hidden in many secret realms, the benefits those secrets brought to Empyreans were minuscule.
The meaning of their existence was only to explore the world they didn't know …
"I know you've all failed," Qing Yu continued. "However, I'm about to succeed …"
Qing Yu wasn't stingy in sharing her findings.
In this picture scroll, she was displaying her strength to the entire universe!
Hualala …
A green spiral surrounded Soft Whisper and spread out. Then, a gentle breeze swept up. The small trees and the green grass swayed gently …
In this aura, Qing Yu didn't have a strong killing intent.
Immediately after, a majestic life force surged out from Whisper's body and soared into the sky!
Whoosh!
Her long curly hair fluttered directly above her head, revealing a beautiful point on her forehead.
Her almost perfect eyes glowed with green, as if the God of Life had personally descended in front of Luo Zheng!
Then, Qing Yu smiled sweetly at Luo Zheng. "I'll borrow … you!"
As soon as she finished speaking, she stretched out her hand and pointed towards Luo Zheng from afar!
Luo Zheng himself didn't feel anything strange …
However, after Soft Whisper pointed, a green sphere appeared at the tip of the Staff of Life in front of her.
These spheres were only the size of a fist, and they looked like ostrich eggs as they rolled down from the tip of the Staff of Life …
These spheres contained the strongest law of life in the universe. This was the ninth level of the law of life.
"What is Qing Yu trying to do?"
"She seems to have used reincarnation on Luo Zheng?"
"Ying is the only one in the universe who has cultivated to the ninth level of the law of life, but reincarnation is also limited. Besides, shouldn't she use Luo Zheng's body as a medium to reincarnate?"
These Celestial Venerables hadn't cultivated to the ninth level of the law of life, but they could roughly guess it.
If she wanted to reincarnate Luo Zheng, she had to first kill Luo Zheng and then give him a new life.
These Celestial Venerables were also confused by Qing Yu's actions.
The first small sphere rolled slowly on the ground. Soon, the surface of the sphere started to extend, and then it started to expand and transform …
The green sphere kept transforming and gradually grew to the height of a person. Then, it revealed a green spine, contracted lungs, a heart, and finally muscles, hair, and skin …
A person who looked exactly like Luo Zheng appeared beside Qing Yu.
From appearance to cultivation, to temperament and ability, this person was practically no different from Luo Zheng!
The only difference between him and Luo Zheng was that he wasn't wearing any clothes …
"Ah, so embarrassing …" Xi Youqin, who was on the chess piece, started to feel a little uncomfortable when she saw this scene. She couldn't bear to see her husband standing there naked.
Luo Zheng's eyes also revealed a hint of surprise.
In front of him, there was another person who looked exactly like him?
Luo Zheng had encountered this situation in the illusion array before, but the illusion array was just an outline of an illusion. Although this was the Illusory Battlefield, Qing Yu had indeed reconstructed herself!
She was … Creation!
＝＝＝＝＝