When Soft Whisper casually created a Luo Zheng, all the Empyreans held their breaths.
Many Sector Lords also stared with wide eyes at the unbelievable scene in the picture scroll.
Soft Whisper had casually created strange plants and fierce beasts, which was understandable.
She had been immersed in the Life Laws for many years, so it wasn't difficult for her to do this …
When one cultivated the Life Laws to the sixth level, they could create spiritual beings.
They could create living beings they needed, but the process was very slow.
When one cultivated to the seventh level, they could directly use the Life Laws to create living beings, and the speed was incomparably fast. When one reached Ying's level, they could create living beings to defend against enemies.
But before creating a living being, they needed to thoroughly analyze the living being, and those living beings weren't complete.
But Soft Whisper had created a real Luo Zheng in such a short time!
In the Heavenly Dao, there was a kind of destiny, the destiny of creation. This was the pinnacle of the Life Laws, the profound meaning of the tenth level, creation.
By bearing this destiny, one could create things.
Soft Whisper was Ying …
She was only the King of Life, and her strength might be able to contend with an Empyrean, but she didn't bear the destiny of creation. It was impossible for her to touch upon the profound meaning of creation.
But at this moment, she had created a real Luo Zheng.
In the eyes of the Empyreans, this was simply inconceivable!
She wasn't an Empyrean! How could she do this!
But what was even more inconceivable was that the green balls rolling down from the Staff of Life began to be created one by one. Gradually, they turned into real Luo Zheng, standing side by side in a row!
These "Luo Zheng" had indifferent expressions, but every part of their bodies was undoubtedly Luo Zheng!
"The Empyrean who bore the destiny of creation couldn't casually use this ability …"
"Creation itself has its limits. After all, this ability is too powerful. With a thought, one can create an unknown existence, but one can only create one thing in a short period of time …"
"In other words, not only did Ying break through the limits of the ninth level, she even broke through the limits of the universe?"
"This is the power to surpass the Heavenly Dao!"
Many Heavenly Venerates had incredulous looks on their faces.
To the millions of low-level martial artists, they could feel the restrictions of the Heavenly Dao.
It was already extremely difficult for a warrior to break through to the Third Transformation of the Divine Transformation …
Not to mention becoming a Sector Lord and ascending to the Sky Sovereign position!
Even if they worked hard for their entire lives, it would still be difficult for them to achieve this goal.
Therefore, for ordinary warriors, having this boundary was equivalent to not having it. In any case, they would never be able to touch it in their entire lives.
However, these Celestial Lords were different. They were truly restricted by the Heavenly Dao and had no possibility of advancing any further. They could only watch helplessly as their lifespans ran out and they fell into the Five Decays of Heaven and Man. They became a story in the universe and were eventually buried in history.
Thus, the methods that Qingyu displayed were aimed directly at the dreams of these Empyreans!
Perhaps this method wasn't that powerful. Not to mention creating a few Luo Zheng, even if there were hundreds or thousands of Luo Zheng, the Celestial Lord would be able to destroy them with a wave of his hand.
But the significance it represented was astonishingly great. No Empyrean dared to ignore it.
"This Qingyu … How did she do it?!"
"I want to go to the Fiend Night Clan personally!"
"After the Illusory Battlefield ends, I'm willing to pay them a visit!"
This thought flashed through the minds of all the Empyreans. Some Empyreans wanted to set off immediately, but the battle in the Illusory Battlefield was still ongoing. They were afraid that they would miss out on some important details if they left!
Within the palace shrouded in layers of clouds …
A hint of confusion appeared on the mysterious young woman's face. Her gaze swept across the boundless distance and focused on the "Luo Zheng" that Qingyu had created.
"This is indeed the ability to create. The tenth level of the Heavenly Dao of Life …"
With a wave of her hand, a dazzling golden crown appeared in her hand.
"The Crown of Heavenly Dao of Creation has already been reclaimed by the Heavenly Dao. This woman is quite powerful." The mysterious young woman furrowed her brows as she looked at Qingyu. Then, she stared at the Staff of Life in Qingyu's hand.
"This paragon divine artifact only possesses the karmic laws of the 'Torrent of Life'. It can't help her create things!
"How strange. This has never happened in the past few eras …"
While the mysterious young woman was puzzled, her gaze focused on a touch of green. When she looked at the Heavenly Dao of Life, she fell into deep thought. There was actually a mystery in this universe that she couldn't solve. It was quite comical.
As she was sizing up Qingyu, she didn't expect Qingyu to suddenly raise her head and smile at the clouds that couldn't be dispersed. There was a hint of mockery in that smile.
It was unknown whether Qingyu smiled intentionally or unintentionally.
"Ha … How dare you laugh at me!" The mysterious young woman immediately puffed up her cheeks. A feeling of being fooled arose spontaneously …
…
On the chessboard, Qingyu faced Luo Zheng. She said to Luo Zheng calmly, "I really envy you Dao Disciples. You are born extraordinary and have the ability to surpass the Heavenly Dao. It's a pity for us old fellows …"
Actually, Qingyu and Ying weren't considered old. Ying, Yao, and Xun were the three new kings. Compared to the lifespan of those Celestial Venerables, they were extremely young. Especially Qingyu, who was only 20 years old after reincarnating. In theory, she was younger than Luo Zheng by a few years.
"Your strange sword is indeed very powerful." Qingyu continued smiling. "But are you sure you can defeat yourself? Defeat … ten of yourself? "
After she finished speaking, the ten Luo Zheng on her body suddenly started to move …
Every strand of hair and every inch of muscle on their bodies were exactly the same as Luo Zheng's.
Strictly speaking, Qingyu couldn't be considered as a creation. She was a clone, a copy. It was just that she used the ability of creation to perfectly copy ten Luo Zheng!
"Whoosh whoosh whoosh whoosh whoosh …"
The ten Luo Zheng disappeared in front of Qingyu in an instant and floated towards Luo Zheng from different directions!
Fortunately, Luo Zheng had entered the emotion-severing state. Otherwise, he would have felt very awkward seeing ten people who were exactly the same as him but naked.
Luo Zheng hadn't become a Dao Disciple. His emotion-severing wasn't complete, so he still felt a bit strange.
But this didn't affect his combat strength …
This woman was showing something to those Celestial Venerables.
He might not understand.
But Luo Zheng only knew that he had to win!
"Buzz …"
The Thunder Wind Ghost Divine Sword shook heavily in his hand, and a sharp sword intent shot out!
It faced one of the "Luo Zheng" who was charging towards him!
But before the sword light released by the Godly Yi Sword could slash at the opponent, a white mist spread out from the opponent's body!
"Eight Turns Flying Smoke!"
That "Luo Zheng" slightly twisted his body in the air and tried to dodge the power of his sword at an unimaginable angle!
But the speed of the Godly Yi Sword was also extremely fast. Although the Eight Turns Flying Smoke was incomparably exquisite, the Godly Yi Sword was still able to break through the three inch boundary, and this sword still hit that "Luo Zheng".
"Pu!"
Blood spurted out, but this sword only cut through the opponent's skin. That "Luo Zheng" drew a strange arc in the air and directly charged towards Luo Zheng!
"Retreat!"
Luo Zheng didn't dare to take this punch head on and quickly retreated.
But at the same time, three "Luo Zheng" flanked him from both sides …
"Youshen Shadow!"
Dozens of shadows with the same silhouette as Luo Zheng suddenly shot out from the Thunder Wind Ghost Sword and charged towards those "Luo Zheng".
These "Youshen Shadows" were very useful. The moves they used were also Luo Zheng's fist techniques, and they were extremely exquisite.
But these "Youshen Shadows" were ultimately just sword techniques. How could they be a match for the real "Luo Zheng"?
"Pu pu pu …"
In an instant, the "Youshen Shadows" released by Luo Zheng were cleaned up by those "Luo Zheng". They were not even able to delay for a breath's time!
Finally, the first "Luo Zheng" charged in front of Luo Zheng and smashed a fist towards him!
"This Luo Zheng is proud of his brute strength. How is he going to face his own strength now?"
"Heh, ten Luo Zheng, even if they smashed him, they would still be able to kill him …"
"This creation ability is indeed magical. It seems like it can completely duplicate a life?"
Many people didn't care about what it meant for Qingyu to break through the limit …
They only wanted to see the outcome.