Luo Zheng didn't stop after killing the vicious beasts one by one.
After severing his seven emotions and six desires, Luo Zheng didn't have any worries or distracting thoughts. He only had eyes for the sword in his hand …
However, Luo Zheng still hadn't completely stepped into the Divine Way!
When Soft Words held the Staff of Life horizontally in front of her, an invisible force spread out from her hand!
At this moment, even though Luo Zheng had broken free from the shackles of fear, he had no choice but to retreat.
He was indeed unafraid of death, but that didn't mean he would throw his life away …
However, Soft Words wasn't in a hurry. She only smiled at Luo Zheng, but her eyes were wandering outside the Heaven and Earth Chessboard.
Looking from outside the painting, she was facing the audience outside the painting …
The Staff of Life suddenly stood upright, and Soft Words' voice spread out.
Actually, this scroll unfolded above the countless dream spaces in the universe, and it was equivalent to a special roar. However, her voice could only be transmitted around the dream spaces, and there was a limit to the number of living beings it could cover. However, it could display her image.
"Old fogeys, open your eyes wide and look clearly. Look at the 'Limit of the Heavenly Law' that you've been talking about so enthusiastically. Watch how I break it …"
Soft Words' words were directed at the Heavenly Venerables …
Many Heavenly Venerables in the universe had already guessed Soft Words' identity, and Soft Words seemed to know that she couldn't escape the discerning eyes of those Heavenly Venerables, so she didn't deliberately hide herself.
It was just that these words confused those Heavenly Venerables. The 'old fogeys' she spoke of should be directed at the Heavenly Venerables. What was Soft Words trying to do?
"Limit of the Heavenly Law …"
In Cloud Mist Heavenly Palace, Heavenly Venerable Cloud Fox revealed a look of surprise.
Yun Luo, who was standing at the side, also asked in surprise, "Is she trying to tell everyone that she can break this limit?"
Heavenly Venerable Cloud Fox nodded …
"It's possible, but it's also impossible …" Heavenly Venerable Cloud Fox was also a little conflicted.
The Limit of the Heavenly Law was also the greatest limit in the universe.
This was an absolute limit to the power of the many living beings in the universe.
Up until now, only Dao Children could cross this round of the Heavenly Law. Only after the Mahayana Lotus was fully activated could they cross this round and become a True God.
And how rare were Dao Children?
In the past 100 million years, how many living beings had been born in the universe? It was a number that even Heavenly Venerables couldn't count.
So many living beings, but not a single Dao Child had been born …
In the past, the time scale of a Dao Child's birth was measured in hundreds of millions of years, and it was said that a genius would only appear once in a hundred million years.
It was also because of the arrival of this great world that so many geniuses had appeared, but the number of Dao Children still didn't exceed ten …
None of the Heavenly Venerables were Dao Children.
After bearing the Mandate of Heaven, the lotus directly stabilized and couldn't bloom again.
Heavenly Venerable Cloud Fox had activated 33 lotus leaves tens of millions of years ago, and even now, it was still 33 …
It was no longer possible for him to cross the Heavenly Law.
Not only him, but all the other Heavenly Venerables had lost this ability.
On the contrary, there was a trace of a possibility for those Realm Lords, but this possibility was also very small.
In fact, there were people who could cross the Heavenly Law as Heavenly Venerables, but there was only one person in the entire universe, and that was Chen Huang's Sword Fighting Heavenly Venerable.
However, the matter of the Sword Fighting Heavenly Venerable becoming a True God was still a secret, and no one knew about it.
And no one knew whether he could break through the limit as a Heavenly Venerable because of the Severing Emotion Divine Dao.
All the Heavenly Venerables in the universe were attracted by Qingyu's words.
This Ying was willing to give up everything to reincarnate. Could it be that she had really discovered something?
Did she really have a way to get rid of the restrictions?
"Ying, no matter what you discovered, let's wait and see …" An old man from the Sky Immortal Clan murmured.
No one was willing to be restrained, but how many people had been able to break free from it since ancient times?
All they saw was Ying tapping the All Lives Staff on the ground …
Swish, swish, swish …
The instant the tip of the staff touched the ground, bits of green appeared on the grayish-white Heaven and Earth chessboard. Soon, the green began to spread, covering the entire chessboard, turning it into a sea of green.
Flowers, grass, and trees grew rapidly, appearing full of vitality.
The green grass grew past Luo Zheng's knees, and a strange look flashed across his wooden face.
Luo Zheng instinctively felt threatened, but he still couldn't understand what Qingyu was trying to do.
"This is much more pleasing to the eye," Qingyu continued. Her words were not only directed at Luo Zheng, but also at the other Heavenly Venerables. "After cultivating the Law of Life to the ninth level, no matter how hard I try, I can't take another step forward …"
The ninth level of the Law of Life only had one profound meaning, and that was reincarnation.
Not only could Qingyu reincarnate herself, but she could also reincarnate into someone else.
However, reincarnation was different from the previous Heavenly Venerables who had the heavenly mandate of resurrection. After reincarnation, all of one's cultivation would be exhausted. Apart from memories, it was equivalent to changing one's shell.
Qingyu was not a Heavenly Venerable, so she could only cultivate the Law of Life to this level.
If she wanted to take another step forward, she had to shoulder the heavenly mandate that was related to the Law of Life!
"I've tried in many directions, but no matter which direction I go, there's always an insurmountable limit. I believe you've encountered it before." Qingyu smiled.
Many Almighties cultivated to this level in order to pursue a higher level of power.
To Heavenly Venerables, wealth, lust, and power were insignificant. They disdained pursuing them …
Although the universe was vast, how big was it to Heavenly Venerables?
Although many mystic realms hid countless secrets, the benefits these secrets brought to Heavenly Venerables were miniscule.
The purpose of their existence was to explore a world that they did not know …
"I know you've all failed," Qingyu continued. "However, I'm about to succeed …"
Qingyu was not stingy with sharing her discoveries.
In this scroll, she was displaying her power to the entire universe!
A green spiral revolved around the Whisper Sword and spread out. Immediately after, a warm breeze swept up, causing the small trees and grass to sway gently …
Qingyu didn't have a strong killing intent in this aura.
What followed was a majestic life force that soared into the sky from Qingyu's body!
Her long, curly hair fluttered in the wind, revealing a pair of beautiful eyebrows.
Her nearly perfect eyes revealed a green glow, as if the God of Life had personally descended in front of Luo Zheng!
Then, Qingyu smiled sweetly at Luo Zheng. "Let me borrow you … for a moment!"
After saying that, she pointed at Luo Zheng from afar!
Luo Zheng didn't feel anything strange …
However, as soon as Whisper pointed, a green sphere appeared at the tip of the Staff of All Lives in front of her.
These spheres were only the size of a fist. They looked like ostrich eggs as they rolled down from the top of the All Beings Staff …
These spheres contained the strongest Law of Life in the universe. These were the ninth level of the Law of Life.
"What is Qingyu trying to do?"
"She seems to have used reincarnation on Luo Zheng?"
"The ninth level of the Law of Life. Luo Zheng is the only person in the universe who has cultivated it to that level. However, reincarnation also has a limit. Moreover, shouldn't Luo Zheng's body be used as a medium to reincarnate?"
These Heavenly Venerables hadn't cultivated to this level yet, but they could roughly guess what the ninth level of the Law of Life was like.
In order to reincarnate Luo Zheng, the prerequisite was to kill him first and then bestow him with a new life.
These Heavenly Venerables were also confused by Qingyu's actions.
The first sphere slowly rolled on the ground. Soon, the surface of the sphere started to extend. Then, it started to expand and take shape …
As the green sphere continued to take shape, it gradually grew to the height of a person. Then, it revealed a green spine, contracted lungs, a heart, and finally, muscles, hair, and skin …
A man who looked exactly like Luo Zheng appeared beside Soft Whisper.
This person's appearance, cultivation base, temperament, and ability were practically no different from Luo Zheng!
The only difference between him and Luo Zheng was that he wasn't wearing any clothes …
"Ah, how embarrassing …" Xi Youqin, who was standing on the chess piece, started to feel a little uncomfortable when she saw this scene. She couldn't bear to see her husband standing there naked.
Luo Zheng's eyes also revealed a hint of surprise.
There was another person who looked exactly like him in front of him?
Luo Zheng had encountered this situation in the illusion array before. However, the illusion array was nothing more than an illusory outline. Although this was a dream battlefield, Qingyu had indeed recreated herself!
She was … a creation!