The Qing Yu that Luo Zheng was facing was indeed a strong opponent.
Her comprehension of the law was far beyond the existence of the same level …
Although cultivation was Qing Yu's biggest limitation, just the method of "creation" could not be ignored.
Perhaps the strength of Luo Zheng that she replicated had flaws, and could not completely control the things she created, and could only give simple orders.
But this was enough!
Ten replicas of Luo Zheng simultaneously used the Sword of God Yi, which was also a huge challenge for Luo Zheng himself!
"Wu —"
It was accompanied by a sharp buzzing sound.
The ten extremely sharp sword intents turned into a long and narrow sword light in the air, and went straight for Luo Zheng himself …
"The power of their sword … is only 60%!"
In that moment, Luo Zheng had already made a judgment in his heart, but at the same time, he had some doubts.
Whether it was the technique or the comprehension of the Sword of God Yi, those replicas had no difference from him. Why was there such a big gap?
This thought circled around in his mind, but he could not figure it out.
But the golden light that Luo Zheng slashed out had already intertwined with the ten sword lights in an instant!
The Sword of God Yi was 60% of Luo Zheng's. Purely in terms of power, the combination of the ten sword lights was six times that of Luo Zheng's usual Sword of God Yi!
However, Luo Zheng's counterattack was not purely the sword intent of the chaotic aura …
In the past, Luo Zheng did not develop the characteristics of the chaotic aura. He simply used it as vital essence, and the chaotic aura was much more condensed than ordinary vital essence. No matter how he used it, the chaotic aura in his body did not decrease much.
It had to be said that this was a huge waste.
It was because after encountering the Dugu Jian Xiaoxiao, Luo Zheng had a new understanding!
His Guiyuan Yi sword could not be mentioned in the same breath as before.
Perhaps he only had the cultivation of the Divine Ocean Realm …
But the method that he used now was already a method that could only be used by the chaotic treasures in the Realm of the Gods. It was a method that the gods dreamed of!
"Shua …"
The air above the Heaven and Earth Chessboard began to vibrate violently.
That golden glow was like a tide. It looked very beautiful and peaceful.
The ten Yi God's One Sword of the Game God were like sharks swimming against the tide. They wanted to cross this line and kill Luo Zheng!
Such a confrontation was reflected in the eyes of Lie Qianhan and Dugu Jian Xiaoxiao. Each of them was shocked!
Putting aside Luo Zheng's sword, that copy of Luo Zheng's Godly Yi Sword was already so terrifying. Even if they wanted to deal with it, it would be very difficult, let alone ten swords.
However, Luo Zheng's sword had already reached a terrifying level!
"Luo Zheng isn't a Dao Child yet. He hasn't fully stepped into the Divine Dao!" Lie Qianhan's gaze was complicated. When one entered the Divine Path, one would have a strong Dao aura. One could be awe-inspiring without being angry, just like Xuanyuan Chenfeng, who could suppress others with his Dao aura!
"But this method has already surpassed that of a Dao Child, right?" Ji Luoxue's expression was somewhat gloomy. In the past, her impression of Luo Zheng was that he was a guy who only knew how to tell stories. However, now she realized that even if she stepped into the complete Five Elements Divine Dao, she was afraid that she wouldn't be Luo Zheng's opponent.
"This person has mastered the chaos energy …"
"Dugu, if there's a chance, can you personally pay him a visit?"
"I'm willing to exchange the biggest secret with him …"
"At all costs!"
That broken sword was still confused about the fact that Luo Zheng could use the chaos energy.
Coming from the God Realm, it was very clear about the terror of the chaos energy …
Chaos Treasures had only been developed for a few years, but now they were on par with Primordial Treasures. They even had the faint intention of surpassing Primordial Treasures!
If it could borrow Luo Zheng's chaos energy to repair itself, its goal could be advanced by countless years!
Dugu Jian Xiaoxiao nodded silently.
Dugu used to think that she was the luckiest person …
At one time, she didn't even put the Dao Disciples of the four great clans in her eyes.
Now it seemed that the competition in the universe was really too fierce. Now, every opponent she encountered had opportunities no less than her own!
"I … still need to work hard!"
Under this shock, Dugu Jian Xiaoxiao also understood that she should guard against arrogance and rashness.
In the end, she stood in the top ten. There were still many opportunities in the future.
Those shark-like swords of the God of War continued to roll around in the spreading golden light. Break out of the encirclement …
Occasionally, they would break through a gap, but that gap would be instantly filled by the surrounding golden light. These ten 'sharks' were unable to break through this line of water!
After a few breaths of time, these ten swords were finally annihilated by Luo Zheng's sword!
However, the power of Luo Zheng's Origin Returning Sword was also reduced by ninety percent. Only a tenth of its power was left, but it didn't cause much damage to Qingyu and the ten clones around her.
However, Luo Zheng smiled slightly and once again held the Lightning Wind Ghost Sword horizontally in front of his chest.
The second sword was already in the midst of accumulating power!
Because the Origin Returning Sword had fused with the original power of the chaotic aura, it consumed a lot of chaotic aura. However, it only consumed ten percent of it.
Luo Zheng raised the sword. Light poured out, as if a new god was born …
With a thought from Qingyu, those 'Luo Zheng' raised their swords at the same time. At this moment, she could only use the God Yi Sword to fight against Luo Zheng.
However, those ten clones didn't condense any sword intent …
"This …" Qingyu frowned slightly.
The scene in front of him solved the confusion in Luo Zheng's heart in an instant.
Qingyu could duplicate Luo Zheng's body. Under the power of creation, her life law had lost its shackles. This method was indeed amazing, but she was ultimately not a creator!
She could create a Luo Zheng, but it wasn't a mirror image of Luo Zheng. Instead, it was a reconstructed life form. She couldn't obtain the power of the dragon scale, nor could she obtain the chaotic aura …
These 'Luo Zheng' used vital essence.
The God Yi Sword consumed a terrifying amount of vital essence.
Usually, Luo Zheng used the chaotic aura to drive the God Yi Sword. Each sword could reach one hundred percent of its power!
However, just releasing vital essence was far from enough. Therefore, the God Yi Sword that Luo Zheng used was only about sixty percent of its power.
However, this God Yi Sword with sixty percent of its power had already consumed all the vital essence of these 'Luo Zheng'.
How could he release the God Yi Sword when his vital essence was completely exhausted?
"It's over …"
Luo Zheng released this sword once again.
The tide-like golden sword intent flowed along the chessboard of heaven and earth, directly surging towards Qingyu and her clones. Then, it drowned them and tore them apart …
At this moment, Qingyu also gave up resisting.
With her comprehension of the life law, she could still deal with this sword even if she couldn't resist it. However, it had already lost its meaning.
Moreover, she had already achieved her goal …
She believed that those old fellows had already made a decision in their hearts.
The golden afterglow of the Thundergale Ghost Sword dissipated, returning to its original blue body. Luo Zheng once again stuffed it into his spatial ring.
Luo Zheng had won this battle!
"Haha, this old man's sword can be used by this kid. It can be considered an honor." In the Misty Cloud Heavenly Palace, Xiao Daolai's face revealed a trace of satisfaction.
The gap between Ai Anxin and Luo Zheng was still too great. Even after six years of nurturing by Xiao Daolai, the gap between her and Luo Zheng had only grown larger and larger. After being eliminated early on, Xiao Daolai still felt a trace of unwillingness in his heart.
However, seeing the Thundergale Ghost Sword display such power in Luo Zheng's hands, he could only console himself a little.
Before this, Qingyu was almost considered an undefeatable existence …
After Luo Zheng defeated Qingyu, many cultivators began their own analysis.
"In the end, Qingyu cultivates the life law. This law itself isn't really that powerful …"
"Nonsense, if she isn't powerful, how could she defeat those heaven's prides and Dao Children?"
"I'm saying she isn't powerful enough …"
Theoretically speaking, the life law didn't have an advantage in a battle between cultivators.
However, Qingyu's ability to create also couldn't be ignored.
If Luo Zheng hadn't comprehended the Origin Returning Divine Sword, perhaps he would have fallen under the joint attack of ten Luo Zheng …
After defeating Qingyu, according to the rules of the round-robin battle, Luo Zheng only had two opponents left.
Xuanyuan Chenfeng, Hua Tianming, and Ku Deng.
These three people had hidden their strength very deeply. Two of them should fight first, and the winner would challenge Luo Zheng!
Luo Zheng naturally didn't know who he was about to face.
＝＝＝＝＝