The battle between Luo Zheng and Qing Yu had completely stimulated Luo Zheng's real strength.
For a time, people began to have different guesses about who would be the first …
In the beginning, everyone was inclined to Xuanyuan Chenfeng.
He was the number one Dao Child that everyone had high hopes for. He was an all-rounder who excelled in everything. His only problem was probably Qing Yu.
But now that Luo Zheng had defeated Qing Yu and showed his great strength, people were shocked to realize that the ascender who had been buzzing in their ears with the roaring token was now qualified to compete for the first place in the universe!
Xuanyuan Chenfeng was waiting.
Hua Tianming was also waiting.
Only Ku Deng put his palms together, and his face was calm …
"Gods Without Thought, Hua Tianming versus Ku Deng of the Ten Thousand Buddha Sacred Region …"
When that cold voice arose, Ku Deng suddenly opened his eyes, which sparkled with a sharp light. His aura changed dramatically.
A moment ago, he was still like a stone, and the next moment, he released the aura of a dragon and tiger!
The aura released from his body was solemn, brave, and even fierce!
"Whoosh!"
Ku Deng jumped heavily, and like a sinking iron ball, he smashed into the Heaven and Earth Chessboard! Then, his chess piece was placed on the chessboard with a loud bang.
Ku Deng was not famous among the Dao Disciples, and he had always been a quiet figure.
At first, many powerful figures predicted that at least three of the four people from Gods Without Thought would be in the top five. If such a situation occurred, then the entire human race from Gods Without Thought would become the dominant force in this great world.
However, the final result was completely out of his expectations.
Gods Without Thought only occupied one of the top five positions, and the other three were eliminated to the bottom five.
Ku Deng of the Ten Thousand Buddha Sacred Region, on the other hand, performed very stably and reached this point.
As for Hua Tianming, people were even more speechless.
He was indeed from Gods Without Thought, but he said that he came from an unknown Cloud Hall.
And the strength that he had shown before was also shocking.
He directly eliminated Luo Xi Xuan, a Dao Disciple from the Demi-Immortal Clan …
Because of the premature elimination of Luo Xi Xuan, Luo Xi Xuan was not even able to enter the top ten, a great dark horse!
However, he did not know if Hua Tianming would continue to be matched up against Bitter Lamp.
After Ku Deng entered the arena, Hua Tianming also took a step forward and landed lightly on the Heaven and Earth Chessboard.
His face, which was full of heroic spirit, was already faintly brewing with fighting spirit.
After stepping over this person, he would have to face Luo Zheng directly!
"Benefactor, you are eager to win," Bitter Lamp said to Hua Tianming.
Hua Tianming smiled faintly. "If you don't want to win, why don't you just admit defeat?"
Ku Deng slightly nodded. "You are right. I also have the desire to win. But my heart is different from yours..."
Hua Tianming said indifferently, "Can you differentiate between high and low?"
"I don't think so …"
Speaking of this, Hua Tianming held the sword hilt on his back and raised it.
The sword hilt turned into shadows in the air, and then the long sword hilt was embedded in the arena, two inches deep.
If he lifted the sword hilt, the sword would definitely be pulled out of the scabbard.
Facing this battle, Hua Tianming had to go all out!
Ku Deng's expression was calm, but there was caution in his eyes. He took out a Buddhist staff from his kasaya.
The Buddhist staff was pure gold, emitting a beautiful light. There were nine rings connected at the top, and when they collided with each other, they emitted a clear and melodious sound, unceasing.
Nine Rings Buddhist Staff!
The supreme treasure of the Hidden Spirit Temple...
The supreme artifact ranked seventh on the Universal Myriad Spirit Stele!
This supreme artifact had not appeared in the world for many years. As the first person in the Ten Thousand Buddha Sacred Area, it was normal for Ku Deng to give this supreme treasure to him.
"Amitabha. Benefactor, you can make the first move," Ku Deng said to Hua Tianming, standing with the staff in his hand.
His words were almost the same as when he was fighting Lie Qianhan...
Ku Deng had never made the first move.
Every time Lie Qianhan made a move, Ku Deng would use a more powerful method to resolve it...
Normally, when warriors fought, they would make the first move to gain the upper hand.
However, Ku Deng's unique skill was to make the first move after making the first move.
Hearing Ku Deng's words, Luo Zheng's eyes flashed with a touch of surprise.
In the battle with Luo Xi Xuan, Hua Tianming had shown the Blink Speed, which was extremely fast.
Making the first move after making the first move was very useful in many cases. When the opponent made the first move, he could use a big move to resolve it, and counterattack in the process.
However, Hua Tianming won with speed. Could Ku Deng deal with it?
Hua Tianming did not decline modestly. Swordsmen were righteous, but swordsmanship was also about fighting!
He held the sword hilt and took a step forward, but the scabbard was still embedded in it...
He took another step and pulled out the sword.
When he took this step, the sword was pulled out two feet. Most of it was still in the scabbard. However, the two-foot sword was emitting a dazzling light, which made people unable to see it clearly!
Countless pairs of eyes in the universe were staring at the sword. They wanted to see what kind of power this sword could release...
Ku Deng looked calm, gazing at Hua Tianming indifferently. The Nine Rings Buddhist Staff in his hand was slightly tilted.
He knew that Hua Tianming's speed was extremely terrifying...
However, with speed alone, he could not be his opponent.
The moment Hua Tianming's foot landed on the ground ….
"Clang!"
The sound of the sword being unsheathed was heard!
Hua Tianming's hand had a beam of light...
That speed was too fast!
People couldn't see what Hua Tianming's sword was. They only thought that he was holding a dazzling light!
Stepping on the light, slashing with the light!
In a flash, Hua Tianming had rushed to Ku Deng.
"Ding ding ding ding ding..."
Hua Tianming's shadow was drifting around Ku Deng.
Then he would appear in front of Ku Deng. However, before he could slash, his figure would suddenly disappear. That sword would slash out from behind Ku Deng!
Slash, chop, stab, point...
Every beam of sword light was so deadly.
Every step he took was closely linked to each other …
In comparison, Ku Deng's speed was much slower.
Compared to Hua Tianming's speed, Ku Deng's speed could be described as a snail.
However, although Ku Deng's speed was slow, his accuracy was terrifying!
Every time he swung his staff, he could block Hua Tianming's sword. From beginning to end, it was just right.
If people didn't know, they would think that the two had rehearsed in advance. The time, speed, and strength were all perfectly grasped...
"That is the power of the 《Calamity of the Future Constellations》..."
"Hehe, the little monk can control the law of time to this extent. It's amazing!"
"This Ku Deng also has the ability to compete for first place!"
With Ku Deng's speed, when he swung his staff, Hua Tianming could slash out hundreds of times.
However, by relying on the 《Calamity of the Future Constellations》, he could judge Hua Tianming's sword moves and attacks to a certain extent, so he could defeat the slow with speed!
Therefore, Hua Tianming not only didn't hit any vital parts, but was also captured by Ku Deng's staff in advance...
Ku Deng only needed to place his staff somewhere to force Hua Tianming to change his body movements, which made Hua Tianming very uncomfortable!
The first round of fighting lasted for a few breaths, and then Hua Tianming turned into a beam of light and retreated rapidly!
"Clang!"
The long sword returned to the scabbard!
Hua Tianming took a deep breath.
In these few breaths, the two had actually exchanged thousands of moves...
Although they didn't have much power, there was no lack of danger.
"Donor's speed is useless to me. You can make other plans," Ku Deng said indifferently, standing in the same place. He still didn't intend to chase after Hua Tianming.
Hua Tianming nodded, but smiled, "You can't say that it's useless, right?"
Ku Deng's eyes narrowed, and at the same time, there was a cracking sound from his nine-ringed staff...
Out of the nine connected rings, one of them was broken!
"Donor's weapon is so sharp. It should be better than the sword on the Myriad Spirit Tablet." Ku Deng's face showed a touch of surprise.
How could the seventh-ranked Supreme Artifact be broken so easily?
But in the fight just now, one ring of the nine-ringed staff had been broken!
Even the Holy Spear of Slaughter couldn't do that...
"Better than the sword on the Myriad Spirit Tablet! Isn't it better than the Supreme Artifact? "
"Then what's the grade of Hua Tianming's sword?"
"What? There are weapons not recorded on the Myriad Spirit Tablet? "