This kind of discussion was very heated, but most people only saw a bright silver light in Hua Tianming's hand.
That light was sometimes elongated, sometimes sharp, sometimes turned into a fan, sometimes surging like waves.
In fact, there were not many people who saw Hua Tianming's sword clearly!
In fact, there were many powerful magic weapons in the universe that had not left their names on the Myriad Spirit Stele.
For example, the Heaven and Earth Mirror of the Demi-Immortal Clan, and the Door of Sin of the Original Sin Heavenly Lord.
Hua Tianming's eyes flashed. His attack just now was like a storm, but even with such speed, he did not hurt Ku Deng!
Ku Deng's method was too strange, which gave Hua Tianming a bad feeling.
This was an opponent who could see the future!
Therefore, although Hua Tianming's speed was very fast, Ku Deng could slowly wave the nine-ringed Buddhist staff to block his attack.
Because Ku Deng knew when he was going to launch a fatal strike to him.
Even his "occasional" counterattack could be a great threat to Hua Tianming …
"You seem to be able to see the future," Hua Tianming said lightly.
Ku Deng put his palms together, and the nine-ringed Buddhist staff shook slightly, "It is not me who can see the future, it is Maitreya."
Maitreya was called the Future Buddha.
Hua Tianming was not interested in the Buddhist's words, and his hand held the sword hilt again, "Even so, I will break your staff, how can you block my sword!"
After saying that, he pulled out the long sword from the scabbard again, and rushed out like a stream of light!
Luo Zheng nodded slightly on the chess piece, Hua Tianming's analysis was not unreasonable.
In the first round of fierce attacks, he may not have hurt Ku Deng, but one of Ku Deng's nine-ringed Buddhist staff was broken!
The nine rings of the nine-ringed Buddhist staff were connected, and the nine worlds in Buddhism …
Powerful people could open nine overlapping worlds in an instant, and under the interlocking, they could make people lost and unable to escape.
Therefore, Hua Tianming, who had broken one ring, actually had the advantage!
When Hua Tianming stepped on the light, Ku Deng's face was still calm, but he still used the nine-ringed staff to block Hua Tianming's sword.
In the blink of an eye, Hua Tianming slashed out countless times with his sword. The speed of his sword was suffocating.
"Ding ding ding ding …"
"Clang!"
Following a series of crisp sounds, another golden ring shattered.
Hua Tianming didn't hesitate either. He continued to circle around Bitter Lamp and attacked with extreme speed …
Not long after, the third golden ring shattered …
The fourth one …
The fifth one …
When the last golden ring shattered, the originally dignified nine-ringed staff suddenly dimmed.
The reason why this Nine Rings Buddhist Staff could be called a supreme divine artifact was because of the nine golden rings that were inlaid on top of it. After all of the golden rings were shattered, this Buddhist Staff instantly dropped a grade.
Right now, this Buddhist staff could only be considered a first-grade divine artifact.
Within the Hidden Spirit Temple …
Countless monks sat cross-legged on the ground, chanting in a low voice.
Only the Young Master and a few senior monks were looking at the scroll …
"The Nine Rings Buddhist Staff has shattered …"
"This boy's sword is so fast and sharp that it can't be broken. It's normal."
"However, people all know that the Nine Rings Buddhist Staff is famous for its nine rings to suppress the world. They don't know that in the Asura Way, the nine rings are just restraints."
"Ku Deng has borrowed this boy's power."
"Clang!"
Hua Tianming put his long sword back into its sheath. He stood by his sword and asked faintly, "Now, how will you block my sword?"
Ku Deng looked at the staff in his hand. He didn't show any anxiety on his face. "My Dao is great and free, but I need to create nine layers of worlds to bind it. This world can be a dream, a bubble, or a shadow, but it can also contain the Asura Way …"
While he was talking, the top of the staff began to emit a bloody aura. From the top of the staff, scarlet blood flowed out.
At the same time, Ku Deng's temperament changed drastically. Before, he looked like a nice little monk, but now, his face had turned ferocious. His calm eyes were filled with a violent power!
Asura!
As the holy object of the Hidden Spirit Temple, the Nine Rings Buddhist Staff rarely appeared in the world. Even if it did, the first form of the Nine Rings Buddhist Staff was enough to deal with it.
However, there was a secret hidden in it.
There was an evil god sealed in it, which was the Asura …
When the Nine Rings were broken, the Asura would possess the body!
Soon, Ku Deng's ears became extremely sharp. He didn't look like a human anymore, but a monster.
Only his voice was still calm.
"Turning into the Asura is a big Buddhist precept. However, I cultivate the Buddhist Way, and I seek freedom between good and evil. I'm free in the Buddhist Way, so this precept is not forbidden!"
After saying that, Ku Deng grabbed the Buddhist staff and pushed it down with all his might.
"Pop …"
Countless cracks began to spread out from the bottom of the Buddhist staff.
The Heaven and Earth Chessboard, which was one hundred thousand feet long, wasn't big for warriors. With a gentle touch, the surging power spread out, and the whole chessboard turned into a pile of rubble, then collapsed …
Hua Tianming grabbed his sword, floating in front of Ku Deng.
"Benefactor, be careful!"
"Whoosh whoosh whoosh …"
After Ku Deng turned into the Asura, his speed was extremely strange.
He circled in the air, and the staff shadows covered the sky and covered the earth, heading toward Hua Tianming …
"Great Manjushri Staff Technique!"
After Ku Deng flashed, Hua Tianming stepped on the light again.
The Great Manjushri Staff Technique was extremely fierce. Combined with Ku Deng's Asura form, the sharpness was almost unstoppable!
Hua Tianming had to retreat for the time being!
However, Ku Deng didn't want to give Hua Tianming any chance. The Great Manjushri Staff Technique struck out, and the staff shadows covered the sky, heading toward Hua Tianming!
"Hmph!"
Light flashed under Hua Tianming's feet. His whole body was like a shooting star, shuttling through the overlapping staff shadows. Although the staff shadows were dense, they didn't even touch Hua Tianming's sleeves.
Although Ku Deng waved thousands of staff shadows, at this moment, in one of his eyes, there was another scene.
Although the scene was extremely hazy, every scene was extremely precious to him!
That was the scene after three breaths …
After three breaths, Hua Tianming would suddenly come to his back!
One, two, three …
After three breaths, Ku Deng was one step ahead, and hit his back with his staff.
"Ding!"
The staff accurately blocked Hua Tianming's sword.
Hua Tianming's sword didn't succeed, so he immediately moved away, frowning slightly.
This person could see the future, and he could foresee any move one step ahead, which was really troublesome.
This battle was more difficult than Hua Tianming had imagined. Those who could enter the top five were indeed not weak. Not only were they almost perfect in all aspects, but they also had some extremely powerful magical skills!
Looking at the staff shadows that covered the sky, continuing to cover him, Hua Tianming's eyes showed a touch of coldness.
He needed to change his method …