Before this, Ku Deng was calm and unhurried, just like drinking warm water.
When faced with a weaker opponent, his methods could not be said to be incisive.
But soon, he found that this guy became stronger when facing a strong opponent. Even against an opponent like Lie Qianhan, he still acted after making a plan …
But overall, his performance was still too calm.
At this moment, a picture flashed in Ku Deng's eyes, and he took the initiative to attack.
He cultivated the Future Constellation Calamity, which could break the fence of time and see the future. This was the Eyes of Constellation unique to the Ten Thousand Buddha Sacred Region.
After pouring True Essence into the eyes, the pupils would reflect a certain time in the future.
Even in the Hidden Spirit Temple, only two martial artists had mastered this magical power. One was Ku Deng, and the other was the abbot of the Hidden Spirit Temple.
With Ku Deng's ability, the picture after three breaths was clearer …
After ten breaths, the picture gradually blurred …
After twenty breaths, the picture was indistinguishable.
When Ku Deng used the Eyes of Constellation to check the picture after ten breaths, he saw a very horrible scene!
Hua Tianming had used some kind of extremely fierce magical power to kill him!
The picture was very blurry, and Ku Deng could not see Hua Tianming's means clearly, so he could not resist.
In this case, Ku Deng could only take the initiative!
"Ten Thousand Scorching Sun Magical Power!"
Ku Deng clapped his hands abruptly, and a huge Buddha wheel spun out of his hands!
Under the endless Buddha light, it was like a sun had appeared, and even Ku Deng's Asura face was full of light!
In fact, there was no such thing as a Daoist in Buddhism cultivation.
But Buddhism cultivation paid attention to the First Zen, Second Zen, Third Zen, and Fourth Zen!
After breaking the Fourth Zen, it was magical power!
And magical power meant that one had truly stepped into Buddhism, and was considered a Daoist of the Divine Dao.
Ku Deng had already cultivated magical power, so the outside world regarded him as a Daoist of the Ten Thousand Buddha Sacred Region.
This magical power covered the sky and covered the earth, and Hua Tianming was shrouded in it. In the scorching sun, there were tens of thousands of golden palm prints!
Buddhism was magnificent!
It had the momentum of destroying the world!
It made the hearts of Luo Zheng, Xuanyuan Chenfeng, and other Daoists palpitate …
"This little monk … is so strong?"
"Ten Thousand Scorching Suns! Haha, the supreme divine ability of the Hidden Spirit Temple was actually mastered by this Bitter Lamp! "
"The Ten Thousand Buddha Sacred Region has never liked to compete with others, but the heritage of their Buddhist sect cannot be underestimated!"
"That Hua Tianming was defeated by his foundation!"
This scene was indeed an eye-opener for many martial artists in the universe.
It was a fight between warriors of the Spirit Sea Realm, but the momentum that burst out could destroy the world.
It wasn't just some Divine Extreme Realm martial artists. Even Divine Transformation Realm martial artists might be able to resist it if they thought about it!
The speed of the golden palm prints was not fast, but they were very dense. It was as if a layer of the sky was collapsing, and it was about to cover Hua Tianming!
"It is indeed very strong." Hua Tianming looked up at the golden sky and raised the longsword in his hands above his head...
The bright silver light on the long sword gradually dimmed … ….
This was also the first time others had seen the appearance of the sword.
It was three feet and three inches long, a very standard sword …
Wooden hilt, two fingers wide, with a sharp edge in the middle …
From the outside, this sword was extremely ordinary.
However, there were two words engraved on the sword, and these two words were "Tengshe."
Tengshe Sword!
The sword of the master of all weapons …
The sword of Chiyou!
Sabers, spears, swords, halberds, armor, crossbows, and axes were all created by Weapon Grandmasters.
The saber was Tiger Soul.
The sword was Tengshe.
The spear was Absolute Killing.
The halberd was Demon Breaking.
The armor was Bright Light.
The crossbow was Sky Piercing.
The axe was Sky Halberd.
And this Tengshe was the ultimate grandmist treasure, the lost inheritance of Chiyou!
"Tengshe becomes a dragon, the stars of the North Star move, a gentleman like a dragon, the path of the Great Dao!"
The Heavenly Sword that Hua Tianming comprehended back then was the Divine Dao of Justice!
The Heavenly Sword Diagram was the only way to open Chiyou's treasure.
After countless years, Hua Tianming was the only one who had cultivated the Heavenly Sword Diagram.
Then, he was summoned by the treasure and went to that wild continent to obtain it alone …
At that time, Hua Tianming's Lotus Flower was the same as Luo Zheng's. It bloomed continuously until the last petal!
At that time, Hua Tianming already knew his mission!
To him, the universe was just a formality!
The Illusory Battlefield was a step for him!
"Buzz …"
A ray of light appeared under Hua Tianming's feet, and the light screen formed a Great Dao that hung all the way to the depths of the sky!
It pierced through the clouds, through the Star Field, even through the Illusory Battlefield, and through the Heavenly Dao!
In the eyes of everyone in the universe, a pillar of light suddenly appeared in the universe and shot straight up, the distance was immeasurable!
"Ah … how annoying." The mysterious girl stared at the pillar of light that suddenly appeared beside her and frowned slightly. "I actually found Chiyou's sword. What kind of unforeseen event is going to happen in this cycle of evolution! It's really difficult to calculate … "
She looked resentful and found that it was very difficult for her to do this job …
"What kind of phenomenon is this?!"
"I've seen the 33 Catastrophes, the Great Calamity Celestial Phenomenon, and I've also seen thousands of auspicious clouds. I can't see through this pillar of light!" A Heavenly Venerable shook his head.
"What did that brat do!"
"This pillar of light is so beautiful!"
Jiang Zhengyi, who was on the chess piece, looked at Hua Tianming under the golden light and was greatly shocked!
"A gentleman is like a dragon … A gentleman is like a dragon!"
Jiang Zhengyi cultivated the Divine Dao of Justice!
His Lotus Flower was already fully opened, and he was a Daoist. However, his understanding of the word 'justice' was becoming more and more extreme, and he even showed signs of losing himself!
When he saw the Divine Dao of Justice displayed by Hua Tianming, it was like a lamp that suddenly lit up in the darkness. When that lamp lit up, he realized that he had already walked far away …
"Whoosh!"
Hua Tianming stepped on the light again and went against the light!
Tengshe's sword was placed in front of his chest. Facing the golden palm prints, the longsword in his hand transformed into a dazzling sword light!
The ultimate justice of the Sword Dao!
"Huala …"
The sword light spread out like water ripples.
And the surface of all the golden palm prints also transformed into ripples like water ripples.
In an instant, all the water ripples cracked …
The palm prints also cracked!
Those water ripples were created by Hua Tianming's extremely fast sword light!
Others didn't see his sword move …
But this Tengshe was everywhere!
At this moment, Bitter Lamp's face revealed a touch of loneliness …
He chose not to resist anymore.
Because he had already seen the scene after three breaths.
The scene after ten breaths was blurry because of the uncertainty of the future. Therefore, Bitter Lamp would fight hard to change the future.
But the scene after three breaths was too clear, and that was the future that had already been determined …
At this moment, the scene that flashed through his eyes for three breaths was a layer of ripples covering his body.
He knew that the moment the ripples appeared, he had already been slashed countless times by Hua Tianming's sword …
He was powerless to resist.
One breath …
Two breaths …
Three breaths …
Just like what Bitter Lamp Constellation saw.
The invisible sword intent had already passed through his body.
In the end, Hua Tianming was one step ahead and broke his Ten Directions Ten Thousand Laws Scorching Sun.
When the ripples cracked, Bitter Lamp's body disappeared in front of everyone's eyes …
This battle, Hua Tianming won!
The Heaven and Earth Chessboard began to quietly recover, and all the lines and points corresponded to the black and white chess pieces.
Floating above the chessboard, Hua Tianming had already put the Sword Tengshe back into its scabbard …
This scene made the entire universe fall into a state of silence.
The performance of many Daoists before could be described as monstrous.
Every one of these ten people, if placed before the Battle of the Great Era, would definitely be the number one existence in the universe.
For example, Bitter Lamp, Lie Qianhan, Jiang Zhengyi …
But this was an era of monstrous geniuses!
This Hua Tianming's monstrous talent had completely exceeded everyone's imagination!
"Great era! This is the real great era, this is right! Haha! "Someone laughed exaggeratedly.
This absolute shock lasted for a long time before the expressions of the martial artists watching the picture gradually returned to normal.
"This … he really came from your … Cloud Hall?" Ninth Palace Master saw this scene and found it hard to accept.
As a Divine Transformation powerhouse, he was two whole levels higher than Hua Tianming. Just now, he thought that if he fought against Hua Tianming, he would probably die under this person's sword …
But this guy was only at the Divine Sea Realm!
There was a gap of two whole realms between them!
"Mm!"
Ning Yudie just smiled faintly and nodded slightly, her face filled with pride.
＝＝＝＝＝