Previously, Hua Tianming's strength had already caught the attention of many Celestial Masters in the universe.
But after all, he was still in Gods No Thoughts, so he was only overjoyed by the four families.
Hua Tianming had appeared out of nowhere and entered the top five for no reason. This was something that the four families had never expected.
But now that Tengshe's sword had appeared, all the Celestial Masters were thinking about it.
Another sword that transcended the universe had appeared …
This little guy was very likely to change the structure of the entire universe in the future.
On the chess piece, Xuanyuan Chenfeng's eyes were full of fear.
This was the first time he showed such an expression since the Illusory Battlefield opened.
"This swordsman … is indeed powerful." Lie Qianhan sneered. "Chenfeng, go and teach him a lesson!"
Xuanyuan Chenfeng didn't express his opinion. He replied indifferently, "If he wants to fight with me, he has to defeat Luo Zheng first."
"Hmph, Luo Zheng may not be able to defeat Hua Tianming." When mentioning Luo Zheng, Lie Qianhan was unhappy.
After seeing Luo Zheng's strength against Qingyu, Lie Qianhan's understanding of Luo Zheng's strength had reached a new height.
Of course, it wasn't just Lie Qianhan, but also the thousands of warriors in front of the picture scroll.
But Lie Qianhan was defeated by Luo Zheng with one punch, so he was naturally unhappy. He wasn't that weak …
After this battle, Ku Deng's figure appeared on the chess piece again. He sat cross-legged, his eyes calm.
The terrifying strength that Hua Tianming had shown had indeed caused his state of mind to fluctuate …
At this moment, he was silently reciting Buddhist scriptures to suppress his inner demons. He would face the next opponent. Only by maintaining a calm mind could he go further.
Not long after, the mysterious girl's voice sounded again.
According to the rules of the round-robin battle set by this girl, there should be three battles left for the top battle.
It was Luo Zheng against Hua Tianming, then Xuanyuan Chenfeng against Ku Deng. In the end, the winner of these two battles would fight for first place!
"Luo Zheng! Against Hua Tianming! "
When the cold voice sounded, Hua Tianming's face revealed a warm smile.
He knew his mission …
The arrowhead of his destiny pierced through the universe and headed straight for the Divine Realm.
In this round of the Domain of the Gods, he only had one expectation, and that was to face Luo Zheng …
"Sou!"
With a flash of light on the chess piece, Hua Tianming's figure disappeared and appeared on the Chessboard of Heaven and Earth in an instant.
Then Luo Zheng also stepped onto the Chessboard of Heaven and Earth.
Looking at Luo Zheng, Hua Tianming sighed with emotion.
In the past, Luo Zheng had left everyone in the dust. His growth was so fast that Hua Tianming could only look up to him!
Now he was finally standing in front of Luo Zheng!
He had a 70% chance of winning this battle …
A seventy percent chance of success was already very high.
However, Hua Tianming didn't dare to be careless. Luo Zheng's potential was too terrifying. He knew that as long as he gave his opponent the slightest chance, this guy would very likely turn the tables.
The two of them were silent for a while, then Luo Zheng smiled slightly. "Draw your sword …"
Hua Tianming nodded silently. Tengshe slowly pulled out the sword from its scabbard. Then, a bright silver light spread out, and a silver moon seemed to appear in his hand.
At the same time, Luo Zheng also pulled out the Thundergale Ghost God Sword.
The weapons between the two were not equal.
The Thundergale Ghost God Sword was a mere grade one divine artifact. Although it was an outstanding grade one divine artifact and could be listed on the Myriad Spirit Stele, Hua Tianming's sword was a treasure that transcended the Myriad Spirit Stele!
The difference between the two was huge.
Swordsmen existed in their hearts.
Luo Zheng automatically ignored the difference in weapons …
The two swordsmen had already pulled out their longswords.
Countless martial artists in the universe were already holding their breaths.
The most intense battle was about to begin, but they were afraid of missing out on a single scene!
"Hua Tianming should be able to win."
"Luo Zheng's sword that cut down Qing Yu was indeed powerful, but Hua Tianming was able to dodge it. His speed is too fast …"
"Yes, I think so too!"
Hua Tianming judged that he had a sixty percent chance of winning against Luo Zheng.
Almost ninety-nine percent of the martial artists in the universe thought that Hua Tianming would win.
The strength displayed by Ku Deng was really too shocking.
At this moment, many people had already forgotten about the number one Dao Child, Xuanyuan Chenfeng. Most people had already silently given the title of number one Dao Child to Hua Tianming.
Xuanyuan Chenfeng had the Xuanyuan family's foundation. It was the strongest foundation in the universe, even stronger than the Hidden Spirit Temple.
However, a family's foundation wasn't omnipotent. The early Xuanyuan Chenfeng probably wouldn't be able to fight against Hua Tianming …
Hua Tianming slightly swung Tengshe, and a wave of light appeared under his feet. This wave of light circled around him for a moment, then spread along the chessboard towards Luo Zheng!
The instant it spread, Hua Tianming took a step forward!
Stepping on the light!
Instant speed!
In the blink of an eye, Hua Tianming had already charged towards Luo Zheng!
This time, Luo Zheng didn't choose to retreat …
With a gentle shake of the Lightning-Wind Dark Godly Sword, streaks of Dark Godly Shadows split from the sword and formed a human wall that surged toward Hua Tianming!
"Whoosh whoosh whoosh whoosh whoosh …"
These Ghost Shadows could be considered Luo Zheng's doppelgangers, and they used all sorts of different fist techniques to attack Hua Tianming.
"Break."
In the past, these Ghost Shadows could more or less cause some trouble for the opponent.
However, at this moment, Hua Tianming only raised his hand, and a faint ripple appeared in the air in front of him!
The Ghost Shadows that advanced wave after wave instantly shattered, dissipating in front of Hua Tianming, and didn't cause any trouble for Hua Tianming.
"Pa pa pa …"
Following behind the Ghost Shadows, countless lightning bolts appeared, and they were like wild dragons that rushed towards Hua Tianming to devour him!
Facing these lightning bolts, Hua Tianming didn't even try to dodge. Instead, with the momentum of a soaring dragon, he charged straight in!
Tengshe's sword was already stabbing towards Luo Zheng!
"Ding!"
The two swords intersected.
"You should use even more strength," Hua Tianming said indifferently.
With this sword, Luo Zheng's Thunder Wind Ghost Sword already had a hole in it …
A grand grade one divine weapon was like clay in front of Tengshe's sword.
"It's coming!"
Luo Zheng's gaze suddenly became incomparably sharp!
That extremely sharp sword intent instantly shot out!
"Yi Shen's Sword!"
Luo Zheng didn't hesitate to send out this sword!
The Thunder Wind Ghost Sword wrapped in sword intent finally had the strength to fight head on with Tengshe's sword!
However, Hua Tianming only suddenly held Tengshe's sword horizontally, and immediately blocked Luo Zheng's sword!
Ever since Luo Zheng comprehended this Yi Shen's Sword, no one had ever been able to block his sword …
This sword was too sharp, too cold-blooded!
However, Hua Tianming did it …
"Clang!"
Following a crisp sound, Hua Tianming only took three steps back, and a faint smile hung on his face.
"The Emotion Severing Divine Dao is very powerful, but this sword," he shook his head, "is far from enough …"
Purely relying on the Yi Shen's Sword, not to mention dealing with Hua Tianming, he probably wouldn't even be able to defeat Bitter Lamp.
"Then let's go again!"
The Thunder Wind Ghost Sword slightly tilted, and once again slashed out.
Hua Tianming raised his hand slightly, but easily broke this sword …
The two swords faced off.
Hua Tianming only defended and didn't attack, using speed to fight slow.
No matter how exquisite Luo Zheng's sword technique was, how simple it was.
Hua Tianming's fast sword sealed it at an extremely fast speed.
"Clang clang clang clang …"
Both of their feet were firmly nailed to the chessboard.
The two long swords constantly crisscrossed, emitting waves of crisp and pleasant sounds.
At this moment, neither of them used too much power …
That was purely a game of skill!
However, it had always been Luo Zheng who delivered the moves, and Hua Tianming who countered.
In the beginning, Luo Zheng's sword technique was completely countered by Hua Tianming's extremely fast sword technique. After so many sword strikes, there was no threat at all.
This scene seemed to be within the expectations of countless martial artists.
Although the Yi Shen's Sword Technique was powerful, in the end, there was a limit. No matter how exquisite the moves were, they couldn't match the extreme speed!
However, after Luo Zheng's sword strike exceeded a hundred moves, the situation reversed.
Luo Zheng's long sword suddenly trembled, and then became erratic.
He knew that he was doomed to be unable to escape from Hua Tianming's sword.
Just like two people playing chess, he placed a chess piece, and Hua Tianming had already placed a chess piece. How could he win?