Luo Zheng's drifting "formless" move was like a small coiling snake.
After avoiding Hua Tianming's Tengshe, it went straight for his opponent's face!
Facing this attack, Hua Tianming was still calm. He swung the Soaring Serpent Sword in his hand, and three streaks of silver sword light shot back at him like a torrent of mercury.
"Ding ding ding!"
With three crisp sounds, these three swords tapped on the Thundergale Ghost Sword's body!
It was like knocking on a snake's weak spot.
With each tap, the sword intent on the surface of the Thundergale Ghost Sword weakened by a bit!
After three swords, the sword intent that was originally condensed on the surface was forcibly scattered by Hua Tianming.
"Your sword technique doesn't have the advantage," Hua Tianming said indifferently.
Luo Zheng's Yi God Sword was indeed powerful, but Hua Tianming's sword technique was even better!
What he practiced was the 《Sword Art of Beginning》 created by the Weapon Grandmaster …
All the sword techniques in the world were either unconventional, sharp, or used the Dao of Slaughter as a sacrifice to the sword.
But in the end, they couldn't escape from the 《Sword Art of Beginning》!
Whether it was speed or sword techniques, they were all restrained. In the initial confrontation between the two, Luo Zheng could be said to be completely suppressed!
Even under such circumstances, Hua Tianming still didn't relax.
The Luo Zheng he was facing couldn't be so weak!
However, after suppressing Luo Zheng, Hua Tianming gradually let go of his hands and feet and strengthened his offense!
"Whoosh …"
Along with the surging of the bright silver light!
Tengshe blossomed once again. The mercury-like sword light flashed again as Hua Tianming stepped on the light!
"Clang!"
As the long swords intersected, the sound of the sword resonated for a long time!
Chop, hang, tap, stab …
The sword techniques of the 《Sword Art of Beginning》 were very similar to the basic sword technique that Luo Zheng had comprehended.
It could also be said to be the complete version of the basic sword technique!
Coupled with Hua Tianming's speed, it was flawless!
As Hua Tianming took the initiative to attack, Luo Zheng found it difficult to break through his opponent's swordsmanship. He could only passively defend!
However, Hua Tianming's speed was so fast that in an instant, Luo Zheng was surrounded by danger when he stepped on the light. Even after activating Eight Turns Flying Smoke, it was still difficult for him to avoid Hua Tianming's attacks …
However, Hua Tianming had no intention of ending the fight. He was very patient and was still waiting.
"Haha, as I said, this Luo Zheng is definitely not Hua Tianming's opponent."
"He doesn't even have the strength to fight back."
"He doesn't have an advantage in sword moves, speed, or power. What does he have to fight against Hua Tianming?"
"Fortunately, I bet on Hua Tianming. If this goes on, there's no suspense!"
"What kind of swordsmanship is Hua Tianming? It's exactly the same as the basic swordsmanship!"
"Isn't Luo Zheng about the same?"
On the chessboard, Luo Zheng's steps were less than three meters apart. He only moved within three meters.
However, Hua Tianming was different. He was like a butterfly flying back and forth. Occasionally, he would stop and slash with his sword. After pausing for a moment, he would immediately disappear …
In the past, when Luo Zheng faced an opponent, his speed often gave him an advantage.
But now, even if Luo Zheng activated his vital essence and used Eight Turns Flying Smoke, he was still unable to keep up with his opponent's footsteps!
Facing Hua Tianming, Luo Zheng was indeed at a great disadvantage!
However, as Hua Tianming attacked again and again, Luo Zheng fell into a state of enlightenment.
"Hua Tianming's swordsmanship …"
The moves of the Sword Art of Primordial were extremely simple. They were originally compatible with Luo Zheng's basic swordsmanship. However, there was a hidden power within the Sword Art of Primordial that Luo Zheng could not understand!
Within that hidden power, there was a power that surpassed the Extreme Simplicity Sword Dao!
If the Extreme Simplicity Sword Dao of Luo Zheng's feys was "one," then the Extreme Simplicity of the Sword of Inception was "zero."
That was a very mysterious power that was hard to describe and indescribable!
It was not that Luo Zheng's comprehension was not enough!
Instead, this hidden power was accumulated by Chiyou. It was the hidden power that came from the Master of Weapons!
This swordsmanship was called "Inception," and was the foundation of all swordsmanship. In terms of moves, it was in an unbreakable state!
"Ding!"
When Hua Tianming slashed with his sword, Luo Zheng also slashed with his sword!
The two's movements were almost exactly the same, but Luo Zheng's sword was missing something …
Whether it was the form, the posture, or the spirit, it was missing something!
"What is it that's missing?"
Luo Zheng held his sword horizontally in front of his chest and stared at Hua Tianming, who was flying away.
Hua Tianming circled around in the distance and came back again. This time, the Tengshe sword circled around Hua Tianming's side and directly slashed at Luo Zheng!
"Again!"
Luo Zheng also slashed vertically with this sword!
"Clang!"
The two swords slid past each other, and the two crossed each other. However, the moment they crossed each other, a long and narrow wound appeared on Luo Zheng's body!
As for Hua Tianming, he floated away …
"You can't break my swordsmanship. The gap between us is too big." Hua Tianming had an overwhelming advantage, but he still gave Luo Zheng sufficient respect. His eyes were full of heroic spirit, but there was a trace of desolation …
He regarded Luo Zheng as a real opponent! His most important goal!
A few years ago, he couldn't catch up to this goal no matter how hard he ran. There was no possibility of catching up.
But in just six or seven years …
He stood in front of Luo Zheng again, but found that he had already surpassed this goal.
Hua Tianming didn't like this feeling. Luo Zheng could obviously be stronger!
"Again!"
Thinking of this, his eyes revealed a trace of excitement, and he slashed his sword straight at Luo Zheng!
At this moment, Luo Zheng used the same swordsmanship as Hua Tianming. It was also a slash!
However, there was something else in Luo Zheng's swordsmanship …
"Clang!"
After the two swords met, Hua Tianming looked at Luo Zheng with a trace of surprise in his eyes. He froze on the spot, and the wave of light under his feet slowly spread out.
He felt the hidden power in Luo Zheng's swordsmanship, the hidden power of the "Sword of Beginning"!
Although it was very small, it had already begun to take shape …
"Interesting …"
At that moment, Hua Tianming's eyes glowed with vigor.
The Sword of Beginning …
In order to cultivate this swordsmanship, he had spent almost three years.
Three years in the outside world …
In fact, Hua Tianming had been trapped in Chiyou's Treasure for three hundred years. The law of time there had been changed, and the flow of time was 100: 1.
For three hundred years, he had repeatedly cultivated the "Sword of Beginning", which was similar to the basic swordsmanship.
In twenty years, he had gained one point of hidden power!
In eighty years, he had gained two points!
In one hundred and fifty years, he had gained three points!
In two hundred and twenty years, he had finally gained four points of hidden power …
In three hundred years, he had only gained five points of hidden power in the "Sword of Beginning"!
Five points was a small success. To cultivate to small success, Hua Tianming had spent three hundred years, which was three years in the outside world.
But Luo Zheng had already gained one point of hidden power just now?
In less than the time it takes for an incense stick to burn …