This scene made Hua Tianming feel incredulous.
He also found it hard to accept his own judgment …
He believed that Luo Zheng's talent was extraordinarily high and should be slightly stronger than his, but the gap shouldn't be that big!
He had comprehended the Sword Technique of Beginning for a full 20 years before he had a basic understanding of it.
Luo Zheng had only exchanged a few moves with him, and he had already comprehended a little?
Naturally, Hua Tianming didn't know that Luo Zheng's path of enlightenment was based on the extremely simple Sword Dao and gradually improved.
The Sword Dao contained in Yi Shen's Sword Dao was also of the same origin …
With the two complementing each other, Luo Zheng and Hua Tianming formed a complementary force and comprehended the potential of the Sword Technique of Beginning. It was only logical!
"Since you intend to be enlightened, I'll share this opportunity with you!"
In terms of sword moves alone …
Hua Tianming's sword technique actually had the advantage.
The sword technique of the Master of Weapons was born not long after the chaos was created. It was the foundation of all Sword Dao between heaven and earth.
Then, Sword Dao extended into several factions and was carried forward …
Luo Zheng's Sword Dao was indeed extremely simple, but it had lost its potential!
Hua Tianming regarded Luo Zheng as his biggest opponent.
However, he wasn't stingy with Luo Zheng in comprehending the Sword Technique of Beginning …
His attacks were still swift and fierce.
However, his speed had decreased by 60%, and his strength had decreased by 30%!
At this moment, Hua Tianming and Luo Zheng weren't competing in sword moves. They were comparing notes and comprehending at the same time!
Luo Zheng sensed Hua Tianming's motive, and a strange look appeared in his eyes.
It didn't mean that Hua Tianming would definitely lose because he had the advantage in terms of moves.
It was just that Hua Tianming was orthodox. He had the advantage in terms of sword moves, but he wasn't willing to use this advantage to break through. He was truly a great gentleman!
This was Hua Tianming's Dao!
This was his Dao of Justice!
"What are these two fellows doing …"
"Their moves suddenly slowed down. It seems like they don't want to win and are comparing notes here?"
"How can this sword technique be so exquisite!"
However, the countless onlookers were a little confused …
Who didn't want to compete on this chessboard?
The more you won, the more you took, the more weight you had. This was the ranking of the world.........................
Of all the places they could spar, why would they come here to spar?
"What are they doing?" Luo Xi Xuan asked blankly.
..........................................................
. "If I'm not wrong, Hua Tianming's own sword technique isn't complete," said a Celestial Venerable from the Demi-Immortal Clan. "This sword technique is very strange. It's a complex sword technique that has the potential of a divine artifact!"
"What's even more frightening is that Luo Zheng didn't fight Hua Tianming for long, but he was also affected by this potential. This is something that Luo Zheng comprehended himself … Hehe, this talent can't be described as' frightening 'anymore. After all, he's a golden Demi-Immortal kid! However, this kid doesn't seem to be very obedient. The old patriarch sent him here, but he hasn't done anything for a few years, "said another Celestial Venerable from the Demi-Immortal Clan.
The Celestial Venerable in front stared for a while, then nodded and said, "I know. Hua Tianming has also encountered a bottleneck in his sword technique. He must have deliberately imparted his sword technique to Luo Zheng when he sparred with Luo Zheng. He must have used Luo Zheng's training to help himself break through!"
After all, they were Celestial Venerable experts. Their eyes were very sharp. Perhaps they couldn't see through the origin of the Sword of Beginning, but they could analyze Hua Tianming's thoughts.
In addition to pursuing a balance, Hua Tianming did have this idea in his mind.
He had only achieved a small success in the Sword of Beginning. So far, he had only achieved fifty percent of the potential. It would be difficult for him to break through!
The medium of this sword technique was only a piece of bright jade.
When he activated it with his True Yuan, a burly figure would pick up the sword and practice …
In three hundred years, it would appear once in the morning and once in the evening. Every time it appeared, it would only appear for ten breaths of time.
Hua Tianming's comprehension was purely based on observation!
After watching the silhouette practice the sword technique, he followed suit and practiced it.
In that extremely stable treasure trove where time was compressed, he couldn't find anyone else to spar with.
A good sword still needed to be sharpened by a whetstone.
However, Hua Tianming couldn't find such a "whetstone". He couldn't find it in the Lower Realm, and he couldn't find it in the universe!
If Luo Zheng could really comprehend some of the potential of the Sword of Beginning, he could become his "whetstone" …
Of course, sparring with sword techniques was originally about polishing each other!
In this way, the benefits to Luo Zheng were also obvious …
The only problem was, could Luo Zheng comprehend twenty to thirty percent of the Sword of Beginning in such a short time?
Previously, Hua Tianming didn't have such thoughts. After just a few moves, Luo Zheng had already grasped the door, which greatly boosted his confidence!
He didn't care how Luo Zheng did it. He only knew that his idea was feasible!
"Ding, clang, ping …"
The two of them were like disciples who had just started practicing, practicing the basic sword techniques.
Thrusting the sword, hanging the sword, sealing the sword, and setting up the sword. They were practicing methodically.
The martial artists who could see the potential were still okay. This kind of potential had a faint feeling of returning to the origin. If one thought about it carefully, it would be soul-stirring!
However …
There were still many martial artists in the universe who were in a state of complete confusion. These martial artists all had confused expressions on their faces.
"Are these two people sick?"
"This basic sword technique is learned by a child. Isn't this a waste of everyone's time?"
"It's already been fifteen minutes. These two guys …"
There seemed to be no time limit on this Heaven and Earth Chessboard.
The Daoists above were also surprisingly patient. No one opened their mouths to urge them …
Under this continuous sparring, Luo Zheng's comprehension of the sword techniques became clearer and clearer.
It seemed that his grasp of the sword had deepened to another level!
"Clang —"
He raised his sword with a flip of his hand and charged straight at Hua Tianming!
The potential of the "Sword Technique of Beginning" in the sword had increased by another point …
"I've already comprehended 30%. So fast!"
Hua Tianming was slightly shocked. This was already an easy task for him. His long sword moved like a plate and swung away Luo Zheng's attack.
"I wonder how long it will take for Luo Zheng to catch up to his initial success of 50%?" A hint of anticipation gradually surfaced in his eyes …
The number of sword techniques that the two of them had exchanged had already reached 3,000.
However, neither of them looked tired. On the contrary, whether it was Luo Zheng or Hua Tianming, both of them were extremely energetic at this moment!
It seemed that with every thrust of the sword, they would become a little stronger!
This kind of wonderful comprehension was an opportunity that many people would only encounter once in their entire lives …
30% …
40% …
50% …
When Luo Zheng comprehended 50% of the "Sword Technique of Beginning" with Hua Tianming's practice, it was considered a small success!
Compared to Hua Tianming's three years of cultivation, Luo Zheng's speed was countless times faster!
Here, talent was only one aspect. The bigger reason was that the "Sword Technique of Beginning" was originally compatible with Luo Zheng's sword technique!
Or it could be said that they were almost identical.
He only did the simplest arithmetic to completely return the "one" in his heart to zero.
"Wu …"
Ever since Luo Zheng obtained the small success of the "Sword Technique of Beginning", his sword began to hum sharply!
An invisible aura was released and spread out in all directions, filling the entire chessboard of heaven and earth …
The warriors outside the scroll could hear this sound, but they couldn't see or feel the aura.
However, the other eight Daoists on the chessboard seemed to have fallen into an illusion created by chaos. The oppressive aura wasn't strong, but it gave Xuanyuan Chenfeng and the others a wonderful experience. Not only was the aura magnificent, but even their state of mind was magnificent and open!
"This guy, what did he comprehend? Such a big movement!" Lie Qianhan said with dissatisfaction. Even standing on the chessboard was affected by Luo Zheng. He only wanted to say that he had seen a ghost.
"He must have made a breakthrough in the Sword Principle!" Xuanyuan Chenfeng said with a frown.
Before the aura spread out, Hua Tianming retreated dozens of feet away in an instant. This time, he cupped his hands toward Luo Zheng and said, "Congratulations!"
"Thank you." Luo Zheng nodded and quietly felt the wonderful aura!
"No need to thank me. I did it for myself …" Hua Tianming smiled and held his long sword horizontally.
He deeply understood this principle. If there wasn't a shield in the world that could block this sword, then what was the use of making this sword?
＝＝＝＝＝