The sparring between the two didn't stop.
There were often many ways to cultivate …
The first was through self-comprehension!
The cultivation techniques in the chaos were all created by living beings.
All techniques had their roots, and then they would spread and grow, becoming more and more mature, forming factions …
As for the first cultivation method, it was something he comprehended on his own.
Two professors!
The master passed down his lifetime's comprehension from generation to generation, forming a sect, a sect, and a sacred ground …
This was a top-down teaching, treading on the path of predecessors. It was also the most common cultivation method for thousands of living beings.
The third was to temper oneself!
It was to verify what one had learned in one's heart through continuous actual combat. Perhaps one would have a lot of feelings, perhaps one would have an epiphany, or perhaps one would suddenly solve one's doubts.
In fact, this tempering was also a kind of self-comprehension.
Hua Tianming could no longer gain too much from the Sword of Beginning, so he could only choose the tempering method to move forward.
However, after ascending, he realized how despicable the Universe Sword Technique was!
There might be some exquisite sword techniques in this universe, but Hua Tianming couldn't go there …
The Sword Pavilion, the Sword Mountain of Slaughter, the Sword Cleansing Pool …
Hua Tianming, who was at the Divine Ocean Realm, didn't reveal too much in the tenth-rank sacred ground. After all, he was only at the Divine Ocean Realm. If the powerful people in the sacred ground coveted Hua Tianming's inheritance, he might be in big trouble.
Right now, in this Illusory Battlefield, his reputation had already spread to the entire universe. Facing Luo Zheng, he was able to temper himself without any worries.
However, Luo Zheng's sword wasn't so sharp before …
He had become Luo Zheng's whetstone.
Then now …
The two of them kept exchanging moves, slashing, slashing, and stabbing.
Those with high vision watched with great interest, always hoping to read something from the wonderful momentum. If they could benefit themselves, they would naturally benefit a lot.
Those with low vision couldn't see anything. It was really too boring.
As a result, a strange situation appeared in the universe.
The martial artists with lower cultivations and weaker perception were drowsy. From time to time, they would curse a few words. The two people in the picture scroll were also extremely bored.
Those with higher cultivation stared at the picture scroll with bright eyes, fearing that they would miss a single movement. They even practiced it in their hearts …
One hour later …
Two hours …
Four hours later.
Hua Tianming's eyes shone brightly, as if a star was blooming within them!
The invisible auras began to spiral up!
This power did not bring about a breeze, nor did it shatter the chessboard.
However, more than a hundred of the chess pieces on the Heaven and Earth Chessboard were pushed away by the force and shifted their positions!
"The chess piece has been moved …"
"What does that mean?"
"Previously, the entire Chessboard of Heaven and Earth was destroyed, but those chess pieces didn't move at all. That kid's accumulated power can move the chess pieces?"
When warriors of the Spirit Sea Realm fought, they might not have the power to destroy the world, but they had the power to move mountains and break rivers!
This Chessboard of Heaven and Earth that was 100,000 feet long had already been destroyed by these cultivators several times …
Ku Deng's staff broke it, and Ji Luoxue's foot stamped lightly …
However, no one was able to affect these chess pieces. They had always been where they were supposed to be. They had never moved too far, nor had they been harmed in the slightest.
However, at this moment, they were being pushed by Hua Tianming's accumulated power.
Because of this disturbance, the calculations that had already taken shape would have to start all over again.
Many people who were calculating stared at the Heaven and Earth Chessboard. Looking at this new arrangement, their faces suddenly turned ugly …
A huge gap suddenly appeared in the white chess piece that was originally in a defensive position.
And a patch of black chess pieces took advantage of this opportunity to invade …
"Ten Kings Moving Horse Momentum!"
Xuanyuan Chenfeng's gaze suddenly froze …
"What does that mean?" Lie Qianhan stretched his head and asked.
Xuanyuan Chenfeng's expression was serious as he continued to calculate. His calculation speed was even faster than some Heavenly Venerables by a bit!
"A death trap … I wonder if that woman will repeat the game!" Xuanyuan Chenfeng said as he looked at the sky.
Since that jade-like hand could hold onto the chess pieces …
She must be able to move the chess pieces on the Heaven and Earth Chessboard by herself.
Just now, these chess pieces were being pushed by Hua Tianming's accumulated power. It could not be considered her own game. Let's see if she was willing to repeat the game.
After staring for a while, he still did not see that huge jade-like hand breaking through the clouds. He could not help but shake his head.
This mysterious girl's chess skills were not high, and she placed the chess pieces quite casually. Presumably, she was just calculating according to fate. This method of calculating fate was actually more accurate. Then, the possibility of her repeating the game and putting the scattered chess pieces back to their original positions was not high.
"Sigh." Xuanyuan Chenfeng hoped to repeat the game.
If he brought the ten people into this chessboard, he would be the "king" in the previous situation, and others would not be able to take it away from him!
As time went on, Luo Zheng, Hua Tianming, even if they were so arrogant and powerful now, they would eventually be reduced to small characters.
Therefore, when Xuanyuan Chenfeng saw the strength of the two people, although his expression did not look good, at least the luck on the chessboard was on his side. He was not anxious. Even if he really lost to one of the two people, he was not anxious!
Because of Hua Tianming's push, his fate had been completely changed.
In Xuanyuan Chenfeng's heart, he naturally hoped that the mysterious girl would repeat the game …
Unfortunately, she did not intend to repeat the game.
"Chi You's sword has been hidden for so many years, and it has just appeared. It's really domineering …" The mysterious girl stared at the chessboard and said, "This fatal game will probably destroy the entire universe. There will be no winner. If I forcefully repeat the game, I'm afraid this game will be for nothing. It won't be accurate at all …"
Many Celestial Venerables' expressions did not look good.
The change in the chessboard was not only disadvantageous to many Daoists, but also to many races.
This kind of situation was simply impossible to deal with.
"The crisis of the great world is difficult, but it is definitely not a hopeless situation. Why would such a hopeless situation appear?"
"That Hua Tianming is the nemesis of all races!"
"This is fate, the fate of the universe, the fate of the trillions of living beings!"
The Celestial Venerables also roared non-stop …
However, the situation on the Heaven and Earth Chessboard only lasted for ten breaths.
After ten breaths, a force directly spread out from Luo Zheng's body …
That force was almost on par with Hua Tianming's force!
As the force spread out, it pushed the chess pieces away again. There was not a single chess piece within a thousand feet of Luo Zheng!
The situation on the chessboard had actually changed greatly in a short period of time!
"The chessboard has changed again!"
"The chess piece is played from the broken point! The chess piece is reborn from the broken point! "
"Wonderful! Haha! "
With this push, many white chess pieces moved, but it directly changed the chessboard of the fatal game back!
Although the situation on the chessboard was still not optimistic, the white chess pieces had also dragged the black chess pieces into a dead end …
In that case, in the next two or three moves, the outcome would probably be revealed!
After all, this was much better than the previous chessboard …
When Xuanyuan Chenfeng saw this chessboard, his expression eased a lot.
If he calculated based on this chessboard, he could be considered to have broken through two rounds. Although it was still not as good as the beginning, it was not as bad as before.
"In that case, this Luo Zheng can be considered to have helped me?"
At this moment, not only did he calculate based on the chessboard, but he also calculated Luo Zheng and Hua Tianming! Because the two of them had directly moved the chess pieces, they had become the instigators. They had the ability to interfere with fate.
Although Xuanyuan Chenfeng did not want to come to such a conclusion, the result of his calculation was indeed so.
At this moment, the two people's understanding of the 《Sword Art of Beginning》 had improved, and they could be considered to have broken through 50% of the bottleneck!
Hua Tianming held the sword in his hand tightly, and his face revealed a happy expression. He had been stuck at this point for a long time. In order to think of a way to break through the bottleneck, he even had sleepless nights and could not eat or sleep in peace.
He did not expect that in the end, the opportunity would still fall on Luo Zheng.
"Now … we can continue!" Hua Tianming smiled slightly.
In terms of swordsmanship, the two people were under absolute fairness. At this moment, they had broken through the bottleneck. His words were to tell Luo Zheng that it was time to compete for the real victory!
Luo Zheng nodded slightly. Under the influence of the accumulated potential, Luo Zheng's soul seemed to have left his body and was placed in an endless space. This accumulated potential allowed him to comprehend a new world!
"Okay, let's continue." Luo Zheng's expression was calm, and a storm blew in the sea of chaos in his body!