Previously, Hua Tianming had gone easy on him.
Using the 《Sword of Beginnings》 to exchange pointers, he had deliberately imparted this sword technique to him.
Purely using sword techniques to exchange pointers, he might not be at a disadvantage …
But in the end, that was not his Dao, but Hua Tianming's Dao!
If he wanted to defeat Hua Tianming, he needed his own strength!
The Primal Chaos Qi condensed like ink. After this extraction, it coiled around Luo Zheng's meridians and finally converged towards Luo Zheng's right arm!
The originally bouncing sword intent had already been controlled by Luo Zheng, firmly fixed on the sword's body …
A golden light blossomed from the sword's edge, which was instantly covered by a grey light. The two types of light constantly crossed each other, like a flickering firefly in the night, flickering between brightness and darkness.
This was not a disparity between weapons.
The Sword of Tengshe was indeed powerful …
But the Thunder and Wind Divine Sword, which had been fused with the Primal Chaos Qi, could also be regarded as a Primal Chaos Treasure.
The true competition was each person's strength.
"They're finally willing to fight seriously!"
"I've already cultivated for a week, and they're only just starting? These two people really know how to dawdle! "
"Hua Tianming, hurry up and win, I can bet everything on you!"
Seeing Luo Zheng brewing like this, Hua Tianming revealed a kind smile. The Sword of Tengshe suddenly stood upright, raised to the side of Hua Tianming's face.
"Even if you've comprehended the Emotion Severing Divine Dao, it's still not enough, far from enough …" Hua Tianming shook his head.
There were many kinds of fates in this life …
Luo Yan was Luo Zheng's follower and tie.
She was the Big Dipper Star that hung in the Northern Sky Region.
The Big Dipper Star could point the way for people, telling them not to get lost, and used the most resplendent light to point the way …
But Luo Yan, this star, only shone for Luo Zheng, guiding him all the way to the Divine Domain.
But at this moment, Hua Tianming's mind flashed with the light of understanding …
He was afraid that he and Luo Zheng would be tied down by a struggle for supremacy!
The competition between the two of them would most likely not end here. It might even extend to the Divine Realm.
This was Hua Tianming's prediction. It was hard for him to predict things that had yet to happen.
However, if nothing unexpected happened, Hua Tianming would definitely win this battle.
"Sou!"
As Tengshe's sword danced, a wave of light suddenly spread out!
Stepping on the light, his speed was extremely fast!
Luo Zheng's Guiyuan Yi Divine Sword was indeed very powerful.
However, Hua Tianming was not too afraid.
That sword was indeed powerful, but the premise was that it could hit him.
Hua Tianming's instantaneous speed really gave Luo Zheng a headache...
This brat's speed was too fast!
Now, the Guiyuan Yi Divine Sword was condensed in the sword, but Hua Tianming's figure was like a stream of light, shuttling back and forth on the Heaven and Earth Chessboard. It was impossible to lock onto him!
Even so, Luo Zheng did not have much hesitation in his heart.
He also left the chessboard. The Thunder and Wind Ghost Divine Sword was already at his side, approaching Hua Tianming.
"Sou!"
The two figures suddenly crossed each other, separated by only three feet.
"Now!"
"Guiyuan Yi Divine Sword!"
"Piercing Sword!"
This sword was also something that Luo Zheng had learned and used on the spot.
A sharp ray of light, like an elongated shadow, extended from the tip of the sword in Luo Zheng's hand. In an instant, it pierced toward Hua Tianming. There was also a majestic power within it, causing the flickering golden gray sword light to look particularly eye-catching.
This sword seemed to want to pierce through everything that blocked its path.
However, the moment Hua Tianming's figure passed by, his body paused at a very slight angle.
That pause was even a gap in the physical body.
It was this pause that allowed the sword light to pierce through Hua Tianming's side.
A slight difference …
But it could not be considered dangerous.
That was deliberately done by Hua Tianming. If he wanted to, he could have dodged even further away.
It was just that there was no need to.
"Again!"
Luo Zheng did not stop. The chaotic energy in his body was absorbed as if it did not cost money!
The Primal Chaos Sea began to decline and shrink at a visible speed ….
At this moment, the World Tree was able to manifest in Luo Zheng's inner world. The World Tree was constantly growing in his inner world, showing signs of flourishing.
The first time he slashed, Luo Zheng used 10% of his chaotic energy.
The second time, Luo Zheng slashed again, drawing even more chaotic energy, reaching 40%. The entire chaotic sea was directly reduced by half.
Because he wanted to seal off Hua Tianming's escape route for the second time, he slashed four times in a row.
Three slashes cut off Hua Tianming's escape route, and one slash went straight for Hua Tianming.
Under this slash, there was boundless power, dyeing the clouds golden.
In an instant, he unleashed four slashes …
The chaotic energy transformed into sword intent and true essence. Like rolling waves, it filled the entire Heaven and Earth Chessboard.
"Crash …"
"Hua Tianming can't escape!"
"Luo Zheng's slash is too powerful. If he can't escape, I'm afraid he'll be killed!"
"Sigh, Hua Tianming was too careless. He should have used a thunderous method from the start and directly killed Luo Zheng. Now he's in a very passive position."
Amidst the discussions …
The Sword of Tengshe in Hua Tianming's hand began to vibrate slightly.
Ripples surrounded Hua Tianming and spread out.
Facing Luo Zheng's four Sword of God Yi, Hua Tianming's face did not show any fear.
His comprehension had already surpassed the Divine Dao. He knew that Luo Zheng's Sword of God Yi was not the true Sword of God Yi.
The ripples surrounded Hua Tianming and spread out. When the ripples spread over the Chessboard arena, fine cracks appeared on the arena and it was instantly destroyed.
The ripples continued to spread and spread in the air. Finally, they swayed on Hua Tianming's sword.
The four slashes that Luo Zheng released by gathering half of the chaotic energy in his body were also his strongest killing move.
Hua Tianming's expression was still indifferent. When Luo Zheng attacked, he had already thought of a countermeasure.
However, just as Hua Tianming was about to receive Luo Zheng's slash, the Sword of Tengshe started to vibrate.
"You …"
Hua Tianming's expression was somewhat unsightly.
Perhaps it was because he had been hungry for too long. Previously, this guy had been somewhat irritable and had almost broken the scabbard. He wanted to swallow Dugu Jian Xiaoxiao's broken sword.
Hua Tianming calmed down with great difficulty.
However, at this moment, the thing inside the sword wanted to break out of the seal. Its target was Luo Zheng's sword.
The Dark Thunder Wind Divine Sword was considered a good sword in the universe, but it could not be compared to a Supreme Artifact.
However, after Luo Zheng drew out a large amount of chaotic energy, the sword was integrated with chaotic energy. The aura it emitted was very similar to a chaotic treasure.