As Tengshe's sword trembled, the ripples weaved into snake scales that flickered with a halo.
These snake scales continuously appeared and finally outlined a large snake with a single horn. This snake was Tengshe.
Tengshe had a pair of wings on its back and a single horn on its forehead. It was scarlet red.
According to legend, when this horn was completely peeled off, it could transform into a dragon …
Legend has it that dragons originally didn't exist in this world. The first dragon in this world was Tengshe!
"Hiss …"
This Tengshe rushed out on its own. Hua Tianming couldn't control it!
At this moment, Tengshe was only twenty feet long. The wings on its back suddenly spread out, and the huge snake body pounced straight at Luo Zheng.
It didn't have much interest in Luo Zheng. Tengshe originally liked to devour divine weapons.
It liked treasures of the Primordial Chaos lineage the most, but treasures of the Primordial Chaos lineage were also delicious!
However, if it was a living Tengshe, devouring treasures of the Primordial Chaos lineage would be dangerous. After all, the Primordial Chaos energy within was a very fatal threat to them.
However, this Tengshe had already fused with Tengshe's sword. It was an artifact spirit, so it didn't have this kind of concern!
This Tengshe's speed was incomparably fast …
Facing Luo Zheng's four sword lights, it only lightly flicked its small tail!
The four golden sword lights instantly disintegrated!
Before Luo Zheng could react, he felt the snake's shadow flash in front of his eyes. Then, his hand sank and lightened.
The Thundergale Ghost Sword had already disappeared …
His gaze followed, only to see that the twenty feet long Soaring Serpent was holding his Lightning Wind Dark Divine Sword in its mouth. The Soaring Serpent suddenly raised its head and threw the sword high into the air.
The Thundergale Ghost Sword spun in the air and stabbed down. Tengshe opened its snake mouth and swallowed the sword in one gulp.
"Hiss hiss …"
The Tengshe hissed twice at the edge of the chessboard. The snake's body continued to wriggle, and in the blink of an eye, it disappeared into Hua Tianming's Tengshe Sword.
This speed … it truly came without a shadow, and left without a trace.
When the Celestial Venerables in the universe saw this small snake, their eyes more or less revealed fear.
When Hua Tianming revealed such a precious treasure like the Tengshe Sword, it had actually attracted the covetous eyes of many people!
The people of the four great clans naturally wanted to bring Hua Tianming into their own sects to consolidate their clans' future and destiny.
However, the thoughts of others were different …
Someone could already see that the opportunity's fortune was the Primordial Chaos Sword's fate.
It was definitely a treasure that surpassed the Myriad Spirit Stele, and such a treasure was much rarer than a Supreme Artifact in the universe!
However, this Tengshe did not look big, and its aura was not strong. Many low-level martial artists did not feel anything, but in the eyes of the Celestial Venerables, this snake had an invisible deterrence, as if it was a fatal threat to these Celestial Venerables!
In the thick clouds, the young girl in the palace sat on the steps. She stretched out two fair index fingers and placed them together.
Her gaze passed through the two fingers and landed on the Tengshe.
"This snake also came out. It's considered a violation of the rules, right?"
The overall rule of the Illusory Battlefield was to rely on one's own strength …
However, martial artists had many different methods. Some were good at controlling beasts, and some focused on cultivating spirits. However, those things could not be brought into the battlefield. It was unavoidably unfair to these kinds of martial artists. It was just that the rules were set up and were destined to not take care of everyone.
However, there were always people who had methods to avoid the rules to a certain extent.
For example, that Dugu Jian Xiaoxiao's lousy sword had also deceived the rules before entering.
As for Hua Tianming's Tengshe Sword, even if she knew, she would not be able to stop it!
As long as that Tengshe did not come out, there would not be too much of a problem. However, the instant the snake touched Luo Zheng's sword, this …
The young girl hesitated. Should she intervene?
…
Luo Zheng looked at his empty hands, a rather speechless expression on his face.
How could he suddenly throw out a snake and snatch his sword away?
That Tengshe was hiding in a corner, swallowing the Dark Thunder Wind Divine Sword …
However, not long after swallowing it, the snake suddenly twisted its body, and the pair of wings on its back began to tremble.
As its body twisted violently, it suddenly opened its snake mouth and spat out!
The Dark Thunder Wind Divine Sword had already shattered into several pieces. After being spat out like this, the fragments were like nails nailed into the chessboard of heaven and earth. The Tengshe's eyes even revealed a look of extreme disgust. It glared fiercely at Luo Zheng, then turned into ripples and gradually dissipated, returning to Hua Tianming's sword.
"This … what's the meaning of this?" Luo Zheng was stunned.
Hua Tianming's face was full of apology. He naturally understood that Tengshe looked down on this sword.
This Dark Thunder Wind Divine Sword was not a chaos treasure.
It was only a first-grade divine artifact …
However, when Luo Zheng released the Guiyuan Yi Divine Sword just now, he used the chaos aura and integrated it into the sword.
At this moment, it caused an illusion, causing Tengshe to mistakenly believe that this sword was a chaos treasure!
However, after Luo Zheng's four slashes, the chaos aura had already dissipated. After it swallowed it again, it felt that something was wrong.
Tengshe liked to devour divine weapons, but the first-grade divine artifacts in this universe were not enough to enter its mouth …
Thus, this inexplicable action occurred.
Not only was Luo Zheng baffled by this scene, but everyone in the universe was also puzzled.
"Sorry." Hua Tianming's face revealed an apologetic expression.
Luo Zheng shrugged. It was not a big problem that the Dark Thunder Wind Divine Sword was damaged. After all, this was the Illusory Battlefield, and it would not really be damaged.
However, Luo Zheng did not have a suitable weapon to use now. It seemed that he could only make do with the Holy Spear of Massacre?
This did not seem very practical …
"I have a second-grade divine artifact. I can lend it to you." Hua Tianming seemed to have seen Luo Zheng's predicament and took out a green-gray longsword.
Second-grade divine artifact …
It was obtained by Hua Tianming after he entered the tenth-grade Holy Land.
With his cultivation as an Ascender, taking away this second-grade divine artifact longsword had already attracted countless envious gazes from the Holy Land.
Now, that group of people finally understood that this second-grade divine artifact was nothing to Hua Tianming.
"Alright." Luo Zheng nodded slightly and prepared to take the sword.
But at this moment, Dugu Jianxiaoxiao's eyes flashed as he stood on the chess piece. He was communicating with that lousy sword of his …
For Dugu Jian Xiaoxiao, this broken sword was an opportunity!
Both he and the sword knew that Luo Zheng had the chaos aura, although they did not understand how he had obtained it!
Dugu Jian Xiaoxiao had originally planned to find Luo Zheng after the Illusory Battlefield ended and nurture this broken sword. The chaos aura was a very crucial part!
Dugu Jian Xiaoxiao wanted to seize this opportunity for the broken sword, so he shouted, "Wait!"
"Hmm?" Luo Zheng raised his head and looked over.
"A human-grade divine artifact is too unfair in such a crucial battle." Dugu Jian Xiaoxiao smiled slightly. He raised the broken sword in his hand and threw it directly at Luo Zheng …
"Whoosh!"
There should have been a binding force behind the chessboard, binding all the cultivators inside.
But now, that force was withdrawn …
The broken sword suddenly flew toward Luo Zheng and sank into the chessboard beside Luo Zheng with a ding.
Although the sword was broken, it revealed a strong sense of toughness!
Luo Zheng also knew that this sword was not ordinary. It would be suitable for him to borrow it.
However, just as the sword was inserted into the chessboard, Hua Tianming's Tengshe Sword began to vibrate again!
This Tengshe seemed to have smelled an extremely tempting delicacy and wanted to stand out from Hua Tianming's sword …
This time, Hua Tianming was not happy!
With a flip of his hand, he pressed his thumb on the edge of Tengshe Sword.
How sharp was the edge of the sword?
A bloody wound instantly appeared on Hua Tianming's thumb!
Then, using his thumb as a pen, he quickly wrote along the body of Tengshe Sword. After drawing a blood-red seal, the vibration finally stopped.
No wonder when I received this sword, I was taught the Blood Seal Technique.
This Tengshe was indeed restless …
At this moment, Hua Tianming continued to smile apologetically at Luo Zheng.
If it was someone else, they might have taken advantage of Tengshe Sword swallowing to win the battle in one go.
Even if it was an ordinary opponent, he would not do this, let alone facing Luo Zheng.
＝＝＝＝＝