In this world, some people were purely opponents, while others were both friends and opponents.
Luo Zheng was the latter type of person. Hua Tianming was very clear on this point.
Luo Zheng looked at the broken sword beside him …
The color of the sword was dim, and the body of the sword was slightly broken. It looked like an ordinary iron sword.
This sword had already unleashed an extremely powerful might on Dugu Jian Xiaoxiao.
The current contest was very suitable for Luo Zheng.
He took a step forward and grabbed the sword in his hand …
The moment Luo Zheng came into contact with the broken sword, he felt a huge wave of thoughts connect with him through the body of the sword.
That thought didn't transmit any special information, but it made Luo Zheng feel friendly.
There was a strong sword spirit in this sword!
Luo Zheng was only temporarily using this sword, and the sword spirit didn't take the initiative to communicate with Luo Zheng. The two sides had some tacit understanding, and it could be considered a temporary cooperation.
He picked up the sword, only to find that it was as light as a feather, as if it was weightless.
If the sword didn't have weight, it would make people uncomfortable. No one would be willing to use a feather to fight the enemy.
However, when Luo Zheng swung the sword in a circle, he felt an extremely comfortable feeling of heaviness from his hand.
"How ingenious!" The sword adjusted its weight according to Luo Zheng's movements.
"Whoosh whoosh whoosh …" After swinging the sword for a while, Luo Zheng held the long sword horizontally and nodded at Hua Tianming.
In this battle with Hua Tianming, Luo Zheng could be considered to have gained a lot. He had a new understanding of swordsmanship, but this didn't mean that he would definitely lose to Hua Tianming!
Hua Tianming smiled slightly, and raised the Sword Tengshe again.
The white light under his feet was like mercury, spreading from his feet to the surroundings.
It spread all the way down. The white light covered Tianyuan, many chess pieces, the entire Chessboard of Heaven and Earth, and naturally, Luo Zheng's feet …
A majestic aura spread out from Hua Tianming's body.
The Divine Dao of Justice cultivated a kind of belief, a kind of strong belief …
Although Jiang Zhengyi had already entered the Dao, he had gone astray. Hence, his righteous thoughts were extremely stubborn. In the eyes of others, they might even feel that this fellow was mentally unstable.
The sword was right in the middle of Hua Tianming's face, and his eyes shone with a scorching light!
Everyone could tell that Hua Tianming was about to end the fight.
From the beginning, Hua Tianming had the advantage.
Everyone in the universe, including the many Realm Lords and Heavenly Venerables, thought that Hua Tianming would win …
Luo Zheng took a deep breath!
The Chaotic Qi in his body suddenly gushed out, gathering along his right arm and transferring it to the broken sword.
"Pure Chaos Qi!"
The Sword Spirit in this broken sword was also very excited at this moment.
Previously, it was only puzzled as to how this Luo Zheng could release Chaotic Qi!
Now, it completely understood that this fellow really did have Chaotic Qi …
Under the nourishment of the incomparably pure Chaotic Qi, the sword spirit in the broken sword restrained itself and absorbed it!
Luo Zheng also felt the changes in the sword. A portion of his Chaotic Qi seemed to have been "stolen". However, he had just poured it in, and the stolen Chaotic Qi was only an extremely small portion. It was not even one-ten-thousandth of his Chaotic Sea, so he naturally did not care.
However, the sword spirit was different. At the beginning, it restrained itself from absorbing the Chaotic Qi to nourish itself. It was not a "replica" of the Illusory Space, but had truly infiltrated the Illusory Battlefield. Hence, this nourishment was very beneficial to it.
It felt that even if Luo Zheng had Chaotic Qi, the amount would not be too much. Hence, it restrained itself so much.
But then, the sword spirit was somewhat stunned …
The amount of Chaotic Qi that emerged from Luo Zheng's body almost exceeded the sword spirit's imagination!
How did this fellow do it?!
Luo Zheng suddenly raised his long sword and stepped forward with a stern gaze.
He also knew that it was time to determine the victor …
Although Luo Zheng was still confident, he understood that there was indeed a gap between him and Hua Tianming!
Hua Tianming had only spent a few years to catch up and surpass him. Even Luo Zheng could not help but admire him …
Even with this clear understanding, Luo Zheng would not easily admit defeat.
"Boom!"
"Come again, Guiyuan Yi Divine Sword …"
Sensing the direction of Luo Zheng's sword, the sword spirit immersed in the Chaotic Qi did its best to cooperate with Luo Zheng.
It was originally a Chaos Treasure …
And Luo Zheng's sword technique, the method of using the Law of Metal to carry the Chaotic Qi, was also comprehended from it.
With this cooperation, it could take advantage of the situation and activate an even more powerful force!
The golden light transformed into golden lotuses that emitted wisps of gray light. This sword was far more dazzling than before!
Dugu Jian Xiaoxiao was silent. Seeing that the broken sword in Luo Zheng's hands had such great power, he felt very uncomfortable. However, it was his own initiative to lend his sword to Luo Zheng. In the end, it was for the sake of his beloved sword.
"Come." Hua Tianming smiled slightly. "It's best to end it here …"
Hua Tianming was bound to win this battle.
As Tengshe raised her sword, numerous diamond-shaped Taoist Accumulations intertwined. These Taoist Accumulations were like sparkling and translucent gems, exuding a pure and flawless luster.
They were densely packed together, taking up all the space around Hua Tianming, leaving only a path for him to pass through.
Following that path, Hua Tianming raised his sword, stepped forward, and sprinted …
Like a dragon in a pool, he suddenly emerged from the path in the canyon. The silver light on his sword spread out another layer of Taoist Accumulations.
This astonishing momentum was a ghastly sight to behold!
"Whoosh …"
Hua Tianming rushed directly toward Luo Zheng, rushing toward Luo Zheng's Guiyuanyi Divine Sword.
He did not even choose to dodge, but instead charged forward while facing Luo Zheng's attack …
The extremely sharp golden-gray sword light pierced toward Hua Tianming, stabbing toward Tengshe's sword that had been moving horizontally.
"Hiss …"
It was accompanied by an ear-piercing whistling sound.
The sword light was directly cut into two by the bright silver sword in Hua Tianming's hand!
At this moment, Hua Tianming was going against the current!
"What an overbearing method! Hua Tianming! It's terrifyingly powerful! "
"The power of Luo Zheng's sword is frightening enough, but this Hua Tianming actually withstood the sword light and directly charged forward …"
"The first place of this Dream Battlefield will definitely belong to Hua Tianming!"
Everyone in the universe came to the same conclusion at this moment …
Even the mysterious girl's face revealed a regretful expression. "Actually, I was hoping that you, Luo Zheng, could take first place, but this guy obtained Chiyou's sword inheritance. His life is better than yours, so he probably won't make it …"
Ning Yudie quietly watched this scene, and Xi Youqin was similarly quiet …
They had never seen Luo Zheng lose! At least when facing an expert of the same realm.
Even in this universe, Luo Zheng did not fall behind.
Coincidentally, in the end, he lost to Hua Tianming. The two girls sighed in their hearts at the wonders of fate.
Hua Tianming's speed was incomparably fast. The sword light of Luo Zheng's Guiyuan Yi Godly Sword was split into two, directly cutting two ravines on the side of the Heaven and Earth Chessboard …
"Clang!"
The two swords directly collided.
This time, Luo Zheng did not fall behind in terms of sword moves, but in terms of power, Luo Zheng was inferior by a lot!
"Bang bang …"
Luo Zheng quickly retreated a few steps, bent his long sword, and began to prepare for the second sword move.
However, Hua Tianming did not give Luo Zheng a chance …
Under the light of the footsteps, waves of ripples spread out.
Luo Zheng almost instinctively dodged to the side, but in an instant, countless bloody wounds appeared on one of his arms!
"Puff puff puff …"
Luo Zheng's hand was densely packed with wounds as if it had been filed by a knife. These wounds were outlined by his own blood, and were exactly the same as the ripples released by Hua Tianming!
If Luo Zheng did not have the body of a divine artifact, this hand would probably have been shattered into pieces.
Hua Tianming did not stop at all, and another ripple spread out …
This speed was completely impossible for Luo Zheng to dodge!
"Puff …"
This time, it was Luo Zheng's face.
From Luo Zheng's face to his neck, there were countless wounds of equal proportions, and he looked incomparably miserable.