Even so, Luo Zheng wasn't discouraged at all.
The aura of chaos emerged again …
The Guiyuan Yi Divine Sword slashed out again!
It was accompanied by the sound of a sword roaring out!
"Slash!"
Hua Tianming was less than ten feet away from Luo Zheng, which was a distance of thirty feet.
This distance was closed in an instant!
He raised his hand, and the sword light was like a silver python, splitting Luo Zheng's Guiyuan Yi Divine Sword in half again!
The sword light split into two sides, and Hua Tianming was like a stabilizing needle, standing in front of Luo Zheng.
Slash again!
Slash again!
The aura of chaos in Luo Zheng's body was rapidly depleting …
It wasn't that Luo Zheng was too weak.
With the help of Primal Chaos Qi, even an ordinary cultivation technique would be much more powerful than others!
Moreover, Luo Zheng's enlightenment was obtained from Dugu Jian Xiaoxiao's broken sword, and it was a "sword technique" that could display the aura of chaos itself …
This sword technique might be a bit simple, and there might not be enough variables, but its power was far beyond the inheritances of the same level in this universe …
It was just that Hua Tianming was too strong …
Luo Zheng didn't know about Chiyou's sainthood, didn't know about the seven inheritances of the Weapon Grandmasters, and even more didn't know about Hua Tianming's mission!
He only knew that he had to find a way to defeat him.
"So miserable, Luo Zheng is suppressed to the point that he doesn't have a chance at all."
"It's obvious that he wants to win …"
"Hua Tianming's strength is above Xuanyuan Chenfeng's!"
…
"Buzz buzz buzz …"
This time, Luo Zheng didn't use his sword …
The most powerful aspect of the Guiyuan Yi Divine Sword was its invincible sharpness.
It was just that this sharpness wasn't perfect, and his sword intent wasn't at its peak.
Hua Tianming used the Tengshe Divine Sword in his hand to cut open the Guiyuan Yi Divine Sword as if he was peeling off its skin!
If a martial artist observed carefully, they would see that Hua Tianming's sword cut open Luo Zheng was also very skillful …
The direction he slashed was slightly to the right of the middle section of the sword light.
Luo Zheng had used the Laws of Metal to support the Chaotic Qi in this attack. Although the two had fused together, there would always be a flaw.
Hua Tianming's sword cut through this flaw, and only then was he able to easily cut it open!
If he could sprout 36 leaves and enter the Emotion Severing Divine Dao, Luo Zheng would be able to eliminate this flaw.
It was a pity that Luo Zheng was not able to step into it. He was still not a Dao Child.
Luo Zheng's eyes flashed. Starlight began to appear in his hands.
The starlight was multicolored, like flawless gems …
"Starry Battle Body!"
"Glory of the Stars!"
It was the most powerful move in the Starry War Body.
The spreading starlight was like a rapidly growing mushroom, instantly covering the Heaven and Earth Chessboard.
The chessboard quickly collapsed and dissipated.
After the starlight dimmed …
Hua Tianming reappeared not far away. He stood on a chess piece, holding a sword, and a smile hung on his heroic face.
The smile was friendly, but it also meant that he was going all out!
"Sigh …"
Even the broken sword sighed inwardly.
"Luo Zheng is completely suppressed. I've done my best." The sword had been nourished by Chaotic Qi. It could be said that it had received a favor from Luo Zheng. Earlier, it had fully cooperated with Luo Zheng.
Alas, Hua Tianming was ridiculously powerful. It could not do anything now.
Hua Tianming's retreat gave Luo Zheng a chance to think, even though it was a short one.
Luo Zheng's preparations for the Illusory Battlefield were ample.
Among his Second Senior Brother's three cultivation methods, Thunder Tribulation Kill and Eight Zigzags Smoke were used to their full potential. However, at this moment, they were useless against Hua Tianming.
He had not used the Ten Thousand Laws Rival Book. Hence, the book was used to sever karma and break all laws. When he mastered it in the future, he would be able to dominate the universe. When he cultivated it to the end, he would be able to sever the heavenly will of a Celestial Venerable.
However, he could not use it in the early stages this time. He could not sever the Heavenly Dao rules in the Karma Hall.
At this stage, he was facing Daoists. What they learned and used was the power of the Divine Dao. It was impossible to talk about. It had become a temporary weakness.
The Star of Dark Devouring of the Stellar Battle Body could not swallow Hua Tianming's instantaneous speed.
Facing Hua Tianming …
He could only rely on his sword!
This seemed to be the only way to break it!
The light in Luo Zheng's eyes suddenly dissipated.
In an instant, his entire person became incomparably cold.
"Again!"
It was still the Guiyuanyi Divine Sword …
The sword spirit in Luo Zheng's broken sword was also very helpless at this moment.
It could only try its best to help Luo Zheng fuse the metal-elemental laws and Chaotic Qi more perfectly.
However, a flaw was still a flaw!
As long as he did not step into the Divine Dao, this huge flaw could not be fixed!
Whoosh —
Sizzle …
A golden light flashed. Hua Tianming raised his sword. Like a skilled butcher, he easily shaved out the bones of a cow.
The two rays of light were easily broken by his sword.
Hua Tianming solved it easily, but Luo Zheng was not so relaxed.
Although his Chaotic Qi was incomparably strong, it was also limited.
Luo Zheng used the Primal Chaos Yi Divine Sword with all his strength. Now, it had already consumed 60 to 70 percent of its power.
The Chaotic Sea in his body had shrunk a lot. At the same time, the dense roots of the World Tree were exposed.
"How can I make up for this flaw?" Luo Zheng hovered in the air with his sword. Just as Hua Tianming said, he was afraid that he would have to completely step into the Emotion Severing Divine Dao to be able to fight with him.
At this moment, Hua Tianming jumped up from the chess piece and stepped on the light again.
In an instant, the bright silver light sword slashed down toward Luo Zheng's head.
Luo Zheng held the broken sword horizontally. At this moment, a golden light was emitted from the broken sword and completely enveloped Luo Zheng's body.
Clang!
The two swords collided, and the sound was crisp like a bell.
It blocked Hua Tianming's sword, but a layer of ripples covered Luo Zheng's body.
Clap clap clap clap …
The protective golden light released by the broken sword was originally very strong, but when it came into contact with the ripples, it was forcibly scattered.
Puff puff …
Blood-colored ripples appeared on Luo Zheng's chest.
Although his bones were not injured, Luo Zheng looked even more miserable this time. His entire body was covered in blood!
However, Luo Zheng did not stop at all.
He could withstand this kind of injury.
Since Hua Tianming was already close to him, at least he was not at a disadvantage in terms of sword moves.
Clang clang clang clang …
However, from now on, every time Luo Zheng received an attack, a large wavy wound would appear on his body. It was a ghastly sight. There was not a single part of his body that was intact.
"It's over."
Hua Tianming's eyes did not show the slightest bit of reluctance. Luo Zheng could choose to admit defeat at any time. Naturally, he would immediately stop.
If Hua Tianming held back, it would be the greatest insult to Luo Zheng.
At this moment, Hua Tianming had completely gained the upper hand. As long as he used his full strength, Luo Zheng's defeat was already an unchangeable fact.
"Ping!"
"Dragon scales open!
A majestic force was transmitted from Luo Zheng's hand.
After receiving this attack, Hua Tianming's figure retreated more than three kilometers. That force was too strong. He had to do this to disperse it.
The power of the dragon scales could not be used against Hua Tianming.
However, the distance of three kilometers was only a moment for him. This kind of resistance was also futile.
However, Luo Zheng, who had fallen into the Emotion Severing Realm, was like a puppet. He used the simplest of thoughts to search for every detail to defeat Hua Tianming.
Perhaps he could not win, but he would not give up.
However, just as Hua Tianming was about to move forward again, Luo Zheng, who was floating motionlessly in the air, suddenly transmitted a powerful will.