This crystal was in the shape of a cross, with sharp edges.
Its entire body was suffused with an illusory blue, as if it was a piece of mysterious ice that had been frozen for ten thousand years.
If Luo Zheng were to look within himself, he would see a strange, faintly discernible thing suspended in the air above his inner world …
It disappeared in an instant, and then reappeared in an instant, like a blinking star.
At the same time …
The aura that Luo Zheng transmitted was the same!
In an instant, he was like a true god descending to earth.
But in the next instant, that imposing aura disappeared without a trace ….
This scene was extremely strange!
Even so, Hua Tianming didn't dare to rashly approach …
That aura was so powerful that it seemed to have turned Luo Zheng into the center of a storm. If he were to approach within a hundred feet, he would probably be crushed by that aura!
Even though he was thousands of feet away, Hua Tianming's heart was throbbing incessantly. It was as if he was in an extremely cold place, or at the bottom of the deep sea. The endless pressure made it difficult for him to stand!
He suddenly waved Sword Tengshe and stabbed it directly into the chessboard, while he himself stood behind the sword.
"Hum …"
A sharp light spread out, accompanied by layers of ripples.
With such resistance, Hua Tianming finally felt a little better. However, there was a special expression in his eyes as he looked at Luo Zheng. Apart from that, there was also a trace of helplessness …
"I knew you wouldn't be so weak, but you shouldn't be so strong either …"
In Hua Tianming's opinion, Luo Zheng's aura was already so strong that it was somewhat ridiculous!
Apart from Hua Tianming, the several Dao Children floating above the chessboard also had very ugly expressions at this moment.
Even though the chessboard was protected by the rules, Luo Zheng's aura still exerted a strong pressure on them …
This kind of pressure wasn't deliberately released.
It was like a lion king appearing in a group of beasts. Even if that lion king remained silent, it would still form a powerful deterrent to the surrounding beasts!
"This … what is this!"
Just now, Luo Zheng had been forced to the limit by Hua Tianming.
Even his chaotic aura was almost exhausted.
However, his Emotion-Severing Divine Dao was ultimately not perfect. Losing to Hua Tianming was already an unavoidable matter.
But at that moment, Luo Zheng suddenly had an extremely special comprehension in his heart. It was as if someone had placed a thought in his heart ….
And this feeling … still existed even now.
It appeared in an instant and disappeared in an instant.
It was as if there was someone in his inner world breathing at the speed of an instant, constantly inhaling and exhaling.
With his inner vision, Luo Zheng saw a bright blue light in the center of his inner world, as well as a flickering crystal.
A portion of the Primal Chaos Qi soared into the air and flowed below the crystal, forming an eight-trigram wheel that supported the crystal …
"What is this …"
"Why would the Primal Chaos Aura be attracted by the crystal and take such a shape?"
Luo Zheng tried to control that small portion of Chaos Qi, but he found that it was completely out of his control.
"What the hell happened to you …"
A thought came from the broken sword in Luo Zheng's hand.
This sword also had its own pride. It wasn't too willing to be controlled by someone other than the Dugu Jian Xiaoxiao.
Even when the Dugu Jian Xiaoxiao wanted it to borrow Luo Zheng to repair it and lend it to Luo Zheng, it didn't exchange a single word with Luo Zheng.
At this moment, however, it couldn't help but …
From the very beginning, the sword had been giving off a strange feeling.
As if Luo Zheng had turned into a true god!
This feeling was extremely absurd and unbelievable, but it was extremely real.
It was as if the originally bright red sun had suddenly turned blue one day. If the sun had turned into this color, no one would believe it, but that blue sun had appeared in front of everyone.
Luo Zheng gave everyone the feeling that they had accidentally stepped into some kind of illusion, giving rise to an unbelievable illusion.
How could he be so powerful …
The mysterious girl at the top of the clouds looked at Luo Zheng in a daze.
She had been in control of the Heavenly Dao for three epochs.
In every epoch, there would be a great era war.
When the great era arrived, those super geniuses would desperately jump out as if they didn't need money. However, in the previous rounds of the Illusory Battlefield, there hadn't been so many accidents in the final showdown!
"That's the power emitted by the godhood …"
"He actually formed the Instant godhood! That's too surprising. "
"This kind of phenomenon is extremely rare even in the Realm of the Gods …"
"He doesn't have a godhood disk. How can he support the Instant godhood?"
The godhood wasn't an isolated existence …
If he didn't rely on the godhood disk to support it, he could directly cause his inner world to explode!
This wasn't the first time she had doubts. It was just that this time, she couldn't understand at all. Therefore, a series of questions arose …
Before stepping into the Divine Dao, it was indeed possible to form the Instant godhood.
This kind of godhood wasn't a true godhood. It was just a godhood that had descended once. It was extremely unstable. Therefore, it appeared in an instant and disappeared in an instant …
But in theory, the current Luo Zheng was a true god!
The people inside the picture scroll could feel Luo Zheng's power and transformation. However, the countless martial artists outside the picture scroll couldn't see this scene …
"What the hell is going on!"
"Why did that guy Hua Tianming wither all of a sudden! He ran so far away! "
"Does this Luo Zheng want to eat people!? I'm betting everything on Hua Tianming! "
Countless martial artists couldn't understand why Hua Tianming, who had been as fierce as a lion and tiger just a moment ago, had fled far away at this moment.
Even some Empyreans couldn't understand what was happening inside the picture scroll at this moment …
But Luo Zheng liked this feeling very much.
From that azure cross-shaped crystal, he could feel an unprecedented power.
There were countless cultivation methods in this universe, but no matter how many variations there were, they still remained the same. When these cultivation methods were used, they more or less gave Luo Zheng a strong sense of familiarity.
But the power within this cross-shaped crystal was completely different. The power within it was very unfamiliar.
He couldn't see what laws were contained within it, nor did he know how compatible this power was …
Luo Zheng only knew that this power was very strong, very strong!
"How to use this power …"
At this moment, Luo Zheng's mind moved slightly.
A wisp of primal chaos energy was extracted by Luo Zheng …
And this wisp of primal chaos energy directly drilled into the round wheel in the center. After passing through the round wheel, it once again entered that cross-shaped crystal!
Whoosh!
After passing through that cross-shaped crystal, the originally grayish-brown primal chaos energy was plated with a layer of blue radiance!
Just as this wisp of primal chaos energy left Luo Zheng's inner world and spread towards Luo Zheng's chest, an invisible frost spread out from his body. The entire Heaven and Earth Chessboard was plated with a thick layer of frost!
The chess pieces, the chessboard, Sword Tengshe, and Hua Tianming were instantly sealed with a thin layer of azure ice!
Beep beep …
Hua Tianming shook his shoulders, and his body suddenly shook.
The thin layer of ice cracked in an instant and slid towards his body, smashing onto the ground and turning into countless snowflakes.
This thin layer of ice didn't pose any threat to Hua Tianming, but just a trace of its power was enough to freeze heaven and earth. Luo Zheng's transformation posed a considerable threat to him.
"This is also the power of the Divine Dao …"
"You cultivate the Emotion-Severing Divine Dao, so why did the Dao of the Cold Mirror Divine Dao appear at the same time …"
Hua Tianming couldn't figure it out. He didn't know much about the Realm of the Gods, and all his knowledge came from the records in Chiyou's treasure.
How could he tell that Luo Zheng had actually condensed an Instant Godhood?
The Instant Godhood only existed for an instant.
Originally, some True Gods in God's Domain would have this kind of unexpected phenomenon. They already had a Divinity, but in a short period of time, another Divinity would suddenly appear, and the new Divinity would even occupy the Divinity Plate.
But there was a prerequisite for the Instant Godhood to appear, and that was to have a Godhood Plate.
Without a Divine Spark Disk, if an Instantaneous Divine Spark was accidentally born, the only outcome would be that one's inner world would explode. In other words, the Dantian world would shatter. To a martialist, this was akin to becoming useless.
But when this Instant Godhood appeared, a part of the Chaotic Qi in Luo Zheng's body temporarily replaced it, turning into a Godhood Plate!
So far, even in the Realm of the Gods, there wasn't a proper explanation as to why the Instant Godhood was born.
To a True God, the Instant Godhood might not be of much use. After all, they already had a Godhood, but the Divine Dao they pursued was completely different.
But to Luo Zheng, it was extremely useful.
Not to mention the power in the Godhood, when he waved his sword again, the Dao of the Cold Mirror Divine Dao dyed the broken sword in his hand with a touch of icy blue light. The cold air that lingered around Luo Zheng's body turned into an ice lotus that slowly bloomed.
A touch of sword essence was formed.
(I recommend a book, Wu Yu Cang Qiong, by Gu Shiyue. ^ _ ^ It can be found on the front page of the Bookstore under the Male Selection section! It's written very well, everyone can take a look!)
＝＝＝＝＝