Because he had not stepped into the Divine Path, Luo Zheng's Guiyuan Yi Divine Sword had never been complete, leaving that flaw …
He also knew that the sword in his hand was also trying its best to help him make up for this flaw.
However, this flaw came from his Emotion Severing Divine Path. It was because he had not fully comprehended it, so it was impossible to completely make up for it.
In addition, the sharpness of Hua Tianming's sword was far beyond imagination!
It keenly captured Luo Zheng's flaw and easily cut his Guiyuan Yi Divine Sword from the middle …
However, it was different at this moment.
He could feel that there was a powerful Taoist Connotation hidden in the extremely cold energy.
It was not the Emotion Severing Divine Path …
However, after this Dao Connotation was mixed into the Guiyuan Yi Divine Sword, it almost completely made up for that flaw.
Perhaps it could no longer be described as making up for it.
The Dao Connotation was far purer and stronger than Luo Zheng's Emotion Severing Divine Path. It even completely changed the attributes of Luo Zheng's sword!
"Hum …"
With this sword, Luo Zheng slashed at Hua Tianming, and a vast chill spread out.
This sword light was divided into three layers. The outermost layer was the ice-blue sword light, and the inner layer was the law of gold and chaotic energy. It contained the two-colored sword light of gold and gray!
Facing this sword, the fighting spirit in Hua Tianming's eyes was like two balls of fire suddenly exploding!
His fighting spirit began to burn!
It was almost impossible for him to take this sword, but it did not mean that he would give up!
"Puff!"
He reached out and grabbed Tengshe's sword. As he turned it upside down, his other hand wiped the sword's edge!
Hot blood spurted out, and the blood splattered out, instantly freezing into red blood clots in the air.
The temperature on the Chessboard of Heaven and Earth was extremely low.
Hua Tianming frowned slightly, and a flame suddenly appeared in his hand. He grabbed the blood clot and instantly melted it, drawing it with blood!
Thirteen blood talismans appeared in the air in front of him!
"Hiss …"
These blood talismans were all Hua Tianming's blood essence.
Using blood essence to activate the Blood Spirit Talisman was also a technique he had obtained from Chiyou's treasure!
As soon as these thirteen blood talismans were formed, they quickly evaporated into a dense blood-colored mist, coiling around Tengshe's sword!
The moment he held the sword, a blood-colored light rushed into the sky. That blood-colored light was filled with Hua Tianming's will!
Hua Tianming's face, which was originally pale, his face turned red, and his aura instantly, his aura.
All who raise their swords have white heads, and the three-foot green snake cannot be coiled.
At this moment, in Hua Tianming's mind.
In the first year of the Chaos, the Chaos calendar was on the third day of Dingmao.
Only a single divine epoch had passed since the Primal Chaos was created.
Chi You said it was too crowded here.
The Good Fortune Axe had been shattered by Bing Yin a day ago …
It was too difficult to open up a space.
Then, Chiyou ascended the Nine Storeys Pagoda and ordered the Soaring Serpent to enter his sword. Sweeping up the wind and thunder divine art, he released the Heavenly Sword Picture and slashed toward the south.
One sword for thirty paths, one path for a million miles.
With this sword strike, Chiyou slashed apart the primordial chaos for 15 million kilometers.
It was still too small.
Therefore, he slashed from Ding Sanri to Geng Wuyue.
He slashed a total of 100,000 times!
More than half of the Southern Dipper Divine Realm was opened by Chi You alone. He asked someone to plant the Seeking Wood to stabilize that space.
The sword in his hand could be said to be the Heaven-Opening Sword!
Even an existence like Chi You felt tired after slashing 100,000 times with an unimaginable divine ability and fell into a deep sleep.
This sword had the power to split the heavens, and this Tengshe had the power to split the heavens.
Heavenly Sword Diagram.
It was just the four essential parts of the Heaven-Opening Sword Diagram.
It was just a key that was passed down with the wind and was picked up by Hua Tianming...
. From the moment Hua Tianming picked up this key, his fate had a direction. He was no longer ordinary.
He advanced step by step from the Eastern Region to the clouds. After several years of training, he obtained Chiyou's treasure.
That was a person's treasure, and it was also an inheritance that he had to obtain.
This fate was like a nail that was carved into his future after he comprehended the Heavenly Sword Diagram.
The Heaven-Opening Sword Diagram was too complicated.
The splitting of the heavens referred to in it was not limited to this round of Heavenly Dao.
Although the universe was big, it was not endless.
In the face of the infinite chaos, it could be said to be insignificant.
To Chi You, the Sword Art of Beginning was a basic sword art!
Hua Tianming had cultivated it to the small success stage. Now that he had broken through the small success stage, he might be able to break through to the large success stage.
This progress was fast enough.
However, up until now, Hua Tianming had only comprehended half of the Heaven-Opening Sword Catalog.
"This move is called Flawless Southern Dipper..
On the sixth day of the seventh month, Chi You fell into a deep sleep, and a divine era passed.
The time of the gods was different from what Hua Tianming knew.
He only knew that the time span of a divine era was unimaginable.
After waking up, he saw the blue sky, white clouds, and vast waves of smoke. He happened to have comprehended the 100,000 swords, so he named the sword move Flawless Southern Dipper, which meant perfection.
Although it was only half a move, facing Luo Zheng's sword, he had to use it.
He could lose blood essence, not to mention that it was not a big deal to lose blood essence in this Illusory Battlefield.
If he missed this battle with Luo Zheng, it would be difficult to have another chance.
Tengshe's sword floated up, and the color of the blood-red light suddenly changed, emitting thousands of colors...
. A rainbow suddenly rolled out. Under the rainbow, there was a world of flowers. Everywhere in that world was beautiful and beautiful. It was the holy realm that everyone yearned for.
Xi Youqin knelt on the chess piece. She originally wanted to praise, but the aura released from Luo Zheng's body made it difficult for her to speak.
People outside the painting naturally could not bear Luo Zheng's pressure.
"So beautiful!"
Countless women praised.
Their gazes fell on the rainbow, and their eyes seemed to be glued. That holy realm painting seemed to have a strange demonic nature.
No matter the realm, no matter how strong or weak the divine soul, they were all unable to move their gazes away.
It seemed that if they missed that scene, they would regret it for the rest of their lives.
Hua Tianming stood in it, with sword-like eyebrows, starry eyes, red lips, and white teeth. Facing all living beings in the world, he also exuded a strong attraction, especially the thousands of women.
He waved his sword. The sword came out.
Southern Dipper Flawless.
The essence of the Heaven Opening Sword.
It was only half a move, but it was perfect beyond imagination.
"Hum …"
That rainbow was slashed out from Hua Tianming's Tengshe's sword. Wherever the sword rainbow passed, it also outlined a beautiful holy realm.
This holy realm was not complete.
If it was complete, it would shine with the holy realm's brilliance, and the scenes in it would dance.
Hua Tianming only cultivated half a move, and what he displayed was only a still scene.
It seemed a little rigid to him, but in the eyes of others, it was extremely beautiful.
This scene did not exist for long.
Because Southern Dipper Flawless's sword soon collided with Gui Yuanyi's divine sword.
"Clang!"
When the two sword lights collided, the scene began to shake violently.
The two sword lights were almost in a stalemate, and the result was decided in an instant.
Hua Tianming could not dissect Luo Zheng's sword.
Hua Tianming could not break Gui Yuanyi's divine sword that was sealed with a complete Divine Path.
Moreover, Luo Zheng's sword was actually performed with the help of the power of that moment's godhood. Although there was still a huge gap between it and a True God, it was definitely not something that Hua Tianming could resist.
"Pop …"
That ice-blue sword light was like a pair of scissors, slashing along Hua Tianming's "Southern Dipper Flawless".
All the scenes shattered, accompanied by waves of exclamations in the world.
Beauty was short-lived after all, just like fireworks that only bloomed for a moment.
Many warriors closed their eyes. They could not bear to see that scene shatter.
Gui Yuanyi's divine sword slashed through that world.
Hua Tianming, who was unable to resist, still raised the sword in his hand. He still wanted to use the sword edge to cut Luo Zheng's sword light.
But when he slashed down again, he could not even break the layer of ice-blue on the surface of the sword light.
"Pop!"
The sword light pierced through his chest.
At this moment, there was no regret on Hua Tianming's face.
He had already done his best, but in the end, he was still defeated by Luo Zheng. But even if he was defeated, it was still a joyful thing for him.
People could not lose sight of their goals. Luo Zheng was Hua Tianming's most important goal.
He believed that this kind of opportunity would appear again.
In this battle, Luo Zheng won!
Many people in the world were very gloomy.
They still did not believe in Luo Zheng's strength. In comparison, they seemed to believe in Hua Tianming more.
As a result, the bookmakers in the world, big and small, had probably made a lot of money in this round.
As for the gamblers who had bet on Hua Tianming, they probably wanted to cry but had no tears.