There were some gamblers in the universe who bet on Luo Zheng. They were ecstatic to become rich overnight.
However, no matter if it was the loser, the winner, or the banker, they didn't know that this was their last chance to celebrate.
This was the last period of peace for the entire universe, the last period of peace for all the martial artists of the one hundred thousand great worlds. Soon, the entire universe would be plunged into panic and upheaval.
"No matter what, this was a wonderful battle!"
"Can the Sector Lord take Luo Zheng's sword attack?"
"Haha, you must be joking. After all, he is only a Divine Sea Realm warrior. It is impossible for him to defeat a Sector Lord who is three realms above him …"
"Indeed! But to be honest, this sword attack can kill a Divinity Transformation Realm warrior. A Divine Sea Realm warrior killing a Divinity Transformation Realm warrior is already incredible! "
After Luo Zheng won the battle against Hua Tianming, both of them sat on the chess pieces and closed their eyes to meditate …
One was to recover their True Yuan, and the other was to meditate.
This kind of battle where one's body was pushed to the limit was the easiest time to have an epiphany.
Before, Hua Tianming's Impeccable Southern Dipper sword attack didn't block Luo Zheng's sword attack that was close to True God level, but it was a great training for his state of mind.
After absorbing some Zhen Yuanyu, he fell into meditation.
Luo Zheng's recovery was more troublesome.
The chaotic energy was much more condensed than True Yuan. Although Luo Zheng had absorbed a lot of Zhen Yuanyu, there wasn't much left after he used the chaotic energy to devour it …
In fact, with the current characteristics of the chaotic energy, it could devour everything in the world and transform them.
But now, he was bound on the chess piece, so it wasn't suitable for him to do so.
Half of the Zhen Yuanyu in his hand had been consumed, and the chaotic energy in his body had only recovered by one-fifth. If nothing unexpected happened, Luo Zheng would have his last battle.
It depended on Xuanyuan Chenfeng's victory …
If Xuanyuan Chenfeng defeated Ku Deng, he would face Luo Zheng to compete for the first place in the Dream Battlefield.
If Xuanyuan Chenfeng lost to Ku Deng, he would face Hua Tianming to compete for second and third place. No matter who won, Luo Zheng would be promoted to first place.
"But the Chaotic Qi still needs to be replenished …" Luo Zheng's face revealed a trace of distress. "And, what exactly is that cross-shaped crystal?"
After defeating Hua Tianming, the cross-shaped crystal flickered and disappeared into Luo Zheng's Inner World.
The Chaos Qi that had condensed into a round disk also scattered.
It was as if he had never appeared before. He brought Luo Zheng this victory, but also brought him a bellyful of doubts.
At that time, Luo Zheng had also sensed his own aura and released a strong change at that moment. The power contained within the cross-shaped crystal had already surpassed the limits of the universe. However, Luo Zheng had never controlled this cross-shaped crystal. It appeared in an instant and disappeared in an instant …
Confused, Luo Zheng's eyes suddenly flash.
He felt a tremendous flow of Heaven and Earth Original Qi pouring down from the top of his head!
That strand of Heaven Earth Yuan Qi was extremely fine, directly passing down from the top of Luo Zheng's head and spreading through his meridians. Finally, like a river gathering in the sea, it flowed into Luo Zheng's inner world and was finally swallowed up by the chaotic energy.
"This is …"
Luo Zheng raised his head to look. The thick clouds in the sky were moving slowly, but he couldn't see any movement.
Most likely, it's her. Luo Zheng smiled.
At this moment …
Ku Deng and Xuanyuan Chenfeng had stepped into the Heaven and Earth Chessboard.
The positions of their chess pieces were very strange …
The black chess pieces in the Central Sky Chessboard had been swallowed. At this moment, the Heaven and Earth Chessboard was in its final stage.
Xuanyuan Chenfeng's white chess piece was placed in the Central Sky Chessboard.
This move caused Xuanyuan Chenfeng's face to blossom with a bright smile.
To him, it was a great turning point!
The situation on the chessboard was too complicated. Even though Xuanyuan Chenfeng was good at chess, he couldn't see through this move.
Before this, many people who were good at chess thought that the strength of the chess player was just ordinary.
However, after the dust settled, it was a great turning point. It directly changed the whole situation of the white chess pieces, and also changed Xuanyuan Chenfeng's fate!
"I will still win." Standing on the Heaven and Earth Chessboard, Xuanyuan Chenfeng's face showed his pride. His belief was unprecedentedly strong …
Only when he believed in himself could he move forward courageously. This was Xuanyuan Chenfeng's absolute confidence.
However, this absolute confidence was shaken by the battle between Hua Tianming and Luo Zheng!
The geniuses in Gods No Thoughts could represent all the geniuses in the entire universe. Among them, Xuanyuan Chenfeng was an invincible existence.
In the last three hundred battles, he had regarded Lie Qianhan as his biggest opponent. An opponent who had been defeated by him, he didn't need to be afraid of him.
The first place was almost at his fingertips.
However, after the battle between the two of them, Xuanyuan Chenfeng's state of mind was greatly shaken.
These two guys, where did these evildoers come from? How could they have such strong strength …
Xuanyuan Chenfeng was most afraid of losing his confidence.
For him, confidence was equal to strength!
The most hateful thing was that the two of them had messed up the chess game, but the guy on the cloud didn't return to the chessboard. The whole chessboard was in a mess. Was this chess game still valid?
Since he couldn't rely on others, he could only rely on himself.
After defeating Ku Deng, he could face Luo Zheng directly. Then, Ku Deng could only compete with Qing Yu for the fourth place. He just hoped that the guy on the cloud could finish the last few moves smoothly …
However, Ku Deng's strength couldn't be underestimated.
Among the first five people, the strength that each of them showed couldn't be underestimated. Qing Yu, Ku Deng, Hua Tianming, Luo Zheng.
Thinking of this, Xuanyuan Chenfeng couldn't help but sigh. At the critical moment, these guys came out. What kind of world was this …
Ku Deng's face was as calm as always.
Xuanyuan Chenfeng didn't reveal his trump card, but a person's reputation was like a tree's shadow. The title of the first Dao child wasn't that easy to obtain.
After Xuanyuan Chenfeng stepped onto the Heaven and Earth Chessboard, Ku Deng raised the Buddhist staff in his hand.
The nine rings on the Buddhist staff had been cut off by Hua Tianming. When the staff was raised, a bloody smell gushed out from it.
"Asura!"
"Phew …"
Ku Deng, who originally had a kind face, now looked extremely ferocious, like a beast instead of a human. His body grew taller by half, and his eyes revealed a ferocious look.
Xuanyuan Chenfeng also knew that Ku Deng wasn't the same as the previous opponents. It was impossible to defeat him just by being perfunctory …
Therefore, Xuanyuan Chenfeng finally became serious. This was the first time he became serious.
At this moment, Xuanyuan Chenfeng took out a spear from the Sumeru space. It was a fiery red spear.
"This Xuanyuan Chenfeng also has a weapon?"
"He doesn't use weapons, does he?"
"Who said that he can't use weapons …"
Xuanyuan Chenfeng was different from Hua Tianming. Hua Tianming always carried a sword on his back and didn't use it. Naturally, everyone was very confused. At the same time, they thought that he was showing off.
However, Xuanyuan Chenfeng never showed his weapon. In addition, this guy's palm strike was so sharp. Therefore, the first impression was strongest. They thought that Xuanyuan Chenfeng was fighting with his bare hands.
Some warriors practiced special techniques, for example, those who specialized in palm techniques and fist techniques. It wasn't strange that they didn't use weapons.
Therefore, when Xuanyuan Chenfeng took out his spear, everyone was puzzled …
At the moment when he pulled out his spear, Bitter Lamp stepped on a chess piece, and with a huge force pushing him forward, he took the initiative to launch an attack!
"The little monk finally lost his composure."
"It's over. In this kind of battle, the one who loses his footing first will definitely lose …"
"Not necessarily. Maybe this Xuanyuan Chenfeng is also an embroidered pillow."
While everyone was talking, Ku Deng had already shot towards Xuanyuan Chenfeng who was standing with his spear.
Under this rapid rush, Ku Deng's figure suddenly stopped. The stop was very sudden. Even the warriors who were watching the picture scroll couldn't keep up with it.
After stopping, Ku Deng suddenly retreated more than ten feet. He changed his angle and rushed again. Then, he stopped again.
On the other hand, Xuanyuan Chenfeng only held the long spear in his hand, the tip of the spear facing the Bitter Lamp. If the Bitter Lamp changed its angle, he would only slightly tilt it, adjusting the direction of the tip of his spear.
Ku Deng's Constellation Eyes could see the future.
This time, he changed his position more than ten times. No matter which direction he rushed from, the Constellation Eyes could see the scene after three breaths.