Ku Deng's Buddha heart was extremely stable.
There was an ancient glass bell in the Hidden Spirit Temple. Every time the bell was rung, six illusions would appear, endless reincarnation.
To train the Buddha heart, one had to experience the test of six reincarnations …
The core disciples of the Hidden Spirit Temple were qualified to enter the ancient glass bell every month to ring the bell and train the Buddha heart.
One month was the upper limit of the core disciples. Ordinary Buddhist disciples couldn't enter.
The six illusions of the bell tested the Buddha heart deeply. If one entered it frequently, the Buddha heart would collapse easily …
However, when Ku Deng entered it, he rang the bell once a day for four days!
When he left the ancient glass bell, his Buddha heart had entered the realm of openness.
Since the Hidden Spirit Temple was built, Ku Deng was the only one who could bear it continuously for four hundred days without collapsing.
His Buddha heart was so stable, but because he saw something that didn't happen, his Buddha heart was shaken!
Ku Deng had comprehended great wisdom, great courage, and great fearlessness.
However, Xuanyuan Chenfeng's spear seemed to be able to destroy his Buddha heart.
He circled around Xuanyuan Chenfeng unceasingly. The Constellation Eyes saw the same scene.
Using one spear to kill him!
Every time he looked at the scene after three breaths, it was as if a heavy hammer had struck his Buddhist heart, causing his chest to feel stuffy. Gradually, his originally rosy round face also became pale, like a piece of white paper ….
Xuanyuan Chenfeng held the spear in his hand, his face calm!
"Swoosh, swoosh, swoosh …"
The Bitter Lantern revolved around Xuanyuan Chenfeng.
Xuanyuan Chenfeng stood still, his long spear aimed at Ku Deng.
After a dozen or so laps around the mountain.
"Puff!"
A mouthful of blood spurted out from Ku Deng's mouth, but he eventually stopped.
This scene made the people outside the scroll dumbstruck again.
"They didn't fight. How could Ku Deng get hurt?"
"I don't understand it anymore …"
"What kind of evil technique does Xuanyuan Chenfeng know?"
Ordinary evil techniques couldn't be used in this situation, especially Xuanyuan Chenfeng.
Especially people like Xuanyuan Chenfeng, who didn't understand and disdained to use those evil techniques …
Ku Deng, who was standing still, put his palms together and closed his eyes.
The scene remained the same after three breaths. Regardless of which direction he attacked from, the final result was the same.
If he forcefully attacked, that spear might really shatter his Buddha-heart!
No one would die in this Illusory Battlefield, but what was restored was only the physical body. If his state of mind was affected, it would bring unnecessary trouble to his Buddha's heart.
"Little monk, I admit defeat." Bitter Lamp saluted with one hand. He actually admitted defeat directly …
"What? He actually admitted defeat! "
"This little monk is useless... He didn't even fight before admitting defeat. What a good-for-nothing!"
"Scared before the battle? Haha, I thought that the Hidden Spirit Temple had cultivated some kind of peerless genius!"
In the battle for the top ten, almost no one chose to admit defeat directly.
Everyone's strength was unfathomable, and no one was willing to submit to the other. In the end, they had to fight to the death.
Of course, Xi Youqin was an exception. Since she entered the top 10, she had been watching the show …
Hearing Ku Deng's words, Xuanyuan Chenfeng shook the spear in his hand. After circling it twice, he put it into his Sumeru Space, turned around, and flew up into the sky.
Ku Deng's face revealed a trace of loneliness. He shook his head and flew back to the chess piece.
Since he dared to admit defeat, he naturally knew how others would criticize him. However, he firmly believed that his choice was correct.
"Brother Tianming, what do you think?" The way Xuanyuan Chenfeng held the spear had left a deep impression on Luo Zheng. It seemed to give people a kind of great threat.
With only one spear, he could force Ku Deng to admit defeat directly. Luo Zheng couldn't help but feel that it was unimaginable …
Hua Tianming shook his head and looked serious. "This guy's strength seems to be very special!" Now that Xuanyuan Chenfeng defeated Ku Deng, he would compete with Luo Zheng for the first place. If Luo Zheng won, Xuanyuan Chenfeng would compete with Hua Tianming for the second place. Hua Tianming naturally focused on analyzing.
"How is it special?" Luo Zheng asked.
Hua Tianming shook his head. "I can't say. I just feel that his movements are very strange …"
Hearing this, Luo Zheng's eyes lit up.
It was indeed so …
The way Xuanyuan Chenfeng stood with his spear looked very normal. However, the position of his spear, its height, the angle of its tip, and so on all gave people a special feeling.
That kind of feeling was hard for Luo Zheng to describe. It was as if he was standing there, but not there!
However, Luo Zheng would be able to solve it soon. Because in the next battle, Luo Zheng should be facing this person!
"Luo Zheng against Xuanyuan Chenfeng. This round, for Luo Zheng, is a fight for the first place." The mysterious girl's cold voice sounded again.
This battle was the most crucial battle in the War of Dreams …
This was a fight for the number one person in the universe, and also the main character of this great era!
According to the speculations of many Empyreans, if the number one person became the number one person, the entire Heavenly Dao would be reversed. Luck would also be greatly affected.
Countless gazes were focused on this battle …
In the Fiend Night Clan, Yao's expression was very ugly.
Her battle with Xun was just a step away, a grain of sand missing …
At first, Luo Zheng only had the fate of a great era. At that time, Yao felt a faint sense of threat.
However, there were tens of thousands of people with such fate in the entire universe. Everything depended on the result of the real battle.
However, the result was so cruel …
Luo Zheng was actually able to fight with the Dao disciple of the Xuanyuan family for first place!
This person was really unstoppable!
"How can Xun be so lucky?!" Yao's appearance was extremely beautiful, but there was always a hint of ruthlessness in her eyes. She was born with a fierce appearance!
If Luo Zheng really obtained first place, it would be impossible for her to keep forcing Luo Zheng into the Immortal Abode.
However, for her to watch Luo Zheng come back with Xun in his current state?
That was also impossible!
Xun, who was in the Immortal Abode, did not know.
This was probably the most boring period of Xun's life …
There was no illusory space in the Immortal Abode. Naturally, she could not see Luo Zheng's ranking, let alone the magnificent painting.
Mu Mingxue had also entered the Illusory Battlefield, but she was quickly eliminated. She did not know what had happened.
In the past few days, there had been more roaring voices in the universe.
Occasionally, Heavenly Venerables would mention Luo Zheng …
Some were praises, while others were curses.
Based on this, it could be inferred that Luo Zheng had entered the final stage.
No one knew how many places he could obtain. If he could get into the top ten, it would be easy. However, his accumulation was probably not comparable to those of the great clans.
Xun sat on one side of the octagonal pavilion. She stretched out the tip of her foot and spread out a little ripple in the pool. Through the ripples, she was lost in thought as she looked at the huge goldfish in the pool.
She, who had always been decisive, rarely showed this kind of expression. Xun also felt that, after staying by Luo Zheng's side for several years, her temperament had changed a lot.
She was no longer the Queen who controlled killing. Instead, she was like a woman who did not belong to the world. She was extremely dependent on Luo Zheng …
…
Xuanyuan Chenfeng once again stood on the Heaven and Earth Chessboard.
After observing the battle between Luo Zheng and Hua Tianming, he was very afraid of Luo Zheng!
That extremely cold Dao Connotation had even suppressed Xuanyuan Chenfeng's heart of martial arts. His unbreakable confidence had also been shaken.
He was afraid that even a True God could not compare to it!
At that moment, Luo Zheng almost made Xuanyuan Chenfeng doubt his life's struggle.
Fortunately, not long after, Luo Zheng's aura disappeared, along with his Dao Connotation.
He did not know how Luo Zheng did it, but he had a judgment in his heart. It seemed that Luo Zheng could not control this ability. It seemed that he was forced out by Hua Tianming!
He observed very carefully, because at that moment, he saw that Luo Zheng's face showed doubts!
If it was just like that, it would be easy to explain.
Luo Zheng's sword was powerful, but it could still be defeated!
"Pa pa!"
When the two of them landed, two more chess pieces landed.
Seeing where the two chess pieces landed, Xuanyuan Chenfeng was wild with joy. The heavens were really helping him!
Luo Zheng saw Xuanyuan Chenfeng's joy, but he showed a cold expression. Before, Xuanyuan Chenfeng used the chess pieces as an excuse to talk nonsense, which made Luo Zheng very unhappy. This guy's mouth could not spit out ivory.
"Haha, it seems that sometimes it will be fated," Xuanyuan Chenfeng laughed and said.
＝＝＝＝＝