When Luo Zheng placed a black piece, it was the black piece.
When Xuanyuan Chenfeng placed a white piece, it was the white piece …
Now, there were many clever moves on the chessboard. After the white pieces were placed, they were completely connected, forming a big living eye!
The "big dragon" that was destroyed by the black pieces earlier was faintly appearing at this moment!
And Xuanyuan Chenfeng's piece was the finishing touch!
"What a dreamy start. It seems that you are destined to lose this battle." Xuanyuan Chenfeng smiled faintly. "And look over there …"
As he spoke, he stretched out his hand and pointed at a few pieces. "These pieces were placed by Xi Youqin before. They were originally separated from each other, but now they are connected to form the power of the Red Luan, and its power is directed at me!"
Luo Zheng knew that this guy's dog mouth couldn't spit out ivory. He couldn't see the power of the Red Luan.
"And then?" Luo Zheng asked expressionlessly.
Xuanyuan Chenfeng's expression revealed a touch of pride. "My fate is directed by the Heavenly Dao. There is a principle that I don't know if you understand or not. These deductions of fate will happen, and it will eventually become history! As the saying goes, the power of the Heavenly Dao is vast and mighty. Those who go with the flow will prosper, and those who go against it will die! How can you block it? "
"Whoosh!"
Xuanyuan Chenfeng took out the red tasseled spear. The tip of the spear suddenly shook, and it surged. "If you are tactful, understand your situation, and understand what to do, then naturally don't make things difficult for Youqin!"
This person … his skin was already thick to a certain extent.
"Hey! I am not familiar with you. What right do you have to say that about me and Luo Zheng? "Xi Youqin was instantly angry.
She could ignore the previous matters. This Xuanyuan Chenfeng was baffling from the first time they met, but he was clearly persuading Luo Zheng to leave her!
Xi Youqin could tolerate other matters, but this was the only matter that made her the most angry. Thus, she didn't hold back and said, "You think you're the Heavenly Dao and no one will stop you. However, Luo Zheng is my husband. Who has anything to do with you? You're so big and full of big words, yet you don't even understand this little bit of logic. Although the universe is big, I'm afraid it's not as big as the heart you lack! "
As a woman, she was indeed more skilled than a man when it came to insulting others. Xi Youqin originally did not have such a sharp tongue, but after cultivating in the Indefinite Tower and spending a long time with her Senior Sisters, she could be said to be influenced by the company she kept.
When this string of words was thrown out, the countless cultivators in the Great Worlds immediately burst into laughter.
Xuanyuan Chenfeng could be considered a beauty in the eyes of countless women. However, after being ridiculed by Xi Youqin, his face turned red and white. He was indeed unable to hold himself back.
As a result, he once again fell into a kind of doubt. He doubted his own charm and lost his confidence …
Xuanyuan Chenfeng's heart of martial arts was originally supported by absolute confidence. He believed that he could have whatever he wanted and that he could do it. He would definitely succeed! In this universe, there was nothing that he couldn't do if he put in the effort!
Xi Youqin's words dealt a blow to Xuanyuan Chenfeng's state of mind. It was even stronger than when Luo Zheng and Hua Tianming fought. The strength that erupted from them was a blow to him!
"This … is just fate. I'm just speaking the truth." Xuanyuan Chenfeng lost his confidence for the first time in front of a woman.
Xi Youqin sneered and said, "Speaking the truth also depends on the occasion. Besides, this divination of fate is just a divination in the end. In the end, it hasn't happened yet. I gave you a reference and you rushed up to it. Are you stupid?"
"…" Xuanyuan Chenfeng didn't speak. It wasn't that he didn't have anything to refute, but looking at Xi Youqin's slightly excited expression, he instinctively didn't know what to say.
After seeing Xuanyuan Chenfeng shut up, Xi Youqin coldly snorted and turned to face Luo Zheng with a beautiful smile. "Husband! Do your best! "
Previously, she had been calling Luo Zheng, but now, she sweetly called him husband.
In the Jade Pure Holy Land, Ning Yudie couldn't help but have goosebumps when she heard this. The disappointment in her clever eyes gradually became stronger.
She wasn't jealous of Xi Youqin's achievements. She just envied Xi Youqin for being able to stand side by side with Luo Zheng. Ning Yudie's soft lips gently bit, and there was also a kind of unwillingness gradually rising from her face.
Luo Zheng smiled faintly at Xi Youqin. After nodding, he raised the broken sword in his hand.
This sword could only be returned to Dugu Jian Xiaoxiao after this battle!
However, what Luo Zheng didn't expect was that as soon as he raised the sword, a gust of wind blew in his face. That gust of wind was vigorous, and it was like a big stone smashing towards his face!
It was Xuanyuan Chenfeng who directly made his move!
He was probably angered by Xi Youqin …
In terms of speed, Xuanyuan Chenfeng was slower than Hua Tianming. When he jumped up, he dived down. The spear in his hand didn't stab towards Luo Zheng, but directly smashed towards Luo Zheng with the tip of the spear!
It was a fierce smash without any pattern …
"This guy, how much resentment does he have to do this?" Luo Zheng was also somewhat speechless.
A white mist appeared on the surface of Luo Zheng's body. With a slight sway, he used Eight Paths Flying Smoke and easily dodged this fierce smash!
"Boom!"
The tip of the spear was only two fingers wide and three inches long.
However, the force of this spear smashing down was not weak at all!
The place where Luo Zheng was standing just now directly collapsed, forming a huge pit that continuously spread towards the surroundings!
Luo Zheng's figure had already floated to the other side of the Heaven and Earth Chessboard!
"Whoosh!"
Xuanyuan Chenfeng raised his spear up high. His figure was like a shuttle as he rapidly flew forward, leaving behind afterimages as he closed in on Luo Zheng. Once again, he stabbed out with his spear.
Luo Zheng didn't care at all. He circled around the spear. This time, Luo Zheng didn't evade. He actually followed the spear to get close to Xuanyuan Chenfeng. At the same time, he directly slashed towards Xuanyuan Chenfeng's head!
Xuanyuan Chenfeng instantly lowered his body to dodge Luo Zheng's slash. He reversed his spear and turned it into a divine dragon's tail. The tail of the spear was like a long staff that whipped towards Luo Zheng.
If an ordinary martial artist was swept by the tail of the spear, they would probably be directly split into two.
"Hmph!"
Luo Zheng coldly snorted. A huge force erupted from his hand. He didn't choose to evade!
This Xuanyuan Chenfeng was like a madman. He actually rushed up and chose to engage in close combat. However, who could Luo Zheng defeat in close combat?
"Bang!"
Along with a muffled sound, Luo Zheng's fist, which was filled with the power of the dragon scales, directly smashed onto the tail of the spear.
Xuanyuan Chenfeng's spear technique was indeed extremely solid. It seemed like he specialized in spear techniques. Since the divine dragon's tail was rebounded, he borrowed the momentum to flip over and use the tip of his spear to stab Luo Zheng's face!
The tip of his spear was extremely long and narrow. If it was hit, it would be no different from being slashed by a knife. Moreover, Xuanyuan Chenfeng's spear was a supreme artifact. If it was hit, perhaps Luo Zheng's skull would be lifted up!
Xuanyuan Chenfeng was unhappy. Naturally, he wanted to vent his anger on Luo Zheng.
Regardless of whether this method could deal with Luo Zheng or not, the most important thing right now was to vent his anger!
However, before his spear could reach Xuanyuan Chenfeng, the broken sword in Luo Zheng's hand suddenly shook and pushed the spear away. The huge force also pushed Xuanyuan Chenfeng to stagger.
Taking advantage of Xuanyuan Chenfeng's stagger, Luo Zheng had already sent a fist towards Xuanyuan Chenfeng's face.
Xuanyuan Chenfeng didn't expect this fist. Caught off guard, he was directly smashed into a corner of the chessboard. He was stuck in the air for a while before slowly sliding down the chessboard.