The martial artists who had fought their way to the top ten had almost no weaknesses.
Strength, cultivation methods, martial skills, and speed had all been cultivated to the peak of the Divine Sea realm.
If there was a weakness, the other party might take advantage of it and break it …
Just like the dreamland that Ji Lian Sheng had spread out. In the dreamland, she was an invincible existence, but her own strength wasn't strong.
Once the dreamland was broken, she would become a lamb waiting to be slaughtered.
Xuanyuan Chenfeng's body wasn't as strong as Luo Zheng's, but it was extremely tough. He took Luo Zheng's punch without any major problems.
Xuanyuan Chenfeng, who had slid onto the chessboard, was startled for a moment. He seemed to have thought of something and immediately revealed an optimistic expression …
"Indeed, I shouldn't be talking nonsense with you here." Xuanyuan Chenfeng shook his head and said, "Things like fate shouldn't be publicized. It's just time to prove it. Perhaps the fate on this chessboard will only come true after many years … However, the fact that you lost to me can be verified immediately!"
After saying that, Xuanyuan Chenfeng's aura gradually changed …
He casually held his spear and slowly walked towards Luo Zheng from the edge of the chessboard.
Every time he took a step, his aura would increase by a bit. It was as if there was something invisible attached to his body!
Although his steps were slow, his actual speed wasn't slow. If one observed carefully, they would see that after he took a step, he would slide along the chessboard for a distance. It was as if he was walking on a layer of ice.
As he walked closer and closer, Xuanyuan Chenfeng seemed to have turned into a giant in Luo Zheng's eyes.
Xuanyuan Chenfeng wasn't that tall, but his powerful aura gave everyone an illusion!
Before, Luo Zheng had the cross-shaped crystal and his aura was like that of a True God. However, the pressure it brought was only applied to the Dao Children on the Heaven and Earth Chessboard.
However, Xuanyuan Chenfeng was different.
When his aura suddenly increased, it could even affect people outside the scroll!
Outside the scroll, countless martial artists were staring at Xuanyuan Chenfeng. Under the pressure of his aura, their hearts were beating wildly.
However, although this aura was powerful, its influence was limited.
Facing this boundless aura, a Divine Transformation realm martial artist would only feel a slight pressure.
Many sector lords, facing this aura, only showed a trace of doubt on their faces. They were wondering how this Spirit Sea realm kid could affect their state of mind.
From the moment they entered the Heaven and Earth Chessboard until now, Xuanyuan Chenfeng had not made any serious moves.
The opponents he encountered were either sent flying by Xuanyuan Chenfeng's slap or directly crushed by the palm print. Even when facing Ku Deng, he didn't use his real power, because Ku Deng wisely chose to admit defeat.
However, Xuanyuan Chenfeng also knew that it was impossible for the fellow in front of him to admit defeat.
In that case, he could only use even more power to make him understand what Xuanyuan Chenfeng's name meant.
Facing the approaching Xuanyuan Chenfeng, Luo Zheng's gaze became more and more cautious. The Primal Chaos Sea also began to surge. The Primal Chaos Qi was like a tide that gathered towards Luo Zheng's sword light.
Just now, when the two of them exchanged blows, he had the upper hand. However, in a battle of this level, this little bit of advantage was meaningless.
The most troublesome thing now was that he couldn't see through Xuanyuan Chenfeng's ability.
In order to defeat Hua Tianming, Luo Zheng could be said to have used all of his trump cards. However, Xuanyuan Chenfeng's ability was like an iceberg floating on the sea. Only a corner of it was revealed. Most of it was hidden in the dark!
"Pa!"
When Xuanyuan Chenfeng closed the distance to a certain extent, the corner of his foot stepped on a chess piece! His body suddenly shot towards Luo Zheng!
That long spear was like a flood dragon coming out of its cave. Under Xuanyuan Chenfeng's fast charge, the spear bent and stabbed towards Luo Zheng in a very unique way!
"This is the spear!"
Ku Deng, who was on the chess piece, stared at Xuanyuan Chenfeng and took a deep breath.
In the Eyes of Constellation, he saw a spear that shook his Buddha heart …
Until now, he still couldn't understand.
What did Xuanyuan Chenfeng rely on to stab out such a spear?
Ku Deng admitted that there was a gap between his strength and Xuanyuan Chenfeng's, but the gap wasn't that big. What kind of Divine Path did Xuanyuan Chenfeng cultivate?!
However, Ku Deng didn't know that at this moment, Luo Zheng had the same feeling as Ku Deng.
This was Xuanyuan Chenfeng's serious first spear …
However, Luo Zheng felt that he was on the verge of death!
He felt that if this spear stabbed him, not only would his life disappear, but even his soul would be destroyed. His heart of martial arts would collapse directly!
What a powerful spear!
Luo Zheng's heart trembled.
However, his first choice was to retreat.
After exploding his vital essence, he used the Eight Winding Smoke Flying at the same time, quickly turning back. His escape technique didn't look elegant at all. It was even a little embarrassing. However, he didn't have a better choice.
This spear didn't contain any Dao Essence, and it didn't look like it was that powerful. Why? As Luo Zheng retreated, his mind kept turning.
As Luo Zheng retreated quickly, Xuanyuan Chenfeng's spear stabbed nothing.
However, the spear stabbed nothing. From the tip of the spear, a purple spear light burst out, extending and following behind Luo Zheng …
"Whoosh!"
"Whoosh!"
The spear light followed Luo Zheng!
"This spear light … also has the same feeling!"
The spear light was an extension of his spear, and the power contained in this spear light wasn't that strong.
If it was in the past, Luo Zheng could block this spear light with one sword. Even if he just stood there and let the spear light hit him, it wouldn't be a big problem.
However, Luo Zheng had a vague feeling.
If he was hit by this spear light, he would also collapse …
"Yi God's Sword!"
As he retreated, a cyan sword essence turned into a sword light and shot out, hitting the spear light!
The Yi God's Sword, which was derived from the Primal Chaos Qi, was much stronger than this ordinary spear light. According to Luo Zheng's experience, the sword light could directly corrode the spear light, and then roll back towards Xuanyuan Chenfeng …
However, the next scene made Luo Zheng stunned.
"Ka …"
When the sword light collided with the spear light, a small crack appeared on its surface.
Seeing the crack, Luo Zheng was stunned.
Although the sword light had color, it was actually a cyan light that was reflected after the sword essence condensed.
However, the sword light itself didn't have a physical form. When it was released, it flew out with the sharp tip as the tip …
It was like a mass of air, but a mass of air with extraordinary power.
Who had heard of air that could shatter?
However, the scene in front of his eyes really happened …
Those cracks spread out, and the spear light released by the Yi God's Sword directly collapsed and disintegrated.
The corner of Lie Qianhan's mouth revealed a cold smile. He couldn't help but let out a low laugh, like a beast's roar, "Hahahaha … I'm afraid this kid is going to collapse!"
Hua Tianming's eyes flashed with a fiery light, and his expression was incomparably solemn, "What a tyrannical spear technique, to be able to shatter the sword light directly!"
"Luo Zheng's sword was actually shattered!"
"That sword light is a ray of light, how can this ray of light be shattered …"
"In this universe, there are always some mysteries that we are unable to understand. We have to have a respectful heart towards these mysteries."
In the universe, 99% of the people saw this strange phenomenon, but no one knew what this phenomenon meant …
"Damn it!"
After the spear light shattered Luo Zheng's Yi God's Sword, it continued to rush towards Luo Zheng!
At this moment, Luo Zheng did not hesitate …
If he had any hesitation, he would have been shattered by the spear light!
"Gui Yuan Yi God's Sword!"
The strengthened version of the Yi God's Sword!
It was also Luo Zheng's strongest sword, but it was only used to deal with this unremarkable purple spear light!
"Whoosh!"
The majestic Chaos Qi and the Metal Law merged together and surged up again.
However, in terms of volume, Luo Zheng's sword was enough to offset the thousand purple spear lights!
However, this sword that was mixed with Chaos Qi flew out and collided with the spear light. In an instant, Luo Zheng heard an explosion in his ears!
"Pa!"
This sword once again had those inconceivable cracks!
The sword light dissipated …
A purple spear light once again rushed out of Luo Zheng's sword light, and continued to rush towards Luo Zheng. It was like a ghost from hell, biting Luo Zheng's back, unwilling to disperse!
"Whoosh!"
This spear light shot over, and Luo Zheng slightly tilted his head at the crucial moment. The purple spear light almost brushed past Luo Zheng's ear, piercing through his earlobe!
However, at this moment, Luo Zheng once again heard a "pa" sound.