A crack appeared on Luo Zheng's forehead, extending from his forehead to his neck and body.
It was as if a piece of porcelain had been smashed! That crack was very thin, and blood seeped out from it. It looked very scary. It was as if Luo Zheng had been cut in the middle by a knife!
However, his clothes were completely undamaged, which made him look extremely strange.
This injury wasn't serious.
The problem was that the destruction caused by that spear light was unimaginable!
That purple spear light first shattered Luo Zheng's Godly Yi Sword, then shattered the Godly Yi Sword. Originally, the spear wasn't that powerful, but in the end, it only pierced through Luo Zheng's earlobe, causing a crack to appear on his body.
This …
Luo Zheng's eyes flashed with doubt as he stared at Xuanyuan Chenfeng in front of him.
The power of that spear was too terrifying.
If he was hit by that spear, wouldn't his entire body be smashed?
There was actually such a magical spear technique in this world!
"I … I didn't see it wrong!"
Even Ku Deng, who was as calm as water, had a look of admiration on his face.
He finally understood why he had seen such a scene in his eyes that made him feel despair …
He couldn't dodge that spear, nor could he block it. After three breaths, the scene in front of him was his body being smashed into pieces!
"Xuanyuan Chenfeng's spear is so powerful?"
"It's really unimaginable. It seems to contain some strange characteristics …"
"Too exaggerated. That spear only shot through Luo Zheng's face, but it made his entire body almost split open. What kind of spear technique is that?"
Xuanyuan Chenfeng's reputation as the First Dao Child was really big. However, everyone had only heard of his name. Many warriors in the universe had never seen his real body. As for his skills, they had no idea.
Everyone only knew that this person was strong, but no one could say how strong he was.
Now, Xuanyuan Chenfeng's spear made everyone understand that the power this guy controlled was beyond the knowledge of countless people. They simply couldn't understand Xuanyuan Chenfeng's power.
Except for a small number of Heavenly Venerables, even the Realm Lords and the Saint Lords of the Holy Lands couldn't understand it …
"Is it the Law of Space?"
"It doesn't look like it. The Law of Space can indeed create such an effect, forcing Luo Zheng's sword intent away. But the crack must be black, because the shattered space will reveal the Shadow World on the other side …"
"The Illusion Battlefield shouldn't exist on the reverse side of the world!"
Many knowledgeable people were guessing and analyzing …
All the clansmen of the Xuanyuan clan wore Daoist robes. They stood quietly in a boundless square as they silently stared at the painting.
Of the four clans of the deities, the Xuan Yuan Clan was the leader.
Actually, compared to the other three great clans, the Xuan Yuan Clan had the least number of people. For example, the Ji Clan, the Ji Clan, and the Lie Clan each had over a thousand branches and millions of clansmen with the same surname …
There were less than a hundred thousand clansmen with the surname Xuanyuan.
It was precisely because of the small number of clansmen that the surname "Xuanyuan" was even more glorious. The cohesiveness of the entire family was also the strongest among the four major families.
"Chen Feng has finally made his move," someone said in the silence.
"This is already the final battle. If he doesn't make his move now, when will he make his move …" someone replied.
"To be honest, Luo Zheng and Hua Tianming both have the strength to fight against Chen Feng. The inheritances that those two brats obtained are also frightening. However, in the end, they won't be able to defeat Chen Feng. His fate was decided the moment he was born. It can't be changed. You guys were worried before, but what are you worried about?" Another voice was transmitted. This voice was somewhat unruly. In the strict Xuanyuan Clan, this kind of person was extremely rare …
They were very confident in Xuanyuan Chenfeng. This confidence came from Xuanyuan Chenfeng's ability.
… …
On the chessboard, Xuanyuan Chenfeng's mouth revealed a faint smile.
He was very satisfied with the result of this spear.
Xuanyuan Chenfeng didn't want to kill Luo Zheng cleanly …
Normally, Xuanyuan Chenfeng wasn't a ruthless and bloodthirsty person. Apart from being a bit eccentric, he was usually quite upright. People like Luo Zheng couldn't affect his mood at all.
However, at this moment, seeing Luo Zheng's expression, Xuanyuan Chenfeng's heart was filled with a very unpleasant feeling.
He was already very satisfied with the small crack caused by the first spear strike.
"Whoosh!"
Under the dancing of the red tasseled spear, a cold purple light appeared. He stared at Luo Zheng and said with a smile, "How do you feel?"
Luo Zheng stared straight at Xuanyuan Chenfeng.
That strange feeling was getting stronger and stronger … …
The swinging of the spear tip, the position where Xuanyuan Chenfeng was standing, the position where he was stepping, everything seemed very normal. However, it was a bit too normal.
Everything had a limit. After this limit, it would give people a very strange feeling.
It was like some women who, no matter how you looked at them, had a face that could be called peerless. However, if you looked carefully, there would always be a strange feeling, as if something didn't match.
The current Xuanyuan Chenfeng gave Luo Zheng such a feeling.
He didn't reply to Xuanyuan Chenfeng's words … …
If he wanted to defeat this guy, he had to figure out the source of this feeling.
Standing here was just waiting for death. This time, Luo Zheng took the initiative to launch an attack.
"Shua ~ ~"
Luo Zheng's figure flashed, but he didn't rush towards Xuanyuan Chenfeng.
This guy's spear was so terrifying. If he rashly rushed forward, it was tantamount to courting death … …
Therefore, Luo Zheng, like Ku Deng, began to circle around Xuanyuan Chenfeng.
The spear moved in a straight line … …
Previously, although the purple spear light released by Xuanyuan Chenfeng could change direction to a certain extent, it didn't seem to have the ability to follow. Circling around was the best way to resist the spear technique.
Since Ku Deng could think of this, Luo Zheng could also think of this.
After all, this way, he could avoid Xuanyuan Chenfeng's spear light to the greatest extent.
As for Xuanyuan Chenfeng, his face revealed a slight smile. Just now, after Ku Deng circled around ten times, he directly admitted defeat. Could it be that Luo Zheng also wanted to admit defeat?
However, the spear in his hand slowly rotated on the spot, facing Luo Zheng from the beginning to the end.
"Shua, shua … …"
Luo Zheng walked on the chessboard, slowly circling around Xuanyuan Chenfeng.
"Have you circled around … …" Xuanyuan Chenfeng said with a faint smile, a hint of ridicule appeared on his face.
"Don't make a pointless struggle. Being defeated by me is already a supreme glory for you."
"If you can find a flaw, I will write the word Xuanyuan upside down!"
Xuanyuan Chenfeng was not in a hurry, he just sneered.
"This Luo Zheng is stalling for time, it's useless … …"
"Sooner or later, he will still be defeated by Xuanyuan Chenfeng."
"I guess he has exhausted all his tricks. This is the battle for the first place in Huan Yu, Luo Zheng won't directly admit defeat, right?"
Seeing Luo Zheng's actions, the onlookers were somewhat baffled. In the end, no one was optimistic about him.
After nearly ten breaths of time, Luo Zheng, who was originally circling around, suddenly stopped his footsteps and stared at Xuanyuan Chenfeng in a daze.
"Have you thought it through?" Xuanyuan Chenfeng continued to ridicule him.
Luo Zheng shook his head, the corner of his mouth slightly curled up.
"Then, do you admit defeat or accept death?" Xuanyuan Chenfeng asked again.
Luo Zheng continued to shake his head, at the same time, he revealed a brilliant smile. He pointed to the sky, then pointed to the ground, his eyes revealing a hint of craftiness.
Xuanyuan Chenfeng suddenly raised his head, he saw a mysterious fragment of law unceasingly circling in the sky, from which a great power of the heavens faintly leaked out. That was the sign of a lightning tribulation after connecting with the heavens and earth!
"Lightning tribulation! So many! Damn … … "
Xuanyuan Chenfeng, who reacted, cursed. He wanted to leave immediately, but it was already too late.
"Buzz buzz buzz … …"
Rings appeared one after another at this moment. There were about ten of them, and they stacked on top of each other, binding Xuanyuan Chenfeng within them …
"Hong … …"
The heavenly lightning was like countless silver snakes surging, crazily rushing down at this moment!
The power of a single Thunder Calamity Annihilation was already extremely great, but it was difficult to set it up without anyone noticing. This cultivation method was suitable for making traps.
Just now, Xuanyuan Chenfeng had been careless, because Ku Deng had been circling around him all the way.
However, he didn't know that Ku Deng was afraid of the spear after three breaths of time, so he didn't want to take action. That was why he chose to give up and admit defeat.
Luo Zheng didn't have the Constellation Eyes, so it was hard to say who would win and who would lose. While circling around, he quietly extracted the chaotic aura and hid it in the chessboard.
Eleven Lightning Tribulation Kill was equivalent to eleven great heavenly lightning tribulations, which was enough to make this guy suffer …
＝＝＝＝＝