The heavenly lightning in the Lightning Calamity Annihilation was a lightning punishment that was brought down by the Heavenly Dao.
The power of the lightning strikes derived from ordinary Lightning Laws could not compare to this.
The water snake-like heavenly lightning intertwined with each other and finally transformed into silver dragons that pounced downward!
Lie Qianhan and Ji Luoxue happened to be in the sky above the lightning. Although the chess pieces were protected by the Heavenly Dao Law and would not be hurt, the two of them controlled the chess pieces under their feet and quickly left when they saw the power of the lightning.
"Boom boom boom …"
Countless heavenly lightning bolts instantly fell, turning Xuanyuan Chenfeng's location into a lightning prison!
These lightning bolts were extremely dazzling. If one were to look closely, one would only be able to see a dazzling white expanse. It was impossible to see what was going on inside.
"This …"
Most people did not expect such a turn of events.
Just now, Luo Zheng looked completely helpless, but in the end, he attracted such a large number of Thunder Tribulations, which was indeed beyond their expectations.
"The might of this lightning tribulation is extremely strong. Under such a baptism, even if Xuanyuan Chenfeng doesn't die, he'll probably lose a layer of skin!"
"Yeah, just these lightning tribulations shouldn't be able to kill Xuanyuan Chenfeng. He'll most likely be in a very sorry state …"
"…"
Luo Zheng didn't need to activate the eleven Lightning Tribulations at once. He only needed to activate three at a time. Eleven Lightning Tribulations could strike Xuanyuan Chenfeng for the time it takes for half an incense stick to burn. No matter whether it could deal with Xuanyuan Chenfeng or not, it was enough to make him suffer …
That alone was not enough.
After pushing him aside, Luo Zheng's eyes suddenly turned cold, and the broken sword in his hand condensed a sword intent again!
"Gui Yuanyi Divine Sword!"
Golden light suddenly flashed, and a sharp sword light went straight into the ring!
Although the lightning flashed fiercely, making people unable to look at it directly, Luo Zheng could still vaguely make out Xuanyuan Chenfeng's figure.
Now, not only did Xuanyuan Chenfeng have to face the Lightning Tribulation, he also had to face the Gui Yuan Yi Divine Sword.
Xuanyuan Chenfeng, who was in the ring, was currently in a state of rage.
In this battle, as long as Luo Zheng couldn't break his spear technique, he would be in an invincible position …
However, due to his carelessness, he had actually fallen into the trap of the lightning tribulation!
"Whoosh whoosh whoosh …"
There were very few gaps in these lightning strikes, and there were no blind spots at all.
However, at this moment, Xuanyuan Chenfeng's movement technique was very unique!
Xuanyuan Chenfeng seemed to be stepping on some kind of pattern as he continuously moved within the circle of light. If someone were to accurately measure Xuanyuan Chenfeng's steps, they would discover that the distance between his two steps was three feet!
Every step was three feet, no more or less than a centimeter. It was terrifyingly accurate!
Not only that, the width of his body's movement was maintained at a distance of one foot, and he would stop every step he took. When his body stretched to a distance of one foot, he would suddenly stop, and then twist another foot in the next direction!
No matter how he dodged, the distance between them was always an integral multiple of a foot, not a single bit more.
Almost all cultivators who had reached this level of cultivation had grasped Minute Subtlety. Most of them were able to cut off a mosquito's leg with a single sword strike without taking its life.
However, Xuanyuan Chenfeng's accuracy was truly shocking!
Relying on this kind of precise footwork, he forcibly avoided most of the lightning tribulation, but there were still a few lightning strikes that landed on his head. Immediately, all the hair on his body was charred, and his body was also charred black. He looked very miserable!
In addition to his anger, he suddenly felt a great threat!
"This guy still dares to sneak attack …"
If other cultivators were to fall into this situation, they would probably die.
Unable to escape from these lightning strikes, they still had to face Luo Zheng's strongest sword strike. How difficult would it be to deal with it?
However, Xuanyuan Chenfeng, who was originally in a rage, was exceptionally calm …
In his eyes, all colors had disappeared.
The entire world had turned into lines …
In his eyes, he saw thirty-six thick lines crisscrossing the chessboard. On the chessboard, there were countless fine and messy lines. However, the chess pieces that were arranged on the chessboard were flawless. There was not a single line on them …
The more lines there were, the more flaws there were in the material.
This chessboard was fragile, so wherever his eyes passed, there would be many flaws!
Those chess pieces could not be destroyed, and there might be flaws in them, but Xuanyuan Chenfeng could not see them at all. This was because of the limitation of his cultivation.
In addition …
The bolts of lightning were also filled with cracks!
The movement of time and all things had their own rules, and what restricted these rules were the various laws of the universe …
Actually, some laws were discovered by cultivators, and they were carefully studied and comprehended. Just like those origin laws, they were the most important laws, and the number of people who cultivated them was also the most widespread.
At the same time, there were also some people who took other paths and started from some special laws.
For example, the movement of the celestial body, the awakening of the dreamland, and the rebirth of the netherworld.
Luo Zheng's Stellar Battle Body used the laws of the celestial body to activate the power of the stars …
These laws were set by the Heavenly Dao.
The Heavenly Dao was set up by the gods.
The set up of laws was the Divine Dao of Truth. The Divine Dao of Truth was the set up of laws!
It was also the most important part of the three thousand Great Dao, the Great Dao that had been formed for billions of years, the foundation of the existence of the gods …
Xuanyuan Chenfeng's Comprehension of Truth could see through the movement of thousands of laws in the universe, so all he could see were lines and dots, which were the most basic picture of the universe!
Although the red tasseled long spear in his hand was a supreme divine weapon, it was not a very outstanding treasure.
Because he did not need it …
Anything in his eyes would show a huge flaw!
The Spear of Law that he cultivated was actually much more powerful than what people had seen, because the Spear of Law could directly destroy the opponent through those flaws!
That was why Xuanyuan Chenfeng had put so much pressure on Ku Deng.
Before he confronted Ku Deng, the Spear of Law had already locked on Ku Deng's biggest flaw.
Three inches to the right of Ku Deng's chest, there was a small round dot, and from that small dot, many thin lines spread out. Most of these thin lines spread out above Ku Deng's heart, and a small part spread out in his mind, even connecting with his soul!
If the Spear of Law broke it, it could directly destroy Ku Deng!
Soul, state of mind, body …
That was why he could put so much pressure on Ku Deng.
That dot was Ku Deng's Achilles' heel!
A few years ago, when Ku Deng cultivated the Golden Bell Shield, he also knew that his Achilles' heel was three inches to the right of his chest, but Ku Deng never thought that there would be such a big flaw under this Achilles' heel …
Actually, when Xuanyuan Chenfeng first saw Luo Zheng, he was a bit confused.
His Comprehension of Truth could see the flaws of all things.
The stronger one's cultivation, the fewer flaws there were …
A Spirit Sea Realm warrior usually had more than a hundred flaws on his body.
Extreme God realm martial artists had dozens of flaws.
Divine Transformation realm martial artists, in Xuanyuan Chenfeng's eyes, usually only had ten flaws.
Sector Lord realm martial artists, he could occasionally see one flaw, but most of the time, he could not see any.
Empyrean realm martial artists were beyond the scope of Xuanyuan Chenfeng's Comprehension of Truth, unable to observe.
However, Luo Zheng's body only had four lines, as for the Achilles' heel, Xuanyuan Chenfeng could not see where it was!
He was clearly just a Divine Sea realm martial artist, why did his body only have so few flaws? It was even rarer than Divine Transformation realm martial artists …
Xuanyuan Chenfeng could not figure it out.
However, this did not matter, Luo Zheng only had fewer flaws, but it did not mean that he did not have any flaws.
As long as there was a flaw, his Spear of Law would be able to display a terrifying destructive power.
At first, he shot out a spear light, pointing at Luo Zheng's earlobe. From the edge of Luo Zheng's earlobe, there was a thin line that extended all the way to the top of his head, and then went straight down!
Therefore, that purple spear light, which was not that powerful, almost split Luo Zheng in half from the middle!
From this, it could be seen that if Xuanyuan Chenfeng wanted to kill Luo Zheng, it would not be too difficult.
At this moment, Xuanyuan Chenfeng stepped forward, pointing his long spear at the sky. He did not choose to escape, but to fiercely stab at the sky!
"Break for me!"
"Xiu xiu xiu xiu …"
Spears of Law abruptly shot out.
The purple spear light was like a precise thin line, pointing at the wild thunder.
Even the Heavenly Thunder had its flaws.
When those flaws were hit by the purple spear light, they were like snakes that were hit at their weakest point, breaking, collapsing, and dissipating!