Xuanyuan Chenfeng instantly cleared the wild lightning above his head …
This scene left countless martial artists dumbfounded.
These lightning tribulations could only be resisted by the physical body or channeled into the earth.
However, Xuanyuan Chenfeng used his spear to shatter them. This kind of visual shock was hard to describe. It had already exceeded the common sense of many warriors.
They did not know that even if a ball of fire was ignited, Xuanyuan Chenfeng's Spear of Law would shatter it with a single spear.
As soon as he dealt with Luo Zheng's Thunder Tribulation Annihilation, a gold and grey dual-colored sword light immediately stabbed towards him!
"Hmph!"
Xuanyuan Chenfeng's face revealed a trace of disdain.
Luo Zheng's sword attack was hard for anyone to break, but it did not pose much of a threat to him.
This was because Luo Zheng's sword attack originally had an imperfect flaw.
Just like how Hua Tianming's understanding of the way of the sword was very deep, he could see the flaw of the Gui Yuanyi Divine Sword and use that flaw to cut Luo Zheng's sword light.
And Xuanyuan Chenfeng, through his comprehension of the truth, could see it even more clearly!
Within that gold and grey dual-colored sword light, there was a big vital point. After Xuanyuan Chenfeng took a step forward, the long spear in his hand suddenly flicked, and the purple sword light hit that small point in the middle!
"Pop …"
At this moment, the dual-colored sword light instantly collapsed, turning into a cyclone of sword intent that drilled in all directions like a beautiful firework.
After the sword light dispersed, Xuanyuan Chenfeng's face was cold, and a cold smile hung on the corner of his mouth. He faced Luo Zheng once again. "You think you can defeat me with this little trick?"
Luo Zheng faintly smiled, but shook his head.
Relying on the Thunder Tribulation Annihilation and the Gui Yuanyi Divine Sword to defeat Xuanyuan Chenfeng, he was thinking too lightly.
He only used these methods to observe his opponent.
After Xuanyuan Chenfeng left the stage, that strange feeling lingered in Luo Zheng's heart, and it could not dissipate.
Now, Luo Zheng saw a clue …
This guy's movements looked very casual, but it seemed to follow some kind of rule from beginning to end!
After careful observation, he discovered this rule, which was distance!
Xuanyuan Chenfeng's movement was measured in feet. No matter where he moved from, the final position he stopped at was an integral multiple of feet!
If he moved a step, it would definitely be a distance of three feet. It wouldn't be two feet and nine inches, nor would it be three feet and one inch …
Although Luo Zheng was unable to reach Xuanyuan Chenfeng's level, his eyesight was not far from the mark.
This guy seemed to be strictly abiding by some kind of law!
Seeing through this, Luo Zheng did not mean that he could break Xuanyuan Chenfeng's spear!
Because of the 《Thunder Kill》, Xuanyuan Chenfeng was in such a difficult situation. At this moment, Xuanyuan Chenfeng was no longer in the mood to deal with Luo Zheng!
With a sudden tap of his feet, he charged towards Luo Zheng with the spear in his hand!
"This guy's trajectory is so straight …"
Luo Zheng's eyes flashed slightly. His figure suddenly floated. He faced Xuanyuan Chenfeng and quickly left in a semicircle.
When a martial artist flew in the air, they were erratic. Even if they flew in a straight line, there would be a certain degree of swaying.
However, Xuanyuan Chenfeng's trajectory was a pure straight line without any deviation. Looking at it roughly, there wasn't any problem, but looking at it carefully, it did give people a strange feeling.
Now that Luo Zheng thought about it again, the strange expression on his face became more and more intense.
When he faced Ku Deng, Xuanyuan Chenfeng did not make a move. Instead, he faced Ku Deng with his spear, standing in place and spinning non-stop …
Just now, when this guy faced him, it was the same. He stood in the same position and spun non-stop, never taking the initiative to attack.
The only two times Xuanyuan Chenfeng took the initiative to attack were when he held his spear in a pure straight line. Could it be that this guy could only walk in a straight line?
This answer was somewhat inexplicable. A crab could only walk horizontally, but this guy could only walk vertically. However, Luo Zheng felt that his guess was getting closer and closer to the truth …
So when Luo Zheng circled and dodged, Xuanyuan Chenfeng did not attack. Was it because he couldn't lock onto me? Or was it because this guy's attack required some kind of condition to be realized?
One spear to shatter all things, this kind of method was indeed too terrifying. In theory, this was also a kind of karmic method. It should be realized by relying on the Heavenly Dao.
This kind of method was so powerful, it should have a very powerful restriction.
However, Xuanyuan Chenfeng was a Dao child. The Shinto he cultivated should not be the Heavenly Dao …
As Luo Zheng was thinking, he kept retreating in a zigzag pattern. Xuanyuan Chenfeng's spear was so terrifying, Luo Zheng could not take it head on. However, he did not know if this guy would attack with his spear while he was moving.
Soon, Luo Zheng found that his guess was verified.
Not only could Xuanyuan Chenfeng walk vertically, he could also move horizontally. He was really a crab!
Under this kind of fast horizontal movement, Xuanyuan Chenfeng's spear suddenly pointed at Luo Zheng. A purple spear light as thick as a finger pierced towards Luo Zheng!
The current Xuanyuan Chenfeng already had the intention to kill. He only wanted to get rid of Luo Zheng quickly. He did not hold back at all!
If this spear light hit Luo Zheng's body, it would be enough to completely disintegrate him!
"Whoosh!"
Luo Zheng already had a guess in his heart. His figure once again circled around and moved forward!
According to his guess, this spear light should be very difficult to change its direction. It could only move at a very small angle!
At this moment, Xuanyuan Chenfeng also saw through Luo Zheng's intention. This guy seemed to have seen through something. His face revealed a cold smile. "Childish!"
As Luo Zheng flew in an arc, the purple spear light formed a strange turn. It turned at a 90 degree angle in the air and flew towards Luo Zheng!
"This …"
Luo Zheng also found that he had made a mistake in his judgment.
This spear light indeed could not turn, but it could change direction at a 90 degree angle!
This scene gave Luo Zheng a faint sense of familiarity. He seemed to have seen this thing somewhere before!
The purple spear light turned at a 90 degree angle and continued to chase after Luo Zheng …
As he kept retreating, his eyes suddenly flashed. He remembered!
When Luo Zheng was crossing the heavenly tribulation, an eye appeared. That eye released a black light. That black light moved in a straight line without any curve!
That black light almost had the power to destroy the world!
What was the connection between the two?
No matter what the connection was …
This thing was very dangerous.
He did not believe Xuanyuan Chenfeng's nonsense. He was even more unwilling to lose to this guy!
However, this spear light was still faster than him. No matter how he retreated, the distance between the two was still shrinking.
At the beginning, there was still a distance of ten zhang. After a few breaths, this distance was quickly shortened.
Fifty zhang …
Forty zhang …
Thirty zhang …
"Die." Xuanyuan Chenfeng shook his head slightly. In his eyes, Luo Zheng was already bound to lose.
He did not need to show too much power. This spear of law was enough to completely destroy Luo Zheng. There was no way he could escape.
Luo Zheng sucked in a deep breath of cold air as he retreated at top speed. His heart sank!
It seemed that he really did not have a chance to turn the situation around when facing Xuanyuan Chenfeng.
He was very unwilling to lose to this guy!
At this moment, Luo Zheng's expression was somewhat flustered. However, his eyes flashed. He seemed to have thought of something. He stretched out his hand and the mini Divine Origin Magnetic Mountain spiraled out of his hand! The moment the Divine Origin Magnetic Mountain appeared, it began to expand rapidly. It turned into a hundred zhang tall mountain in front of Luo Zheng!
"Is it useful?"
Xuanyuan Chenfeng sneered. The spear light drilled into the Divine Origin Magnetic Mountain!
He had not seen the Divine Origin Magnetic Mountain in Luo Zheng's hand before. Now that he was sure of victory, he did not pay too much attention to it. A mountain wanting to stop the spear of law was a bit ridiculous …
In the next moment, this mountain should collapse.
"Bang!"
The purple spear light instantly sank into the Divine Origin Magnetic Mountain.
However, the scene that Xuanyuan Chenfeng expected did not happen. The purple spear light only left a white mark on the Divine Origin Magnetic Mountain and then disappeared completely …
He was slightly stunned. He immediately used his comprehension of truth. When he looked again, his expression became even more strange. Such a big mountain actually did not have any flaws?
"This is the Divine Origin Magnetic Mountain!" Xuanyuan Chenfeng finally reacted.
When he was in the Ji Family, he had seen such a Divine Origin Magnetic Mountain!
This Divine Origin Magnetic Mountain's five elements were heterogeneous. It was because the five origin laws were evenly mixed together. When the five elements intertwined, they could make up for each other's flaws.
With Xuanyuan Chenfeng's current comprehension of truth, it was not enough to see through the flaws!
While he was thinking, Luo Zheng's figure quietly appeared on top of the mountain. He looked down at Xuanyuan Chenfeng and seemed to be holding an extremely sharp green light in his hand!