At this moment, the person that was the most shocked wasn't Xuanyuan Chenfeng.
It was Ji Luoxue and the entire Ji Clan …
The Ji Clan's secret technique to extract Origin Magnet Energy was for Ji Luoxue to pass down to Luo Zheng in exchange for Luo Zheng's blood sacrifice technique to refine the Divine Origin Magnet Mountain.
As far as Ji Luoxue was concerned, this was absolutely a worthwhile trade.
But she'd only passed the jade slip that recorded the Ji Clan's secret technique to Luo Zheng not long ago, yet this fellow had already grasped it in such a short period of time?
Wasn't this speed a bit too shocking?
As for the members of the Ji Clan, they were extremely shocked when they saw Luo Zheng had actually refined the Divine Origin Magnet Mountain.
Their Ji Clan had left a Divine Origin Magnet Mountain there for countless years, yet they'd never heard of anyone in the universe being capable of refining this Divine Origin Magnet Mountain that was impervious to everything.
The Ji Clan's ancestor stared at Luo Zheng's Divine Origin Magnet Mountain, then looked at the azure light in Luo Zheng's hand, and then he said indifferently, "Luoxue passed down the secret technique I created to Luo Zheng."
"What!?" The Ji Clan's patriarch's expression changed.
If this secret technique of the Ji Clan was leaked to the outside world, then it was a great crime. Why was Ji Luoxue so muddle-headed? He immediately wanted to absolve Ji Luoxue! Even though Luoxue was the most outstanding genius of the Ji Clan, but if she really passed down such a secret technique, then even the Ji Clan's ancestor would be able to forgive her …
The Ji Clan's ancestor shook his head, and then he continued. "Luoxue is extremely intelligent. Since she was willing to pass this secret technique to Luo Zheng, then she naturally had her reasons."
As he spoke, the Ji Clan's ancestor continued to stare at the Divine Origin Magnet Mountain beneath Luo Zheng, and he revealed an expression of seeming to have comprehended something.
The Ji Clan's patriarch's mind spun extremely swiftly, and he naturally understood when he heard the Ji Clan's ancestor …
It was impossible for Luoxue to casually pass down this secret technique to the outside world.
Not to mention that Divine Origin Magnet Mountains were extremely rare in the universe, and there were only a little over 10 in the entire universe. If an ordinary person wanted to cultivate this secret technique, then it was practically impossible without a Divine Origin Magnet Mountain.
Luo Zheng refined the Divine Origin magnet Mountain, whereas Luoxue passed the secret technique to him …
The greatest possibility was that Luoxue and Luo Zheng Luo Zheng had completed an exchange!
The Laws within the Divine Origin Magnetic Mountain were chaotic and complicated, and nothing could invade it. Exactly what sort of method was used to refine it? If Ji Luoxue was really willing to exchange for this method, it would definitely be a gain for the Ji Clan …
"However, this Luo Zheng is indeed an incomparable genius. He was able to refine the magnetic force in such a short time. Haha, I'm afraid that the little nephew of the Xuanyuan Family is in trouble. He can see through the laws of all things, but I'm afraid he can't see through the magnetic force …" The Ji Family Head said indifferently.
As he said, when Xuanyuan Chenfeng saw the magnetic force in Luo Zheng's hand, he frowned.
After he comprehended the Universal Truth Divine Dao, the Original Sin Heavenly Lord had told him that the Universal Truth Divine Dao was the law that created the rules. It also had the power to destroy the rules. However, the Five Elements Divine Dao cultivated by the girl from the Ji Family next door happened to counter it.
It was because the Divine Daos of the Five Elements were inseparable. If he encountered an opponent of the same level who cultivated the Divine Daos of the Five Elements, he would probably not be able to see through the flaws.
At this moment, in Xuanyuan Chenfeng's eyes, the Divine Origin Magnetic Mountain was a whole, and it presented a bright white spot of light. The magnetic force in Luo Zheng's hand was also the same. There were no flaws at all.
"This guy, how could he have the Ji Family's method?" Clenching his teeth, his gaze shifted and fell on Ji Luoxue.
When Ji Luoxue saw Xuanyuan Chenfeng's gaze shift over, she waved her hand and revealed a helpless expression.
She did not expect that Luo Zheng would be able to enter the final battle and face Xuanyuan Chenfeng face to face. If she had known earlier, she would have considered it. After the Illusory Battlefield ended, she would have made the exchange with Luo Zheng …
During this process, Luo Zheng made his move.
Xuanyuan Chenfeng's spear light seemed to be able to destroy all things. Although Luo Zheng had a slight advantage with the Lightning Kill, it was still easily broken by Xuanyuan Chenfeng.
Since the Divine Origin Magnetic Mountain could restrain Xuanyuan Chenfeng, it was time for Luo Zheng to start his counterattack.
Luo Zheng could be seen doing a backflip on the mountain peak. After floating in the air, the Divine Origin Magnetic Mountain began to slide along the Heaven and Earth Chessboard for a distance. Following which, the huge mountain shot forward and directly pressed down on Xuanyuan Chenfeng.
"Huff, huff, huff …"
If it was an ordinary mountain, it would be fine. However, for a mountain of this size, Xuanyuan Chenfeng's spear could break ten of them.
However, this Divine Origin Magnetic Mountain did not have any flaws. Facing this Divine Origin Magnetic Mountain, he could only run.
Wind could be seen under his feet. Following a series of afterimages, his entire body disappeared from where he was standing.
"Rumble …"
With a loud sound, the center of the Heaven and Earth Chessboard was directly crushed.
Xuanyuan Chenfeng avoided this pressure and appeared on the other side of the Divine Origin Magnetic Mountain.
"He's out! Heh! "
The mass of green light in Luo Zheng's hand had already condensed for a long time. The moment Xuanyuan Chenfeng appeared, he suddenly waved his hand. That mass of green light turned into a thin line and shot straight towards Xuanyuan Chenfeng.
This magnetic force was originally incomparably sharp. This time, it was also extremely fast. It was like an invisible sword light, piercing straight towards Xuanyuan Chenfeng.
Xuanyuan Chenfeng had just stabilized himself when a sense of crisis arose spontaneously. He suddenly rolled to the side.
"Puff!"
That extremely sharp magnetic force pierced through his cheek. For a moment, blood splattered everywhere, leaving a shocking bloody scar on his face.
Luo Zheng's expression did not change in the slightest.
If Xuanyuan Chenfeng wanted to reverse the situation, a single spear would be enough. He simply could not block such a terrifying spear. He could only firmly suppress Xuanyuan Chenfeng.
With a thought, the Divine Origin Magnetic Mountain behind him immediately rolled. He stood on top of the Divine Origin Magnetic Mountain and fiercely smashed it towards Xuanyuan Chenfeng.
During this process, Luo Zheng did not forget to extract the magnetic force.
However, Xuanyuan Chenfeng, who had suffered once, would definitely not make the same mistake a second time.
This time, he faced the Divine Origin Magnetic Mountain head-on. Like a lithe bat, before the Divine Origin Magnetic Mountain smashed onto the chessboard, he rushed over from the other side of the Divine Origin Magnetic Mountain and directly circled above it.
After confirming Luo Zheng's position on the mountain, his eyes suddenly flashed with a sharp light. He straightened his spear and directly rushed towards Luo Zheng.
Xuanyuan Chenfeng never thought that he would suffer such a big loss from Luo Zheng. At this moment, he could be considered to have thrown caution to the wind.
The purple light at the tip of his red tasseled spear was extremely bright.
"Spear of Law! Three Clear Void Transformation! "
"Whoosh whoosh whoosh …"
The illusory purple spears were like three long snakes as they shot out in all directions. The illusory purple spears were like snakes that crawled from the wall to the ground. They showed a ninety-degree angle as they shot towards Luo Zheng from three different directions.
If any of the purple spears hit Luo Zheng, they would definitely be able to find a flaw and directly shatter Luo Zheng.
As long as he had a chance, he would be able to win everything. This was the method of the Divine Dao of Truth.
Xuanyuan Chenfeng and his three spear shadows quickly enlarged in Luo Zheng's eyes. At this moment, Luo Zheng's figure did not stop at all. He naturally knew how powerful these purple spears were.
"Huff …"
He followed the Divine Origin Magnetic Mountain and flew upwards. The three purple spears followed closely behind.
The two of them, one in front and one behind, followed the mountain and continuously circled around. It could be said that it was too much for the eyes to take in …
"Who has the advantage in the end?"
"It's hard to say. Luo Zheng seems to be afraid of Xuanyuan Chenfeng's spear technique, but his mountain doesn't seem to be afraid."
"I can't see their figures clearly …"
In this chase, the first purple spear used the shortest path to intercept Luo Zheng.
Facing the purple spear, the cyan magnetic force in Luo Zheng's hand suddenly changed. It turned into a palm-sized crystal shield, blocking in front of Luo Zheng. He used this layer of cyan light shield to directly collide with the spear.
Xuanyuan Chenfeng, who was behind him, saw that Luo Zheng did not dodge. His face immediately revealed a hint of joy. This guy is courting death …
Just as this thought emerged, he saw Luo Zheng smash the purple spear shadows. His face suddenly changed. How is this possible?!
This scene directly made Xuanyuan Chenfeng's heart hesitate. Even his invincible confidence was shaken. Luo Zheng actually used his physical body to resist his Spear of Law? Then what was the point of fighting …
However, when Luo Zheng turned around, he saw a small cyan crystal shield in Luo Zheng's hand. He couldn't help but curse in his heart. This guy was really his nemesis.
＝＝＝＝＝