The Ancestor had put the Heavenly Dao Fragment into Xuanyuan Chenfeng's body for another purpose.
If he used it now, it would ruin his plan.
After Xuanyuan Chenfeng woke up, the anger in his eyes gradually dissipated. His state of mind gradually calmed down.
Losing this battle didn't mean that he had lost everything. A little impatience spoiled great plans …
He still had a brighter future!
Thinking of this, he pinched the Heavenly Dao Fragment in his hand. When he opened his hand, the fragment had disappeared.
"I lost …"
He was extremely reluctant to say these words, and it was almost as if he had to grit his teeth to speak.
Ever since he was young, this sentence had almost never been heard by him. However, facing Luo Zheng, it was inevitable.
The first place of the Illusory Battlefield was born.
Actually, from the looks of the board, the first place should belong to Xuanyuan Chenfeng. It was as if the Heavenly Dao had guided him to become the main character of this great creation.
Luo Zheng became the biggest variable, forcibly cutting off Xuanyuan Chenfeng's fate.
Luo Zheng smiled slightly, stepped on his chess piece, and returned to the air. He threw the broken sword at Dugu Jian Xiaoxiao, who was not far away. A white light flashed, and his figure disappeared from the chess piece …
In the scroll, there were only nine people left.
The top five and the bottom five still had to be arranged.
Hua Tianming and Xuanyuan Chenfeng still had a battle. Qing Yu and Ku Deng still had one more battle. Then, it was Ji Luoxue and Lie Qianhan's turn …
These had nothing to do with Luo Zheng.
"Hey!" Seeing Luo Zheng disappear, Xi Youqin showed an angry expression. How could he disappear so quickly …
Luo Zheng kept moving through the white clouds. These thick clouds were very strange, almost completely blocking Luo Zheng's vision.
After entering the Illusory Battlefield, Luo Zheng had been thinking about what kind of place this Illusory Battlefield was.
Since it was the fifty great worlds built by the Heavenly Dao, was this within the Heavenly Dao, or was it just an illusion?
A huge black shadow streaked across the clouds, followed by a second one, a third one …
"What's that?"
As he continued to travel, he passed through the clouds and fog. Finally, those black shadows appeared in Luo Zheng's line of sight.
Those black shadows were green mountains that were arranged neatly. These mountains looked almost identical in appearance, as if they were clones of the same mountain.
At the top of the mountain, there were circular stone pillars. The architectural style was very similar to the Karma Hall that Luo Zheng had seen before.
"You … can take one of them first." The mysterious girl's voice rang in Luo Zheng's ears.
When this woman spoke to everyone, her tone was extremely cold, as if she was a statue, giving people a stiff feeling.
But communicating with Luo Zheng alone was very cheerful and casual.
"Divine Spark Plate …"
When Luo Zheng approached one of the mountains, he found a milky white disc floating among the huge stone pillars.
Was this what the Great Era was fighting for?
Luo Zheng's eyes flickered. If the Divine Spark Plate could hold a Godhead, why didn't those Celestial Venerables allow it?
His figure floated lightly and arrived in front of the disc. After carefully examining it, Luo Zheng couldn't help but let out a cry of surprise.
This Divine Spark Plate looked like an ordinary plate. He didn't know what material it was made of, but it seemed to contain an extremely stable power …
The most important thing was that in Luo Zheng's Deity Sea, the thing condensed from the chaotic aura was almost exactly the same as this Divine Spark Plate!
This was indeed very strange!
Could it be that the chaotic aura temporarily acted as the Divine Spark Plate?
Or …
That faintly discernible cross-shaped crystal was actually a Godhead?
He couldn't find an answer after pondering for a while. Then, the mysterious girl's lively voice sounded in his ears again.
"What are you standing there for? You can take away this Divine Spark Plate now! "
Luo Zheng nodded and reached out to touch it. The milky white Divine Spark Plate began to slowly spin, and in front of Luo Zheng's eyes, it became smaller and smaller. In the end, it turned into a thumb-sized ring and instantly entered Luo Zheng's Dantian.
Looking inside, Luo Zheng saw the Divine Spark Plate slowly floating in his inner world.
Now, in Luo Zheng's inner world, besides the World Tree, there was another Divine Spark Plate …
"You got first place. Do you have any other questions for me? I'll make an exception and let you ask three questions, "the mysterious girl asked with a smile.
Luo Zheng thought for a moment, "Is there any news about Luo Yan?"
"…"
Luo Zheng had asked this question countless times over the past few years. She had heard it so many times that her ears were calloused.
"Can you change the question?" the mysterious girl asked again.
Luo Zheng shrugged his shoulders. There was no other way. This was the question he was most concerned about …
Hearing the slight displeasure in the mysterious girl's voice, Luo Zheng could only add, "What's your name … or rather, who are you?"
Faced with this question, the mysterious girl was silent for a few breaths. She seemed to be hesitating whether to tell him her name or not, but in the end, she said it.
"My name is Jiang Yu 'er. Next question …"
"Jiang Yu 'er, is there any news about Luo Yan?" Luo Zheng continued to ask.
"…"
This guy's story was very vivid, but in reality, his character was very dry. He kept asking the same question over and over again. The mysterious girl was a little conflicted and fell silent again.
Because of Jiang Yu 'er's silence, Luo Zheng's eyes lit up with hope.
"You know about her. According to our agreement, you should tell me," Luo Zheng continued.
Jiang Yu 'er sighed faintly, "Actually, telling you isn't a good thing …"
In the beginning, Jiang Yu 'er didn't think that finding Luo Yan was a very difficult thing.
Later, she found out that Luo Yan was involved in a lot of things. Those guys were simply a bunch of lunatics. To Luo Zheng, this was not a good thing.
Luo Zheng obviously knew what was going on. He said firmly, "But I have to know."
"I can only tell you that Luo Yan is indeed in the divine territory." Jiang Yu 'er finally revealed this information.
Hearing her words, a faint smile appeared on Luo Zheng's face. "Thank you."
He had never met this girl. The only communication they had was to roar and tell her some stories.
This information alone was far from enough for Luo Zheng!
How was Luo Yan doing recently? Where was she in the divine territory …
But for the current Luo Zheng, this was enough …
The divine territory was still an unreachable place for Luo Zheng. If he wanted to touch it, he still had to step over the Heavenly Dao.
Even if he became the champion of the Dream War now, it was probably not an easy thing to do.
If he won first place, in addition to the Divine Spark Plate that he already had, he would also receive another reward for being in the top three, which was an extreme change in fate and an imperial title …
In other words, Jiang Yu 'er had helped Luo Zheng modify his luck in the universe.
If Luo Zheng's luck increased, it would be of great help to many probabilistic things. For example, it would be easier to attract the stars and so on.
Luo Zheng's providence had been very good to begin with, but when he had devoured the Fortune-Destroying Bamboo Snakes, his providence had reached its peak. However, it had only lasted for an extremely short period of time. At that time, Luo Zheng hadn't taken advantage of this opportunity. With his providence at its peak, cultivating the Stellar Combat Body would have been extremely easy.
His current luck was naturally not as heaven-defying as when he swallowed the Luck Destroying Bamboo Snakes.
However, it was not easy to modify one's luck. This was the ability of the Heavenly Dao, right?
This Jiang Yu 'er was probably the controller of this Heavenly Dao. However, it was not clear what role she played in the Heavenly Dao. She did not seem to casually interfere with the various changes in the Heavenly Dao …
After waiting for a long time on this mountain.
Luo Zheng saw the second person appear from the thick white fog.
That person was tall and straight, with a heroic face. It was Hua Tianming.
The winner could enter the fog and carry the Divine Spark Plate first. Did that mean that Hua Tianming had also defeated Xuanyuan Chenfeng?
Next was Xuanyuan Chenfeng. His handsome face was full of malice. He had only gotten third place, so he must be very disappointed in his heart …
Qing Yu was fourth, and Ku Deng was fifth.
Xi Youqin, on the other hand, was ranked tenth...
Actually, in terms of strength, Xi Youqin's ranking should be higher.
However, after she entered the top ten, she admitted defeat all the way, so her final result was naturally the lowest.