The Illusory Battlefield came to an end …
The picture scroll that appeared in the entire universe slowly closed up and dissipated in front of everyone.
When Luo Zheng opened his eyes again, he felt as if he had been cut off from a lifetime ago.
In fact, the entire Illusory Battlefield lasted for less than three months, but there were too many battles. Every battle was a tempering and would leave behind new insights for the warriors …
At this moment, the entire universe was changing.
The first to change was the Universal Myriad Spirit Stele.
After some geniuses passed the Karma Hall, they chose to copy the Supreme Artifact in their hands. As a result, the ranking on the Myriad Spirit Stele underwent a drastic change.
Originally, there were only 3,000 Supreme Artifacts. Now, there were more than 1,000. Obviously, these Supreme Artifacts were all copied through the Karma Hall …
When the light that shone on Luo Zheng's body dissipated, three colored light spots appeared around him. These light spots were like countless little fairies, flying toward Luo Zheng's body.
After absorbing these light spots, Luo Zheng's aura became stronger. This was the strengthening reward from the second stage of the Illusory Battlefield.
"You're back!"
From the inner court, a graceful figure walked out. It was Mu Mingxue with a faint smile on her face!
After the first stage ended, she left the Illusory Battlefield and waited here for a long time.
Luo Zheng nodded and smiled at her.
Then, he turned his head in another direction. "Why do you like to hide and seek?"
As his voice fell, a slender figure floated out from the other side. Xun was Luo Zheng's Sword Spirit, so Luo Zheng could naturally sense her position.
It was different from Xun a few months ago.
At this moment, Xun's face had a trace of melancholy. She looked depressed and even sick. This kind of expression was rarely seen on Xun's face. She had changed from an extremely strong woman to this. Xun's expression made her look even more charming. At a glance, it made people's hearts beat faster.
"What's your ranking?" Xun asked faintly.
Mu Mingxue was also very concerned about this question. She also looked at Luo Zheng with great concern.
Luo Zheng had just returned, so he must have entered the second stage. She couldn't see the picture scroll here. Mu Mingxue only knew that there were two stages in the Illusory Battlefield, but she didn't know that there was a competition on the Heaven and Earth Chessboard.
"Guess?" Luo Zheng smiled.
Mu Mingxue's eyes blinked.................
After Mu Mingxue entered the Illusory Battlefield, she finally saw the experts of the universe. They were all in the Divine Sea Realm, but there was such a huge gap between them. Any one of the experts in the main cities could fight against an Ultimate Divine Realm expert, and these people weren't really considered strong in the Illusory Battlefield …
........................
... of................................
"How many ranks?" Maori asked again.
....... Seeing Xun's change, Luo Zheng felt strange. It was only a few months. It seemed her temperament had changed a lot.
He answered, "Number one."
"Number one! Luo Zheng, you … you … "Mu Mingxue was astonished.
Luo Zheng was indeed a powerful being in Mu Mingxue's mind. But to be number one among hundreds of millions of Spirit Sea Realm warriors, this result was far beyond Mu Mingxue's imagination!
Xun smiled faintly. She was very satisfied with Luo Zheng's answer. Her expression gradually relaxed. She wanted to congratulate Luo Zheng, but she couldn't find the right words to say …
Unexpectedly, Luo Zheng's figure suddenly flashed and appeared in front of her. The distance between the two faces was extremely close.
Luo Zheng stared at Xun seriously. "You don't seem to be in a good mood."
From the beginning, Luo Zheng felt strange about Xun …
Xun had the body of a sword spirit and was not sick. What was going on with her sickly face?
Seeing Luo Zheng's face not far from her, Xun couldn't help but step back. She shook her head and said, "Nothing …"
Luo Zheng smiled mysteriously. "Right, I have a gift for you!"
"A gift?" Xun was stunned. She thought, "This Illusory Battlefield is just a world of reflections. What can Luo Zheng bring out from it?"
Of course, she didn't know that many people in the universe were staring at the changes on the Myriad Spirit Stele. They were paying close attention to the ranking of the supreme artifacts. After the Illusory Battlefield, the number of supreme artifacts increased to more than 4,000. Many first-grade divine artifacts were squeezed out of the Myriad Spirit Stele.
Luo Zheng tapped his Sumeru Ring. Two cold lights came out of the ring.
Seeing the two cold glints, Xi Youqin frowned slightly. When the tip of the double-pointed spear was completely out, Smoky's little mouth opened wide!
"Holy Spear! You … "
Xun didn't expect that the gift Luo Zheng said he would give her would be such a gift. It was the Holy Spear of Slaughter!
She was surprised, but she couldn't figure out where Luo Zheng got the Holy Spear of Slaughter!
This Holy Spear of Slaughter should have been taken by Yao …
Did he go to the Yao Ye Clan? Did he take the Holy Spear of Slaughter from under Yao's nose?
That was impossible!
Xun took the Holy Spear from Luo Zheng's hand. The Holy Spear of Slaughter suddenly started to ring.
When Luo Zheng got the Holy Spear of Slaughter, it didn't cause such a resonance. After all, Xun was the rightful owner of this spear …
"Whoosh!"
Xun shook slightly. A huge spear shadow condensed.
One Thought Without Turning …
The solidification of that spear shadow was likely ten times stronger than Luo Zheng's display!
Holding the Holy Spear, Xun's expression became more cheerful. She turned her head and asked curiously, "How did you bring the Holy Spear back?"
Luo Zheng knew that Xun was full of doubts, so he briefly explained the reason.
This spear was naturally obtained from Ming Dao. When he mentioned Ming Dao, Luo Zheng couldn't help but mention the Phantom and the Holy Spear Sect's situation.
Hearing this, Xun's expression suddenly became gloomy. She didn't expect the Holy Spear Sect's situation to be so bad.
"In other words, this spear is actually a replica!" Xun said.
Luo Zheng nodded his head …
"Swish!"
The spear shadow was shot out by Xun …
Strands of killing intent seeped out from Xun's body. "I will return all of this to Yaoyao in double!"
Luo Zheng nodded his head, "Give me some time. I believe it won't take too long …"
Looking at Xun's murderous and almost perfect face, Luo Zheng knew that the familiar Xun had returned.
Unfortunately, this state didn't last long.
Not long after, Xun returned to her gloomy state. She silently floated behind Luo Zheng, maintaining a certain distance from him all the time.
Luo Zheng was puzzled, but he didn't dare to ask directly.
After returning, he communicated with Qinglong in his mind about what he had seen and heard in the Illusory Battlefield, as well as many doubts and so on.
"Xun … What's wrong?"
After some communication, Luo Zheng mentioned Xun. He couldn't figure out what had happened while he was away from the Holy Realm Dwellers' Mansion.
Although Qinglong was dormant in Luo Zheng's body, after Luo Zheng entered the Illusory Battlefield, he was blocked outside and couldn't communicate. During this time, he could only cultivate and recuperate in Luo Zheng's mind. However, Qinglong could naturally observe the movements outside Luo Zheng's body.
Hearing Luo Zheng's question, Qinglong just smiled and didn't answer, which made Luo Zheng even more confused …
After so many life-and-death experiences in the Illusory Battlefield, countless Divine Sea Realm warriors had accumulated cultivation and used this opportunity to break through their bottlenecks!
Countless Divine Sea Realm warriors in the universe chose to go into seclusion at this moment, and Luo Zheng was no exception!
In a few short days, major tribulation after major tribulation filled countless great realms.
Nearly 30% of the Divine Sea Realm warriors stepped into the Extreme Divine Realm in this period of time. This kind of scene was impossible to happen in the past …
Luo Zheng's seclusion took a total of 13 days.
Several sector lords from the Yao Night Clan and the Demon Clan still kept their distance and guarded outside the Holy Realm Dwellers' Mansion.
After 13 days, a giant Tribulation Cloud quietly formed in the sky!
A sector lord stared at the Tribulation Cloud with surprise in his eyes, "This is the Star Fall Tribulation …"
"It's Luo Zheng that kid who broke through!"
"It should be …"
"We should leave too …"
Since Luo Zheng had won first place in the Illusory Battlefield, he was destined to be the main character of this Battle of the Worlds. His fate was related to the rise and fall of the universe.
Any race would extend an olive branch to him, so there was no point for these sector lords to stay here.
＝＝＝＝＝