This major Heavenly Tribulation was also a test for Luo Zheng.
It started with the Great Meteor Tribulation, then the Three Thousand Crimson Fire Tribulation, then the Mental Demon Tribulation …
After a series of tests, a bolt of Heavenly Tribulation finally descended.
Luo Zheng was very familiar with Heavenly Tribulation. The Heavenly Tribulation Annihilation he cultivated could directly trigger Heavenly Tribulation.
However, this Heavenly Tribulation Lightning was very special. It was a green Heavenly Tribulation Lightning!
Luo Zheng was unable to dodge this Heavenly Tribulation Lightning. He couldn't even touch it. It directly struck Luo Zheng's dantian and fell into his inner world!
The moment the Heavenly Tribulation Lightning struck his dantian, a tearing pain immediately spread throughout Luo Zheng's body.
However, most of the Heavenly Tribulation Lightning was absorbed by the World Tree …
Under the baptism of the green Heavenly Tribulation Lightning, the World Tree actually began to grow vigorously. At the same time, the Sea of Chaos also began to spin wildly, forming raging waves within Luo Zheng's body!
At this moment, Luo Zheng's soul also underwent a strange change.
He felt as if he had fallen into Chaos …
Everything around him was gray and hazy, and he was constantly tumbling and rolling in this chaotic space …
After an unknown period of time, this tumbling finally slowed down. He seemed to have been pushed onto a piece of land. The moment he opened his eyes, he saw the huge World Tree!
And at the foot of the World Tree, there was an island!
Luo Zheng's eyes suddenly lit up …
The entire Sea of Chaos began to solidify!
The Sea of Chaos in his inner world was originally like a boundless sea. At this moment, a piece of land had appeared along the World Tree.
This piece of land wasn't large. It was only a small island …
Luo Zheng had seen this scene before.
Back when he entered Feng Nianyun's body, it was an island.
However, the size of that island was much larger than Luo Zheng's. Moreover, it had already given birth to low shrubs and many forests. There was even a relatively primitive tribe!
"I've already broken through to the Paramount Divine Realm …"
Although Luo Zheng was still in a very mysterious state, the scene in front of him made him understand that he had already broken through the Divine Sea Realm and stepped into the Extreme Divine Realm. That was why there was that green lightning tribulation!
It was this lightning tribulation that was filled with the energy of life that had given life to the entire Chaotic Ocean!
Here, Luo Zheng saw the evolution of time, the embryonic form of the world, and the evolution of life.
"Huala …"
Waves surged out of the brown ocean, rolling towards the small island.
Every time a wave swept over, a portion of the Chaotic Qi would condense on the island, and during this process, the island would constantly expand …
If one were to carefully observe the Primal Chaos Ocean, one would be able to see some black floating things mixed within.
After some floating monsters were washed onto the brown island, they drilled into the "soil" of the island. This soil was also formed by the chaotic gas. Soon after, the surface of the island turned sporadic green, and in the end, it became a piece of slippery moss!
Only when the evolution of life reached this point did it slow down.
Regardless of whether it was the plankton or the moss, they were the most primitive forms of life.
If one wanted to reproduce all kinds of life forms, or even humans, they would need enough time.
Feng Nianyun had spent a hundred thousand years, and only managed to evolve a primitive tribe. How long would it take for him to evolve humans?
…
Outside the Divine Realm …
In the endless Primal Chaos.
This was a forbidden land even for True Gods.
Only an extremely small number of mighty figures could travel through the Primal Chaos …
In ancient times, there were mighty figures who had once traveled a distance of a million fathoms into the Primal Chaos (one fathom was equivalent to a million miles), but the depths of the Primal Chaos were still the Primal Chaos.
Where the end was, no one knew …
At this moment, somewhere in the Primal Chaos, a small sphere spread out …
The sphere was like a bubble, rapidly expanding!
However, after expanding to a certain extent, it stopped, as if it was waiting for the next expansion.
If a mighty figure were to see this scene, they would be so shocked that they would be speechless. The bubble contained a World Tree, forming a world of its own!
Ever since the Axe of Good Fortune split open the heavens, the construction of all worlds revolved around the Divine Realm!
No one had ever been able to create a world of their own in the Primal Chaos!
The world in front of him was extremely small, so small that it was almost negligible to the Divine Realm.
However, this small world was still slowly expanding and contracting. It was unknown how much it would grow.
The vastness of the Primal Chaos was beyond imagination. Even those mighty figures would not be able to notice this small world …
…
When Luo Zheng observed to a certain extent, he suddenly opened his eyes, and a trace of joy appeared on his face.
After stepping into the pinnacle divine realm, Luo Zheng's cultivation had undergone a qualitative improvement!
Finally, his gaze fell on the lotus flower above his head. The slowly rotating lotus flower had 35 lotus leaves, but the last leaf still had not opened. He had not become a Daoist.
Looking at the lotus flower, Luo Zheng fell into deep thought …
"It seems that I still have to make a trip to the Sword Manor," he said indifferently.
His lotus flower was not complete, and it should have a lot to do with the Emotion Severing Divine Dao. Chen Huang Yijian had once told Luo Zheng that he still had a flaw that he had not comprehended. And this flaw could not rely on himself. The key was still in the Sword Manor!
That was why Chen Huang Yijian had inserted a sword talisman into Luo Zheng's arm.
Luo Zheng's movements now left him with three choices.
One was the Northern Twilight Star. At that time, the secret left behind by the massacre was on the Northern Twilight Star.
The second was that Luo Zheng most likely had to make a trip to the Demi-Immortal Tribe. In front of the Illusory Battlefield, those Sector Lords had blocked the immortal mansion, so Luo Zheng could not go to the Demi-Immortal Tribe.
Now, Luo Zheng had a third destination, which was the Sword Manor …
Thinking of this, he told Xun about his plan.
Xun's mood did not seem to improve. She still had that sickly look, without that valiant aura. She looked delicate and charming, making people feel pity for her.
Regarding this situation, Luo Zheng asked about it two or three times out of concern. But every time, Xun perfunctorily brushed him off. She was also indifferent to Luo Zheng, which made Luo Zheng very confused.
"These three places are extremely far from each other. Even if the immortal mansion flies, it will take decades to go back and forth between the two places …" Xun said. She thought for a while, then threw out a baffling sentence. "The future matters will be up to you to decide!"
"Phew …"
Xun suddenly dissipated in front of Luo Zheng, turning into wisps of sword spirit and entering Luo Zheng's body.
"This …" Luo Zheng's face was full of confusion.
Not far away, Mu Mingxue saw this scene, and a strange smile appeared on her face.
Although Xun was cold, Mu Mingxue had stayed in the immortal mansion for several years. As the saying goes, a bystander sees more clearly. She understood Xun's thoughts.
However, Xun had always been by Luo Zheng's side, so Mu Mingxue could not say it in front of him …
After thinking for a while, Luo Zheng made a decision. He did not forget that this time, he brought another item out of the Illusory Battlefield.
Thus, Luo Zheng flipped his hand, and a small token appeared in his hand …
"What is this?" Mu Mingxue asked curiously.
Luo Zheng smiled. "This is a Teleportation Token …"
In the Illusory Battlefield, the Teleportation Token could allow Luo Zheng to move back and forth in a large world. Therefore, Luo Zheng thought of copying this Teleportation Token.