Teleportation was the only way to move long distances in the universe.
One needed to have a deep understanding of the law of space and be a sector lord to be able to teleport. The level of one's cultivation also seemed to determine the distance one could teleport.
When the celestial venerables wanted to capture Luo Zheng, it only took them a day or two to gather.
As for the sector lords behind them, they had to wait for a long time before they could catch up.
Mu Mingxue rested her chin on her hands. She didn't understand, but she didn't ask. She just silently watched Luo Zheng's every move.
Luo Zheng wasn't too sure if he could use the token in the universe …
With the infusion of Chaotic Qi, the Teleportation Medallion suddenly emitted a faint white glow.
"Hum …"
With a soft cry, the space around Luo Zheng seemed to shake!
"It worked?"
Luo Zheng's eyes flashed.
But the space kept shaking, as if some monster was trying to tear it apart. At the same time, there were muffled sounds like firecrackers exploding underwater.
"Pop pop pop pop pop …"
Mu Mingxue took a few steps back, feeling more and more puzzled. Was Luo Zheng going to summon a monster?
In the end, the series of muffled noises gradually subsided …
"It failed? That shouldn't be … "Luo Zheng frowned. If the token didn't work, there wouldn't have been such a commotion.
But he really didn't feel any ripples of the law of space …
At this moment, a figure flew over. It was Afo.
Afo was puzzled by Luo Zheng's actions, "Luo Zheng … you're planning to teleport here?"
"How do you know?" Luo Zheng asked.
Fu laughed involuntarily, "In this place, it's impossible to use Spatial Transference!"
This time, Luo Zheng was puzzled. "Why?"
Afo pointed to the sky, where a barrier covered the entire immortal residence.
In fact, this immortal abode wasn't located in the universe, but in that huge world. It was just an illusion created by a node created by Luo Zheng using the Gen Token.
Fu then told Luo Zheng that even a True God wouldn't be able to teleport in this immortal estate, let alone him. They would have to walk on foot.
"It's that powerful?" Luo Zheng was surprised.
When Luo Zheng first met the white tiger, he already felt that this forest was strange, but he didn't expect it to be so evil.
"Where is this place?" Luo Zheng asked again.
Afo only smiled, but didn't tell Luo Zheng the answer. He only said that Luo Zheng would know when the time came.
Luo Zheng didn't ask anymore. Afo only revealed limited information to Luo Zheng. He wouldn't say anything that Luo Zheng shouldn't know. Sometimes, Luo Zheng even suspected that this guy was a pure puppet …
In that case, Luo Zheng couldn't teleport here. He could only leave the immortal residence and try again in the universe.
Just from the commotion just now, Luo Zheng guessed that the teleportation token was effective.
He was seventy to eighty percent sure. He used the immortal residence to observe the situation outside.
Those Sector Lords seemed to have been summoned back by their respective races. However, he still had to be on guard. He had indeed obtained the title of Fantasy Battlefield's champion. Fate might be on his side, but it wasn't an absolute protective talisman.
If Yao arranged for a sector lord to hide, it would only take an instant to kill him.
Even if Luo Zheng stepped into the Extreme God realm and had a qualitative increase in his cultivation, he still didn't have a good way to deal with a sector lord. Unless he reached the Divine Transformation realm in his inner world, he might still have the strength to fight a sector lord. Even if he couldn't win, he might still have the strength to protect himself.
Being careful, Luo Zheng had Afo fly the immortal residence for a few more days. He even turned into a grain of sand and pierced through a star.
After leaving the star, Luo Zheng immediately left the immortal residence. Mu Mingxue originally wanted to follow Luo Zheng out, but Luo Zheng refused.
The moment he left the immortal residence, Luo Zheng activated the teleportation token in his hand.
The instant he activated the Teleportation Token, the violent spatial fluctuations were like a tornado, wrapping him up within!
"Weng …"
In that instant, the Teleportation Token seemed to have formed a connection with the entire universe!
And Luo Zheng once again fell into a space …
What appeared in front of Luo Zheng was a majestic scene. The stars in the sky seemed to be condensed together, densely packed together like dazzling grains of sand. And below these grains of sand were pieces of circular plates …
Luo Zheng's eyes flickered, his expression was somewhat excited.
He could already see that each circular plate was a great world. This was a miniature version of the entire universe!
The teleportation token could actually do such a thing. Its ability was almost beyond Luo Zheng's imagination.
In addition to these circular plates, there were thin lines below each of them. Since there were a hundred thousand of these circular plates, they represented a hundred thousand great worlds. And these lines extended from the bottom of the circular plates all the way to the very bottom!
"That's a great world!" Luo Zheng's eyes flickered incessantly. These lines were tangled and complicated, they should represent various ascension passages.
The entire universe had shrunk countless times and appeared in front of him. At a glance, it was indeed shocking enough.
When Luo Zheng had ascended and used his consciousness to travel among the stars, he had used this to look down on millions of great worlds. But at that time, Luo Zheng could not see the whole picture. The worlds that extended to extremely far places were covered in endless darkness.
Even now, Luo Zheng could not see clearly. He could only see that under the extension of this great world, it was divided into three sections by the dark fog. In other words, there were more than a million great worlds. The 'million great worlds' should be just an imaginary number.
Among these great worlds, there were many lines that did not extend in the direction of the Upper Realm. They seemed to extend to other places. Soon, Luo Zheng understood that those places should be the True Dragon Realm, the True Phoenix Realm, and other independent realms …
After understanding this, Luo Zheng stared at those rhombus-shaped great worlds. These three sections of the great worlds seemed to be the back of some kind of Ferocious Beast! These rhombus-shaped great worlds were the scales of some kind of Ferocious Beast.
Was it really a Ferocious Beast? Did such a huge Ferocious Beast really exist in this world?
At this stage, Luo Zheng did not understand the mystery. With the help of this Teleportation Token, Luo Zheng seemed to be able to easily choose his own location. After confirming it, he floated toward one of the discs.
"Using the Teleportation Token so soon …"
Hidden among the layers of auspicious clouds, the mysterious girl named Jiang Yu 'er revealed a faint smile. Luo Zheng naturally did not know that this Teleportation Token was so overbearing. It was all her means. Even a Celestial Master could only teleport forward again and again. Moreover, it was not easy to control the direction of long-distance teleportation. If one was not careful, they would be teleported to an inexplicable place.
If one wanted to reach a destination, he would have to teleport dozens or even hundreds of times. Something as convenient as the Teleportation Token had never appeared in the universe before.
Accompanied by a fierce flash of light, Luo Zheng appeared from nothingness.
The moment he appeared, Luo Zheng almost missed his step. He hurriedly operated his Dantian and floated up …
At this moment, he was high up in the sky. In front of him was a vast plain.
"White Sun Realm, an independent realm …"
There were not many independent realms in the universe. All the independent realms belonged to those big forces.
The White Sun Realm belonged to the independent warriors. It could be regarded as a place where countless independent warriors yearned for. This was because the famous "Sword Manor" was located in this independent realm.
Independent warriors were not restricted, and there were people of all races in this realm.
In fact, strictly speaking, the Sword Manor could be regarded as a big force. However, the Sword Manor did not have many restrictions on the independent warriors who joined it. For those independent warriors who yearned for freedom, it was an excellent home.
There were priorities. Luo Zheng still had many problems to solve. However, the most important thing now was to become a Daoist. Therefore, the trip to the Sword Manor was imperative for Luo Zheng …
After flying high up in the sky for a while, Luo Zheng noticed that many black dots appeared on the plain. They should be villages and cities. However, under a bird's eye view, they were as small as ants.