Although Luo Zheng used the teleportation token to enter the White Sun Realm, it still took a long time to travel through a large realm.
To get to the sword manor, one had to pass through a large realm passageway.
Moreover, Luo Zheng only knew that the sword manor was in the White Sun Realm, but he didn't know its exact location. However, Luo Zheng soon realized that entering the sword manor wasn't that easy …
When they were halfway down, Luo Zheng patted his head and took out the Gen token.
He forgot to let Mu Mingxue out.
Afo had been staying in the immortal abode as a puppet for thousands of years, so it didn't matter.
As for Shenzi Shenzi, he was so engrossed in refining that he probably couldn't be dragged out …
However, Mu Mingxue had been trapped in the immortal abode for many years. When he first used the teleportation token, Mu Mingxue asked to come out with him, but Luo Zheng rejected her. After all, there was still a certain amount of danger at that time. Mu Mingxue also listened to him and never forced him.
Now that Luo Zheng had teleported here, even a Heavenly Venerable wouldn't be able to calculate it in a short time. Naturally, he wasn't afraid.
At this moment, after Luo Zheng activated the Gen token, he connected with the immortal abode and sent a voice transmission in.
Mu Mingxue was waiting at the door. However, her personality was like this. If she felt that Luo Zheng was in a difficult position, she wouldn't come out. In fact, her heart had already flown outside. Anyone who was trapped in the immortal abode for a few years would be bored.
Therefore, just as Luo Zheng transmitted his voice, Mu Mingxue suddenly appeared beside Luo Zheng. She didn't expect Luo Zheng to float in mid-air and fall straight down the moment she appeared.
After Luo Zheng pulled her, Mu Mingxue stabilized her body.
Returning to the universe, she looked at the vast plains and smiled slightly. She couldn't help but stretch. These few years had really suffocated her, but she didn't seem to have any complaints …
The two of them, one in front and one behind, were still a thousand feet above the city when huge maple leaves appeared, revealing a faint power. That was the restriction of flight.
"Let's enter through the city gate." Luo Zheng circled around with Mu Mingxue and entered through the front of the city.
After asking around, they found out that the city was in the north of the White Sun Realm, and the sword manor was in the southeast.
Therefore, after paying some supreme-grade True Origin stones, Luo Zheng took Mu Mingxue into the spatial passageway, and then turned into the great realm passageway …
Even traveling through the realm passageway, it took them about half a month's time.
Along the way, Mu Mingxue appeared to be very happy, as if she was a prisoner who had been locked up for many years and finally regained her freedom …
However, Xun remained immersed in Luo Zheng's body.
Half a month later, they left the realm passageway and arrived at the sword manor.
Although there was a 'manor' in the two words' sword manor ', it didn't mean that this force was small. After all, the sword manor was at the top level among independent martial artists. The sword manor had given birth to a Heavenly Venerable like Chen Huang Yijian.
As the light of the spatial laws dissipated, Mu Mingxue saw the scene in front of her and exclaimed, "What a big sword …"
The entire great realm of the White Sun Realm seemed to be a plain. After exiting the spatial passageway, the scenery in front of them could be seen. The great realm was located in a huge and flat city. In the distance, there was a huge sword inserted into the ground …
This great realm passageway was very busy. There were people coming in and out constantly. When someone heard Mu Mingxue's words, he couldn't help but roll his eyes and whisper, "I wonder which corner it came from …"
Before he could finish his sentence, the people around him interrupted him. They glanced at Luo Zheng, warning him not to speak carelessly.
Luo Zheng had already stepped into the Extreme Divine Realm. His strength had increased by a level, so his status in the eyes of others would naturally increase. After all, as long as one was a Extreme Divine Realm martial artist, they could find a good job in an ordinary tenth grade holy land. Ordinary martial artists didn't want to provoke Luo Zheng.
"It's really big." Luo Zheng looked at it and estimated that the sword was tens of thousands of feet high. This sword must have been made by someone. It was probably the symbol of the sword manor.
Luo Zheng only had one goal, and that was to go to the sword manor to train his sword intent. He hoped to complete the Emotion Severing Divine Path and perfect the last lotus flower.
This sword manor was the holy land of the world's swordsmen. Even the swordsmen of large forces would go to the sword manor to train their sword intent. Xun was one example …
After spending a few scattered True Essence Stones, Luo Zhengcai found a local martial artist. After some inquiries, Luo Zhengcai learned that the city beneath his feet was called Sword Hearing City. The culture of the Sword Dao was very rich. Along the way, he could see many Sword Pavilions. It was said that even ordinary people would practice the sword for self-defense.
"Young master, if you want to visit the sword manor, I'm afraid it won't be so convenient," the martial artist said, shaking his head.
"Why?" Luo Zheng asked.
The martial artist glanced at Luo Zheng, "Young master is also a Extreme Divine Realm martial artist. You can be considered a top figure among independent martial artists. But since ancient times, the rules have been very strict. To enter the sword manor, you must first go to the sword hall. You can only enter after obtaining a nine-star sword token …"
"Nine-star sword token?" Luo Zheng was surprised.
The martial artist smiled faintly, "If young master is a swordsman and has profound attainments in sword arts, it shouldn't be difficult for you to obtain this sword token. But there are only three days left this month …"
Luo Zheng thought that anyone could enter the sword manor at will. He didn't know that there was such a rule. Seeing that the martial artist was very cautious, he meant that this rule had never been broken since ancient times. To enter the sword manor, one must obtain a nine-star sword token.
At that time, Chen Huang's Yi Sword had left a sword-shaped mark on Luo Zheng's body. With this mark, it shouldn't be a problem to enter the sword manor.
According to this martial artist, this rule had never been broken before. Luo Zheng had to do as the Romans do …
After explaining the rules, Luo Zheng quickly understood. There were countless Sword Halls around the Sword Manor, and they taught swordsmen and martial artists. These martial artists would be able to obtain their own Sword Token after competing with each other for several levels.
In fact, when Luo Zheng stepped into the great world passage, he could be considered to have entered the sword manor. However, this was a sword manor in a broad sense. It could be said that it was a place and a big force. A real sword manor required a sword token to reach nine stars.
Luo Zheng didn't hesitate. Under the martial artist's lead, he found a sword hall.
After entering the sword hall, he spent a few True Yuan Stones to buy his own sword token …
In this sword hall, there were many people like Luo Zheng. He was a swordsman from the outside world who had reached a bottleneck in his cultivation. Therefore, he came to the sword manor, hoping to break through his shackles. However, they didn't know that the one who guided Luo Zheng here was Chen Huang's Yi Sword, the former master of the sword manor.
Therefore, the sword hall quickly sent someone to compete with Luo Zheng. That person was only in the Life and Death realm. How could he be a match for Luo Zheng?
Seeing that Luo Zheng was in the Extreme God Realm, the opponent knew that he wasn't a match for him.
After one sword strike, the victor was decided. It could be considered as a formality. Luo Zheng left with a two star sword token.
Not far away, Luo Zheng entered a relatively bigger sword hall with a two star sword token. Once again, he used one sword strike and came out with a three star sword token …
As Luo Zheng went deeper and deeper, those sword halls became more and more imposing. Of course, Luo Zheng's opponents also became more and more powerful.
However, facing these Life and Death realm and Spirit Sea realm opponents …
Luo Zheng would always use one sword strike. He didn't need a second sword strike.
Not long after, Luo Zheng's token changed from three star to six star. The whole process only took half a day.
This speed was nothing. After all, Luo Zheng's cultivation base was very high. Moreover, this was only a threshold to enter the sword hall. If Luo Zheng encountered difficulties here, he might as well find a brick and smash himself to death.
Mu Mingxue followed Luo Zheng everywhere. During this process, Mu Mingxue bought a map of the sword hall and inquired about some information. She adapted very quickly. By the time Luo Zheng obtained a seven star token, she could already act as Luo Zheng's tour guide.
"Only the six sword halls can give out eight star and nine star sword tokens. The closest one … is in that direction!" Mu Mingxue thought for a moment and reminded, "These six sword halls are equivalent to traditional ninth grade forces. However, for Young Master, it should be very simple!"
Mu Mingxue had gotten into character. She was very detailed in gathering information.
＝＝＝＝＝