This sword pavilion was called the Breeze Sword Pavilion, and it was one of the six major sword pavilions under the Sword Villa. The eight-star and nine-star sword tokens could be exchanged in the Breeze Sword Pavilion.
According to Luo Zheng's estimation, it would be best to obtain the nine-star sword token in one day.
Along the way, they shuttled through various sword pavilions to obtain the tokens from one-star to seven-star. Their speed was already extremely fast, but it still took them half a day. When Luo Zheng and Mu Mingxue arrived in front of the Breeze Sword Pavilion, the pavilion had already closed its doors …
"It seems that we can only stay for one more day." Luo Zheng's face revealed a helpless smile.
Many martial artists spent years to advance from one-star sword tokens to nine-star sword tokens. That was also the path of growth for a swordsman.
After continuously advancing in the various sword pavilions and comprehending the way of the sword to a certain extent, one would naturally be qualified to enter the Sword Villa …
This was also the reason why the Sword Villa could attract so many independent martial artists.
The Sword Villa had no restrictions on independent martial artists. As long as they wholeheartedly focused on the way of the sword and comprehended the way of the sword to a certain level, the Sword Villa would selflessly open its doors to those independent martial artists.
Compared to the tens of thousands of people kneeling at the entrance of some tenth-rank Holy Lands, this kind of scene would not be seen at the entrance of the Sword Villa.
Luo Zheng, who was a "half-baked" person, naturally could not be counted among them. That was why he could obtain the seven-star sword token in one day. This speed was already extremely fast.
"We need to find a place to settle down tonight. Tomorrow, we will go to the Breeze Sword Pavilion," Luo Zheng said.
Mu Mingxue timidly said in a low voice, "Can we walk around the city?"
Hearing Mu Mingxue's small request, Luo Zheng smiled slightly. "Why not?"
Mu Mingxue's face immediately revealed a joyful expression. Her temperament was relatively stable, and it seemed that she was indeed very happy …
Not long after, Mu Mingxue inquired about some good markets in this big city.
Ever since Luo Zheng ascended, he had never understood the culture of the human race in the Upper Realm. Under the guidance of Mu Mingxue, this was the first time he had the leisure to wander around the bustling market.
During this time, Luo Zheng also asked Xun if she wanted to come out, but he didn't get a response from her …
This market square was very lively. Almost all of them were independent martial artists.
An independent cultivator was different from a cultivator who belonged to a great force. Cultivators who belonged to a Holy Land had the support of pills and Secret Arts from the Holy Land. With such benefits, they could concentrate on their cultivation, but the price was that they had to help the Holy Land complete missions, and most of the final rewards would be given to the Holy Land.
Independent martial artists didn't have those benefits, but they had to work hard for everything. Some martial artists went out to explore and found some good things to trade in the market square.
As they strolled through the city square, Luo Zheng didn't have much interest in the items. As for Mu Mingxue, she looked left and right and bought many small items. The price of these items was usually maintained at several top-grade true essence stones.
After a few rounds, Luo Zheng found that this market square had a much higher standard than Luo Zheng had imagined.
Many of the martial artists were in the Life and Death Realm, and many of them were in the Spirit Sea Realm. Along the way, they met several Extreme God Realm masters. Mu Mingxue brought him here because she knew that this market square was a relatively "high-end" trading place in the Sword Village. There were even some divine weapons for sale.
At this moment, there was a clamor in front of them …
"The auction is starting. Let's go!"
"It should be the last three Nine Star Sword Tokens this month. If we miss it, we won't have another chance!"
"But the price is so high. Where can we get so many Zhen Yuanyu?"
These martial artists rushed over there. Luo Zheng and Mu Mingxue looked at each other with some doubts in their eyes.
How could the Nine Star Sword Tokens be bought?
Through the previous Sword Pavilions, Luo Zheng knew that the Sword Token was a kind of recognition for swordsmen. But he didn't know that there were people who could sell Sword Tokens. What was going on?
Luo Zheng's figure flashed, and he quietly shuttled through the crowd. Mu Mingxue also stepped forward and followed him.
There was a high platform in the center of the market square. On the platform, there were three Extreme God Realm warriors. Seeing that almost everyone had arrived, the leader of the Extreme God Realm warriors shouted in a cold voice, "Of the 500 Nine Star Sword Tokens this month, 497 have been sold. These are the last three tokens. You can name your price. If you miss this chance, you have to wait for another month …"
"The starting price is 100 Zhen Yuanyu!"
As soon as the leader finished his words, the martial artists below all started to bid.
"100!"
"115 …"
"120."
Most of the bidders were warriors in the Spirit Sea Realm. There were also a few Extreme God Realm warriors who bid.
Hearing this, Luo Zheng frowned even harder.
Before this, Luo Zheng had a trace of admiration for the Sword Village. After all, it was a righteous act to open such a big Sword Village to all the swordsmen in the world.
It was called the orthodox way of the sword. People who chose swords as weapons had a kind of righteousness …
"My friend, what do you mean by auctioning the Sword Token? Isn't the Sword Token won through the sword competition? "Luo Zheng asked.
Hearing Luo Zheng's words, the warrior next to him sneered, "What you said is old history. The Nine Star Sword Token is the qualification to enter the Sword Village. You can enter the Sword Village easily if you get the Sword Token? How can there be such a good thing in the world? "
"But isn't this the rule of the Sword Village? Aren't they using the name of the Sword Village for their own personal gain? " Luo Zheng asked again. He thought that he would be able to enter the Sword Village tomorrow. Judging by the situation, it wouldn't be easy to get the Nine Star Sword Token.
Although his voice wasn't loud, the Extreme God Realm warrior on the high platform heard it. The Extreme God Realm warrior stared at Luo Zheng, raised the Nine Star Sword Token in his hand, and walked to the edge of the high platform. He looked down at Luo Zheng and said, "You must be joking. The Sword Village gave us the right to the Six Sword Schools. So what if we auction it?"
Hearing this, Luo Zheng raised his head and asked indifferently, "Then if I go to the Breeze Sword School to compete tomorrow, I won't be able to get the Nine Star Sword Token?"
The other party sneered, "Of course you won't be able to get it. If you want to get it, then wait for another month. You can get ten Nine Star Sword Tokens every month. Let's see if you are good enough! Haha … "
Following the rise of Yi Jian Tianzun, the reputation of the Sword Village spread far and wide. More and more warriors came to train. Not only were there independent warriors, but there were also many swordsmen from great powers.
However, there were only five hundred spots to enter the Sword Village every month. The Six Sword Schools firmly held onto the Nine Star Sword Token. At first, they were able to follow the rules. However, following the disappearance of Yi Jian Tianzun, the Sword Village gradually became more utilitarian. Although the rules set by Chen Huang Yijian were still there, no one followed them.
"You are breaking the rules of the Sword Village." Luo Zheng's voice also became cold. Chen Huang Yijian could be considered a favor to Luo Zheng. He first comprehended the Yi Shen Sword and was personally polished by him in the Karma Hall. He could be considered half a master. Chen Huang Yijian definitely didn't expect that after his "disappearance", the Sword Village would sell the right to him. How would he feel?
The warrior on the high platform originally had a smile on his face. However, after hearing these words, a chill appeared on his face. "Brat, this is the Sword Village. As the saying goes, disaster comes from the mouth. If you can't afford it, then scram. Don't be an eyesore here!"
These words were quite impolite. Obviously, he didn't take Luo Zheng's cultivation of the God Realm seriously.
Another warrior on the high platform, however, said with a strange smile: "The price of the Nine Star Sword Token is not expensive. Normally, it's only two or three hundred Zhen Yuanyu. If you don't have the money and really want it, hehe, give me that maid of yours at the Spirit Sea Realm and give me a hundred or so Zhen Yuanyu as a bonus. That should be enough!"
That warrior's eyes fell on Mu Mingxue.
There weren't many female warriors who had cultivated to the Spirit Sea Realm, and there were even fewer independent warriors. That warrior took a fancy to Mu Mingxue's beauty and saw that Mu Mingxue was following Luo Zheng. He was tempted.
Hearing these words, Luo Zheng's eyes suddenly became cold. A faint killing intent flashed through his pupils.
Those warriors who were originally participating in the auction instantly distanced themselves. These independent warriors were as smart as rabbits. It seemed that it would be difficult to be kind.
But who on earth was this young man?
Relying on his cultivation of the God Realm, he intended to behave atrociously in the Sword Village. He would probably end up in a miserable state …
Most of the independent warriors looked at Luo Zheng and thought so in their hearts.
These independent warriors were all swordsmen. Some of them even went bankrupt to cross the big world. They traveled a long distance to come here because they were attracted by the Sword Village's reputation. They just wanted to improve their swordsmanship.