The people on the stage indeed did not put Luo Zheng in their eyes.
Auctioning the Nine Star Sword Token had already become something that the Sword Villa had tacitly agreed to. Zhen Yuanyu would even hand over a certain percentage of the auction proceeds.
This had already become a rule for entering the Sword Villa.
If the brat below the stage wanted to cause trouble and alarm the Sword Villa, he would probably be directly killed.
Seeing that this brat did not know anything, he was probably an independent martial artist without any backing. No one would come to ask if he killed an independent martial artist.
Mu Mingxue was somewhat regretful in her heart. It seemed that she had brought trouble to Luo Zheng again. But thinking about it, if she did not bring Luo Zheng around the market tonight, she would not be able to obtain the Nine Star Sword Token tomorrow.
At this moment, seeing the strange gazes of the Martial Warriors on the stage, her eyebrows furrowed slightly. However, Mu Mingxue did not say anything. Everything depended on Luo Zheng's plan.
"Are you willing or not?" The Martial Warriors on the stage stared at Luo Zheng with a face full of ridicule and sneered. He naturally knew that Luo Zheng was unwilling. However, these words could also disgust Luo Zheng, but he was certain that Luo Zheng would not dare to make a move here.
If Luo Zheng really had great ability and came from some great power, why would he need the Nine Star Sword Token? He directly entered the Sword Villa. The Sword Villa welcomed geniuses from great powers!
To put it bluntly, the Martial Warriors who fought for the Nine Star Sword Token every month were basically all independent Martial Warriors …
"Huff …"
Luo Zheng let out a light breath, and his gaze became colder and colder.
He did not want to disturb the Sword Villa too much. He only wanted to follow the path that Chen Huang Yijian had pointed out and improve his sword dao.
However, many things in this world were often like this. It was almost impossible for everything to go smoothly.
Today, he would probably have to replace the Sword-fighting Empyrean and teach his disciples a lesson.
However, just as Luo Zheng was about to make a move, a dense baleful aura leaked out from his body, and a slender figure rushed towards the stage …
Fighting was strictly prohibited in the city square, and very few people would break the rules here. Therefore, the mood of these martial artists in the city square was very relaxed.
As this infernal aura erupted, all the martial artists felt as if a stone was pressing down on their hearts. A stifling feeling arose spontaneously. Even those who hadn't paid attention to this side knew that a conflict had occurred here!
The slender figure was none other than Xun.
After Luo Zheng returned from the Dream Battlefield, Fumigation's reaction was a bit strange.
Other than being very happy when he first saw the Holy Spear of Slaughter, he was very quiet most of the time.
In the past, Fumigate didn't talk much, but now, Fumigate didn't have much energy.
Luo Zheng knew something was wrong when he saw Xun suddenly release such a huge amount of murderous aura …
Of course, Luo Zheng wouldn't let this group of people off for speaking rudely. He would definitely teach them a lesson.
But looking at Smoky's imposing manner, it was as if he was going to kill someone.
The three martial artists on the high platform still had mocking smiles on their faces a moment ago. They originally thought that Luo Zheng wouldn't make a move. But now, Luo Zheng indeed didn't make a move, but a figure rushed out from his body!
Feeling that astonishing murderous aura, the three martial artists knew something was wrong. Three long swords suddenly came out of their scabbards!
However, Fumigate's soul had already recovered by more than half. With the help of Luo Zheng's Sword Spirit, his strength had made a substantial leap. Now, Fumigate only lacked an outer shell. These Divine Realm martial artists couldn't resist Fumigate at all.
One of them had just pulled out his long sword when Fumigate's hand lightly brushed the edge of the sword. For some reason, that long sword automatically jumped into Fumigate's hand.
After the long sword was in her hand, Fumigate spun it in her hand and was about to cut down the throat of another martial artist!
That martial artist was just about to dodge when a red light flashed in Fumigate's eyes. A huge amount of soul pressure mixed with murderous aura erupted. That martial artist was actually unable to move as if he had been immobilized …
Just as Fumigate's sword was about to cut down without hesitation, another figure flashed by.
"Puff!" A sound was heard.
Luo Zheng sent that Divine Realm martial artist flying with a punch. He fell to the ground in the distance.
Fumigate didn't stop at all. She spun her long sword and reversed it, piercing through her ribs and stabbing at another Divine Realm martial artist behind her …
"Bang!"
Luo Zheng sent another punch. That martial artist was like a kite with a broken string. He was once again sent flying. He probably only had half of his life left.
"You!"
Fumigate's eyebrows suddenly jumped. She glared fiercely at Luo Zheng. Then, she slightly shifted her gaze and looked at the last remaining Divine Realm martial artist.
This time, Fumigate didn't make a move. Luo Zheng's figure was like a ghost. He took a step forward and sent out another punch.
"These people spoke rudely. It's enough to punish them. There's no need to take their lives," Luo Zheng looked at Fumigate and said softly.
Fumigate stared at Luo Zheng. She didn't refute Luo Zheng's words. She casually threw the long sword she snatched on the ground. It turned into bits of red light and entered Luo Zheng's body.
Luo Zheng's face revealed a helpless expression. He was becoming more and more confused about Fumigate's thoughts.
"Young master, the sword tokens," Mu Mingxue had two nine-star sword tokens in her hand. She took advantage of the chaos just now to get these two sword tokens.
Luo Zheng disdained to use this kind of method to get the sword tokens. The problem was that Fumigate didn't plan on exchanging sword tokens for them. Apart from auctioning them, the only other method left was to snatch them.
Below the high platform, those independent martial artists were also discussing spiritedly.
They were shocked by Luo Zheng's methods …
When Fumigate appeared just now, they didn't see clearly what was going on. Now that they saw Fumigate into bits of red light and enter Luo Zheng's body, they understood that it was Luo Zheng's sword spirit.
"That sword spirit's soul power is so powerful …"
"The key is her mixed Evil Qi, right?"
"I don't know where this young man came from, but if he makes such a ruckus here, I'm afraid he will suffer a loss!"
In fact, there should be no one in the universe who didn't know the name Luo Zheng. They only needed to ponder for a moment to guess Luo Zheng's identity. After all, a human martial artist who used a woman from the Demon Night Clan as his sword spirit was very rare in the universe.
However, the universe was so vast and there were so many martial artists that it was impossible to count them. They simply didn't expect that the legendary Luo Zheng, the champion of this Dream War, would actually appear in front of them. Moreover, he was fighting over a nine-star sword token. This was too strange.
Most importantly, the Sword Villa only had one dream space, and only the core members of the Sword Villa were qualified to view it. The martial artists in this market were only disciples of the various Sword Pavilions. They naturally weren't qualified to see the picture scroll, nor had they seen Luo Zheng's appearance.
Luo Zheng grabbed the two sword tokens and nodded. Just as he was about to receive them, three people stepped on flying swords in the skies, hurtling towards him …
The surrounding cities of the Sword Villa also prohibited flying. Normally, when a martial artist flew in the skies, they couldn't fly higher than 100 feet, otherwise they would trigger a flying spell.
The three people howled through the air, clearly unaffected by the flying spell. The one in the lead roared out, "Who dares to cause trouble?"
"Divine Transformation realm." Luo Zheng's eyes narrowed.
Before entering the Dream War, if Luo Zheng were to encounter a Divine Transformation realm powerhouse, he would only be able to flee. But now, he should have the strength to fight a Divine Transformation realm powerhouse.
And the key was that there were three Divine Transformation realm powerhouses …
This market was originally under the jurisdiction of the Clear Breeze Sword Pavilion. It was only 4-5 miles away from the Sword Pavilion. To a martial artist, this was a distance that could be crossed with a single step.
In normal circumstances, there were very few people that dared to cause trouble here.
Of the three people that rushed over, one was the Pavilion Master of the Clear Breeze Sword Pavilion and the other two were high level figures of the Sword Villa.
The Pavilion Master of the Clear Breeze Sword Pavilion had a violent temper. As he saw the three people from his sect lying unconscious in three different places, he was immediately enraged. He unsheathed his Clear Breeze Sword and slashed out with a sharp blue sword light. This blue sword light flew a thousand feet towards Luo Zheng!
He raised his hand to kill!
As the people in the market saw this, they all cried out in alarm. They covered their heads and fled like rats.
They all knew that the Pavilion Master of the Clear Breeze Sword Pavilion had a fiery temper. If they weren't careful, they would be implicated in this mess and die in vain. It was indeed fun to watch the show, but it wasn't worth it to lose their lives.
As for the martial artists that were a bit further away, they couldn't help but sigh.
"Looking at that youth's skeletal age, he shouldn't be too old. With such strength, it's a pity …"
"Haha, did he really think that there was no price for causing trouble in the Sword Villa? If he didn't have eyes, then he deserved to die. He didn't even look at where he was. "