This blue sword light faintly had the intent to break through space!
The High Arena Master was a Divine Transformation realm powerhouse and his inner world had reached large success. As this sword slashed out, the strength contained within it caused one to feel dread.
"Humph!"
Luo Zheng lifted his hand and the Thunder Wind Divine Sword also slashed out. An unstoppable sword light brought with it a sharp cry as it collided with the blue sword light!
Chi la …
As the two sword lights collided, countless cracks appeared in the surrounding space, as if they had been bitten by a dog.
Luo Zheng had only used 80% of his strength in this sword strike and he hadn't used the Origin Returning Sword. Even so, it was enough to annihilate that blue light!
There were many martial artists in the city square that ran off to watch the show.
Although the High Arena Master had a violent temper, he hadn't come here to attack them. In order to ensure their own safety, they also wanted to see what would happen to that youth.
As a result, many of the martial artists were stunned by this sword strike.
This youth only had an early Divine Reaching realm cultivation, but with a casual sword strike, he was actually able to tie with the High Arena Master?
"How is this possible …"
"A Divine Reaching realm cultivation can easily block the High Arena Master's sword strike …"
"Could he be a proud son of heaven from some great influence?"
Luo Zheng had encountered many proud sons of heaven in the Dream Battlefield.
But, the chances of encountering a proud son of heaven in the universe were extremely low. There were 100,000 great worlds and less than 1000 proud sons of heaven. The chances of encountering a so-called 'proud son of heaven' were much lower than encountering a 'Holy Lord' of a Holy Land!
"It's impossible for him to be a proud son of heaven. A proud son of heaven needs a Nine Star Sword Token to enter the Sword Villa? I fear even the Villa Master of the Sword Villa would personally welcome him. Behind him is likely an Empyrean level powerhouse! "
"Then this fellow …"
The High Arena Master's sword strike was actually able to tie with Luo Zheng. Although he was stunned, he became even more enraged.
In truth, he already had a taboo in his heart. A Divine Reaching realm cultivation that was able to withstand his sword strike could not be underestimated. This youth needed to be at least at the level of a proud son of heaven!
What's more, Luo Zheng looked so calm that he didn't seem to be using his full strength!
However, as the owner of the Cool Breeze Martial House and this was his territory, he had lost a lot of face when his sword was blocked. Taking advantage of the anger in his chest, he did not bother to think about the identity of the other party and raised his hand, preparing to slash out a second time. This time, he would need to use his entire life's worth of cultivation.
However, just as the Cool Breeze Martial Artist raised his hand, an arm reached out from the side and grabbed him!
"Brother Qingfeng, you can't." That person was a senior deacon of the Sword Manor. His name was Han Ping, and he was in charge of communicating with the Sword Hall outside the Sword Manor.
He had paid close attention to the opening of the Illusory Battlefield this time. The three hundred people in the picture scroll were firmly imprinted in his mind. As for the top ten people, he remembered them even more clearly!
Just now, when he came over with the Master of the Cool Breeze Martial Arts Club, he felt that Luo Zheng looked familiar.
However, it was currently dark, and under the illumination of the lanterns, it was hard to distinguish clearly. However, when he saw the Thunder Wind Divine Sword in Luo Zheng's hand, he immediately remembered. When the Master of the Cool Breeze Martial Arts Club used his first sword strike, he knew that things were not going well!
In the end, when he saw that Luo Zheng had easily blocked it, he sighed in his heart. As expected of the number one genius, the main character of this generation.
The Master of the Cool Breeze Martial Arts Club was furious and wanted to slash out a second time, but Han Ping naturally stopped him …
"Brother Han Ping, why are you stopping me!" The Master of the Cool Breeze Martial Arts Club could not get out of this embarrassing situation. He could not slash out a second time, but he wanted to ask Han Ping for an explanation. As for what the explanation was, it was not important. The most important thing was that he could save some face.
"Brother Qingfeng, didn't you notice that his sword strike was very special?" Han Ping said with a faint smile.
The Master of the Cool Breeze Martial Arts Club frowned. After thinking for half a breath, his expression changed greatly!
Sword-fighting Technique …
This fellow cultivated the sword technique of the Sword-fighting Heavenly Sovereign!
As the former master of the Sword Villa, the Sword-fighting Heavenly Sovereign could be said to have used his own strength to forcefully raise the once insignificant Sword Villa by two levels, turning it into the largest power among the independent martial artists!
It was also because the Sword Villa believed in freedom and did not want to restrain independent martial artists, much less expand their territory. Therefore, they did not evolve into those large Holy Lands. However, the influence of the Sword Villa at that time was no longer comparable to that of a second-rate race in the universe!
There were countless sword techniques in the Sword Villa …
However, there was only one supreme sword technique, and that was the Sword-fighting Technique.
Unfortunately, the Sword-fighting Heavenly Sovereign did not pass down the Sword-fighting Technique. He only left behind a poem in the Orange Sea Realm …
In the past, the Sword Villa had sent a large number of people into the Orange Sea Realm in an attempt to unravel the secrets within, but in the end, they returned without success. Even a few years ago, when the Human Alliance had not expelled outsiders, there were still independent martial artists from the Sword Villa who were comprehending it.
However, the Sword-fighting Heavenly Sovereign's Sword-fighting Technique was not passed down in the end.
Because of the Illusory Battlefield, the people of the Sword Villa knew that there was someone in the universe who had almost perfectly inherited the Sword-fighting Technique. That person was naturally Luo Zheng.
However, wasn't Luo Zheng rumored to be trapped in the Heaven Region?
The Illusory Battlefield had just ended a few days ago, and he had already come to the Sword Villa? How could his speed be so fast? Even a Heavenly Sovereign would not be able to do so, right?
The Lord of the Cool Breeze Martial Arts School was also a shrewd person. Since it was Luo Zheng, this matter was easy to handle.
If he lost to an ordinary Divine Realm martial artist, then he, the Lord of the Cool Breeze Martial Arts School, would have lost face tonight.
However, Luo Zheng was different. He was already the legendary number one person in the future!
Just now, the Lord of the Cool Breeze Martial Arts School was still in a state of uncontrollable rage, but now, he laughed. "I was wondering who it was! So it's Luo Zheng Daozi who has graced our Sword Villa with his presence! However, he did not say anything in advance. Our Sword Villa has failed to welcome him! I was too impatient just now. I'm sorry! " When he said these words, there was a slight awkwardness in his eyes. It was very rare for someone of his status to apologize so cleanly.
However, the two words "Luo Zheng" were enough to alleviate this awkwardness!
Han Ping also took a step forward. His figure floated, and he arrived on the high platform. He clasped his hands towards Luo Zheng. "This one is Sword Villa's Han Ping. Daozi Luo Zheng Daozi has personally come to visit. Our Sword Villa has been rude."
Luo Zheng had actually not become a Daozi, but this was not important. Because he had defeated a Daozi, then in the eyes of others, he had the possibility of becoming a True God in the future!
"Luo Zheng?"
"The champion of the Illusory Battlefield this time!"
"No way, why did he come to our Sword Villa …"
When the originally silent martial artists in the marketplace heard the two words "Luo Zheng", they suddenly understood.
In their eyes, a person like Luo Zheng should have gone to the Demi-Immortal Clan, the Deities Without Thoughts, or the Human Alliance …
Compared to these great powers, the Sword Villa was somewhat insignificant. If there was a supreme expert like Sword-fighting Heavenly Sovereign in the past, it would have been a good match. Now, what could the Sword Villa have that could catch Luo Zheng's attention?
Of the three martial artists that were smashed out by Luo Zheng, two had already woken up. When they heard Han Ping's words, they almost fainted again.
These two brothers were even more furious in their hearts. Damn it, if I had said earlier that you were Luo Zheng, then I would have given you this Nine Star Sword Token.
Thinking about it, it was still not right. Since you are Luo Zheng, why do you want this Nine Star Sword Token? Just go straight to the Sword Villa, who would stop you?
The two of them cursed in their hearts, but they did not dare to show it on their faces. They only hoped that Luo Zheng would let them go. Otherwise, the Hall Master would push the responsibility onto them, and they would be finished.
There was still one martial artist who was still unconscious. That martial artist actually asked Luo Zheng to give Mu Mingxue to him. If he knew that it was Luo Zheng, he would probably faint again …
The coldness on Luo Zheng's face melted a little, but he still said sarcastically, "I have long heard of the Sword Villa's great name. It is a holy land in the hearts of independent martial artists, but I didn't know that the Sword Villa was so difficult to enter. Those who enter the Sword Villa do not rely on their comprehension of the Sword Dao or their passion for the Sword Dao, but they rely on the True Origin Stones in their pockets. Haha, I wonder how Sword-fighting Heavenly Sovereign would feel if he knew! In the future, when he returns and sees this, I'm afraid he will be incomparably disappointed! "
Luo Zheng's words struck a chord in the hearts of many independent martial artists present.
They had traveled a long distance to come here, relying on their dedication to the Sword Dao. They hoped to temper an even stronger Sword Intent, but in the end, they did not rely on their own strength. They still had to use Zhen Yuanyu to auction in order to be able to enter the Sword Villa. The disappointment in their hearts was hard to describe.
When Han Ping heard Luo Zheng's words, his heart suddenly lit up. He heard the meaning behind Luo Zheng's words. Sword-fighting Heavenly Sovereign did not fall?
As he thought this in his heart, his expression became more and more sincere. "This Nine Star Sword Token is indeed improper! I will report this matter and make adjustments. Since Daozi Luo Zheng has come to the Sword Villa, please come in for a chat! "
＝＝＝＝＝