Bi Feiyu and the two elders behind him, as Sector Lords, understood the rules and restrictions even more than Luo Zheng.
Empyrean becoming a True God?
There was no precedent for this.
It was because of this that they found it hard to believe.
There had been Sector Lords who had become True Gods. Although the probability was small, it was still possible.
However, after Empyreans inherited the Mandate of Heaven, this possibility was erased. They would never be able to cross this Heavenly Dao.
But …
This time, "Soft Whisper", also known as Ying, had easily crossed the Heavenly Dao's restrictions. This had already opened the eyes of everyone in the universe.
The rules were dead, but people were alive.
Chen Huang Yijian was a genius who had walked out of the Sword Manor. Perhaps he had a way to break this rule?
However, regarding this point, Luo Zheng himself did not understand.
The reason he knew that Chen Huang Yijian had become a True God was because of Chen Huang Yijian's position in the Emperor's Corridor …
Perhaps the key was the Emotion Severing Divine Dao that Chen Huang Yijian cultivated?
"I wonder where Luo Zheng obtained this information. Or perhaps Dao Child Luo Zheng has seen Empyrean Yi Jian before?" Bi Feiyu asked again.
Luo Zheng nodded. "I came to the Sword Manor because of his words. I want to continue tempering my sword intent …"
After speaking, Luo Zheng raised his arm …
From the upper half of his arm, a bright blue light began to flash. It was a sword imprint!
This sword imprint was the one that Chen Huang Yijian had inserted into Luo Zheng's arm.
Bi Feiyu did not speak. The two elders behind him let out a strange cry …
"Wen Qing Sword Heart!"
"How could it be in your hands!"
The two elders were old monsters who had lived for countless years. As Sector Lords, they did not have the demeanor of a Sector Lord.
When Luo Zheng stood up, Mu Mingxue also stood up with Luo Zheng and followed behind Luo Zheng. At this moment, seeing these three Sector Lords shocked, she felt it was funny.
World Lords were all characters that could dominate a large world. Why were they all like this?
Mu Mingxue had ascended to the Upper Realm not long ago and spent most of her time in the Immortal Mansion. She naturally didn't know that the three people in charge of the Sword Manor were people with great backgrounds in the universe, especially the current Manor Master Bi Feiyu. His strength was an expert among the Sector Lords and was comparable to the Great Sector Lords of those great powers.
If not for this, in the absence of the Sword-fighting Empyrean, it would have been very difficult for them to maintain the current situation of the Sword Villa. But then again, what the hell is this Wen Qing Sword Heart?
Luo Zheng was also puzzled. He stared at the three of them, hoping for an answer.
He thought that this sword-shaped imprint was just a keepsake of the Sword-fighting Empyrean, but looking at the reactions of these three people, this sword-shaped imprint did not seem to be that simple? If that was the case, then what was Chen Huang Yijian's goal?
After the two old men cried out for a while, they suddenly fell silent. They looked at Luo Zheng with an extremely strange gaze.
Even the most normal Bi Feiyu was frowning slightly as he sized up Luo Zheng. His gaze was frighteningly sharp. Staring at Luo Zheng made people feel a little scared.
"Wen Qing Sword Heart … What is it?" Luo Zheng continued to ask.
Bi Feiyu did not answer Luo Zheng's question. He only stared at Luo Zheng. After a while, he let out a long sigh, "Luo Zheng, if you don't mind, please stay in my Sword Manor today. I'm afraid I can only give you an answer tomorrow."
Luo Zheng was confused. But the other party was the master of the Sword Manor and he was a guest from afar. Since that was the case, he could only wait …
After settling Luo Zheng down, Bi Feiyu and the two old men moved to another large hall. This was the Sword Manor's Sword Heart Pavilion. Bi Feiyu took out a small jade sword and threw it high into the air. This small jade sword pierced through the ceiling of the Sword Heart Pavilion and shot into the sky, turning into hundreds of jade sword shadows that exploded in all directions.
In the middle of the night, it was very eye-catching, like a giant firework.
After the sword shadows exploded, there were constantly people stepping on their swords and flying into the Sword Manor …
These people could ignore the Sword Manor's sky restriction. Their status in the Sword Manor was definitely not low.
"Manor Master!"
"Greetings Manor Master!"
"I wonder why Manor Master has gathered us here so late at night? Is there something important?"
The martial artists that were gathered here were all sword cultivators. They were all at the late Divine Transformation realm or even a half-step World Lord. These people were the Elders of the Sword Manor's Sword Holding Hall! They were also the core strength of the Sword Manor!
The Elders that arrived first saw Bi Feiyu gather everyone here in such a hurry and thought something important had happened. They hurriedly asked, but Bi Feiyu only shook his head and didn't answer.
After the 27 Sword Holding Hall Elders had all gathered, Bi Feiyu said, "Gathering all of you here in the middle of the night, there is naturally something that must be discussed."
The 27 Sword Holding Elders had worried looks on their faces. Looking at this situation, they suspected that the great crisis of the universe had already erupted, and the location of the eruption was the Sword Manor? If so, then they were far too unlucky …
"The Seeking Passion sword heart has appeared." Bi Feiyu said.
The 27 Sword Holding Elders looked at each other, stunned for a long time …
"How is this possible!?"
"The Old Manor Master has been dead for so many years. If the Seeking Passion sword heart could appear, it would have appeared a long time ago. How could it only appear now …"
"Indeed, if someone grasped the Seeking Passion sword heart, it would be impossible for them to wait until now to appear! Moreover, with just a sword heart, they want to control the Sword Manor! We only recognize Manor Master Bi! "
Very quickly, the entire Sword Heart Pavilion was in an uproar, practically becoming a pot of porridge.
Bi Feiyu waved his hand lightly, and the Sword Heart Pavilion became incomparably quiet. He announced another piece of news, "Sword-fighting Heavenly Sovereign …" He did not fall. "
"We all know that he didn't die. He just went missing. However, that's just an excuse …" Someone shook his head and said. Everyone knew that Bi Feiyu had eaten the wrong medicine today.
Bi Feiyu shook his head and said, "The Old Manor Lord did not fall, nor did he go missing. Because he has already become a True God and is heading to the Divine Realm."
"AHH!"
"Impossible …"
"Villa Lord, did you catch a cold?"
"..."
Previously, Bi Feiyu and the two elders had such a big reaction, but this group of people's reaction would only be even more exaggerated, or even worse. After all, this kind of thing had overturned their understanding and common sense.
Bi Feiyu said, "Actually, I haven't seen the Old Manor Lord either, but this news was obtained from Luo Zheng!"
"That Illusory Battlefield's number one, Luo Zheng?"
"The main character of the great world that was chosen a few days ago … Why did he come to the Sword Villa?"
"I heard that he wasn't trapped in the Middle Sky Region?"
With so many people in the Sword Heart Pavilion, the scene became extremely chaotic. In fact, these people would not normally lose their composure like this.
Bi Feiyu had no choice but to control the situation once again. "Everyone, quiet down." He waved his hand again and said, "I am not sure if what Luo Zheng said is true or false. After all, this kind of thing, there is no proof. However, there is one thing that I can confirm. Just now, the Great Clan Elder and the Second Clan Elder both saw it.
These words immediately caused everyone to fall into silence. For a moment, they didn't know how to express their opinions …
This Wen Qing sword heart was the ultimate inheritance of the Sword Villa!
According to the arrangements of the Sword-fighting Heavenly Sovereign back then, if he were to fall, the next Villa Master would have to bring along the Wen Qing sword heart in order to open the mountain gate of the Killing Sword Mountain. Only then would he be able to properly inherit the Sword Villa and become the Villa Master of the Sword Villa.
Bi Feiyu did not have the Wen Qing sword heart, he was only the acting Villa Master.
But all these years, the Wen Qing sword heart had never appeared, and everyone had chosen to forget about it. Then, Bi Feiyu was their Villa Master, and no one would doubt it!
After all, Bi Feiyu had contributed a lot to the development of the Sword Villa over the years.
Suddenly, a person appeared, and even brought along the Wen Qing sword heart. Everyone felt extremely strange in their hearts.
The most important thing was not this problem.
Because the person who came was Luo Zheng.
If an ordinary nameless person wanted to accept the inheritance of the Sword Villa with a Wen Qing Sword Heart, the people of the Sword Holding Hall would have clamored and attacked him directly. At the very least, they would expel him or even kill him …
However, when it came to Luo Zheng, the problem was completely different.
When the great world descended, no one would be able to escape the impending great calamity.
These people who competed in the Illusory Battlefield would eventually bear heavy responsibilities and become indispensable characters in helping the world through this crisis.
This time limit could be ten years, or a hundred years. To the martial artists in the world, it was actually a very short period of time, and it would arrive very quickly.