Walking all the way here, Luo Zheng also did not understand.
They should be heading to the Killing Sword Mountain, so why did they walk into this cave?
Could it be that the Killing Sword Mountain was in this cave?
The huge door in front of him was greenish-gray, and the surface of the door was engraved with all kinds of exquisite patterns. A thin layer of dust had accumulated in the grooves of these patterns, as if no one had been here for a long time.
Although Bi Feiyu had never entered this huge door, he was very familiar with the world outside.
With a wave of his hand, a gust of wind whistled and swept away all the dust!
After the dust dissipated, the patterns on the huge door were completely revealed. Luo Zheng saw that there was a huge spider carved on the door. The spider seemed to have thousands of legs, and the patterns that Luo Zheng had seen before were the patterns on the spider's legs.
Seeing the patterns on the carvings, Luo Zheng's face revealed a look of surprise.
From the moment they entered the cave, the surroundings were filled with a strange aura, and the huge door revealed a strange evil aura.
The way of the sword was orthodox. Normally, people who cultivated the way of the sword would rarely walk the path of evil. That would affect their sword heart.
Yi Jian Tianzun was probably the strongest swordsman in the universe, so why would he set up such a door?
Luo Zheng revealed a strange feeling in his heart, but gradually, he had a guess.
The Killing Sword Mountain originally did not follow the path of a gentleman. There should be a huge secret hidden within. However, according to the current clues, Luo Zheng did not know anything about these secrets.
From Luo Zheng's point of view, this secret might have a lot to do with Yi Jian Tianzun being able to become a True God. It might even be related to the things that Qing Yu grasped …
"Luo Zheng, you can go in." Bi Feiyu pointed to the center of the door, where the head of the thousand-legged spider sculpture was. "According to the old manor master's instructions, the person who carries the Wen Qing Sword Heart needs to extend his hand into the mouth of the spider sculpture in order to open this door."
Luo Zheng glanced at the head of the spider. The carving on the spider's huge head was extremely realistic. Its compound eyes seemed to be carved out of countless gems. Under the illumination of the luminous pearl, they shone with a strange light. It was as if he wasn't looking at a relief sculpture, but a real thousand-legged spider …
After nodding, Luo Zheng floated on the head of the spider and put his arm into it. At the same time, Luo Zheng activated the sword-shaped mark on his arm.
"Crack!"
At this moment, some mechanism seemed to be activated. The spider's mouth closed and bit Luo Zheng's arm!
Luo Zheng didn't dodge. It was impossible for this bronze relief to bite through his skin. However, just as this thought appeared in his mind, a sharp pain came from his arm …
There seemed to be an extremely sharp object piercing Luo Zheng's arm, but the mouth was already closed, so Luo Zheng couldn't see it clearly.
No matter what it was, it must be very special to be able to pierce through his magical weapon so easily.
Luo Zheng almost reflexively waved his other fist, wanting to smash the relief sculpture directly!
"Absolutely not!" Bi Feiyu quickly stepped forward and stopped Luo Zheng's next move. "This is the method used by the old heightslord to identify the Wen Qing Sword Heart. If this relief sculpture is smashed, I'm afraid this door will never be opened again!"
Luo Zheng frowned slightly. At this moment, he felt that the sharp object had retracted and left his arm.
Just as he was thinking about what it was, the huge bronze door of the folding fan made a "kacha" sound, and the door slowly retreated to both sides. Then, a strong murderous aura gushed out from the Slaughter Sword Mountain, as if there was a ferocious and evil thing lurking inside.
Everyone standing outside the door was affected by the evil spirit, especially Mu Mingxue. Her face was pale, and she was under great pressure.
"Coo, coo …"
The two Evil Demon Tengu, who had been quiet, were also a little restless at this moment, making shallow growls from their throats.
"This is the evil spirit of the Slaughter Sword Mountain …"
Such a strong evil spirit surprised Luo Zheng. He had stepped into the Slaughter Sword Mountain twice, and he only knew that there was a lot of evil spirit in the Slaughter Sword Mountain, and his own evil spirit could be stored inside, so that he wouldn't be affected by the evil spirit.
"This door is open, so we can only send you here." Bi Feiyu had a faint smile on his face. At this moment, a green ruyi appeared in his hand, emitting a faint light curtain. It wrapped Mu Mingxue and the people of the Sword Holding Hall in it, so that they wouldn't be affected by the evil spirit.
Luo Zheng didn't hesitate too much, and only then did he rush forward and enter the huge door. The moment he entered the huge door, the door closed behind Luo Zheng. In the empty environment, the sound of the door closing was extremely ear-piercing.
This was the third time he had stepped into the Slaughter Sword Mountain. This time, Luo Zheng's main body had personally come. It was also this time that Luo Zheng felt that the Slaughter Sword Mountain was filled with strangeness …
"I shouldn't have left Mu Mingxue outside." Luo Zheng secretly scolded himself for his negligence. Ever since he came to the Sword Villa, everything had been going smoothly.
Sword Pavilion, Market Square, and then he met Han Ping. This seemed to be going too smoothly.
However, there was nothing wrong with the behavior of the people from the Sword Villa. It was just that Luo Zheng felt a little uneasy in his heart. As for why he felt uneasy, he couldn't say it himself.
Since the door had already closed, it would be better to complete the Sword Fighting Heavenly Sovereign's trial as soon as possible. He hoped that his Emotion Severing Divine Dao would reach perfection. The last fragment to fill the gap was in this sword mountain. He had no room to retreat.
"No wonder … the two times I entered the Slaughter Sword Mountain, the surrounding environment was pitch-black. This cave is indeed very gloomy."
Not long after, the Slaughter Sword Mountain appeared in front of Luo Zheng.
This Slaughter Sword Mountain wasn't very tall. According to Luo Zheng's prediction, it should only be two to three hundred meters tall. In his eyes, it was just a small mountain …
The closer he got to the Slaughter Sword Mountain, the more Luo Zheng felt that something was wrong. The mountain was still the same mountain, but it was missing a crucial detail.
"The sword … is gone …"
The first time Luo Zheng entered the Slaughter Sword Mountain was when he sparred with Hua Tianming and comprehended the perfect sword intent.
The second time, it was when Chen Huang set up an illusion with his sword.
However, the two times he entered, the surrounding swords of the Slaughter Sword Mountain were densely packed, from the foot of the mountain all the way to the top of the mountain. But now, Luo Zheng didn't see a single sword.
With a face full of doubt, Luo Zheng continued to fly towards the Slaughter Sword Mountain. With his speed, this distance was covered in an instant. After circling around the foot of the mountain, Luo Zheng followed the mountain ridge all the way up, and quickly reached the top of the mountain.
From beginning to end, Luo Zheng didn't notice anything strange. It was as if in this cave, other than this mountain, there was nothing else …
Then was this still the Slaughter Sword Mountain?
Since the Sword Fighting Heavenly Sovereign had asked him to come here to temper his own way of the sword and make up for the last flaw of the Emotion Severing Divine Dao, there must be something here that he didn't know about.
Floating on top of the mountain, Luo Zheng thought for a moment. Looking at the main body of the Slaughter Sword Mountain, his eyebrows suddenly raised.
"Baleful Qi!"
Luo Zheng didn't find anything on the mountain, but there was a strong baleful Qi in the cave. The source of this baleful Qi was floating out from the body of the Slaughter Sword Mountain!
He wanted to enter the interior of the Slaughter Sword Mountain?
Thinking of this, Luo Zheng didn't hesitate at all …
"Swish swish swish!"
The three sword beams intersected with each other, drawing a triangle on the top of the mountain. He didn't use much strength, and the sword beams only reached a distance of three meters below the top of the mountain.
Then, Luo Zheng's sword pierced in from the side. With a slight pry, he pried out a piece of the mountain rock on the top of the mountain …
The moment it was pried out, Luo Zheng felt a majestic baleful Qi surging out from the opening he had cut out. With the naked eye, he could almost see a red mist. At the same time, Luo Zheng smelled a strange fragrance.
The fragrance was very sweet, similar to the smell of blood, but it wasn't annoying.
And after Luo Zheng pried open the mountain rock, he discovered that the soil at the bottom of the mountain rock was a bright red color, as if it was a mixture of blood and soil.