The Slaughter Sword Mountain was empty.
Luo Zheng stood at the opening and looked down.
A deep red light shone from the inside of the mountain, but he couldn't see clearly what was inside.
Then, a green luster appeared in Luo Zheng's eyes. He looked again, but he still couldn't see clearly.
Although Luo Zheng had sensed a strange aura from the moment he entered the cave, Luo Zheng naturally would not turn back now that he had come this far.
Without thinking too much, Luo Zheng stepped into the opening and started to descend from the top of the Slaughter Sword Mountain.
At the moment, Luo Zheng was also under a lot of pressure!
The Evil Spirit inside the Slaughter Sword Mountain was so dense that it was almost tangible. At first glance, it looked like a red fog. The fog was grotesquely shaped, as if all kinds of demons and ghosts were hovering around Luo Zheng. There were even strange cries coming from the fog.
When Luo Zheng listened carefully, he couldn't hear anything. It was as if those sounds were just what Luo Zheng felt in his heart.
"Whoosh …"
At this moment, Luo Zheng suddenly felt a black shadow pass by above his head.
"What's that?"
Luo Zheng suddenly became alert. Although he could be said to be skilled and bold, he had just reached the Extreme Divine Realm, so he wasn't invincible.
While looking up, Luo Zheng also released his perception.
However, the dense Evil Spirit inside the cave affected Luo Zheng's perception. Maybe he was immersed in the Evil Spirit, which made him hallucinate.
The Evil Spirit here was too dense. If he stayed here for too long, there might be unpredictable consequences.
Thinking of this, Luo Zheng sped up his diving speed. Soon, he landed on the ground. The Slaughter Sword Mountain was in the middle of a mountain, and Luo Zheng was in the middle of the mountain. It was easy to imagine the oppressive feeling it gave off.
Just as he descended to the ground, he heard a panting sound by his ear.
"Huff, huff …"
Luo Zheng suddenly turned around, but there was nothing behind him. It was still the thick blood-red Evil Qi.
With the Lightning Wind Ghost Divine Sword in his hand, he picked a direction and continued forward. Just as he took two steps, the panting sound rang out again.
"Phew …"
The moment the voice rang out, Luo Zheng turned around and stabbed out with his sword!
Under the disturbance of the sword light, the murderous aura in the surroundings started to roll like a demon …
"Sou!"
The sword light shot out and sank into the endless baleful aura. It did not hit anything.
Luo Zheng narrowed his eyes slightly and continued to move forward with his sword in hand. Since he had already come this far, he had no reason to retreat. Therefore, he continued to move forward with more vigilance.
However, the doubts in his heart grew even stronger.
Could this be a part of the Severing Emotions Divine Dao test?
Thinking about it, it didn't seem right. Purely honing the way of the sword, there was no need for Luo Zheng to enter such a strange place. The Sword-fighting Empyrean probably didn't know the meaning behind this …
As he walked forward, Luo Zheng saw a bare tombstone by the side of the road. The tombstone looked very out of place.
Luo Zheng walked forward and sized it up. There were no carvings on the tombstone, only a tombstone, and no inscriptions. Who was sleeping under the tombstone?
After confirming that this tombstone had nothing to do with his trip, Luo Zheng took a detour and continued forward. Not long after, Luo Zheng saw another tombstone. It was also bare, and there were no inscriptions on it.
As he continued forward, a third tombstone appeared!
At this moment, Luo Zheng realized that something was wrong. Before passing by the tombstone, Luo Zheng lightly tapped his finger, and a thin wind blade directly hit the top of the tombstone, leaving behind a small mark.
When the fourth tombstone appeared, Luo Zheng's gaze fell on the top of the tombstone.
"It's the same tombstone as before." Luo Zheng's eyes flashed. He already knew where the problem was. He had been walking in circles around this tombstone.
Martial artists who cultivated the Space Laws were very sensitive to space. Ordinary martial artists might get lost in the fog, because it was very difficult to determine one's position without a reference.
Luo Zheng, on the other hand, did not. He knew very well that he was walking in a straight line without any deviation.
But he walked in a straight line, and yet he ended up back at the starting point. This meant that something had trapped him.
"A very clever method," Luo Zheng thought to himself as he stood in front of the tombstone.
When one cultivated the Space Laws to a high level, they could connect two spaces. Luo Zheng could also do this. For example, traveling through space was the same principle …
However, when changing space, there would eventually be fluctuations of Space Laws. For example, where the space in front of him was connected to the space behind him, there would definitely be fluctuations of Space Laws. However, Luo Zheng did not feel any of these fluctuations.
Looking at it this way, either Luo Zheng had seen a ghost, or the person who used this Space Maze was extremely clever.
Four tombstones meant that Luo Zheng had walked around this damned place four times.
After standing there for a while, Luo Zheng kicked off the ground, two feet above the ground, and sped away!
"Whoosh!"
Flying close to the ground like this, his speed was extremely fast!
"The fifth tombstone …"
"The sixth tombstone …"
Every tombstone he saw was equivalent to Luo Zheng passing through a space node in front of him, and then being teleported to the back. According to his flying speed, Luo Zheng calculated that the range of this Space Maze was about eight thousand feet.
But even if he knew the range of this Space Maze, Luo Zheng would find it very difficult to get out, unless his Space Laws reached a higher level …
"The Evil Qi is getting thicker and thicker, haven't you noticed?"
Xun's voice suddenly came, and then gradually condensed in front of Luo Zheng, revealing her slender figure.
Her eyes flashed as she looked around and said, "This seems to be a trap …"
"Trap?" Luo Zheng was startled.
It wasn't that Luo Zheng didn't have this guess, but he felt that there was no need for Sword-fighting Heavenly Sovereign to trick him here and then trap him here.
Xun stared at Luo Zheng and sneered. She knew what Luo Zheng was thinking, but she pointed upwards and said, "If you don't believe me, take a look for yourself."
Following the direction that Xun was pointing at, Luo Zheng raised his head and saw a blood-red face staring at him with a pair of empty eyes. That pair of empty eyes didn't have the slightest bit of life, and that kind of expression wasn't an expression that a human should have.
It wasn't that Luo Zheng had never seen those vengeful spirits before, but he had never felt such a creepy feeling.
Almost instantly, Luo Zheng's Thunder Wind Ghost Sword slashed out. No matter what the hell it was, he would kill it first …
"Whoosh!"
Perhaps Luo Zheng really couldn't hold it in any longer. When this sword slashed out, he used Yi Shen's Sword. Its power was also extremely strong!
If this sword beam pierced out, it would probably directly split apart the Slaughter Sword Mountain. It might even pierce through the mountain outside of the Slaughter Sword Mountain!
However, Luo Zheng still underestimated this spatial maze. Or it could be said that Luo Zheng underestimated the Slaughter Sword Mountain.
If it was so easy to destroy, with just that bronze door, who could this Holy Land stop? Any Divine Realm martial artist could force their way in. In reality, the secrets of the Slaughter Sword Mountain far exceeded Luo Zheng's imagination.
The sword light disappeared into the distance without a sound, as if it had fallen into an endless space and disappeared for no reason.
As for that blood-red face, it was indeed cut in half by Luo Zheng's sword. However, it quickly merged back into one and slowly approached downwards.
At the same time, Luo Zheng also discovered that besides above his head, all around him were these creepy giant faces that constantly appeared. These giant faces quietly floated, approaching Luo Zheng!
"Give me the spear." Kaoru stretched out her hand.
Luo Zheng flicked his finger and the Holy Slaughter Spear flew out from his spatial ring, falling into Kaoru's hands!
"Woosh!"
"One Thought Without Turning!"
Kaoru's spear was even fiercer, but it didn't seem to be of much use. Under this spear, it only pierced a large hole in one of the giant faces. However, that giant face didn't suffer any damage!
"Use thunder." Kaoru decisively said.
As her voice fell, a silver arc as thick as a wrist lashed out from the Thunder Wind Ghost Sword!
"Pa!"