This roar reverberated in the hollow Mountain of Killing Swords, as if it was a malicious spirit.
Speaking of which, these giant faces were no different from malicious spirits.
If he was alone, he would definitely be scared out of his wits.
But at this moment, with Xun by his side, Luo Zheng's heart calmed down a lot. No matter what, two people were always better than one, even though Xun was just a soul.
Since the lightning was effective against these giant faces, Luo Zheng did not hold back.
There were three types of sword skills in the Dark Thunder Wind Sword. Aside from the Dark Thunder Wind Sword, there were also the Thunder Wind Sword and the Wind Blade.
Chaotic energy was continuously poured into it, and the silver snakes in the air turned into countless whip shadows, crazily whipping those giant faces.
"Pa pa pa pa …"
The giant face closest to Luo Zheng suffered the densest lightning strikes, and finally scattered into a cloud of baleful energy.
This scene calmed Luo Zheng even more.
He was afraid that these fellows would not suffer anything. Since they were afraid of lightning, everything was easy.
These giant faces floated very slowly. Although there were many of them, Luo Zheng had plenty of time.
After the time it took to brew a cup of tea, the giant faces around Luo Zheng were scattered …
"Phew …" Luo Zheng exhaled, and a trace of relaxation appeared on his face. "Now, let's focus on finding a way out of here."
As soon as his voice fell, he suddenly felt that there was something wrong with Xun's gaze. Her gaze did not seem to be looking at him, but behind him!
"Cough cough cough cough …"
Luo Zheng looked back and saw a giant head opening its mouth to bite him!
The face of this head was similar to those giant faces, but in comparison, those giant faces were like a mask for this head, as if this fellow was the real owner.
"Whoosh!"
Before that mouth could bite him, Luo Zheng's figure floated, and he dodged with the Eight Winding Smoke. As he retreated, he brewed a long lightning whip from the Dark Thunder Wind Sword, and continued to lash at the head.
Indeed, being stared at by those strange eyes was not something to be happy about.
Luo Zheng originally thought that the lightning would work as usual, but the tenacity of this brain seemed to be beyond Luo Zheng's imagination. Or rather, this thing was not afraid of lightning at all …
Not only was it immune to lightning, its speed was also much faster than the giant faces from before!
"Go!"
Smoke stabbed out with her spear, and the huge spear shadow directly pierced through the head, creating a big hole in it.
The Holy Spear was invincible, and the key was that this thing could not be pierced through at all. After a large hole appeared in its head, this fellow's facial features became even more distorted, making it even more unbearable to look at.
As Luo Zheng moved forward rapidly, he saw another huge head on the left. Not far away, there were some red shadows floating in the red mist of Evil Qi. They were probably those huge heads.
It seemed that these things had been hiding in the killing intent of the Slaughter Sword Mountain, and now Luo Zheng had finally attracted them.
Luo Zheng couldn't figure out why these things would appear in the Massacre Sword Mountain.
Could it be that the amount of Evil Qi was too much, and in the end, it formed Evil Qi Spirits?
Originally, there were so many swords stuck in the Massacre Sword Mountain, and these people were able to place their own Evil Qi into the Massacre Sword Mountain. With the passage of time, this kind of mutation might have occurred.
Under this reasoning, it made sense, but what was going on with this tombstone? What was the matter with the space maze …
Luo Zheng's mind was in a mess. He was afraid that he had run into real trouble this time.
After circling a few times, Luo Zheng returned to his original point, and a tombstone appeared in front of him. The space maze was nothing, but the number of huge heads was increasing. They were pushing against each other, almost forming a wall, and were heading towards Luo Zheng.
This place was full of strangeness. Although Luo Zheng's body was tyrannical, when faced with these heads, his end wouldn't be good!
The key was to break the maze …
But looking at the two walls of huge heads coming towards him, Luo Zheng knew that he had no chance.
Just at this moment, a black shadow suddenly flashed by from the side!
This time, Luo Zheng saw it clearly. The black shadow looked very agile, like a black cat. But of course, ordinary cats and dogs couldn't survive here, nor could they have such amazing speed. It should be a small ferocious beast?
"Follow it!" Xun reminded him.
Luo Zheng didn't need Xun to say anything, as he had already moved.
The situation here was very bad, and he couldn't find any clues to break the space maze. Luo Zheng didn't know what the appearance of the black shadow meant, but at this moment, following it was a wise choice.
"Whoosh!"
The black shadow was moving forward, hidden in the Evil Qi. Even though Luo Zheng was chasing it with all his attention, he could only see a vague shadow.
This shadow had four very slender legs, and its running speed was almost the same as Luo Zheng's flying speed, which was close to the ground!
The most important thing was that the black shadow's running route was very strange. It didn't escape in a straight line, but in a series of twists and turns.
Fortunately, Luo Zheng used the Eight Paths of Flying Smoke, which was originally a very tricky body movement, so he could barely keep up with the black shadow.
After rushing out like this for a long time, the black shadow was still in front of him. Luo Zheng suddenly found that the scenery around him seemed to have changed. He didn't see the tombstone anymore, so he was finally sure that he had walked out of the space maze.
"I'm out!" Luo Zheng said with a smile.
"Don't be happy too early," Xun said lightly.
After finding that he had left the space maze, Luo Zheng slowed down, but at the same time, he found that the black shadow also slowed down a lot.
"Do you see anything?" Xun asked.
Luo Zheng nodded, and his face became serious again. This black shadow was also abnormal. It seemed to be deliberately guiding him.
Where does this guy want to lead me?
The situation in the Massacre Sword Mountain was so complicated that it was beyond Luo Zheng's imagination. If he was deliberately led into a desperate situation by this black shadow, Luo Zheng would be in even more trouble.
Is this black shadow really leading me forward? Where does it want to lead me to?
Thinking of this, Luo Zheng suddenly stopped in his tracks. However, the moment Luo Zheng stopped, the black shadow also stopped. It was about thirty meters in front of Luo Zheng. After the black shadow stopped, it seemed to have turned its head to look at Luo Zheng.
Separated by the thick Evil Qi, Luo Zheng might not be able to see what the black shadow was, but on the head of the black shadow, there was a pair of green eyes staring back at him. This still made Luo Zheng's hair stand on end. He couldn't help but want to immediately kill the black shadow, but it was too agile!
Luo Zheng and the black shadow confronted each other for a long time. The first thing he needed to figure out was what this black shadow was!
So Luo Zheng's legs quietly began to gather strength. If he wanted to catch this thing, he had to catch it by surprise.
After moving forward slightly and finding an angle, Luo Zheng suddenly burst out his potential and rushed toward the black shadow. But the moment he rushed out, the black shadow pulled away from Luo Zheng at an incredible speed. Its reaction was too fast.
＝＝＝＝＝