Luo Zheng sprinted forward like an arrow leaving the bow. His speed was extraordinarily fast!
The speed of the black shadow was not slow either. Through the eyes of the evil spirit, it disappeared in an instant. Apparently, it changed direction and sped forward at almost the same time.
The distance between the two did not decrease at all.
It was as if the black shadow had also practiced the Eight-Zigzag Flying Smoke and was able to keep the distance between them at about ten zhang.
Luo Zheng knew that it was impossible. The principle of the Eight-Zigzag Flying Smoke determined that the distance could not be too long. For example, Luo Zheng was now controlling the distance at three inches. If he continued to practice, it could reach five inches or even further. However, it was impossible to reach ten zhang.
As the black shadow chased after the black shadow one after the other, the surrounding landscape also changed.
Small circular holes appeared on the ground. These holes were about one meter wide, and baleful aura constantly spewed out from them. They were like geysers, but what was spewing out was not spring water, but baleful aura.
Because of this, the evil spirit became more and more intense. He could only see what was in front of him!
In this environment, Luo Zheng could not lock onto the black shadow at all. Soon, he was completely lost …
"I can't find it." Luo Zheng stopped.
Xun floated behind Luo Zheng. She looked around and said in shock, "I didn't expect there to be such a strange scene in the Killing Swords Mountain. How did it form?"
Xun's knowledge was definitely more profound than Luo Zheng's. Seeing the scene in front of her, she was also stunned.
"Pop, pop, pop …"
Clouds of evil spirit were like smoke rings being spat out by the giant mouth of a monster.
Having been in the Killing Swords Mountain for too long, Luo Zheng was infected by the evil spirit. He also felt restless.
"This is still not right. Is this evil spirit coming from the depths of the ground?" Unable to find the black shadow, Luo Zheng landed next to a small hole. Taking advantage of the small hole to rest, he stretched out his head and looked down.
It would have been better if he hadn't looked, but when he did, Luo Zheng saw a face.
To be precise, it was not a human face. It was like the face of a demon from the abyss. A pair of fangs covered the upper lip.
The eyes on that face were tightly shut, and it was motionless like a dead object.
Not long after, it opened its mouth!
The moment he opened his mouth, Luo Zheng retracted his head. Then, a thick column of murderous Qi gushed out of the hole.
"What did you see?" Xun was puzzled.
Luo Zheng pointed at the entrance of the cave with a strange expression. After the air column stopped, Xun also looked at the entrance of the cave.
At first glance, Xun's expression changed drastically. She was a Sword Spirit, so naturally, she would not be as pale as a real person, but Luo Zheng could read the fear in her eyes.
This kind of expression rarely appeared on Xun's face. Her Dao of Slaughter was extremely decisive, enough to resist any fear in her heart. However, at this moment, Luo Zheng knew that Xun was a little scared …
"How is this possible …" Xun murmured, and then glanced around. "Are these things all in these small holes?"
Luo Zheng also glanced at another small hole. "It should be. What are these things?"
Xun thought for a while, then pursed her lips and shook her head. "I've only seen them once, and there should only be one of them. Why are there so many buried at the bottom of the Slaughter Sword Mountain … Is it related to the catastrophe of the world …"
"What on earth are they?" Luo Zheng was very curious.
"I can't tell you now." Xun stared at Luo Zheng and continued shaking her head.
Xun was a straightforward person. Since the first day she spoke, she had been very frank with Luo Zheng, without any concealment.
"What are these things related to? You can't tell me? " Luo Zheng stared at Xun in a daze. He also felt that after he returned from the Dream Battlefield, Xun's temperament seemed to have changed. She became more real, but at the same time, she became more indifferent to Luo Zheng …
"Let's keep moving forward." Xun also knew what Luo Zheng was thinking, but she didn't want to explain.
Luo Zheng had no choice but to continue exploring this area. Because he had to avoid the Evil Qi columns gushing out from the small holes, Luo Zheng could only slow down. He bypassed the Evil Qi columns one by one, and moved forward at a much slower speed.
After moving forward like this for a while, Luo Zheng finally found something serious in the hinterland of the Slaughter Sword Mountain.
It was a cyan palace …
At the entrance of the palace, there were two strange sculptures. They looked like two goats, but the goats' heads were carved extremely ferocious. Luo Zheng didn't know which culture they belonged to, but they were definitely not human.
Walking to the front of the sculptures, Luo Zheng looked at them. He stretched out his fingers and gently rubbed them. He found that the sculptures were very exquisite, but he didn't know what material they were made of. They had been standing here for many years without any signs of decay.
Looking up the stairs, the palace was pitch-black, like a monster's mouth. It was wide open, and quietly waiting for Luo Zheng.
Clenching the Thunder and Wind Divine Sword in his hand, Luo Zheng didn't hesitate.
All the fear came from his state of mind. Since he had already found this place, Luo Zheng had no reason to turn back. Even if it was a dragon's pool or a tiger's den, he had to go.
After Luo Zheng and Xun entered, a figure slowly appeared outside the palace. At the feet of this figure, there was a black shadow crawling on the ground. A pair of green eyes were very eye-catching in the darkness.
The figure appeared for a very short time. After noticing that Luo Zheng had entered the palace, it hid in a corner.
Luo Zheng walked around the palace. The evil aura here seemed to have lessened a lot. The restlessness that was originally affected by the evil aura also weakened a lot.
Although the evil aura had lessened, Luo Zheng found that the palace was dark. Even if he used the Clear Eyes Spirit Eyes, it didn't help much. With no other choice, Luo Zheng could only take out a Night Pearl for illumination.
"The Law of Darkness is scattered here, preventing the transmission of light," Xun reminded him from behind.
Luo Zheng nodded slightly. Holding the Night Pearl, he approached the side of the palace. The light reflected on the wall, and a huge mural appeared.
This mural was also carved. It seemed to be made of the same material as the "goat" sculpture outside. It was unknown how many years it had been there, but it was still vivid and lifelike …
"This is …"
Seeing the contents of the mural, Luo Zheng's eyes narrowed.
There were many strange creatures carved on the mural. There were big and small creatures, but Luo Zheng couldn't recognize most of them. However, he recognized the biggest one!
Luo Zheng had seen this giant beast when he entered the Scarlet Castle in the second stage. It was the huge statue of the ferocious beast at the entrance of the castle. However, when the statue crawled at the entrance of the castle, it gave many people a great sense of oppression.
On the mural, the giant beast was like a big ship. It opened its mouth and made a swallowing motion, wanting to swallow the countless creatures above.
Luo Zheng looked at the mural. As he walked forward, a second mural appeared.
On the second mural, the creatures were resisting with all their strength, as if they wanted to kill the giant beast. On the third mural, Luo Zheng only saw the giant beast. The other creatures had all disappeared.
This mural wasn't difficult to understand.
It seemed that many creatures resisted the giant beast, but in the end, they failed and were recorded on the mural.
From the lifelike carvings of the giant beast, those creatures should also be very realistic. However, when Luo Zheng looked carefully, he didn't find a single human.
In other words, there wasn't a single humanoid creature.
Most of the intelligent creatures in the universe had a deep relationship with the human race. There were the demon race, the demon race, the human race, the giant race, and so on.
They were nothing more than four limbs, a head, and a torso.
However, the creatures in the mural had very strange appearances. They were even stranger than some ferocious beasts.
This palace wasn't built by humans. Why was it hidden here?
Luo Zheng found that after entering the Slaughtering Swords Mountain, he couldn't explain a single thing he saw. Everything was strange.
Xun clearly knew something, but she chose not to answer.
Thinking of this, Luo Zheng stopped in the darkness and communicated with Qinglong in his mind.
"Qinglong, do you know what this is?"