Qinglong didn't respond to Luo Zheng. He still kept silent.
Luo Zheng was a bit depressed.
What on earth were these things related to?
Since he couldn't find the answer, Luo Zheng decided to explore by himself.
Therefore, he continued forward with the luminous pearl. Except for the wall paintings, the rest of the palace was empty.
Soon, he came to the back of the palace and stepped into another room. As soon as he stepped in, he seemed to step on something. There came a cracking sound.
"Bang …"
Immediately, a cloud of dust flew up.
Luo Zheng lowered the luminous pearl and found that he had stepped on a skeleton, a human skeleton.
These skeletons had been lying here for so many years that they had already become brittle. With one step, they turned into powder.
Luo Zheng's eyes flickered under the illumination of the light as he continued to move forward along the skeletal remains …
There was more than one skeleton here!
These skeletons were piled up in disorder, but most of them were intact, which meant that these people's corpses were intact before they died.
Or rather, all of them had died here …
The time it took for skeletons to decay was determined by the cultivation of the warriors.
To be able to enter the Slaughter Sword Mountain, the cultivations of the warriors were definitely not low. Ordinary warriors simply could not withstand the destruction of the Slaughter Qi, and would go crazy and die on the way.
Powerful warriors above the Spirit Sea Realm could turn their skeletons into Bone Jade after death, which could be stored for a long time.
However, Bone Jade was not indestructible. After a long time, the spirituality in the Bone Jade would be lost and it would also be catalyzed. It was just that this process took a long time. According to the cultivation of the warriors, it would take tens of thousands of years or even hundreds of thousands of years.
That was to say, these skeletons had been lying here for a very long time.
"Whoosh …"
Luo Zheng didn't want to step on these skeletons. He floated two inches above the ground and floated in the room.
The room at the back of the palace was not big. It was only fifty or sixty feet in both length and width. Luo Zheng circled around and found that this room didn't even have a window. Besides these skeletons, there seemed to be nothing here.
There was nothing meaningful here.
Luo Zheng's face was once again filled with confusion.
It was not easy for him to enter the Slaughter Sword Mountain. He did not want to return empty-handed.
This was completely different from Luo Zheng's previous judgment. Originally, he thought that there was a trial waiting for him to open in the Massacre Sword Mountain. Then, he would comprehend the most important part of the Severing Emotions Divine Way and become a Dao Child. Everything was so smooth and perfect.
But now, the situation was completely different from what he had imagined.
At least until now, Luo Zheng had not gained anything from it.
"The center, the center of those skeletons." Xun's figure floated gently, and the Holy Spear of Slaughter in her hand pointed downwards.
Only then did Luo Zheng see that there seemed to be a disc under these skeletons. The color of the disc was almost the same as the skeletons below. Although Luo Zheng had been searching carefully, he had accidentally missed this place.
"Thank you." Luo Zheng smiled at Xun.
"You're welcome," Kaoru replied.
Hearing Xun's answer, Luo Zheng's heart slightly pounded. This feeling of alienation made Luo Zheng very uncomfortable.
He really wanted to know what had happened to Kaoru.
During the time Luo Zheng was in the Illusory Battlefield, who had Kaoru communicated with?
It was difficult for her to communicate with others in the Immortal Mansion, and Luo Zheng had the authority to enter and exit the Immortal Mansion.
Mu Mingxue was very simple, and Kaoru would not talk to her about anything.
Shenzi Shenzi was immersed in refining, and probably would not even leave the refining workshop.
Qinglong?
When Luo Zheng entered the Illusory Battlefield and was locked in that light, Kaoru was able to communicate with Qinglong.
Thinking of Qinglong's silence just now, could it be that Qinglong had said something to Kaoru? Both Qinglong and Kaoru were people that Luo Zheng absolutely trusted, but it seemed that both of them were hiding something from him …
With so many doubts in his head, Luo Zheng was too lazy to pay attention to them. No matter what was under the room, he would go in and take a look first.
Luo Zheng stepped on the disk, and a "dong" sound echoed. The bottom of the disk was indeed empty!
A force gathered at the joint of his index finger, and with a hard knock, the surface of the disk shattered. Unable to bear the weight of Luo Zheng, he fell down with a loud bang, but he immediately stabilized his body!
Then he threw the Luminous Pearl in his hand into the dark room below.
A very strange scene appeared. The Luminous Pearl, which was originally flickering with light, instantly disappeared from Luo Zheng's eyes.
This Luminous Pearl could emit light on its own, and it lasted for a long time. After throwing it in, Luo Zheng heard a "bang" sound, presumably it hit the floor below.
The Luminous Pearl did not disappear, but Luo Zheng could no longer see it.
This meant that there was a strong law of darkness in the dark room below, which completely blocked all the light.
Luo Zheng tried to use his Clear Eyes Spirit Eyes to look down, but it was still dark, and he could not see anything.
Xun stood beside Luo Zheng, and did not give him any advice.
Luo Zheng gritted his teeth, turned over, and sank into the dark room …
The moment he entered, Luo Zheng could not see anything at all, not even his five fingers. When he raised his head, he could not see the faint light that originally existed above his head. In this absolute darkness, Luo Zheng was abnormally vigilant!
The Qi of Primal Chaos had already been poured into the Thunder and Wind Ghost Sword. As long as there was any movement around him, he would immediately launch a counterattack.
But he stood in place for a while, and there was no movement around him. Other than the sound of his own light breathing, the surroundings were silent.
"Xun?"
Luo Zheng called out.
"I'm here." Xun had obviously followed Luo Zheng down, and from the sound of her voice, she should be behind Luo Zheng.
"Can you see anything?" Luo Zheng asked.
"I can't see, but there must be something releasing a strong law of darkness here," Xun replied from behind.
Luo Zheng nodded, and realized that Xun could not see him, so he made a sound of acknowledgment, and slowly moved forward in the darkness …
Enemies that could not be seen were the most troublesome. Luo Zheng now understood this principle. From the moment he entered Sword Mountain, Luo Zheng had always felt that something was not right here. There was always something following him, but from beginning to end, Luo Zheng had never seen the true face of that thing.
In this dark room, he walked a distance of thirteen steps, and Luo Zheng firmly remembered every step.
If there was trouble, he could return to the disc in the shortest time possible and leave this dark room. Of course, if the situation was critical, he was afraid that he would directly break open this dark room.
Although he was very confident in his own strength, this place was strange everywhere, and Luo Zheng was not sure if he could break through here.
After walking thirty steps in this dark room, Luo Zheng suddenly heard a "zi zi zi" sound.
It was the sound of something scratching on the ground with its claws.
"Something is coming." In the darkness, Luo Zheng narrowed his eyes slightly, and finally closed them completely. Anyway, he could not see anything, and opening his eyes would create an illusion.
With his eyes closed, Luo Zheng released his perception to feel the movement outside.
Using his perception, Luo Zheng could also draw the surrounding scene in his mind, but as soon as he released his perception, it seemed to hit an invisible force and was immediately bounced back …
"My perception is also blocked!"
Luo Zheng knew that this was bad, and then he heard the "zi zi" sound become louder and louder. That thing should be getting closer and closer to him!
"Whoosh whoosh whoosh!"
In a hurry, Luo Zheng instantly stabbed out several times with his sword!
The sword light should have been incomparably dazzling, but at this moment, all the light was immersed in the law of darkness, and did not emit the slightest bit of light.
What was even worse was that at the instant he slashed out with his sword, he heard a few clear and melodious sounds coming from his sword!
"Ding ding ding ding …"
Along with the crisp sound, several extremely sharp auras shot past him from his front, back, left, and right.
Rebound!
What were the walls of this dark room made of?
Luo Zheng could not see clearly, but he knew that if the sword light he stabbed out were to hit him, it would definitely cause a lot of trouble, and might even take his life. What was worse was the sword light he stabbed out.
In a panic, Luo Zheng activated the Eight Zigzags Flying Smoke and stood quietly in place.
If he dodged at will, it would only be more dangerous if he could not see clearly.
Feeling the fluctuations of energy around him, Luo Zheng was like a lone boat drifting in the water, and could avoid the path of the sword light in advance.
But this kind of dodging also had a limit. If the sword light went straight for Luo Zheng's face, with Luo Zheng's current stage of cultivating the Eight Zigzags Flying Smoke, he would not be able to completely avoid it, and would be able to break through the three-inch boundary in an instant.