The situation in the dark room suddenly became chaotic.
Some unknown things were approaching, but they were unable to dodge Luo Zheng's sword aura. After being penetrated, there was an ear-piercing sizzling sound.
Soon after, Xun also launched her attack. At the same time, there was the sound of light footsteps not far away!
Xun let out a cry, as if she was fighting with someone in the dark.
"Bang, bang!"
In the midst of the chaos, Luo Zheng felt the ground beneath his feet become empty, and he fell rapidly!
Just as Luo Zheng was about to stabilize his body, he felt a huge force pulling him in one direction. Soon after, there were threads wrapped around his body.
He wanted to struggle, but these threads were extremely soft and resilient!
"Crackle!"
The lightning on the Dark Thunder Wind Divine Sword had just begun to brew when it was pushed away by something. With a clang, the sword fell to the ground!
Soon after, the surrounding dark laws dissipated, and Luo Zheng discovered that he was lying on a huge spider web.
The web was bright gold, as if gold had been pulled into golden threads. Many of the threads were wrapped around his body, firmly binding him to the web.
Not far away, there was a hexagonal seal, and Xun was sitting in the middle of the seal, hugging her Sacred Spear!
At this moment, Luo Zheng realized that he had fallen into a trap.
Luo Zheng suddenly twisted his body, trying to break free from the golden spider web. However, his strength was not effective against this kind of flexible spider web. Of course, it could also be that Luo Zheng's strength was not enough. His current strength was still top-notch among those of the same level, but it might not be enough to face some true powerhouses.
As he continued to struggle, the golden spider web increased in number, binding Luo Zheng tighter and tighter.
Xun hugged the Sacred Spear of Slaughter, and her expression was very calm. That calmness even made Luo Zheng feel a little strange.
"Pa, pa, pa …"
At this moment, the sound of footsteps could be heard again.
Luo Zheng Mi looked in the direction of the voice and saw a black figure. There was also a small black figure on the figure's shoulder. The pair of green eyes emitted a light that made people feel uncomfortable.
When the figure walked closer, Luo Zheng suddenly frowned and said coldly, "Villa Master Bi."
At this moment, Bi Feiyu seemed to have changed into a different person. When he heard Luo Zheng's voice, he only chuckled and did not answer.
"Where is Mu Mingxue?" Luo Zheng frowned.
"Dead," Villa Master Bi replied straightforwardly.
"Huhu …"
A flame of anger rose in Luo Zheng's heart, and a huge aura burst out of his body.
Luo Zheng had his guard up against the Sword Manor. Before entering the Killing Sword Mountain, Luo Zheng had hesitated to bring Mu Mingxue in. However, Bi Feiyu had repeatedly emphasized that only he could enter the Killing Sword Mountain, so he had left Mu Mingxue outside.
"Don't worry, he's probably lying to you," Xun said calmly. "He won't kill Mu Mingxue in front of his subordinates. Besides, Mu Mingxue is not important. She's too easy to deal with."
Hearing Xun's words, Luo Zheng's expression calmed down a little.
Bi Feiyu had a smug smile on his face. "As expected, you're still too young. I've said it before, letting a group of children carry the burden is simply nonsense."
Whether it was Luo Zheng or Xuanyuan Chenfeng, these Dao children were indeed outstanding, but in the eyes of these Realm Masters who had lived for countless years, they were undoubtedly just children. They were too immature.
Xun replied indifferently, "You don't have such a fate. Let alone you, even if you were a Celestial Venerable, you still wouldn't have such a fate."
"I don't believe in fate." Bi Feiyu slowly walked up. Golden threads began to appear under his feet, and those golden threads weaved into layers of steps. He stepped on those steps and walked up leisurely.
"Besides, even if I don't have such a fate, I should have it in a while," Bi Feiyu added.
"Roar —"
After saying that, the black shadow on his shoulder raised its head and roared.
Only then did Luo Zheng clearly see that it was a pure black leopard. However, it wasn't an ordinary leopard. It should be some kind of extremely powerful Vicious Beast. The black shadow that Luo Zheng had chased before should be this leopard that wasn't much bigger than a cat …
"What are you trying to do?" Luo Zheng said angrily.
"Can't you see? I've been waiting all this time. I've been waiting for a long time … "Bi Feiyu smiled sinisterly. With a wave of his hand, the Law of Darkness not far away continued to recede. From a depression in the darkness, a tab was pulled out. Bi Feiyu reached out and pulled out the tab.
The moment the tab was pulled out, a loud rumbling sound came from the distant darkness, as if countless boulders were moving. At this moment, all of the Law of Darkness disappeared without a trace. What appeared in front of Luo Zheng was a vast space.
In the distance, there were some slender things, like dried fish, hanging from the top by golden threads.
Those things had red skin, and their hands and feet were not proportional to their bodies. After their necks were tied up by the golden threads, their heads were stuffed into a cave.
These things should be the faces of these monsters that Luo Zheng had seen in that small hole …
"You want to accept the inheritance of the Sword-fighting Empyrean on my behalf?" Luo Zheng was not an idiot. At this moment, he finally understood this part.
Bi Feiyu waited for the moving stone pillars to stop, then pulled on another stone pillar. Following that, another rumbling sound came, as if there were countless mechanisms in this space.
As he was busy, Bi Feiyu replied, "This is an obvious thing. There are some things that you should not complete."
Luo Zheng's eyebrows slightly raised …
What exactly was the inheritance of the Sword-fighting Empyrean?
Previously, Luo Zheng had thought that it was just a trial. Now, it seemed that the situation was not as simple as he had thought.
Even Xun's actions were very strange. There seemed to be something extremely important within.
But no matter if it was important or not, it had nothing to do with Luo Zheng's goal. His goal was only to complete his Emotion Severing Divine Dao.
Xun was trapped in the hexagon seal. At this moment, she coldly laughed and shook her head, "It's not that Luo Zheng is naive, it's that you are too naive. Some things do not exist just because you don't believe in them. You are only a small character, and cannot change anything …"
"Sou!"
Just as Xun's voice fell, an extremely sharp sword beam shot out from Bi Feiyu's hand. He was actually using his finger as a sword, but the power was extremely terrifying!
As expected of a great realm lord.
If this sword beam landed on Luo Zheng's body, Luo Zheng would definitely have no way to survive.
But this sword beam did not slash towards Luo Zheng. Instead, it went straight for Xun who was trapped in the hexagon seal!
The sword beam slashed across, and Xun's arm was instantly cut off from the base. It turned into specks of red light, and then condensed back into an arm …
Because Xun was a sword spirit body, she did not suffer too much damage, but Xun's face turned ugly.
As long as Bi Feiyu wanted to, he could completely destroy Xun's soul. After Xun's soul recovered, her strength increased greatly, but she was still unable to fight against a realm lord. Moreover, Bi Feiyu had the strength of a great realm lord.
Bi Feiyu laughed coldly, "Whether I have it or not, I will only know after I try. Moreover, for this day, I have studied this broken place for countless years! In my arrangements, there are no loopholes, and there is no reason for failure! "
Xun did not speak anymore, and only coldly looked at Bi Feiyu.
Luo Zheng also understood that Bi Feiyu was very clear that the inheritance of the Sword-fighting Sky Sovereign was at the bottom of the Killing Sword Mountain. At the same time, it was not the first time he entered the Killing Sword Mountain. Clearly, he had already disobeyed Chen Huang Yi Jian's orders.
His scheme was Chen Huang Yi Jian's inheritance.
But from the looks of it, this inheritance was definitely not a trial. Otherwise, Bi Feiyu would not have placed so much importance on it …
Then what was it?
Xun seemed to know a little, but she refused to say anything.
Luo Zheng's face revealed a depressed expression. He could only be trapped here and watch Bi Feiyu busying himself up and down.
"Sizzle, sizzle, sizzle …"
When Bi Feiyu activated another mechanism, the crawling sound rang out again. However, this time, the crawling sound was even more concentrated, as if there were countless small things crawling forward quickly from all directions.
Very quickly, Luo Zheng saw a shocking scene.
From the cracks in the surrounding space, a large number of small spiders appeared. Those small spiders were dark red in color. It was like a sea of spiders, spreading towards Luo Zheng.
＝＝＝＝＝