Only an Empyrean's body appeared in front of him. To Bi Feiyu, it did not cause any trouble.
Although his expression was puzzled, it was filled with certainty. After planning for so long, Bi Feiyu had a strong determination.
Bi Feiyu was one of the first people to follow the Sword-fighting Empyrean.
The origin of the Sword-fighting Empyrean was a mystery, and the process of becoming an Empyrean was also a mystery.
Logically speaking, it was impossible for a power like the Sword Villa to give birth to an Empyrean.
The reason was simple.
The Crown of Destiny in the universe was monopolized by those great powers.
Several factions of the Demon Night Clan, Demon Clan, Gods Without Thoughts, Ten Thousand Buddha Sacred Region …
The difference in strength between an Empyrean and a Realm Master was very large. Even if some weak powers obtained the Crown of Destiny, they would not have the time to bear the Mandate of Heaven.
In most cases, it would be directly "confiscated" by the large powers. The weak powers simply did not have the power to resist.
Therefore, once an Empyrean appeared in a certain race, it meant that this power had entered the mainstream.
The Sword Villa only became a mainstream power in the universe because Chen Huang Yijian had become an Empyrean.
At that time, a Demon Clan Empyrean had fallen in the universe. After the Crown of Destiny disappeared, it would immediately appear anywhere in the universe. The Demon Clan would definitely do their best to snatch back the new Crown of Destiny …
Almost every faction participated in the fight for the Crown of Destiny, but in the end, the Crown of Destiny was inherited by Chen Huang Yijian. No one knew what method Chen Huang Yijian used to make the various large clans stop fighting. Even the Devil Race did not attack Chen Huang Yijian. After all, it was the Devil Race's lost Crown of Destiny.
Bi Feiyu really could not think of any reason that could convince the Demon Clan, or even the many powers outside of the Demon Clan!
At that time, it was not only Bi Feiyu who was puzzled. Some of the Empyrean powerhouses in the universe who did not participate in the fight had also voiced their doubts through the roar command.
However, those who participated in the fight for the Crown of Destiny, without exception, all of them remained silent …
Bi Feiyu could not think of a reason, but he came to his own conclusion.
That reason must be very shocking, and the value of the reason was definitely greater than a Crown of Destiny. Then, in this universe, what was more valuable than the Crown of Destiny?
The Heavenly Mandate Crown was the pinnacle of the universe. Becoming a Celestial Venerable was the 128 strongest people in the universe.
Therefore, at that time, Bi Feiyu, who was only a deacon of the Sword Manor, had a seed of curiosity planted in his heart. Now, this seed had grown into a towering tree in his heart. It was a tree of greed. He had to find the answer.
Back then, before the Sword-fighting Empyrean left, he seemed to have already gained the understanding of foresight. He knew that he would fall, so he arranged his own affairs in advance and placed his inheritance at the bottom of the Killing Sword Mountain.
At that time, Bi Feiyu had already become the Vice Manor Lord and was Chen Huang Yijian's most important subordinate. That was why he was the Acting Manor Lord, waiting for the person with the Wen Qing Sword Heart to appear.
After that, Empyrean Yi Jian disappeared, becoming an eternal mystery.
From the moment Heavenly Venerable Yi Jian disappeared, Bi Feiyu had been trying to open the things left behind by Heavenly Venerable Yi Jian.
The first door was not difficult to enter, or rather, the Sword-fighting Empyrean did not encrypt it in front of the first door. In a month's time, Bi Feiyu had entered the Killing Sword Mountain.
Originally, he thought that everything would be smooth sailing, but he was stuck in front of the second door.
He was unable to destroy the door guarded by the Thousand Feet Hidden Spider. This kind of spider came from hell, and that was a time that Bi Feiyu himself had never been to.
He tried to step in from the side of the door, but he was still unable to succeed. The space around the door was completely folded, and that was an extremely brilliant method. There were no loopholes, and Bi Feiyu was unable to enter.
Therefore, he could only choose to wait. In the end, he waited for this day.
When he saw the Sword-fighting Empyrean, he was indeed very confused and nervous, but he was even more excited. The mystery had finally been revealed.
The Thousand Feet Hidden Spider threw Luo Zheng in front of the Sword-fighting Empyrean, and then quietly disappeared.
Luo Zheng crawled up from the ground, his face was also filled with a strange expression, he had no idea what he should do. Looking at Chen Huang Yijian's corpse, Luo Zheng's face was also filled with confusion, it couldn't be that he had to kneel down and take him as his master?
However, just as Luo Zheng moved, Chen Huang Yijian's corpse suddenly moved.
With this movement, Luo Zheng immediately stopped in his tracks. Even if an Empyrean expert was dead, he could not be underestimated. If Chen Huang Yijian had set up some kind of trap, it was enough for Luo Zheng to die a hundred times.
Not only Luo Zheng, but Bi Feiyu also trembled as he looked around vigilantly.
Chen Huang Yijian's corpse slowly raised its arm, extended its gray finger, and pointed behind Luo Zheng.
The mountain rocks behind Luo Zheng trembled, and a jade-green pool appeared. A faint light appeared in the pool, and it was a broken sword. It could also be said to be a sword hilt.
There was not much left of the broken sword on the sword hilt, and it was less than half an inch tall. This broken sword looked very strange, as if it was not broken by someone. More than half of the sword's body had melted away.
There was still a faint light floating above the sword's body, and it seemed to be melting down, but the melting speed was not fast.
"What is this?" Luo Zheng was stunned. He could not understand the meaning of this broken sword appearing here.
Bi Feiyu's eyes flickered, and the long sword was already pointed at Luo Zheng. "Take out this broken sword!" Bi Feiyu was very vigilant. This place was already strange enough, and this broken sword would not be easy to obtain.
Luo Zheng's brows furrowed slightly. There seemed to be nothing wrong with the clear water in the pool.
However, just as Luo Zheng's finger touched the surface of the pool, there was a sizzling sound, and a heart-wrenching pain. Half of Luo Zheng's finger was already pitch-black …
"This is … corrosion!" Luo Zheng's eyes narrowed slightly.
Bi Feiyu's face also sank. "Tai Qing Water!"
"Luo Zheng, don't use your hands. This thing can corrode everything!" Seeing this scene, Xun also frowned. Luo Zheng was not afraid of strong poison, but this Tai Qing Water was not poisonous. It only had a strong corrosive power …
Seeing Bi Feiyu's long sword pointing at him, Luo Zheng took out an immortal weapon and stabbed it into the pool of water, trying to fish out the broken sword.
However, just as the broken sword entered the Tai Qing Water, potholes appeared on the sword's body. When the immortal weapon was completely submerged, it directly disappeared in the Tai Qing Water. The corrosive power of this pool of clear water was beyond Luo Zheng's imagination.
"I don't have much patience. Just use your hands to take it out." Bi Feiyu sneered. With a sudden shake of his long sword, his shoulder directly pierced through Luo Zheng's shoulder. Immediately, blood blossomed.
Facing Bi Feiyu, Luo Zheng had no room to resist. However, looking at the Tai Qing Water, a trace of hesitation appeared on Luo Zheng's face.
"Humph." Bi Feiyu did not give Luo Zheng any time to think. He backhanded his sword and directly hit Xun.
Xun's sword spirit body was instantly scattered and turned into little red lights. After a long time, it condensed back into a human form. Even with the sword spirit body, Luo Zheng could feel that Xun was seriously injured. Bi Feiyu's sword seemed to contain the power to destroy the soul.
Luo Zheng's face sank. He clenched his teeth and could only reach down with his hands!
"Sizzle …"
The moment his hands reached down, the flesh on Luo Zheng's hands disappeared at a visible speed. The corrosive power of this Tai Qing Water could be seen at a glance!
He felt as if his hands were being burned by a raging fire, and an intense pain was transmitted from his hands.
When Luo Zheng's hands grabbed the short sword, the flesh on his hands had completely disappeared, leaving only the bones …
"Swish!"
At this moment, Luo Zheng grabbed the short sword and threw it out of the pool!
"Whoosh!"
Before Luo Zheng could even react, Bi Feiyu appeared in a flash like a ghost. Several sword beams struck the short sword, shaking off the clear water that was stained on the sword. Then, he took the broken sword in his hand and sized it up.
This was the inheritance of the Sword-fighting Empyrean? Bi Feiyu's heart was filled with ecstasy.
"That doesn't belong to you. Give it to Luo Zheng." A strange voice sounded out.
This voice was a bit old, and it came from the direction of the corpse. Bi Feiyu was shocked, Chen Huangyi's corpse was placed here, and it was a huge pressure on Bi Feiyu. Almost at the same time the voice sounded, the sword in his hand had already slashed out!
The sword gleam slashed towards the corpse. Just as the sword gleam was about to reach Chen Huangyi's sword, the sword gleam began to fold. The originally sharp sword gleam was like a folded piece of paper. It kept folding in space until it finally dissipated into nothingness.
Bi Feiyu was very clear that there weren't many people in the universe who could so easily resolve his sword attack. Aside from the few Empyreans and Great Realm Lords, no one else could do it.
His heart trembled. He chose to take the broken sword and retreat. All the secrets must be in this broken sword. As long as this broken sword was in his hands, he would be able to figure it out …
"Whoosh!"
Wind blew under his feet as he stepped on a profound sword step. This step was many times more profound than the sword step that Luo Zheng had comprehended!
However, after sliding for less than ten meters, he was frozen in the air.
An invisible force restrained him, causing him to be unable to move at all!
Xun looked at Bi Feiyu with an indifferent gaze. She had expected someone to make a move, but she didn't expect the person to be so powerful. He was probably not an ordinary Empyrean …
Bi Feiyu's face was filled with fear. He struggled with all his might in that force, but this force was not something he could resist!
"Who is it, who is it!"
In the end, Chen Huangyi had already passed away. He might have set up some powerful methods, but he definitely couldn't control Bi Feiyu to this extent.
A faint figure quietly appeared and stood behind Chen Huang Yijian.