Apotheosis – Ascension to Godhood
Vol.6

Chapter 501
In the history of the Central Domain, Feng Guanyu was the one with the highest attainments in runes. The Sect Protecting Grand Array he had drawn was still in service in the Void Spirit Sect, playing a huge role.
The Sect Protecting Grand Array of the Void Spirit Sect was enough to withstand the attack of a False Tribulation Realm martial artist. If the Sect Protecting Grand Array was controlled by six martial artists, regardless of their strength, as long as they understood the principles behind the Sect Protecting Grand Array, they could even kill a False Tribulation Realm martial artist!
Such a Sect Protecting Grand Array was of little value to martial artists who didn't establish their own sect. However, to a sect, its value was enormous. It was even more important than a saint artifact!
However, ever since Feng Guanyu's death, no one in the world had a perfect brush stroke. Even if a new Sect Protecting Grand Array of the Void Spirit Sect was set up, the effect would still be far from meeting the requirements.
No one would have thought that Luo Zheng, who was in front of them, would only change a hundred or so runes, and be able to make the barrier of the arena reach such power. It could even withstand a punch from a Life and Death Realm martial artist. Was this guy really drawing runes? If it was a rune, what kind of rune could stimulate the energy to condense such a powerful barrier?
What Luo Zheng drew was, of course, not runes, but divine runes.
The sect masters of the Central Domain naturally couldn't imagine the power of divine runes.
In the True Dragon World, the Great Thousand Treasure Array drawn by Qinglong could even withstand the attack of a Super Divine Beast!
However, in the Central Domain, due to the limitations of materials, Luo Zheng naturally couldn't draw the Great Thousand Treasure Array. Moreover, Luo Zheng didn't have the strength to draw a nine star rune, or even a ten star rune.
Seeing his attack blocked by the light barrier of the arena, Cui Xie was more surprised than anyone else. Seeing the tip of Luo Zheng's sword pressed against Si Miaoling's neck, he coldly said, "I'm not interested in negotiating with an ant, but you're an exception. Speak, what do you want?"
In Cui Xie's view, Luo Zheng had enough time to kill Si Miaoling, but he still didn't kill her. He must have some purpose.
Luo Zheng narrowed his eyes and looked behind Cui Xie. He said coldly, "Release Luo Yan."
Hearing Luo Zheng's words, Cui Xie was finally stunned. There were very few things that could make Cui Xie stunned. After a while, Cui Xie said with a complicated expression, "I remember, I've seen you before …"
At this moment, Cui Xie finally remembered that he had met Luo Zheng once at the Blue Cloud Sect!
In fact, Cui Xie should have thought of this from the beginning. However, with his status, he didn't care about Luo Zheng at all. After Luo Zheng broke Cui Yun's Heart of Martial Arts, Cui Xie's heart was filled with anger. All he wanted was to take revenge for Si Miaoling!
However, he neglected the fact that Luo Zheng had come straight for Si Miaoling. His goal was the same as Ao Xiang's.
In fact, what surprised Cui Xie the most was that the young man he had glanced at at at the Blue Cloud Sect had actually grown to this point in less than a year. Moreover, he had even found an opportunity to coerce Cui Xie into letting go of his sister. This was simply inconceivable!
"Ha, ha … I really don't understand. I, Cui Xie, just took away two girls, but these juniors still came looking for trouble with me. Is it because I'm not worthy of my title as the strongest man in the Central Domain? Am I too easy to bully?" Cui Xie suddenly said with a self-mocking smile.
"No," Luo Zheng said with a serious expression, "It's because you took away my sister."
Although Luo Zheng's words sounded calm, it was like a sudden clap of thunder in the minds of many cultivators.
His words were simply too arrogant …
Just because she was his sister, Cui Xie had to pay such a price?
Saying something like this in front of Cui Xie, wasn't he just courting death?
Many cultivators couldn't think straight anymore. Most of them were thinking the same thing in their minds.
How big was the gap between the Divine Reflection realm and the Life and Death realm? It was a gap of two whole realms, and the gap between them was the Divine Core realm and the False Tribulation realm. This was no longer the gap between an ant and an elephant, it was the gap between a mortal and an immortal!
Cui Xie stared at Luo Zheng with a sharp gaze. He was so angry that he started laughing. "Looks like you're even more arrogant than me! What if I don't let Luo Yan go? "
"She'll die." Luo Zheng said calmly. The longsword in his hand trembled a little.
"You dare kill her?" Cui Xie's expression darkened.
"Why wouldn't I?" Luo Zheng had promised Luo Yan that he would save her. If Si Miaoling didn't die, once the Six Senses Sealing Art was removed, Luo Yan would definitely be tortured by Cui Xie. Therefore, either Luo Yan was saved, or Si Miaoling was killed. There was no third possibility.
"Eastern Evil Lord, why don't we just let this matter go? After all, Luo Yan is his sister … "The Sect Chief of the Black Mountain Sect, Hei Ya, suddenly said.
Madame Poison Blood also spoke with a soft voice, "Brother Cui, this isn't a life and death grudge. It's understandable that Luo Zheng wants to take his sister away."
Both Sect Chiefs jumped out at this moment. Their purpose was simple, they wanted to side with Luo Yan. If they could convince Cui Xie to let Luo Yan go, they would be able to openly ask Luo Zheng to construct a Sect Protecting Grand Formation for their sect. With such a Sect Protecting Grand Formation, it would bring endless benefits to their sect. Perhaps, it wouldn't take them long to develop from a Fourth Grade Sect to a Fifth Grade Sect!
"Both of you, shut up!" Cui Xie scolded with a cold voice.
After being scolded by Cui Xie, Madame Poison Blood and Hei Ya immediately stopped talking. Although they were both experts at the Late Stage of the False Tribulation Realm, they were still not strong enough in front of Cui Xie.
Cui Xie waved his hand and pulled Luo Yan, who was standing there like a block of wood, over. He put his big hand on Luo Yan's delicate neck and said, "Luo Zheng, if you let Si Miaoling go, after I take Luo Yan's Primordial Yin, I can return your sister to you unscathed. What do you think?"
Luo Zheng's eyelids drooped. After a while, he raised his head and suddenly laughed loudly, "Hahaha!"
"What do you mean?" Cui Xie asked.
Luo Zheng pointed at him and said angrily, "You're dreaming! You took away a woman's most precious thing, and you want to return it to me unscathed? What a 'unscathed'! Hahaha! "
Hearing Luo Zheng's wild laughter, Cui Xie's face became gloomy, "Otherwise, after my Great Demonic Joyous Union Array, she will die a miserable death! After I ravage her, I will burn her bones and scatter her ashes! "
After saying that, he tightened his grip on Luo Yan's neck. However, Luo Yan was still as motionless as a block of wood. Her six senses had been sealed. She couldn't hear, see, smell, or even touch her skin. She was completely sealed.
"Miserable? So what if I kill her? "
Luo Zheng's eyes flashed with a dangerous glint. He shook the sword in his hand, and with a flash of sword light, a stream of blood suddenly shot out from Si Miaoling's neck. He actually killed Si Miaoling with a single sword strike!
"You!" Seeing Luo Zheng kill Si Miaoling, Cui Xie's eyes almost split open. He never thought that this kid would have such guts!
Seeing Luo Zheng kill Si Miaoling in front of all the Sect Masters, their hearts skipped a beat.
Daoist Priest Qing Xu sighed inwardly. 'This is bad!'
The three Alliance Masters revealed bitter expressions. Today's matter couldn't be resolved peacefully! The three instantly arrived in front of the stage. Ning Yudie also walked down the stage. Cold Qi flickered around her body. Obviously, she had already entered battle mode.
In the stands, some of the more astute martial artists turned around and ran …
The aftershock of a False Tribulation Realm powerhouse's attack was enough to shatter these martial artists. Now that the number one person in the Central Domain, a Life and Death Realm powerhouse, was about to make a move, how could they continue? If they fought, even the slightest aftershock would be enough to kill a large number of people. If they didn't run now, when would they run?
"Luo Zheng was too impulsive. He shouldn't have killed Si Miaoling," Pei Tianyao shook his head.
Red Maple curled his lips, "I can only say that this guy is too fierce. He really dared to kill Si Miaoling. He's simply throwing caution to the wind. Is there anyone fiercer than him in this world?"
Hua Tianming thoughtfully said, "If it were me, I would also kill her."
"Why?" Pei Tianyao asked, puzzled.
"If he killed Si Miaoling, Cui Xie's Heavenly Demon Joyous Union Array would have one less person. It would take him a lot of time to find the next Extreme Violet Yin Body woman who also needs to maintain her virginity. It might take a year, ten years, or even a hundred years. As long as he can fight for this time, he will have a chance to defeat Cui Xie," Hua Tianming said seriously, "And today, Luo Zheng might not necessarily fall into a dead end."
＝＝＝＝＝

Chapter 502
In the world of martial artists, the law of the jungle was like a golden rule. It was reflected in all aspects.
If you were strong enough, then you were the sky. If you were strong enough, then everyone would bow down to you. If you were strong enough, then even if you called a deer a horse, or inverted black and white, there would still be people who would agree with you!
All money, power, and status needed to be protected by strong strength.
If a martial artist had an Extreme Purple Yin Body sister, then he would most likely be willing to offer her to Cui Xie. As long as he could ask for Cui Xie's protection, or even a little reward, then he would benefit immensely.
But today, Luo Zheng, who was as weak as an ant, was standing in the dilapidated arena. Yet, he had proven two words: dignity!
Even if Cui Xie was the strongest person in the Central Domain, Luo Zheng didn't show any signs of bowing down. When he killed Si Miaoling, he didn't hesitate at all.
Facing the furious Cui Xie, Luo Zheng's face didn't show the slightest ripple. His eyes were fixed on Luo Yan, the sister he cared about the most.
The wind was getting stronger and stronger.
The Yuan Qi of heaven and earth was also restless.
"Hualala …"
The basalt rock under Cui Xie's feet was already full of cracks. At this moment, it was collapsing circle by circle.
A torrential killing intent was brewing in Cui Xie's body. It was like a volcano that was about to erupt. Luo Yan's face was a little red because Cui Xie's hand was unconsciously strangling her neck. In order to take in more air, her chest was rapidly rising and falling.
Cui Xie didn't think that Luo Zheng would really dare to kill Si Miaoling. This kid didn't seem to know what fear was.
The dignified number one person in the Central Domain, a Life and Death Realm expert who had survived three life and death tribulations, was unexpectedly defeated by a Divine Reflection Realm kid! His bone age was only 18 years old. To Cui Xie, who had lived for hundreds of years, he was as young as a baby!
Cui Xie really wanted to squeeze Luo Yan's neck. If he exerted a little bit of force, Luo Yan's fragile neck would be crushed by him. However, he had already spent several decades gathering the three Extreme Violet Yin Bodies.
Si Miaoling was dead. If he killed Luo Yan as well, who knew how long he would have to wait for the Great Heavenly Demon Joyous Union Array …
In the Life and Death Realm, one would have to face the tribulation of life and death. The Great Sky Demon Joyous Union Array was the foundation for him to break through the Life and Death Realm and reach the Divine Sea Realm. If he couldn't gather three Extreme Purple Yin Bodies, he would most likely die under one of the heavenly tribulations, never to reach the Divine Sea Realm in this lifetime!
"Since you killed Si Miaoling, then you should also die!" Cui Xie put Luo Yan aside and directly stepped down from the high platform. He walked in the air and walked towards the arena.
"Brother Cui Xie, please think twice about this!" Shi Kefan's face no longer had that playful smile on it.
"Those who stop me will die," Cui Xie coldly said as he walked in the air with heavy steps.
"Weng weng weng …"
A several zhang high ice wall appeared at the edge of the arena. The Profound Ice Halberd was placed behind Ning Yudie. Her face was filled with determination. "Luo Zheng is my Cloud Hall's disciple."
Cui Xie sneered as he looked at Ning Yudie. "Little girl, I advise you to step aside. You … aren't enough for me to beat!"
"So what?" Ning Yudie didn't show the slightest bit of fear. An Ice Phoenix flew over from the distance and stopped on Ning Yudie's shoulder. That Ice Phoenix also looked at Cui Xie with vigilance.
"If my disciple isn't enough for you to beat, then I'm afraid I'm not enough for you to beat either, right?" An old voice sounded. Then, a stooped figure appeared in the air and walked over with a cane. This old woman's steps were very slow, but her speed was very fast. In just a few steps, she was already standing in front of Ning Yudie.
"Master …" Seeing her master come over, Ning Yudie timidly shouted.
The old woman fiercely glared at Ning Yudie. In fact, the old woman was very dissatisfied with Ning Yudie's actions. After all, Ning Yudie's actions were tantamount to following Luo Zheng and bringing the entire Cloud Hall into the fire pit!
However, Ning Yudie was her beloved disciple. She didn't care about Luo Zheng's life or death, but she couldn't let anything happen to Ning Yudie.
"Granny Yu," Cui Xie shook his head, "You are indeed not enough for me to beat."
Ning Yudie's master, the previous Hall Master of the Cloud Hall, was also a Life and Death Realm expert. However, Granny Yu had only gone through one Heavenly Tribulation after entering the Life and Death Realm. Moreover, she was old and her Qi and blood were declining. She was no match for Cui Xie.
Just as they were confronting each other, another voice that was even older than Granny Yu's sounded, "In the Martial Arts Conference, life and death are up to fate. This is the rule set by our World Business Alliance for hundreds of years. Cui Xie, don't tell me you don't know this rule?"
Why did Cui Xie walk so slowly?
His goal was to test the waters.
The only people present who could make Cui Xie have some scruples was Granny Yu, and the other was the 1,700-year-old giant from the World Business Alliance!
As for Daoist Qing Xu and the Master of the Mysterious Yin Mansion, they might be a little troublesome for Cui Xie. However, this matter had nothing to do with their Sects, so they wouldn't interfere.
He didn't expect that the ancient giant from the World Business Alliance would still appear.
Cui Xie's brows wrinkled.
If it was a one-on-one fight, he was confident that he could win against these fourth-grade Sect Masters, fifth-grade Sect Masters, and even the ancient giant from the World Business Alliance. However, if he had to deal with these people alone …
Even if the three fat Alliance Masters worked together, Cui Xie would still have some trouble, not to mention Granny Yu and that 1,000-year-old monster.
"You don't have to pay the price for killing my people?" Cui Xie said indifferently. He was indeed the number one person in the Central Domain, but in the face of Tianqi City, which was surrounded by experts, he had no choice but to admit defeat!
"A debt of blood must be paid in blood. However, don't settle your conflict in Tianqi City. Outside of Tianqi City, no one will stop you." The old man from the World Business Alliance sat cross-legged, floating in the air. This old man was dressed very plainly, with only a plain white robe. Moreover, this white robe had many patches, as if it was an old robe that had been worn for many years.
"Is that so?" Cui Xie sneered. Suddenly, he stared at Ning Yudie and said with a smile, "I'm very interested in destroying the Cloud Hall. What do you think?"
"That's your own business," the old man replied.
"Okay." Cui Xie turned around and ordered two servants to collect Si Miaoling's body on the stage. Then, he took Luo Yan and another woman and was about to leave.
"Wait." Luo Zheng's voice sounded again.
Cui Xie turned his head and stared at Luo Zheng.
"You won't kill Luo Yan, right?" Luo Zheng asked.
Cui Xie sneered but didn't answer. It seemed that Luo Zheng wasn't qualified to ask him this question.
He left, but the pressure was still there.
Cui Xie was all alone. The Cloud Hall and the World Business Alliance had offended him today, so they were afraid that they would have to face his revenge.
Was it worth it for a little Divine Reflection Stage guy? Everyone thought about this matter at the same time.
After Elder Xiao removed the light barrier, he looked at the messy stage with an ugly expression. The stage was already ruined to this extent. Was the next battle still going to continue?
However, just as he removed the light barrier, Granny Yu staggered forward. With this step, Granny Yu arrived in front of Luo Zheng. The crutch in her hand swept across Luo Zheng's chest!
"Bang!"
Luo Zheng, who was hit by the crutch, flew out and heavily smashed into the side of the stage. His whole body was embedded in the stage, and his surroundings were full of cracks.
"Master …" Seeing that Luo Zheng was hit by her master, Ning Yudie called out in a low voice.
"Cui Xie is definitely not a kind person. My Cloud Hall will face his endless revenge in the future. How can we live peacefully? How can we carry it forward? "Granny Yu's old face said angrily.
Luo Zheng came out of the stage and said sternly, "You were the one who told me that Si Miaoling would appear at the Martial Arts Conference!"
"I didn't let Ning Yudie throw herself into danger! Throw the Cloud Hall into danger! "Granny Yu said angrily.
That day, Granny Yu thought that Luo Zheng would kill Si Miaoling himself. She didn't think that Ning Yudie would appear!
If Ning Yudie didn't want to face Cui Xie, Granny Yu wouldn't have come forward either. Luo Zheng was indeed outstanding! But in comparison, Cui Xie was even more terrifying! A single Cloud Hall couldn't possibly fight against Cui Xie. If Cui Xie came to find them in the future, how could the Cloud Hall deal with him?
However, Granny Yu blamed the wrong person. After all, Luo Zheng didn't beg Ning Yudie to come forward. It was Ning Yudie who insisted on standing in front of Luo Zheng and offended Cui Xie.
In fact, Granny Yu also knew that today's matter couldn't be blamed on Luo Zheng. It was Ning Yudie who insisted on coming forward. However, she had always doted on this disciple. How could she vent her anger on Ning Yudie? She could only vent her anger on Luo Zheng.
In other words, Ning Yudie had saved Luo Zheng's life, and Luo Zheng had helped Ning Yudie take a blow from the crutch. No matter how one looked at it, Luo Zheng had still profited. If one included the Grandmist Celestial Scourge generated from the crutch, Luo Zheng's profit would be even greater.

Chapter 503
Although Luo Zheng hadn't been able to bring Luo Yan back, he had achieved his goal of killing Si Miaoling and delaying the opening of the Great Demonic Joyous Union Array.
The Extreme Violet Yin Physique was extremely rare to begin with. Cui Xie had already spent several decades gathering three women with the Extreme Violet Yin Physique. As for the next Extreme Violet Yin Physique, who knew how long he would have to wait?
Perhaps ten years, perhaps fifty years …
No matter what, Luo Zheng was pressed for time. If he wanted to save Luo Yan, he had to quickly grow stronger. No one knew when the next Extreme Violet Yin Body would appear or when Cui Xie would find it!
Unfortunately, he and Luo Yan had parted ways. This time, they could only look at each other from afar. Luo Yan's six senses had been sealed, so they couldn't even communicate with each other through eye contact.
After Cui Xie left, he only left behind a high platform that had collapsed into pieces.
Many of the cultivators in the stands had lingering fears. They all looked at Luo Zheng and whispered to each other.
"This Luo Zheng is probably the craziest cultivator in the history of the Central Domain. He actually dared to kill someone in front of Cui Xie."
"Not to mention a Divine Reflection Realm cultivator, even a False Tribulation Realm cultivator would tremble in fear in front of Cui Xie. Not only did he threaten Cui Xie, but he also killed Si Miaoling in front of him."
"What's even more amazing is that Cui Xie actually ate this humiliation and left! Heavens, is this still the Eastern Heretic Monarch? "
In everyone's hearts, Cui Xie was a supreme existence. Yet, he had been slapped in the face by a Divine Reflection Realm junior, who had even killed his people! This kind of thing was absolutely unprecedented and would never happen again!
If it weren't for the hundreds of thousands of pairs of eyes staring at him, who would dare believe that such a thing could happen?
Hua Tianming smiled faintly. "I guessed right. Luo Zheng did it."
Red Maple pursed his lips. "It's a pity that no one is betting with you this time. Otherwise, you would have made a fortune again." In the previous matches, Hua Tianming had won a lot of Red Maple's True Origin Stones. Unfortunately, besides returning the principal to Red Maple, Hua Tianming hadn't given him a single penny. This made the Red Maple feel extremely unbalanced.
"However, if Luo Zheng really wants to save Luo Yan, he still has a long way to go." Pei Tianyao said seriously.
Hua Tianming's gaze moved away from Luo Zheng and looked at the clear, cloudless sky. The deep vault of heaven revealed a strange shade of blue as she murmured, "Who doesn't have a long way to go on the path of martial arts …"
To become a martial artist, to pursue immortality, to surpass the peak, to roam the universe …
Many martial artists had set this goal for themselves from the beginning. However, since ancient times, there had been hundreds of billions of martial artists, and how many of them had been able to achieve it? The vast majority of people had fallen on the path of pursuing the peak of martial arts. Some had become piles of bones buried deep underground, some had become a stepping stone for others, and some had been dominated by greed and desire, falling into a monster that only knew how to enjoy life.
At this time, several Sect Masters walked down the high platform at the same time.
Madam Poison Blood smiled and said to Granny Yu, "Oh, Luo Zheng only did what he should do. He is also a disciple of your Cloud Hall. Why did you beat him so heavily?"
Granny Yu didn't have a good expression. She could understand Madam Poison Blood's purpose. Granny Yu said in a cold voice, "I am teaching my Cloud Hall disciple a lesson. What does it have to do with your Blood Wood Cliff?"
Madam Poison Blood didn't get angry at all. She turned to Luo Zheng and said in a soft voice, "Luo Zheng, come and let me have a look. It will be bad if you are injured. My Blood Wood Cliff has a kind of elixir …"
Hearing Madam Poison Blood's words, a layer of goosebumps appeared on Luo Zheng's body. He quickly said, "It's okay. I'm in good health. It's just a crutch. It won't hurt me."
Several Sect Masters paid so much attention to Luo Zheng because of Luo Zheng's rune technique. However, the Sect Masters of Blood Wood Cliff, Void Spirit Sect, and Black Mountain Sect couldn't ask directly. This question could only be asked by the fat man of the World Business Alliance.
No Sect would give up this opportunity to block the boundary of a Life and Death Realm master. No matter the price, they would get it. Even the World Business Alliance couldn't ignore it.
"Luo Zheng, that boundary … can you tell me what's going on?" Shi Kefan asked with a serious expression.
Ning Yudie and Grandma Yu's eyes flickered. No matter how Luo Zheng comprehended such a powerful rune technique, they didn't want Luo Zheng to say it.
Luo Zheng wasn't stupid. How could he admit to the matter of divine runes? He faintly smiled and said, "Alliance Master Shi, I was just lucky enough to obtain the rune inheritance of a senior. It was pure luck that I was able to block Cui Xie's punch."
While they were talking, Pagoda Master Nie and the others had already made their move.
If one had to say who was the most shocked by this boundary, it would be Pagoda Master Nie and the others.
After so many years of development, rune techniques had almost formed a perfect system in the Central Domain. It was very difficult for new developments to occur.
Therefore, very few new runes were born in the past few years. This was because all the paths that should be walked had already been walked by the predecessors. Even the most talented rune master would find it hard to find a new path.
This was also the reason why Feng Guanyu was able to become a legend in the rune world. Only Feng Guanyu's Sect Protecting Great Array could block the invasion of a False Tribulation Realm expert.
However, Luo Zheng's small display of skill today had completely overturned the concept of Pagoda Master Nie and the others.
In merely two hours, he had drawn more than a hundred runes and blocked Cui Xie's attack.
Until now, Pagoda Master Nie felt as if he was dreaming. He even had a premonition that because of Luo Zheng, the rune technique might advance by leaps and bounds.
Ever since the development of rune techniques hit a bottleneck, the status of rune masters slowly fell behind that of alchemists and refiners.
After all, alchemists could refine top quality pills to help martial artists break through realms. Or they could refine top quality medicines to help martial artists heal their injuries.
As for refiners, they were even more important. All sorts of Spirit Items, Immortal Items, and even Saint Items were created by refiners.
As for the runes created by rune masters, they could at most defend against the attack of a Divine Core warrior. Aside from the Sect Protecting Great Array of the Void Spirit Sect, all other runes couldn't do much to warriors above the Divine Core realm. Therefore, runes were slowly being used for cultivation. For example, the Illusion Formation was used to train the elites of the sect, and it was used to test their performance. Of course, these Illusion Formations were useful for the sect as well, but they weren't as important as pills and weapons.
Now, Luo Zheng had proven how frightening a rune master was!
Pagoda Master Nie dug out the runes that were buried not long ago with his bare hands. There were three big stone slabs, and each of them was engraved with three complicated Four Star Runes!
When the three of them each received a stone slab, they immediately poured their soul force into it!
Not long after that, a shocked expression emerged on the trio's faces.
"Just as I thought, these runes are completely different from the runes used in the Central Domain! This, this, how can they be so exquisite?!"
"The middle of the runes is forked, this is the biggest taboo in runes, how did it end up like this?!"
"I never expected this, I never expected this! The first half of the runes looked like useless runes, but when they extend to the bottom, they somehow connect back together! Is this something that a human can come up with?!"
Right at this moment, all three men were completely immersed in a special state, trying to sense the profoundness of the Divine Runes.
The complexity of the Divine Runes far surpassed the imagination of the Central Domain's Rune Masters. It must be known that the development of the Divine Runes in the higher realms took billions of years to develop. Moreover, the Divine Runes had experienced countless reincarnations. Compared to the Central Domain's rune techniques, it could be said that a wise old man who had lived for tens of thousands of years was compared to a baby who had been born for less than a day. The disparity between the two was simply immeasurable.
Just these three four star runes were enough to greatly benefit Pagoda Master Nie and the others. Their train of thought had been broadened. Because of this, Pagoda Master Nie and the other two managed to see through a trace of the Dao of Divine Inscriptions and jumped out of the rut of the Central Region's rune inscriptions. They brought the Central Region's rune inscriptions to a new height. Although it was impossible for them to surpass Luo Zheng's Divine Inscription Technique, they still created an era that surpassed Feng Guanyu. Of course, this was a story for later.
Seeing that Pagoda Master Nie and the others had directly dismantled Luo Zheng's runes, Daoist Priest Qing Xu and the other sect leaders wanted to ask for a piece so that they could properly study it. But when they thought about how the World Business Alliance might not let them go, they gave up in the end. It would be better to ask Luo Zheng for help in the future. The sect leaders were thinking about how to ask Luo Zheng for a price.

Chapter 504
Cui Xie had withdrawn from the competition, he had given up on the Rising Dragon Arena.
However, there were still many sects and independent warriors on the scene, and none of them had given up on the Rising Dragon Arena.
Shi Kefan smiled. "The two men brought by Cui Xie have been eliminated. The rest of the competition will continue as planned, but the arena has been destroyed …" After saying that, Shi Kefan nodded his head at Yan Yueshan.
After that, Yan Yueshan left the scene of the Martial Dao Competition. But not long after that, the crowd heard steady footsteps approaching.
"Plop, plop …"
Everyone looked in the direction of the voice and saw Yan Yueshan using his fat body to forcefully carry the huge arena over.
The arena was about 60 meters wide, and in order to withstand the force of a Divine Core warrior, it was made with a very complicated process. Some of the materials used were even heavier than iron, and the weight of the entire arena was incredibly high. But, Yan Yueshan was able to withstand the weight of the arena with just his shoulders.
"Clang!"
Following an earth-shattering boom, Misty Yue Mountain covered the entire arena.
All the Sect Lords didn't have much of a reaction when they saw this. Most of the Void Tribulation warriors on the scene could do the same, but the warriors on the spectator stands were all cheering and praising Yan Yueshan.
With different thoughts in their minds, all the Sect Lords returned to their respective stands.
In fact, Luo Zheng's killing of Si Miaoling had fulfilled many people's wishes.
Although the few big sects had been enjoying a great reputation for the past few years, because of Cui Xie's sudden rise, all of them felt a deep sense of crisis. Even the World Business Alliance felt the same.
Now that Cui Xie was so powerful, it would often take two or three sects to join forces to restrain him. He had also expressed his ambition to establish a Divine Nation more than once or twice, but under such circumstances, the great sects could only pretend not to hear him.
If Cui Xie really set up the Heavenly Devil Joyous Union Formation and allowed him to break through to the Divine Sea realm, no one in the Central Domain would be able to stop Cui Xie. At that time, no matter if it was the Void Spirit Sect, the World Business Alliance, or the Cloud Hall, they would only have two choices.
They would either submit to Cui Xie, or be destroyed by Cui Xie.
From this point of view, no matter if it was Daoist Qing Xu from the Void Spirit Sect or the three Lords from the World Business Alliance, they would have to thank Luo Zheng.
However, all the pressure would have to be shouldered by Luo Zheng and the Cloud Hall.
On the high platform, Granny Yu's face was as cold as ever. The wrinkles on her face seemed to have been carved with a knife.
Granny's face.................................
.............. It's useless to be angry. If Cui Xie comes to us in the future, how can we deal with him? How was he going to explain this to everyone in the Cloud Palace? . To the millions of disciples of the Cloud Hall? "
The Cloud Hall alone couldn't fight against Cui Xie. As the number one person in the Central Domain, Cui Xie could completely defeat the entire Cloud Hall with his own strength.
Granny Jade was a Life and Death Realm expert, but she had only survived one Heavenly Tribulation. She didn't know if she could safely survive the next one. Moreover, Granny Jade herself wasn't Cui Xie's opponent. If Ning Yudie mastered the Empyrean Fairy Heart Sutra and crossed the "line between life and death" to become a Life and Death Realm expert, she might be able to contend against Cui Xie.
But how difficult was it to cross the line between life and death? It wasn't something that could be accomplished in a day or two!
How could Ning Yudie not understand her Master's words?
When she rushed out a moment ago, she had weighed the pros and cons in her heart. If she offended Cui Xie, what would happen to the Cloud Hall? In the end, her emotions prevailed. She stood in front of Luo Zheng without hesitation. As for whether protecting Luo Zheng was a good deal for the Cloud Hall, Ning Yudie no longer considered it.
Ning Yudie's expression was gloomy and full of guilt. "I'm sorry … Master, perhaps I really am not qualified for the position of Hall Master …"
Seeing Ning Yudie so guilty, Granny Yu also sighed. "Alas, I know you're temperamental, but your talent is top-notch. Not to mention other things, as long as you complete the 《Empyrean Fairy Heart Sutra》, you'll be able to challenge Life and Death Realm experts as a False Tribulation Realm expert. When you break through the Life and Death Realm in the future, you'll definitely lead the Cloud Hall to become a fifth-grade Sect. You might even promote the Cloud Hall to become a Holy Land …"
If a sixth-grade Sect didn't contend for hegemony, it could become a Holy Land. If it contended for hegemony and established a Martial Artist's Nation, it would be called a Divine Nation. The Cloud Hall didn't have the heart to contend for hegemony. Being able to become a Holy Land was already a supreme honor.
At this moment, Luo Zheng suddenly said with a serious expression, "Granny Yu, I have a way to deal with Cui Xie."
Granny Yu looked at Luo Zheng with a sarcastic expression. "Do you think that just because you killed someone in front of Cui Xie, he can't do anything to you? If it weren't for the World Business Alliance stopping him, I'm afraid you'd have turned into dust by now! If a Martial Artist doesn't have his own strength and relies on luck, he can't do this a second time! "
"Luck is also a kind of strength. Granny Yu, can you let me finish speaking?" Luo Zheng asked.
"Speak," Granny Yu said indifferently. Granny Yu didn't have a good impression of this brat Luo Zheng. This brat's sister had been kidnapped, and he dared to blame it on Ning Yudie. He was just a Divine Reflection Stage junior, yet he dared to bully her disciple. How could Granny Yu tolerate this?
However, Granny Yu could also see that Ning Yudie seemed to have feelings for him. She was biased towards Luo Zheng in every matter, so Granny Yu couldn't do anything to Luo Zheng. What's more, Granny Yu could see that Luo Zheng had great luck. Granny Yu was a person who had crossed the line between life and death. How could she not see Luo Zheng's luck?
Among Martial Artists, luck was a very strange thing.
It was very difficult for those with great luck to die, and they could even swallow the luck of others. When a group of people took risks in a hopeless situation, the person with the strongest luck could swallow the luck of others. Therefore, in the adventure, everyone else would suffer, and only the person with great luck would survive, obtain all kinds of treasures, and safely escape danger …
Granny Yu was afraid that Luo Zheng's luck would be too strong and swallow the luck of the entire Cloud Hall, causing harm to the Cloud Hall.
How could Luo Zheng know what Granny Yu was thinking? He just said, "I want to abstain from the Martial Arts Conference."
"Why?" The deep wrinkles on Granny Yu's forehead twisted, and she stared intently at Luo Zheng.
In fact, the results of this Martial Arts Conference were gradually becoming clear. The biggest suspense was probably between Luo Zheng and Little Jie. However, there was still a female disciple by Nanhua Venerable's side who had been masked from beginning to end. Until now, she hadn't made a move, so perhaps there was also suspense.
But in any case, Luo Zheng had a great chance to compete for first place.
Ning Yudie's slender eyebrows also rose, and she looked at Luo Zheng with a complicated gaze.
"I want to help the Cloud Hall build the Sect Protecting Array," Luo Zheng said slowly.
The Rising Dragon Stage was important to Luo Zheng, but only he held the secret of the Rising Dragon Stage. To put it bluntly, whoever entered the Rising Dragon Stage would be entering a dead end. Not only would they not be able to obtain any benefits, but they would also be imprisoned for a thousand years. This was no joke. For most people, a thousand years was no different from a death sentence.
"Sect Protecting Array …" Granny Yu's expression changed.
Just now, everyone had seen the power of Luo Zheng's barrier, and that was only the power of a hundred or so runes. If the Cloud Hall could really set up thousands of arrays, then it really could be used as a barrier to resist Cui Xie!
"Are you sure you can set up a Great Array to resist Cui Xie?" Granny Yu asked.
"I'm eighty percent sure," Luo Zheng nodded.
In fact, Luo Zheng was a hundred percent sure, but he didn't make it too clear. Not to mention other things, Qinglong had already devoured the Moonkin Evil Spirit, and his main body had recovered a lot of Soul Power. Even if Luo Zheng ran into some trouble, Qinglong could help.
Qinglong was able to set up the Great Thousand Treasure Array, a wondrous array that could destroy heaven and earth. A mere fourth-grade Sect's Great Array was only used to resist a Life and Death Realm expert, so it shouldn't be a problem for him.
Granny Yu had lived for so many years, so what couldn't she see through?
She nodded slightly, "In that case, there's no need to hesitate. If you want to set up the Sect Protecting Array, all the materials and costs will be paid by the Cloud Hall!"
Hearing Granny Yu's words, Luo Zheng muttered in his heart, 'Isn't this nonsense? I'll help you set up the Sect Protecting Array, so if you don't provide the materials, who will? ' This old woman's words were really … Of course, he didn't dare to say this out loud.
(Thank you, Chen Feng, for your twenty thousand monthly coins! Little Feng, five thousand coins! Also, Uncle Cai, Tiger Soul, thank you for your suggestions and rewards! Thank you to the readers who silently subscribed but rarely showed up in the book review section. I will stabilize my update schedule and work hard to update more. This is what I should do and must do. If you don't give up, I won't stop updating!)
＝＝＝＝＝

Chapter 505
Under the unprecedented pressure, the Cloud Hall was no longer in the mood to compete for the Martial Dao Competition's ranking.
On the arena, Xiao Jie was fighting an independent warrior. Although the independent warrior was a Mid Divine Core warrior, he was still being played around by Xiao Jie. He was no match for a Divine Core genius like Xiao Jie.
When Xiao Jie felt that he had had enough, he casually defeated the independent warrior, then he left the arena and started drawing his card. When Xiao Jie carefully saw the word 'challenge' written on the wooden card in his hand, his eyes immediately lit up.
After that, he waved the challenge card in his hand and looked at the Cloud Hall's stage. The moment he drew the challenge card, he wanted to challenge Luo Zheng!
But, before he could say anything, the Palace Chief of the Cloud Hall said with a soft voice, "The Cloud Hall has withdrawn from the Martial Dao Competition!"
"Ahh …" Xiao Jie's excited expression froze on his face. Soon, a wronged expression emerged on his face. "Why, why is this happening?!"
Ning Yudie continued, "I'm sorry, everyone, I have something to deal with in the Cloud Hall, so I'll have to withdraw from the Martial Dao Competition …"
A few elite disciples in the Cloud Hall were surprised as well. They didn't hear the conversation between Luo Zheng, Ning Yudie, and Granny Yu just now. Therefore, when they heard the Palace Chief's words, they couldn't accept it. The Cloud Hall was qualified to compete for the Rising Dragon Arena, why would they withdraw from the Martial Dao Competition?
The spectators were discussing amongst themselves, and their voices were loud enough to reach the clouds.
"Why did the Cloud Hall withdraw from the Martial Dao Competition just like that?"
"I still want to watch the battle between Luo Zheng and Xiao Jie, why did they withdraw from the Martial Dao Competition?!"
"This is too much, are they giving up on the Rising Dragon Arena?!"
These martial artists couldn't analyze the situation, but the Sect Masters of the several major Sects were well aware of the situation. After Cui Xie threatened to exterminate their Sects, if they were in his shoes, they wouldn't be in the mood to participate in the Battle Assembly. Now that they had left in a hurry, perhaps they had to make preparations. If Luo Zheng could really arrange a super Sect Protecting Great Array, perhaps it could really block Cui Xie's anger.
After Ning Yudie made the announcement, she left with Grandma Yu, followed by the elite disciples of the Cloud Hall. Before leaving, Luo Zheng suddenly flew in front of Elder Xiao and gave him a small slip of paper, "This slip of paper, please read it yourself, Alliance Master!"
Xiao Jie, who was at the side of the arena, suddenly jumped up and came to Luo Zheng's side. With a sad face, he begged, "Luo Zheng, please don't go, okay? Fight with me before you leave! "
Luo Zheng smiled slightly, "Sorry, if there's a chance in the future, I'd like to exchange pointers with you."
Hearing Luo Zheng's words, Xiao Jie suddenly pouted. He wanted to directly make a move and force Luo Zheng to fight with him, but he was afraid that his Master would reprimand him. In the end, he could only watch as Luo Zheng left.
Elder Xiao turned around and handed the slip of paper to Shi Kefan. Shi Kefan opened the slip of paper and read it. His bean-sized eyes suddenly widened, and beads of sweat almost came out.
It turned out that Luo Zheng had told him the secret of the Rising Dragon Arena in the slip of paper. Anyone who entered the Rising Dragon Arena without the Dragon Bloodline would be imprisoned for a thousand years!
"No wonder the people who entered the Rising Dragon Arena haven't returned yet, this is really a big trap …" Shi Kefan murmured.
Ever since Luo Zheng returned from the Upper Realm, the Black Mountain Sect had sent a disciple named Xuan An to enter the Rising Dragon Arena. They had even hung the disciple's Life Jade Tablet on the Rising Dragon Arena. The Life Jade Tablet had never been broken, but Xuan An had never returned. No one knew what had happened, but they were sure that Xuan An was not dead.
In order to solve this mystery, the World Business Alliance had sent several people into the Rising Dragon Arena. What made people feel helpless was that none of these people had died, but none of them had returned! In order to prevent these people from becoming obsessed with the Upper Realm, before sending people up, they even threatened to kill their families if they did not return in a few days.
Even so, not a single cultivator had returned, which was very strange.
What Shi Kefan never expected was that Luo Zheng's slip of paper would finally solve this mystery. It was not that they did not want to return, but that once they went up, they would be imprisoned for a thousand years. What made Shi Kefan break out in cold sweat was that he almost wanted to go up as well, but he gave up the idea after being dissuaded by Mo Haishan.
Then, Shi Kefan handed the slip of paper to Yan Yueshan and Mo Haishan. After reading it, the two of them exclaimed, 'This Luo Zheng is too good at tricking people. If he hadn't taken the initiative to say it, who knows how many people he would have tricked …'
"Wait," Mo Haishan was a man of few words, but his thoughts were the most meticulous, "If that's the case, how did Luo Zheng return safely from the True Dragon Realm?"
"This …" Shi Kefan shook his head, "We can only find a chance to ask Luo Zheng. That kid has more secrets than those old monsters in the Life and Death Realm."
After the people from the Cloud Hall left the Martial Arts Conference, they went straight to the teleportation array in Tianqi City. A giant teleportation array was built between Tianqi City and Cloud Sea City. This teleportation array was also built by the World Business Alliance, so the people from the Cloud Hall could be considered to have borrowed it.
Through the teleportation array, they had just returned to the Cloud Hall when the elders of the Cloud Hall were welcoming them at the main entrance of the Cloud Hall.
"We welcome the Hall Master," the elders said in unison.
As soon as Ning Yudie's feet touched the ground, she immediately said, "The Cloud Hall has entered a state of alert!"
The elders looked surprised, but they did not know what could make the Cloud Hall enter a state of alert.
"Hall Master, what happened?" Mister Zhuo asked from the side.
Ning Yudie hurriedly walked forward. When she heard Mister Zhuo's question, she only explained, "A strong enemy will invade!"
"A strong enemy?" The elders stared, their faces full of puzzlement. In the Central Domain, there were not many people who could make the Cloud Hall view them as strong enemies. Void Spirit Sect? World Business Alliance? The Cloud Hall had a good relationship with these two forces. Apart from them, what other strong enemies were there?
Ning Yudie did not explain, and directly threw out a sentence coldly, "Tell Zong Rui to come to my palace!" Then, she entered the Cloud Hall's main entrance.
As for Granny Yu, Luo Zheng, and the others, they also followed behind Ning Yudie, leaving only Daoist Master Dameng.
Daoist Master Dameng was walking with several elite disciples of the Cloud Hall. Now, only he could explain to the elders. Looking at the elders' questioning expressions, Daoist Master Dameng slowly said, "This time, the Cloud Hall's strong enemy is Cui Xie."
"What!" Mister Zhuo was the first to jump up. "Why did we provoke this fiend!"
The Eastern Heretic King Cui Xie was both righteous and evil. It was best not to provoke this kind of person. If they really did, any sect would have to bear the consequences!
They never thought that participating in a martial arts conference would bring such a strong enemy to the Cloud Hall!
"What happened, Daoist Master Dameng?" Mister Zhuo said coldly, "I need you to give me an explanation!"
Daoist Master Dameng frowned at Mister Zhuo's tone. However, this matter concerned the safety of the Cloud Hall, so Daoist Master Dameng did not haggle over it. He still recounted the events that happened at the martial arts conference.
After the elders finished listening, they immediately exploded. Their faces all darkened, and many of them even revealed expressions of righteous indignation!
"This is too outrageous! Our Cloud Hall's ten thousand years of heritage is going to be ruined by a mere Divine Reflection Realm brat? "
"Offending Cui Xie for a Divine Reflection Realm brat! Does the Hall Master treat our Cloud Hall's millions of martial artists as child's play? Does he want to bring our Cloud Hall into a state of eternal damnation? "
"I've already said it. How can a little girl be qualified for the position of Hall Master? So what if her talent is high? We shouldn't have supported her in the first place! "
Mister Zhuo's face was overcast. After thinking for a while, he slowly said, "According to Big Dream, everything is because of Luo Zheng. That Cui Xie also came for Luo Zheng. If that's the case, then there is a simple way to resolve this matter!"
"What way?" an elder asked.
"Hand over Luo Zheng!" Mister Zhuo clenched his teeth and said.
Daoist Master Dameng heard this and smiled bitterly, but did not speak. Perhaps Mister Zhuo's method could really help the Cloud Hall survive this crisis. Handing over Luo Zheng should be able to extinguish Cui Xie's anger.
But would Ning Yudie agree?
If Ning Yudie was willing, then she wouldn't have stood in front of Luo Zheng.
Don't look at Ning Yudie as a little girl. Once she decided on something, let alone these elders, even the previous Hall Master, Granny Yu, would not be able to change her mind!
However, Daoist Master Dameng did not speak. From the bottom of his heart, he stood on Ning Yudie's side. He had a premonition that Luo Zheng was worthy of the Cloud Hall's investment.

Chapter 506
Granny Yu had already stepped down from her position as the Hall Master. As long as the Cloud Hall didn't encounter a life and death situation, she wouldn't appear. Therefore, after returning to the Cloud Hall, she only gave Ning Yudie a few words and left everything else to Ning Yudie to handle.
As the Hall Master of the Cloud Hall, Ning Yudie not only needed to have outstanding talent, but also the wisdom to manage the Cloud Hall. This crisis of the Cloud Hall was also a big test for Ning Yudie. Granny Yu could die at any time in the next life and death situation, so it was impossible for her to assist Ning Yudie for the rest of her life.
After returning to her ice palace, Ning Yudie nimbly freed her pair of white feet from her single shoes and leaned on a wide chair, while the Ice Phoenix perched on the back of the chair.
Luo Zheng stood on the side of the palace, waiting for Zong Rui to come.
The Sect Protecting Great Array was probably the most important task for the Cloud Hall, so they didn't stop at all after returning to the Cloud Hall.
At this moment, there was no one else. Luo Zheng looked at Ning Yudie's tired face and asked, "You're under a lot of pressure."
Ning Yudie looked at Luo Zheng with a smile, "You should be the one under a lot of pressure."
"I'm not under any pressure. As long as I have enough time, I believe I can build this Sect Protecting Great Array," Luo Zheng said seriously.
"Then why should I be under pressure?" Ning Yudie smiled slightly, and that smile even had a hint of mischief.
Although Ning Yudie said so, how could she not be under a lot of pressure? The position of Hall Master might be a strong temptation for others, but for Ning Yudie, it was a heavy burden. Her shoulders were too narrow, and carrying the position of Hall Master made her feel as if she was walking on thin ice most of the time, let alone this crisis.
Luo Zheng also knew that she was just comforting him, but he didn't say anything. The only thing he had to do now was to set up the Sect Protecting Great Array as soon as possible.
Who knew that instead of Zong Rui, a group of elders from the Cloud Hall came.
Mister Zhuo aggressively led several elders into Ning Yudie's palace and directly forced his way in front of Ning Yudie. Mister Zhuo glared at Luo Zheng, and then said to Ning Yudie aggressively, "Palace Master, why don't you hand this kid over? At the very least, he can get Cui Xie's forgiveness. Why should we, the Cloud Hall, take responsibility for this brat offended Cui Xie? "
After these elders came in, Ning Yudie's expression returned to normal. She looked coldly at Mister Zhuo and said, "I have my own considerations about the problem you mentioned."
"There's no need to think about it, right? Palace Master, for the sake of our Cloud Hall's millions of disciples, five second-grade sects, and Cloud Sea City, could it be that we can't compare to this … this Divine Realm brat? "Another elder stared at Luo Zheng and said angrily.
"The inheritance of the Cloud Hall has been passed down for tens of thousands of years. It can't be destroyed because of this brat. Palace Master, in the past, I've always obeyed your orders, but today, you have to give me an explanation!" An elder said.
"If our Cloud Hall is destroyed by Cui Xie, this brat will be the main culprit! He will be the biggest sinner of our Cloud Hall! "An elder pointed at Luo Zheng and said sternly.
Apart from Zong Rui, the elders of the Cloud Hall were all at the early stage of the False Tribulation Realm. Elders like Mister Zhuo and Daoist Master Dameng were at the middle stage of the False Tribulation Realm. Facing a group of False Tribulation Realm martial artists, Luo Zheng slightly closed his eyes.
Ning Yudie chuckled. She looked at Mister Zhuo and said, "Hand over Luo Zheng? Can you guarantee the safety of my Cloud Hall? "
"Of course. Luo Zheng doesn't know the immensity of heaven and earth. He actually dares to go against the Eastern Evil King. It's really unwise. He's courting death, so why does he want to drag my Cloud Hall down with him?" Mister Zhuo continued, "Now, the most sensible thing to do is to drive this brat out of my Cloud Hall! So that my Cloud Hall can avoid disaster! "
Ning Yudie smiled and asked again, "Mister Zhuo, how many years has it been since my Cloud Hall was established?"
"It's been 35,446 years since the first Palace Master established it!" Mister Zhuo cupped his hands and answered.
"More than 30,000 years." Ning Yudie stared indifferently at Mister Zhuo and said, "The Cloud Hall has existed for such a long time. It doesn't matter if it's a few more years or less, right?"
"What do you mean by that, Ning Yudie?" Mister Zhuo didn't quite understand.
"I'll correct what you just said. If Luo Zheng didn't kill Si Miaoling, Cui Xie would've been able to set up the Great Demonic Joyous Union Formation in less than two years. Once he crosses the Life and Death Realm and steps into the Divine Ocean, he'll proclaim himself as an emperor and establish his Divine Nation! At that time, not to mention our Cloud Hall, even the World Business Alliance and the Void Spirit Sect would've been destroyed by Cui Xie! Tell me, did Luo Zheng harm our Cloud Hall or save our Cloud Hall? "Ning Yudie sneered.
"This …" Mister Zhuo was instantly swayed by Ning Yudie's words, and couldn't refute it for a moment.
In essence, Ning Yudie's personality was that of a little girl with a sharp tongue, or rather, a little girl with a sharp tongue and extraordinary talent. There weren't many people who could win against her in a debate. As long as she thought about it, who knew how many excuses she could come up with?
"Even if that's the case, that's a matter of a few years later. The Void Spirit Sect and the World Business Alliance are more urgent than us. Even if the sky falls, they'll hold it up. Why don't they kill Si Miaoling? Why do they need our Cloud Hall's disciples to do it? And then offend Cui Xie for no reason? "another elder said.
Ning Yudie sneered. "You're so timid. Do you really have the qualifications to be an elder of our Cloud Hall? Cui Xie is indeed the number one person in the Central Domain, but is he really that scary? "
"It doesn't matter if Cui Xie is scary or not. Hall Master, Luo Zheng must be handed over," Mister Zhuo said stubbornly.
"Yes, we must hand over Luo Zheng!"
"This scourge will definitely steal our Cloud Hall's luck!"
"If the Cloud Hall is destroyed because of Luo Zheng, can you bear the responsibility, Hall Master?"
The voices of the elders rose and fell. They suddenly felt colder and colder. Unknowingly, the temperature in the ice palace had dropped very low.
Surrounded by the cold air, the elders looked at Ning Yudie's cold face and finally subconsciously shut their mouths.
She was sitting on her chair when her eyes swept past the elders like two icicles. "You seem to have forgotten who the Cloud Hall Hall Master is."
"But …" Mister Zhuo wanted to speak again, but when his eyes met with Ning Yudie's, he couldn't help but shiver.
"I'll take care of the Eastern Heretic King. You don't need to worry. If you say any more nonsense …" Ning Yudie didn't finish her sentence. The ice phoenix behind her had already spread its wings. Its feathers were like ice blades, emitting a blue icy light.
The elders realized that Ning Yudie was really angry.
After all, Ning Yudie was the Cloud Hall Hall Master. Although she had a childish side like a little girl, she also had a cold-blooded side. No elder could bear the consequences of angering her.
Mister Zhuo looked deeply at Luo Zheng again, as if he wanted to engrave Luo Zheng in his mind. Then, he turned and left. The elders also left the ice palace without saying a word.
When this group of people walked to the entrance of the ice palace, Zong Rui was hurrying over. When he saw the elders, he ran up to greet them. "Mister Zhuo, Elder Hai, how are you … Eh?"
The elders didn't even bother with Zong Rui. They angrily brushed past him and left!
Zong Rui rolled his eyes and muttered, "Did these old guys take the wrong medicine?"
Just as Zong Rui stepped into the ice palace, he suddenly felt a surge of cold air. His body stiffened, and he muttered, "Looks like they quarreled quite fiercely just now …"
When he reached the end of the ice palace, Zong Rui saw Ning Yudie. He cupped his hands and said, "Zong Rui greets the Hall Master."
"I called you here to ask you to do something," Ning Yudie said calmly.
"Just tell me, Hall Master." Zong Rui could see that Ning Yudie was angry. How could he dare to say anything else?
"Last time, I gave you the Sect-Protecting Formation of a sixth-rank sect. How is your analysis going?" Ning Yudie asked again.
"This … a sixth-rank sect's Sect-Protecting Formation of a Holy Land is too complicated. I'm afraid it will take me three to five years to understand it," Zong Rui said.
"Throw it away," Ning Yudie said again.
"Ah? Throw it away? " Zong Rui almost thought that he had misheard. The Sect-Protecting Formation of a Holy Land was a very precious thing. Why did she want him to throw it away?
"From today onwards, you will assist Luo Zheng in creating a new Sect-Protecting Formation. All the materials, including the resources of the Cloud Hall, will be used as much as possible." Ning Yudie stared at Zong Rui and said, "Remember, you are assisting Luo Zheng!"
Ning Yudie emphasized again. Zong Rui was stunned. "Starting today?"
"Yes, starting today," Luo Zheng, who had been silent all this time, suddenly said.
"Is there a need to be in such a hurry?" In Zong Rui's mind, drawing a rune required one to be calm and composed. According to the rules of the Runic Tower, to draw a rune, one had to first take a bath and change clothes. Then, one had to burn incense and wash their hands.
A Sect-Protecting Formation often took a year or even a few years to complete. It was not something that could be completed in a day or two. Why was there a need to be in such a hurry?
"Not in a hurry?" Luo Zheng chuckled. "If you're not in a hurry, perhaps Cui Xie will come tomorrow …"
Luo Zheng's words made Zong Rui a little dizzy. Let alone Cui Xie coming tomorrow, even if it was a month later, the Sect-Protecting Formation would not be completed!

Chapter 507
Drawing a Great Sect Protection Formation was far more difficult than the one Luo Zheng had drawn in the arena that day.
A Great Sect Protection Formation needed a formation that could protect the entire sect. No matter how small a sect was, it was still many times bigger than a stage.
For example, taking the Blue Cloud Sect as an example, the size of the entire Blue Cloud Sect was almost comparable to the Burning Heaven Imperial Capital!
However, the Cloud Hall was a special case.
After all, the entire Cloud Hall had been separated from its foundation and was floating in the sky.
Even though it was built on a huge floating rock, there was a limit to the size of the floating rock. Therefore, as a fourth-rank sect, the Cloud Hall wasn't that big.
In addition to a defensive formation, it also needed a means of attack. A Great Sect Protection Formation couldn't just take a beating and not retaliate.
After leaving the Ice Palace, Zong Rui retrieved the measurement data of the entire Cloud Hall. Then, Luo Zheng floated above the Cloud Hall and looked around before slowly descending.
"How many divine runes are needed for this Great Sect Protection Formation?" Luo Zheng asked. The person he was asking was naturally Qinglong in his mind.
"Hehe, if it's a Nine-Star Divine Rune, only one is needed," Qinglong replied.
Luo Zheng rolled his eyes. A Nine-Star Divine Rune, wouldn't it only take one to destroy the entire Central Domain?
Not to mention that Qinglong couldn't draw a Nine-Star Divine Rune, even if he could, Luo Zheng couldn't find the materials.
"However, the Cloud Hall isn't that big. I've estimated that if it's a three-star and four-star divine rune, you'll need about four thousand nine hundred of them. Among them, you'll need three five-star divine runes. The key is that you need to find enough materials," Qinglong said seriously.
Luo Zheng nodded. "Materials are the first problem to be solved."
After a rough estimate, Luo Zheng began to list out the materials. He found a table and started waving the pen in his hand. According to the information provided by Qinglong, he listed out the materials one by one.
"Earth-Shattering Rhino Horns, twenty!"
"Purple Field Wood, four!"
"Wu Chen Incense, two hundred coins …"
"Golden Threaded Leaf …"
"…"
"…"
Lists after lists of materials were listed. Zong Rui's scalp went numb as he looked at them.
Although Ning Yudie had made it very clear that she was only assisting Luo Zheng in the construction of the Sect Protecting Great Array, the price of each material was sky-high, and they were very difficult to find. If she wanted to get them in a short period of time, she would have to pay double or even triple the price to buy them.
Seeing Zong Rui holding the list of materials and unable to take a step forward, Luo Zheng asked curiously, "What's wrong?"
"The things on this list …" Zong Rui muttered as he pointed at the materials on the list.
"You can't buy them?" Luo Zheng frowned and asked. He was afraid that some materials were too rare and couldn't be purchased.
"I can buy it, but isn't it too expensive?" Zong Rui made a rough calculation. Just this list alone had used a lot of top-grade true essence stones. "If I buy all these materials, I'm afraid it will consume nearly half of the Cloud Hall's savings!"
Luo Zheng asked with a smile, "Spending half of the true essence stones, or the destruction of the Sect, which would you choose?"
"Nonsense!" Zong Rui said.
"Then gather these materials, the sooner the better. Whether it's a high-priced auction or something else, if necessary, we will snatch them," Luo Zheng said lightly.
Since Luo Zheng said so, Zong Rui distributed the list of materials to the many Deacons of the Cloud Hall.
It had to be said that the efficiency of the Cloud Hall was still very strong.
About one-third of the materials were stored in the Cloud Hall itself, and the other one-third were scattered in the Cloud Sea City and the five major Sects under the Cloud Hall. After Zong Rui passed the order, the five second-grade Sects under the Cloud Hall continuously transported the materials to the Cloud Hall.
As for the last one-third of the materials, Zong Rui could only personally lead people to purchase them from the World Business Alliance.
Every time he obtained a material, Luo Zheng would use a thick brush to tick it off on the list. Gradually, more and more ticks were added to the list.
Three days later, all the materials on the list were ticked off. In other words, all the materials had been gathered.
After gathering these materials, Luo Zheng temporarily borrowed Zong Rui's place.
Just like Tower Master Nie and the others of the Runic Tower, Rune Masters had very high requirements for the environment. Zong Rui's place was set up on the side of the Cloud Hall. One could see the rolling sea of clouds from outside the empty hall. The environment was very good.
There were many people standing in the hall. Some of them were Zong Rui's assistants. They were specifically used to distribute the materials and make the ink. However, because Zong Rui was afraid that there wouldn't be enough people, he transferred several Deacons over to help temporarily.
After the first batch of rune ink was produced according to Luo Zheng's requirements, Luo Zheng had already spread out a piece of rune paper and was holding a rune pen tightly in his hand.
When the first bottle of rune ink was brought over, Luo Zheng dipped his rune pen in the rune ink and finally drew the first stroke.
According to Qinglong's design, this sect protecting array had a total of 4901 runes. The rune that Luo Zheng drew was only a three-star rune.
The instant Luo Zheng's rune pen touched the rune paper, his Soul Strength quickly activated the properties of the material in the ink. It blossomed with a fiery red light. This rune was a fire attribute offensive rune!
The tip of the brush gently danced on the paper like a stream of fire, continuously painting the surface of the paper. Those runes were like blossoming flames.
Seeing Luo Zheng casually draw perfect strokes, he was also dumbfounded.
Inside the Cloud Hall, if there was someone who was the happiest, it would be Zong Rui. Zong Rui's talent and talent weren't weak. In terms of martial talent, he could be considered as a Heavenly rank genius. However, he had been immersed in the Dao of Runes all his life, and that was why he was still a Divine Core warrior. If he had to choose between the Cloud Hall and the Dao of Runes, he would definitely choose the Cloud Hall.
Although Zong Rui couldn't draw the perfect strokes, watching Luo Zheng draw the rune with perfect strokes was enough to make him happy!
Luo Zheng's hands were steady, and he didn't mess up the lines he drew. No matter how complicated the runes were, he was able to draw them smoothly. Not long after that, a three-star rune was successfully drawn.
Luo Zheng didn't stand up, he just nodded his head. An assistant immediately took the rune away and placed it on the side of the hall, waiting for the ink on the paper to dry.
After that, the second rune, the third rune …
For 12 hours, Luo Zheng maintained the same posture. The Rune Brush in his hand didn't stop for a single moment.
During the first hour, Zong Rui asked Luo Zheng if he needed to rest, but Luo Zheng shook his head and continued drawing.
Zong Rui didn't expect this guy to draw continuously for 12 hours!
Drawing a rune would consume a lot of soul energy. Although a Rune Master's soul was stronger than an ordinary warrior's, what did it mean to draw a rune for 12 hours?
Zong Rui's skill in Runes could be ranked amongst the best in the Central Domain. He had once studied in the Runic Tower, and when he left the Runic Tower, his soul energy was ranked within the top 10. Even so, after drawing five runes in a row, he felt dizzy, and needed to rest for a few days before he could continue drawing runes!
This was why Zong Rui thought it would take at least a year, or even a few years, to set up a Sect Protecting Formation! Drawing runes wasn't like drawing graffiti. The problem was that Luo Zheng looked no different from drawing graffiti. It was as if he could draw runes at his fingertips!
Zong Rui naturally didn't know how strong Luo Zheng's soul was. He simply couldn't imagine that a Divine Reflection Realm kid actually had the soul of a Battle Soul!
After continuously inscribing for twelve hours, Luo Zheng finally felt a trace of exhaustion. This was a sign that he had overexerted his Spiritual Force. Hence, he stopped inscribing Divine Inscriptions. In the corner of the hall, over two hundred 3-star Divine Inscriptions were neatly arranged.
At this rate, he would finish drawing runes in about a month.
At this time, Zong Rui could only sigh. Not to mention how difficult it was to draw runes that he didn't understand at all, even if Zong Rui had to draw a 1-star rune for six hours straight, his soul would probably collapse.
This kid's soul must be made of iron!
After resting for a night, Luo Zheng's spirit was full again. He began to draw runes again. The assistants in the hall also busied themselves with breaking down materials, drying them, and grinding them. These processes were also very complicated.
At this time, the temperature in the hall dropped slightly. Ning Yudie floated in. The assistants and deacons shuttling back and forth in the hall all saluted the Palace Lord. Ning Yudie waved her hand slightly, indicating that they shouldn't disturb Luo Zheng.
Her eyes, which were as warm as the sun, glistened like a tranquil valley. With a refreshing classical charm, she quietly gazed at Luo Zheng.
However, Luo Zheng didn't seem to notice. He was only focused on waving the tip of his brush, immersed in the world of runes.
(Thanks to Chen Feng for once again tipping 20,000 reading coins, becoming the first Master of this book! In the future, the four chapters will be finished before 11 pm. The update time will also stabilize. Then, the chapters will be released ^ _ ^)
＝＝＝＝＝

Chapter 508
The clouds that surrounded the Cloud Hall all day long quietly dispersed, and a few rays of golden sunlight shone in, outlining Ning Yudie's slender and elegant figure.
She silently watched Luo Zheng for a long time before floating away.
To Ning Yudie, this was actually an irrational gamble. She had just placed her bet, and now she was facing great pressure from the elders of the Cloud Hall.
Although Granny Yu, Daoist Master Dameng, and the other elders didn't give her too much resentment, Ning Yudie knew that they didn't understand her actions either.
This bet was too big, and it was very likely that the Cloud Hall would be lost …
Just as she walked out of the Cloud Hall, she saw Mister Zhuo and the other elders aggressively surrounding her. In addition to the elders, there were also many patriarchs of third-rank clans and sect masters of third-rank sects.
These patriarchs and sect masters were all forces of Cloud Sea City, and they had always been vassals of the Cloud Hall. If the Cloud Hall collapsed, it would bring about a tsunami-like earthquake, and they would also be in great trouble.
Placing the hope of resisting Cui Xie on Luo Zheng was indeed not a wise decision.
"Hall Master, please reconsider. How can a fourth-rank sect place its hopes on Luo Zheng!"
"Hall Master, our Cloud Returning Sect has been loyal to the Cloud Hall for two hundred years, and we will follow the Cloud Hall to our deaths. But we can't just because of a Divine Realm kid …"
"Handing over Luo Zheng is the only way!"
All kinds of words came one after another, some were passionate, some were angry, some were heartfelt, and some were helpless. Like a violent storm, Ning Yudie felt as if she was about to be drowned, and as a Temple Master, she couldn't even find a way to escape from all of this.
After a while, Ning Yudie finally dealt with this group of people.
Returning to her ice palace, Ning Yudie's expression was wooden as she watched the Ice Phoenix gently float over and perch on her shoulder. She lightly bit her thin lips and unconsciously spat out a curse. "Damn it, what a loss …"
But she was this kind of woman. Once she chose a direction, she wouldn't change her mind. Even if the road ahead was thorny and painful, she would bear it and press forward.
How could Luo Zheng not know the kind of pressure Ning Yudie was bearing?
But Cui Xie could come to "visit" at any time, so Luo Zheng could only put all his energy into drawing the runes.
Even though Luo Zheng's soul was at the War Soul Realm, drawing Divine Runes at such a high intensity would still consume a lot of his energy. He would draw Divine Runes for sixteen hours a day, and the remaining eight hours would be used to recover his mental strength. This was a test for Luo Zheng's soul.
The first day and the second day were still fine.
On the third day, Luo Zheng almost didn't want to wake up from his sleep. The excessive extraction of soul energy had caused his soul to be extremely tired, and he couldn't recover with just a short sleep.
Luo Zheng had no choice but to wear the Soul Nurturing Jade that Shi Kefan gave him. At the same time, he swallowed some soul nourishing pills.
In this period of time, Luo Zheng's soul had become more stable as he desperately squeezed out his soul energy. His soul was faintly plated with traces of dark green light.
The Battle Soul Realm wasn't the end of the soul. Above the Battle Soul Realm was the Blue Soul Realm. However, in order for his soul to enter the Blue Soul Realm, he still needed a lot of tempering. It was far from what Luo Zheng could hope for right now.
During this period of time, Ning Yudie would find an opportunity to visit Luo Zheng.
In the face of the pressure from all aspects of the Cloud Hall, she could only slightly relax when she saw Luo Zheng's incomparably serious face.
During this period of time, the Cloud Hall also paid close attention to Cui Xie's movements. According to the information obtained by the Cloud Hall, after Cui Xie left Tianqi City, it seemed that he was looking for a way to cure Cui Yun's Martial Heart.
A broken Martial Heart was almost a devastating blow to a warrior. From then on, the warrior would not be able to recover from the setback and would even lose the confidence to survive.
It wasn't easy to repair a Martial Heart. Even if it was repaired, there would be some side effects, such as the trouble of memory loss, and the mind might even be damaged. And if left alone, it would become more and more difficult to repair as time passed. This was because a warrior's memory would become more and more profound. Therefore, Cui Xie's first goal wasn't to find trouble with the Cloud Hall, but to repair Cui Yun's Martial Heart.
This news might be the only good news for the Cloud Hall. At least, it helped the Cloud Hall gain a lot of time.
Unknowingly, more than half a month had passed. On the 19th day, the 4,900 divine runes were finally drawn. There were only three five-star divine runes left, which were also the most important ones.
The materials for these three five-star divine runes alone cost 4,000 top-grade True Origin Stones. They were also the three most important divine runes in the Great Sect Protection Array. The entire Great Sect Protection Array, which had more than 4,000 divine runes, relied on these three five-star divine runes to build up.
The first five-star divine rune was called the "Light of Abundant Water." This divine rune could gather the power of 1,400 divine runes and condense them into a Great Sect Protection Array.
The second five-star divine rune was called the "Fury of Thunder Punishment." This was an offensive divine rune that could stimulate an offensive effect similar to that of a Thunder Tribulation.
The third five-star divine rune was called the "Frenzy Trap." This was a trap rune. It needed to be triggered by the other party before it could be activated.
These three five-star divine runes weren't personally drawn by Luo Zheng. Although Luo Zheng had a high chance of completing these three divine runes, the materials were far too precious. If there was even the slightest mistake, it could very well be destroyed.
It wasn't that the Cloud Hall couldn't take out so many True Origin Stones. Unfortunately, there were some materials that couldn't be bought with money in a short period of time. Now that they were facing a great enemy, Luo Zheng wasn't willing to take this risk.
A massive piece of rune paper was placed in front of Luo Zheng. When Luo Zheng picked up the brush, a wisp of Qinglong's soul sank into the rune brush. The brush tip heavily fell onto the paper, suddenly erupting with a water-like luster. This luster contained a strong power of Water Laws!
One-star to four-star divine runes didn't have high requirements for the power of Laws. But to draw a five-star divine rune, one had to be proficient in the power of Laws. For example, to draw the "Watery Light" rune, one had to be completely proficient in the first level of the Water Laws. Otherwise, it would be impossible to draw it.
For example, there were some Divine Pattern Masters in the higher realms who cultivated the power of Laws of Fire and Thunder. Then, they wouldn't be able to draw the "Watery Light" rune. This was because in order to stimulate the special properties of the ink, one had to have a thorough understanding of the Water Laws.
Seeing Luo Zheng's brush tip blossom with a watery light, Zong Rui sucked in a deep breath of cold air!
Zong Rui could also draw a five-star divine rune, but how could a five-star divine rune require such a strong power of Laws? Was this fellow really drawing a five-star divine rune, and not a six-star or seven-star divine rune?
"Once the power of this divine rune is stimulated, just how great will it be?" Zong Rui couldn't help but look forward to it.
In the Central Domain, the highest level of divine rune was only at the six-star divine rune level. Moreover, in the current world, only a few old fellows in the Runic Tower could barely draw it. However, they simply didn't need such a strong power of Laws!
This was also the strength of divine runes. If one had to calculate, the power of this five-star divine rune was roughly comparable to the power of an eight-star divine rune in the Central Domain. This was also the reason why Luo Zheng was so confident in this Great Sect Protection Array!
The strokes on the divine rune paper were like tiny rivers flowing with extraordinary splendor. They intertwined with each other, complex and full of beauty.
Drawing the "Watery Light" rune took Luo Zheng four hours. After four hours, Luo Zheng drew the final stroke and finally formed a perfect divine rune.
"Hualala …"
Everyone in the hall could hear the melodious sound of flowing water. This Divine Imprint was like a landscape painting that had come to life, causing everyone to feel a gentle and soft intent, as though they were immersed in the environment.
When the ripples on the divine rune gradually subsided, the aura emitted by the Law of Water gradually disappeared. Only then did the hall slowly return to normal.
Luo Zheng glanced at Zong Rui, then said with a calm expression, "Next one!"
At this moment, a clamor came from the entrance of the hall.
"Ning Yudie announced that she was going into seclusion these days. I think she's just running away! The Cloud Hall is about to collapse. How can she hide in her own ice palace and not come out? She's too irresponsible! "
"She must give us an explanation!"
"I heard that Luo Zheng is drawing some bullshit divine rune here. It's just a Great Sect Protection Array, what's the use of it! Catch this brat and either hand him over or force Ning Yudie out! "
The clamor came closer, and soon, a group of people appeared at the entrance.
Zong Rui's face was ashen and gloomy. Luo Zheng was at the most critical moment, and this group of idiots actually dared to cause trouble here.

Chapter 509
During this period of half a month, a strong feeling of danger had suffused the entire Cloud Hall and Ocean of Clouds City. Even the 5 2nd Rank Sects under Ocean of Clouds City had sensed danger, and they were filled with panic.
In addition to Mr. Zhuo spreading the news in the Cloud Hall, Luo Zheng's deeds in the Martial Arts Competition had also slowly spread through various channels.
A junior in the Divine Reflection Realm had killed one of the opponents in front of the number one person in the Eastern Domain, and had even left safely.
This was originally a great topic of conversation. After adding details and details, Luo Zheng was simply described as an omnipotent figure. Like many legendary stories, it was spread by word of mouth in pubs, teahouses, and restaurants.
"I heard that Luo Zheng didn't even bat an eyelid in front of Cui Xie. He sliced Si Miaoling's neck with his sword!"
"Cui Xie is an expert in the Life and Death Realm. He can kill with a single glance, but he was actually defeated by a teenager. I can only say that there are geniuses in every generation, but this talent is too …"
"He was originally a genius, and he destroyed the heart of the god-level genius Cui Yun with just his mouth. Hehe, I don't know what level of genius this guy is. The concept of talent in the Central Domain can't describe his evilness at all!"
"Unfortunately, although he escaped unscathed, he has provoked a great enemy for the Cloud Hall. Now the Cloud Hall is in imminent danger and is on emergency alert. If Cui Xie comes, how will the Cloud Hall deal with him?"
"I think the little beauty of the Cloud Hall shouldn't have rushed to join in the fun. Luo Zheng was originally confident that he could block Cui Xie's punch. If she joined in the fun, wouldn't she be putting the Cloud Hall into the fire pit?"
"Humph, don't be fooled by the cold appearance of the Cloud Hall's Hall Master. I think she has fallen in love with that kid Luo Zheng. Why would she care so much when she sees her lover in trouble? I don't know how many lifetimes of good fortune Luo Zheng has accumulated! "
There were all kinds of discussions from all walks of life!
As soon as such rumors spread throughout the city, it caused the entire city to be covered in a layer of gloominess.
What would happen to the Cloud Sect if Cui Xie came? What would happen to the Cloud Hall?
As a result, the situation in the Cloud Hall became more and more intense. In the beginning, Ning Yudie could still use her identity as the Hall Master to suppress them. But as more and more people stirred up trouble, Ning Yudie gradually lost control.........................
The Elders, Patriarchs, and Sect Masters couldn't find a place to vent their frustrations, nor could they solve the problem. In the end, they set their sights on Luo Zheng. When they learned that Luo Zheng had set up the Great Sect Protecting Array at Zong Rui's place, they hurriedly rushed over!
During this period of time, Mister Zhuo was the most complacent.
Mister Zhuo was the person with the highest chance of succeeding the Hall Master's position. If it wasn't for Ning Yudie's appearance, the person sitting on the Hall Master's position would have been him. But in the end, he was forcibly pushed down by Ning Yudie. This matter had always been Mister Zhuo's regret.
In the eyes of others, it was a crisis. But in Mister Zhuo's eyes, this was an opportunity for him to turn things around. Cui Xie was powerful, but he was an independent warrior after all. His ambition was to establish a Divine Nation and take control of the entire Central Domain. A mere Cloud Hall was probably nothing in Cui Xie's eyes. Otherwise, with Cui Xie's strength, he would have developed a Rank 4 Sect long ago.
If Cui Xie got rid of Ning Yudie and Granny Yu, and Mister Zhuo sided with Cui Xie, who in the Cloud Hall would dare to compete with him?
But before that, Mister Zhuo had to pretend to be a good person. Not only could he vent his anger, but he could also win people's hearts. Why not?
Today, everyone dared to come to Zong Rui because of Mister Zhuo's instigation.
Looking at the aggressive crowd, Zong Rui said angrily, "What do you want?"
"Nothing! We want you to hand over that brat Luo Zheng! "
"Zong Rui, I respect you as an Elder of the Cloud Hall. I'll give you face. Stand aside!"
As Rune Masters, there were times when the elders had to ask for Zong Rui's help. Normally, everyone would be amiable as they were afraid of offending Zong Rui. However, it was useless at this time. The storm was brewing. In their eyes, the Cloud Hall was about to collapse. How could they still give Zong Rui face?
The bustling crowd entered the hall and saw Luo Zheng at a glance.
At this moment, Luo Zheng was dipping his rune pen in ink and starting to draw the second five-star rune.
The Wrath of Thunder Punishment was to amplify the first level of the Law of Thunder to the limit. Even Qinglong had to brew for a while. After finding the right feeling, he poured his soul force into the rune pen.
"Crackle!"
The power of thunder and lightning was known for its violent and violent nature. When Qinglong's rune began to draw on the rune power in the ink, an azure arc of electricity flashed. It was only a hair-thin arc of electricity, but it contained the complete Law of Thunder, making people tremble with fear.
"What is that brat doing?"
"He's not drawing runes, is he? Is he cultivating? "
"Ignore him. Take him away first!"
"Let's wait and see. A Divine Reflection brat can't possibly grow wings and fly!"
Hearing the discussions of those people, Luo Zheng only glanced at them indifferently. Only then did he concentrate on drawing the rune. Although this rune mainly relied on Qinglong's soul force, it still required Luo Zheng to control the tip of the pen. The lines still had to be drawn by Luo Zheng.
The instant Luo Zheng's rune pen touched the surface of the paper, violent arcs of electricity erupted. With Luo Zheng's pen as the center, Luo Zheng's rune pen continuously exploded. As Luo Zheng's pen pressed down, a boundless bolt of lightning shot out from his pen.
The sudden burst of electricity could almost blind people. However, Luo Zheng's eyes were wide open. He didn't blink in the slightest. Bolts of lightning seemed to be chiseled on the paper.
At this moment, Luo Zheng was like the son of thunder and lightning. It was as if all the thunder and lightning in the world were serving him. He was the God in charge of the Law of Thunder Punishment, a Celestial Immortal!
"Crackle, crackle, crackle, crackle …"
The originally noisy crowd was all dumbfounded by what they saw.
In the hall, no one spoke. There was only the sound of thunder and lightning arcs exploding. Some of the more timid martial artists even trembled from time to time.
"The last stroke!"
Luo Zheng spun the rune pen in a circle in his hand, drawing a perfect circle. He fixed the paper with his thumb, exerted force in his palm, and gently rolled the rune, sealing it!
"Bang …"
The sound of thunder and lightning gradually subsided. It slowly quieted down and finally turned into a plain ink stroke …
"Is, is he really drawing runes?"
"If Zong Rui didn't say so, I would have thought that he was cultivating some extremely powerful cultivation method!"
"Good, very powerful. Maybe his Sect Protection Array can really resist Cui Xie and protect our Cloud Hall!"
Hearing those discussions, Luo Zheng's face was still expressionless. He put down the rune pen, walked to the edge of the hall, and put his hands in a basin of clear water. Although the thunder and lightning wouldn't hurt Luo Zheng, the high temperature would affect Luo Zheng's hand. Next, he needed to draw the third rune, which was also the last rune!
The rune "Frenzy Trap" was a trap. It was very similar to an illusion array. However, it belonged to the killing array of the illusion arrays. It could lure and kill strong enemies.
Luo Zheng shook off the water droplets on his hands. He carefully wiped them with a towel and returned to his seat.
Zong Rui personally helped Luo Zheng remove the "Fury of Thunder Punishment" and replaced it with a brand new rune paper. Then, he respectfully stood to the side.
Luo Zheng picked up the rune pen again. The assistant next to him handed him the ink. Luo Zheng dipped the ink into the ink. Qinglong's soul force curled around it.
"Buzz buzz buzz …"
This time, Luo Zheng's brush tip presented a psychedelic color!
The materials used to create the "Frenzy Trap" were mostly "Bewitching Bone" and "Millennium Fox Heart". They were specially used to set up an illusion array. Therefore, when the energy contained in the materials was stimulated, even Luo Zheng almost lost his mind!
Unexpectedly, he was able to see Ning Yudie's incomparably beautiful face in the light of the brush tip.
In the illusion, Ning Yudie was half naked. Her petite but strong body slowly walked towards him. Her usual cold eyes had long disappeared. Instead, she was staring at him with a seductive gaze.
Seeing that Luo Zheng was confused, Qinglong really wanted to help Luo Zheng break free from the illusion. However, Luo Zheng's eyes seemed to have been struck by lightning. He raised his eyebrows and his eyes became clear again!
"Not bad. You have a strong will. You can break free from this illusion. Start writing!" Qinglong was surprised that Luo Zheng could break free from the illusion by himself.
Luo Zheng nodded. Soon after, he outlined a psychedelic color on the rune paper. Clouds of pink and purple mist rose along with the soft strokes of the brush.
Luo Zheng could break free from the illusion, but other people might not be able to. Zong Rui and the others, for example, were all staring at the mist with dull eyes. It was as if their souls were being sucked into the mist.

Chapter 510
As Luo Zheng's brush kept drawing out illusory lines, the entire hall was filled with an illusory mist, and some obscene noises could be heard coming from within the mist.
The first to be confused were Zong Rui's assistants, then Zong Rui and the deacons, and the group of men led by Mister Zhuo.
Among this group of men, there were many Sect Elders, Sect Chiefs, and Patriarchs. Many of them were Late Divine Core warriors, and some were even Early Void Tribulation warriors. Even they couldn't resist the illusion created by the Divine Runes!
After Luo Zheng finished drawing the runes, he glanced around and saw the hideous faces of these men. Luo Zheng was secretly shocked.
This Five Star Divine Imprint was actually so powerful. He hadn't even activated this Five Star Divine Imprint, but the aura it emitted was actually able to confuse a False Tribulation Realm expert. If these three Five Star Divine Imprints were arranged and combined with 4,900 Three Star and Four Star Divine Imprints, how powerful would they be?
Just by imagining it, Luo Zheng became excited. While being excited, the brush in his hand slightly swayed.
"Be careful!" Qinglong was concentrating on using his soul energy. The biggest taboo when drawing a Divine Rune was to be distracted, as even the slightest mistake could cause the entire Divine Rune to be destroyed.
Luckily, Luo Zheng was able to calm his mind in time, and the brush instantly stabilized, then he started drawing the last Divine Rune with full concentration.
When the first half of the Chaos Trap was drawn, pink and purple mists were still emitted from it. The brush was soft and gentle, and it was filled with an extremely seductive intent!
However, when he reached the second half of the drawing, the tip of Luo Zheng's brush changed and a surge of murderous aura bloomed on the rune paper. Then, a pure black fog rose up. It seemed as if a group of armored horses were trampling through the black fog. The murderous aura enveloped the entire hall like a mountain.
Under this strong killing intent, the tip of Luo Zheng's brush became vigorous and powerful, and every stroke was like an iron tree with golden hooks.
"Ahhh!"
"Plop!"
One of the deacons who was still in a daze was suddenly covered by the killing intent. His eyes rolled back, and he fainted.
Luo Zheng stared coldly at the group of men not far from him. These men were indeed difficult to deal with, and it seemed like Ning Yudie had suffered a lot for the past few days. She deserved to be taught a lesson. Therefore, Luo Zheng's brush became even more powerful!
Under the control of Qinglong's soul energy, the murderous intent created an illusion, causing the faces of those Sect Elders, Sect Chiefs, and Patriarchs to turn pale. Their faces were covered in cold sweat …
Actually, at this moment, Luo Zheng was borrowing the Azure Dragon's soul power to pressure them through the divine runes!
How powerful was Qinglong's soul? Before devouring the Moonkin Evil Spirit, the Azure Dragon's strength was already beyond Luo Zheng's imagination. After devouring the Moonkin Evil Spirit, the Azure Dragon's soul had recovered significantly!
Luo Zheng's's soul energy's a soul soul, Luo Zheng ''s soul energy energy energy, he, Lun's soul!
"Plop … plop …"
People kept falling to the ground.
Although Zong Rui was only a Divine Core warrior, because he was a Rune Master, his soul was much stronger than other warriors at the same level as him. Although he was having a hard time holding on, he didn't faint.
"Seal!"
Luo Zheng's final stroke was like a giant blade slashing down. The Five Star Divine Rune was finally completed!
All the smog in the main hall disappeared in an instant. It was as if the clouds had been dispelled and the sun had been revealed.
The group of Sect Elders and housekeepers had also escaped from the illusion. They were all panting heavily, and when they looked at Luo Zheng, fear could be seen in their eyes. They were a group of Void Tribulation warriors, but they were scared of Luo Zheng, who was two whole realms lower than them. This was a miracle!
Even Mister Zhuo's face had turned pale. He stared at Luo Zheng with a gloomy and complicated expression.
How could a Divine Reflection young man be able to do this? Where did this young man come from?! Mister Zhuo realized that he had underestimated Luo Zheng. He wasn't at the scene of the Martial Competition. Even if the rumors were true, Mister Zhuo didn't think Luo Zheng was as strong as he thought. To be able to survive Cui Xie's punch, Luo Zheng had only relied on luck!
Luck was something that could only be used once, it wasn't a reflection of one's strength. But now, Mister Zhuo realized that he was wrong. It wasn't a matter of luck that this young man was able to survive until now. If this young man was given time to grow, no one knew what kind of man he would become in the future.
"I need to find a chance to get rid of him!" Mister Zhuo's killing intent had already been planted in his heart.
Ever since he met Luo Zheng for the first time in the Path of Trials, Mister Zhuo had this thought. However, Luo Zheng would either stay in the Cloud Hall, or disappear after leaving the Cloud Hall. Mister Zhuo didn't have the chance to do so.
Zong Rui took out pills with Divine Runes on them and shoved them into the mouths of the assistants and deacons, waking them up one by one.
Luo Zheng set aside his rune pen and walked towards the elders and family heads. He calmly asked, "May I ask what brings you all here?"
"Something, no … nothing." Perhaps it was because of the stimulation from the illusion just now, but one of the elders actually lost his confidence.
Mister Zhuo sneered, "Of course there's something. You angered Cui Xie and brought disaster to the Cloud Hall. As a disciple of the Cloud Hall, if you're sensible, you should walk out of the Cloud Hall on your own and bear the brunt of Cui Xie's anger. Clear the name of the Cloud Hall!"
"Oh? Is this Mister Zhuo's intention? What if I don't? "Luo Zheng calmly asked.
"Haha," Mister Zhuo's eyes flashed with a dangerous light, "You're just a Divine Reflection Realm cultivator, a disciple of the Cloud Hall's Elite Hall. It's already a great favor for you to be able to stand here and talk to us face to face. What qualifications do you have to say no?"
Mister Zhuo was one of the best of the Cloud Hall's elders. His status was much higher than Luo Zheng's.
If Mister Zhuo had said this in the past, it would have been appropriate. Mister Zhuo even had the power to kill the disciples of the Elite Hall.
However, at this moment, Luo Zheng sneered and said, "Since it's a favor, I don't need it. Please leave!"
Luo Zheng knew very well that these guys were just putting on airs. They were afraid of Ning Yudie and Granny Yu. If it weren't for these taboos, they would have tied him up and thrown him out of the Cloud Hall long ago. Why bother wasting words with him here?
Wasting words with them? Luo Zheng was very tired of it.
"You …" Mister Zhuo, a mid-stage False Tribulation Realm cultivator, immediately flew into a rage after being treated like this by a Divine Reflection Realm junior. He raised his right hand and looked like he was about to attack.
Luo Zheng didn't even bat an eyelid. He turned his head and arranged the divine glyphs. These divine glyphs weren't just drawn out. They had to be arranged in accordance with the previous design. They had to be arranged in various parts of the Cloud Hall. Only then could they be effective. This was also a huge project.
Mister Zhuo really didn't dare to attack. He knew very well how much Ning Yudie protected this brat. Killing Luo Zheng was easy, but the problem was, how could he bear the wrath of Ning Yudie? Therefore, even if Mister Zhuo wanted to attack, he would do it in a situation where no one knew. Unfortunately, his raised right hand was a bit awkward. He could only put it down dejectedly.
Stacks after stacks of Divine Inscriptions were piled up in an orderly manner.
While Luo Zheng was arranging them, he glanced at the elders who were unwilling to leave but couldn't do anything to him. In fact, Luo Zheng understood their feelings. Humans were animals that sought benefits and avoided harm. Who would be willing to be dragged into the abyss by the Cloud Hall?
"Elders, you've all just experienced the power of this five-star divine glyphs," Luo Zheng said as he stacked a stack of divine glyphs together. "The 4,903 divine glyphs rely on each other to create a great sect-protecting formation. Although it can't kill Cui Xie, it can keep him outside."
"How confident are you?" These elders were very unwilling to hand over the fate of the Cloud Hall to Luo Zheng. The fate of a dignified fourth-rank sect was placed on the shoulders of a Divine Reflection brat. It was a funny thing in itself.
However, after experiencing the power of Luo Zheng's divine glyphs, some elders were slightly shaken. Just a five-star divine glyphs could confuse them. How powerful would this great sect-protecting formation be when it was activated?
If it could really stop Cui Xie, this great sect-protecting formation could completely become the most valuable treasure of the Cloud Hall. It could even be the most valuable treasure among treasures. It was at least ten times stronger than the great sect-protecting formation left behind by Feng Guanyu of the Void Spirit Sect.
Luo Zheng raised his head. His gaze was calm. He faintly replied, "80%."
＝＝＝＝＝

Chapter 511
Luo Zheng had never been willing to give a complete answer.
When Grandma Yu had asked him this question, he had also answered in this way.
Now, he still gave the same answer.
The Elders, as well as the many Patriarchs and Sect Masters, were all silent. The Sect Masters were actually somewhat convinced.
"Eighty percent, haha, young people these days are too good at boasting! Aren't they afraid of biting their tongues in the wind? "Mister Zhuo sneered.
Luo Zheng chose to ignore Mister Zhuo's words. How could he not see that this guy was here to undermine him?
At that time, Luo Zheng had relied on the barrier at the Martial Arts Conference to block Cui Xie's punch. Although Cui Xie hadn't erupted with his true strength at that time, Luo Zheng had only changed a part of the runes.
Fortunately, no matter what Mister Zhuo said, the other Elders and Sect Masters weren't blind. They had also seen the power of Luo Zheng's runes. At this moment, they couldn't say anything.
"Let's see how effective his Sect Protecting Grand Array is!"
"In my opinion, even if the Sect Protecting Grand Array can't stop Cui Xie, it won't be too late to hand over Luo Zheng."
"Yes, this path can be taken step by step. Cui Xie is targeting Luo Zheng …"
The Elders communicated with each other using True Essence Sound Transmissions. In the end, they chose to leave.
After these people left, Mister Zhuo could only glare fiercely at Luo Zheng before leaving the hall.
After everyone left, Luo Zheng suddenly raised his head and looked in a certain direction. He faintly smiled and made a hand gesture.
In the Ice Palace, Ning Yudie, who was in seclusion, smiled and burned a True Essence Talisman. "You knew …"
"Of course I knew you were spying on me," Luo Zheng said first.
Ning Yudie cutely rolled her eyes. "Who wants to spy on you!"
"No matter what, you have to thank me, right? Luo Zheng chuckled and said, "But you have to be careful of that Mr. Zhuo. This person has a wild ambition. I'm afraid he will ruin things at the crucial moment."
Ning Yudie nodded, "Yes, I understand..."
Ning Yudie was naturally able to discern Mister Zhuo's ambition. Half of the reason why that group of Elders had caused such a ruckus was because of him. However, the Zhuo Clan was a Third Rank Clan Leader in Cloudsea City, so it was utterly impossible to get rid of him without a good excuse.
"Time is of the essence. I'm going to set up the sect-protecting array."
After he finished speaking, Luo Zheng carried a stack of divine inscriptions and greeted Zong Rui. Zong Rui's face instantly revealed a look of excitement. He had long been looking forward to this unprecedented protective array.
The Cloud Hall floating in the sky looked like an oval-shaped egg from a bird's eye view. The 4,900 runes were divided into three groups according to a certain pattern.
"This sect-protecting array is set up according to the Major Heavenly Cycle Triple Kill Formation, but it's just a smaller version. It can be called the Minor Heavenly Cycle Triple Kill Formation," Qinglong explained as he pointed out the direction.
"Major Heavenly Cycle Triple Kill Formation?" Luo Zheng was stunned when he heard this name.
"Yes, it's one of the Three Great Mysterious Arrays born in this era. It's on par with the Immortal Execution Formation and the Sun Flame Formation," Qinglong said slowly.
Luo Zheng was even more stunned, "Three Great Mysterious Arrays? Could it be that the Major Heavenly Cycle Array isn't one of the Three Great Mysterious Arrays?"
"Hehe, the Major Heavenly Cycle Array is indeed powerful, but the Three Great Mysterious Arrays are for protection..." Qinglong paused and changed his words, "Of course, this Major Heavenly Cycle Triple Kill Formation is just an imitation of the Major Heavenly Cycle Triple Kill Formation. Its power is probably not even a billionth of the Major Heavenly Cycle Triple Kill Formation, but it's enough to be used as the sect-protecting array of the Central Domain."
Although Qinglong didn't finish his words, Luo Zheng still silently memorized the Three Great Mysterious Arrays in his mind.
When they arrived at the first location, Luo Zheng placed a Divine Rune on the ground, then he injected his Qi into it. In an instant, the Divine Rune was activated. As the Divine Rune glowed brightly, the talisman paper started burning. When the talisman paper turned into ashes, the Divine Rune was left on the ground, as if it had been engraved on the ground.
Zong Rui followed Luo Zheng's instructions and started placing the Divine Runes. The steps of placing Divine Runes and talismans were the same, so it wasn't a difficult task for Zong Rui and his assistants.
The first Divine Rune, the second Divine Rune, the third Divine Rune …
Divine Runes appeared in every corner of the Cloud Hall. Although the positions of these Divine Runes looked messy, they all had their own corresponding positions.
Aside from the Divine Runes, there were also two Divine Core deacons who were carrying a formation disc as tall as a man. This huge formation disc was made by a professional craftsman, and it was used to control these Divine Runes.
After spending half a day, they finished placing all the Divine Runes in the first area.
After that, they placed all the Divine Runes in the second area, and then the third area. Luo Zheng brought Zong Rui and a few other assistants and flew back and forth in the skies above the Cloud Hall.
After placing all 4,900 Divine Runes, Luo Zheng placed three Five Star Divine Runes in the third area. After recording them all with the formation disc, the entire Minor Universal Triple Slaughter Formation was finally completed. The one month long project had finally come to an end. The next step was to test the Sect Protecting Grand Formation.
Today, the sky was clear. The clouds that surrounded the Cloud Hall all year long had vanished without a trace. From the skies above the Cloud Hall, one could see the entire Cloud Sea City. At the same time, the tens of millions of mortals in the city could also see the Immortal's Palace floating in the skies.
Above the Cloud Hall, a few dozen Sect Elders and Clan Lords were hovering in the skies, as if they were waiting for something.
Ning Yudie was quietly floating on the side, watching Luo Zheng and Zong Rui making the final adjustments to the formation disc.
"Are you ready?" Ning Yudie asked.
"Yes, it's ready. All the True Origin Stones are in place." Luo Zheng nodded.
The power of the Divine Runes came from the materials in the ink, but they still needed to rely on the energy in the True Origin Stones to drive them.
At this moment, Luo Zheng was slightly nervous. There couldn't be a single mistake in the 4,903 Divine Runes. Otherwise, it would be difficult for the Sect Protecting Grand Formation to operate.
He took a deep breath, and then gently moved the formation disc. As the formation disc slowly rotated, rays of light began to flicker above the Cloud Hall.
Even the sunlight couldn't cover up the radiance of those Divine Runes!
The first Divine Rune lit up, the second Divine Rune lit up, and then even more Divine Runes lit up …
Under the control of the formation disc, these Divine Runes reflected each other and projected rays of light. From afar, they formed a huge Divine Rune, and in the center of this Divine Rune, an azure lightning suddenly burst out.
"Crack!"
The "Wrath of Thunder Punishment" was also activated!
A thick bolt of lightning flashed. The lightning was like a dragon soaring into the sky, and the power it released was incomparably terrifying.
After the lightning disappeared, the lightning in that area flickered little by little.
"The first area is fine." Luo Zheng rotated the formation disc again.
In the second region, a faint mist was slowly released. The 'chaos trap' was buried in the second region. Before the chaos trap was triggered, there wasn't much of a reaction. However, when more than a thousand divine runes in the second region lit up and then went back to normal, it meant that the chaos trap was successfully set up.
When Luo Zheng rotated the formation disc again, the Divine Runes in the last area were also lit up by Luo Zheng.
The moment those Divine Runes lit up, a bit of water vapor strangely appeared in the sky. Under the sunlight, this water vapor formed a beautiful rainbow.
Then the water vapor continuously condensed together, gradually turning into a huge barrier. This huge barrier was like a big bowl, covering the entire Cloud Hall. This was the defensive barrier of the Minor Heavenly Cycle Three Slaughter Formation, the "Light of Abundant Water", and also the most important barrier!
With a gust of wind blowing, countless water ripples appeared on the huge barrier above their heads.
"This is just a big water bubble. I'm afraid it will burst with a touch. How can it block Cui Xie? I think even my spear won't be able to block it! "An Elder said as he floated to the edge of the barrier.
Then a black spear appeared in the Elder's hand, and he aimed it at the barrier and began to condense his spear intent.
"Ha!"
The Elder fiercely shouted, and the black spear suddenly pierced out. How terrifying was the spear of a False Tribulation Realm expert?
"Pop!"

Chapter 512
This' Light of Abundant Water 'indeed looked fragile, as if it was just a water-colored bubble that would shatter and disintegrate with a light stab.
That elder had unleashed 80% of his strength in that spear attack!
The perfect spear strike of a False Tribulation Realm powerhouse could even pierce a large hole in a mountain, let alone an ordinary barrier. However, when it struck the barrier, other than causing ripples, there was no reaction at all.
"The attack was deflected and then spread across the entire barrier. The characteristics of this barrier are really amazing. The person who can construct this rune … is probably an immortal!" The elder exclaimed.
Just now, when his spear pierced the barrier, it felt as if there was a gentle force on the barrier that constantly dissolved the power of his spear. It deflected all of his power towards the barrier in all directions, allowing the entire barrier to bear the power of his spear. It didn't allow the power of his spear to be concentrated on a single point.
Seeing this scene, the other elders also used various methods to attack the 'Light of Abundant Water'.
Saber, sword, fist, spear …
The elders also used their own unique skills.
"Bang bang bang …"
For a time, various colors of True Essence dissipated and flashed, and ripples constantly appeared on the Light of Abundant Water barrier. From afar, it looked like a sparkling lake that was being blown by a breeze.
No matter how they attacked, the barrier still remained unmoved!
After the elders stopped, they looked at the huge barrier in front of them with their mouths agape, unable to say a word.
In order to verify whether this barrier was reliable, several Void Tribulation Realm elders also used all their strength, but they still couldn't break this barrier …
"So far, a barrier that can block the attacks of six or seven Void Tribulation Realm experts has never appeared in the Central Domain. Even the Void Spirit Sect's Sect Protecting Formation can't compare …" An elder muttered.
"But even if it can block our attacks, can it block Cui Xie?" Someone was still worried.
Cui Xie had transcended life and death and had survived three life and death tribulations. His strength was far beyond their imagination. He could block the attacks of many Void Tribulation Realm experts, but he might not be able to block Cui Xie.
At this moment, in a corner of the Cloud Hall, the door of a thatched hut swayed slightly and creaked. Then, it was opened.
This small thatched cottage was where Granny Yu went into seclusion. Other than Ning Yudie, no one else was allowed to approach it.
Granny Jade walked out of the thatched hut with her walking stick. Although her movements looked slow, her speed was extremely fast. She only took a few shaky steps, and her figure flickered in the air above the Cloud Hall.
"Master." After seeing her master appear, Ning Yudie's figure floated over to greet him.
The elders also respectfully bowed to Granny Yu. Although Granny Yu rarely showed her face, she was still the pillar of Cloud Hall.
Granny Yu nodded and glanced at Luo Zheng. Then, her figure flashed and arrived at the edge of the barrier. She extended her crutch towards the barrier.
At Granny Jade's level of cultivation, her true essence was already extremely restrained. Although this strike of her walking stick seemed ordinary, it contained a kind of "grand momentum" that made one's heart palpitate.
Everyone's eyes were wide open as they stared motionlessly at the crutch in Granny Yu's hand.
"Pop!"
When Granny Yu's crutch touched the barrier, the entire barrier began to tremble violently. Huge ripples quickly spread through the entire barrier.
Granny Yu's eyes flashed. She gently retracted her crutch and fiercely struck out again!
"Pop!"
The surface of the barrier surged like a gale, undulating up and down. But in the end, it still blocked Granny Yu's attack!
"Hehe." Granny Yu let out an aged laugh. "Not bad. I used all my strength just now, but this barrier still has energy left. Luo Zheng is my Cloud Hall's lucky star."
People with great luck often have two states. Some people have great luck, and while their luck is great, they can also bring luck to the people around them, affecting their fates! And some people, although their luck is great, they need to swallow the luck of the people around them, absorbing the luck of others into themselves!
These two states were constantly changing. Luck was a very mysterious concept that could not be guessed.
But at this moment, Granny Yu firmly believed that Luo Zheng belonged to the former. His arrival will also bring luck to the Cloud Hall …
Granny Yu's words determined Luo Zheng's fate. The several Elders were well aware that in the future, no one would dare to cause trouble for this little guy. Offending Ning Yudie was still fine. As the Hall Master, she couldn't be too biased. As long as they were reasonable, they could still fight against Ning Yudie.
However, Granny Yu was no longer the Hall Master, but she was still the Grand Elder of the Cloud Hall. Who would dare to offend her?
In any case, many people in the Cloud Hall could have a good night's sleep after the Sect Protecting Great Array was set up.
These days, Cui Xie was like a huge shadow hanging over the hearts of everyone in the Cloud Hall. Although they believed that the Sect Protecting Great Array might not be able to stop Cui Xie, it was still an additional barrier for the Cloud Hall, so they felt a lot more at ease.
The entire Cloud Hall maintained a constant state of alert. Perhaps as long as Cui Xie didn't come, the Cloud Hall didn't dare to lower their guard.
But after three whole months, there was still no sign of Cui Xie. It was as if he had disappeared.
Luo Zheng returned to his own rhythm in these two months, constantly concentrating on cultivation. In these three months, he once again increased his cultivation by three levels.
When he walked out of the Cloud Hall's secret cultivation room, he was already at the seventh level of the Divine Reflection Realm.
Today, he walked out of the secret cultivation room because he was summoned by Ning Yudie.
After Luo Zheng arrived at Ning Yudie's Ice Palace, she took out a name card and threw it to Luo Zheng.
Luo Zheng took the name card and glanced at it. This name card was issued by the World Business Alliance. It was a call for all martial artists who had the Spirit Lamp of the Immortal Tomb to light it up during the Lantern Festival in five days!
"Is the Lantern Festival in five days?" Luo Zheng asked.
Ning Yudie nodded slightly.
Only Luo Zheng and Ning Yudie knew that the Spirit Lamp of the Immortal Tomb had fallen into Ning Yudie's hands. No one else knew.
The World Business Alliance had already issued a call during the Martial Arts Conference. Perhaps because the World Business Alliance was determined to enter the Immortal's Tomb during this year's Lantern Festival, they issued the name card again before the Lantern Festival!
Luo Zheng continued to read the name card. His eyes suddenly lit up. This name card listed all the possible treasures that could be hidden in the Immortal Tomb.
According to the name card, this was calculated by the ancient giant of the World Business Alliance.
As for whether it was really calculated or if the World Business Alliance had some lucky chance to learn about the Immortal Tomb, this was not known to outsiders.
"Among the treasures listed on the name card, the Jade Bone of the Immortal and the Nine Nether Lantern Grass are of no use to me. However, I must obtain the most important item." Ning Yudie's eyes flashed.
Aside from the name card stating that the Jade Bone of the Immortal and the Nine Nether Lantern Grass were hidden in the Immortal Tomb, there was also the most important item, the Flower of Life and Death. These three simple words were enough to drive all the warriors in the Central Domain crazy.
No matter if it was the Divine Reflection realm or the Divine Core realm, if one wanted to break through to the next realm, they would encounter a bottleneck.
However, after reaching the Void Tribulation realm, if one wanted to break through to the next realm, they would encounter a life or death situation.
The Life and Death realm, as its name implied, was a realm that existed between life and death. To break through to the Life and Death realm, one had to cross the line between life and death. Many Void Tribulation warriors had died in the process of breaking through to the next realm. Furthermore, even Life and Death realm warriors had to constantly face life and death tribulations in order to improve their cultivation …
Not only could the Flower of Life and Death help Ning Yudie break through to the Void Tribulation realm, it could also help Granny Yu face her next life and death tribulation. This was the reason why Ning Yudie was determined to obtain it.
"Luo Zheng, the Jade Bone of the Immortal is a good thing for you. If you want to cultivate that transcendent divine might, it's best if you come into contact with the Jade Bone of the Immortal and open your 8th Heavenly Dao Platform." Chi Long suddenly reminded.
"Jade Bone of the Immortal?" Luo Zheng's eyes revealed a hint of interest, but he still voiced his doubts. "The things in the Firmament Immortal Tomb are indeed tempting, but there's a problem. Little Die, don't you think it's strange?"
"Strange?" Ning Yudie tilted her head.
"Logically speaking, Immortal Firmament Immortal is an immortal. He built his own immortal tomb, so he naturally wouldn't want anyone to enter his tomb. But why would the Spirit Lamps of the Firmament Immortal Tomb appear in this world? Also, how did that ancient Giant of the World Business Alliance deduce the existence of these treasures?" Luo Zheng asked.
Ning Yudie was silent for a moment, then said, "You mean this is a trap?"
"It's only a possibility." Luo Zheng nodded.
Why would one be able to enter the Firmament Immortal Tomb if they gathered all nine Spirit Lamps? Who made these lamps? Why would they circulate in the Central Domain? This was a very strange matter to begin with.
In fact, Luo Zheng wasn't the only one who suspected this. Several hundred years ago, there were people who suspected that the Spirit Lamps of the Firmament Immortal Tomb were a scam, or even a trap.
However, the world of martial artists was like this. Everything was born with both opportunity and risk. Not to mention the fact that the Firmament Immortal Tomb wasn't a trap, even if it was, there would still be a large number of martial artists who would rush in like a flock of ducks.
As the two of them were discussing this matter, they suddenly felt an extremely strong pressure envelop the Cloud Hall.
Ning Yudie and Luo Zheng's expressions changed.

Chapter 513
It had been rumored for a long time that Cui Xie would definitely come to the Cloud Hall. Therefore, the Cloud Hall and Cloud Sea City were under great pressure.
After Luo Zheng hurriedly set up the Minor Heavenly Cycle Triple Slaughter Array, there had been no news of Cui Xie for three months. Therefore, many people thought that Cui Xie wouldn't come back.
Although the Cloud Hall hadn't lifted its alert state and the Minor Heavenly Cycle Triple Slaughter Array was still operating day and night, many people still relaxed their vigilance.
Within a household within Ocean of Clouds City, a baby that was over a year old was learning how to walk. He'd just tried to walk upright, and he was taking careful steps forward. Thump! When the terrifying pressure suddenly pressed down upon him, the baby lay flat on the ground and started to wail loudly.
In this huge city, there were tens of millions of people cultivating and recuperating. From False Tribulation Realm cultivators to a baby, all of them were enveloped by this pressure at the same time. Everyone's faces stiffened.
The expression of a third-grade family's Patriarch sank and he sighed. "Cui Xie is here …"
The cultivators who knew what had happened understood what had happened and raised their heads to look at the Cloud Hall in the sky. However, most of the civilians didn't know what had happened. They only thought that a demon had come to the world and that it was an omen of great misfortune.
Large bells were hurriedly rung in a few small temples and temples. Thousands of monks sat upright in the Buddhist halls and constantly recited the Rebirth Mantra.
This was the strength of a supreme expert in the Central Domain. Just a voice and a thought could release pressure on tens of millions of people. If he was interested and had the time, he could even take their lives without fear of being surrounded by the baleful aura.
In the past three months, Cui Xie had taken his son to the South Sea.
If Cui Yun had been seriously injured, it would have been fine. As long as Cui Yun was still breathing, Cui Xie had many ways to save her. However, his Martial Dao Heart had been destroyed, which was the most troublesome kind.
However, there was a secluded sect in the South China Sea that had some special secret techniques for souls and memories. It was possible to eliminate the obstacles that Cui Yun encountered.
This trip to the South China Sea took Cui Xie a full three months. After returning to the Central Domain, he immediately rushed to the Cloud Hall!
Cui Xie was also a martial artist with a strong destiny. When he went to the South Sea to save his son, he accidentally found a small island and accidentally obtained the legacy of an ancient martial artist.
His luck was strong, but the luck of the people around him wasn't as good. His son's heart of martial arts had been destroyed by Luo Zheng, and Si Miaoling had died tragically under Luo Zheng's sword. This was enough to explain the problem!
When had Cui Xie ever suffered such a huge loss?
Not to mention the Cloud Hall, even if it was the Void Spirit Sect or the World Business Alliance, he would still take revenge.
Looking down at the entire Cloud Hall and the huge barrier in front of him, Cui Xie shouted, "Granny Yu, come out!"
The door of Granny Yu's thatched hut creaked open. There wasn't much expression on her old face. At her age, she had already seen through life and death. What she couldn't give up was the Cloud Hall and Ning Yudie.
In the Ice Palace, Ning Yudie and Luo Zheng's expressions changed. Then, they rushed out of the Ice Palace.
At this moment, everyone in the Cloud Hall was in a state of panic. All the Elders in the False Tribulation Realm rushed into the sky as if they were facing a great enemy. They were terrified and uneasy.
One person could give a fourth-grade sect with millions of martial artists such great pressure. This was the strength of the number one person in the Central Domain.
Granny Yu flew into the sky and looked at Cui Xie through the barrier. She said indifferently, "I wonder why the Eastern Evil King has come to my Cloud Hall?"
"Haha," Cui Xie laughed wildly. It was as if thunder had exploded in the sky. "Granny Yu, it has only been three months since the Martial Arts Conference. Even if you are old, you can't be so forgetful, right?"
Granny Yu's expression was indifferent. She only said, "All the martial artists in the Central Domain know about what happened at the Martial Arts Conference. My Cloud Hall didn't do anything wrong."
"Wrong?" Cui Xie's face revealed a mocking expression. "Did I say that your Cloud Hall did anything wrong? My son's skills were inferior and he was defeated by Luo Zheng. His Martial Heart wasn't firm enough and Luo Zheng destroyed his Martial Heart. That was my son's fault! Si Miaoling wasn't strong enough and was killed by Luo Zheng. It was also Si Miaoling's fault! "
Everyone was silent. Many of the Elders of the Cloud Hall had heard about what happened at the Martial Arts Conference through various channels.
"However, Cui Yun is my son and Si Miaoling is my woman. Whoever dares to touch them, I will avenge them. Right now, your Cloud Palace is in the wrong in front of me." Cui Xie sneered. "Being weak is the wrong thing to do!"
After Cui Xie finished speaking, a strong pressure suddenly pressed down on everyone. Those Elders in the False Tribulation Realm suddenly turned pale. Only Granny Yu, Ning Yudie, and Luo Zheng were able to remain calm.
At this time, Luo Zheng suddenly flew in front of the light curtain and looked at Cui Xie through the thin Abundant Light. "You are right, but so what if the Cloud Hall is wrong? So what if you are weak? "
"Pay with your life." Cui Xie looked at Luo Zheng indifferently. This ant-like little guy didn't seem to be afraid of him at all. It was like this during the Martial Arts Conference and it was still like this now!
"What if I don't?" Luo Zheng smiled slightly.
"Then the entire Cloud Hall will be buried with you." Cui Xie's eyes were burning with fighting spirit.
These words made the hearts of everyone in the Cloud Hall beat wildly. No one could deny that Cui Xie did have this strength. However, there was only Granny Yu in the Cloud Hall. Even if Ning Yudie was added, it was impossible for them to stop Cui Xie. It seemed that the only thing they could rely on was this thin barrier in front of them.
Everyone's hearts began to pound.
Luo Zheng still had a smile on his face. He knew very well that whether it was fear or timidity, begging for mercy would be of no use. Luo Zheng said calmly, "Can you do it?"
"You're relying on this barrier, aren't you?" Cui Xie was a smart man. From the moment he had arrived, he had discovered that this barrier was extraordinary.
That day during the Martial Arts Conference, the barrier in the arena had blocked his punch. Even now, it was still fresh in Cui Xie's memory. There was actually a barrier in the Central Domain that could block his punch?
He could easily guess that Luo Zheng had tampered with the barrier. Presumably, this kid had obtained the inheritance of runes from somewhere.
However, Cui Xie didn't care. That day, Cui Xie hadn't used all of his strength. He had only thrown out two punches in anger. Although the barrier in the arena was amazing, it couldn't block Cui Xie!
As for the barrier in front of him, Cui Xie didn't care about it either.
"Sort of." Luo Zheng stood at the edge of the barrier. At this moment, he was less than five feet away from Cui Xie. They were almost face to face.
Cui Xie slowly raised his wrist, shook his head and said, "I really hope you can keep this calm!"
Oil-yellow Zhenqi escaped from Cui Xie's body. In the sky above the Cloud Hall, the rich Qi of Heaven and Earth gradually gathered into a huge whirlpool. The thick clouds floating in the surroundings were constantly rotating with this whirlpool.
After entering the False Tribulation Realm, one could directly use the Qi of Heaven and Earth. As a Life and Death Realm expert, Cui Xie's violent Qi of Heaven and Earth was as obedient as a sheep in his hands!
Cui Xie didn't intend to talk nonsense with a Divine Reflection Realm kid. He didn't even want to waste too much time here.
As the Qi of Heaven and Earth continuously poured into Cui Xie's body, an extremely heavy pressure spread out in all directions.
Everyone knew that Cui Xie was about to make his move.
Everyone in the Cloud Hall also entered battle mode and took out their weapons. In their hearts, these False Tribulation Realm elders really wanted to hand over Luo Zheng. However, with Granny Yu and Ning Yudie here, this matter obviously couldn't be done.
Granny Yu shook her old walking stick, and on the top of the walking stick, a few tender buds unexpectedly sprouted. A light green True Essence enveloped her, and as the True Essence circulated, her aged skin unexpectedly regained its vitality. The wrinkles on her face disappeared one by one, and her grizzled white hair turned into jet-black hair. Her originally stooped and short body unexpectedly straightened up, and that old and senile aura was swept away.
At this moment, Granny Yu unexpectedly turned into a beautiful woman!
The Ice Phoenix quickly rushed out of the ice palace. As it collided with Ning Yudie, it began to crack. Ice crystals turned into armor that tightly wrapped her petite body. At the same time, the Profound Ice Halberd also appeared in Ning Yudie's hands.
Once Cui Xie broke the barrier, everyone in the Cloud Hall couldn't just sit still and wait for death.
Only Luo Zheng stood behind the barrier. Facing Cui Xie, who was about to attack, he didn't move.
＝＝＝＝＝

Chapter 514
Luo Zheng was well aware of his own strength.
In terms of runes, no one in the Central Domain could surpass him. The runes passed down from the upper realm were not something the runes of the Central Domain could compare with.
However, in terms of strength, in front of these False Tribulation Realm elders, Ning Yudie, Life and Death Realm Granny Yu and Cui Xie, he was just an ant in the Radiant Spirit Realm.
In a battle between Life and Death Realm experts, even the False Tribulation Realm elders were considered cannon fodder. Perhaps only Ning Yudie could barely help Granny Yu, while Luo Zheng could not even be considered cannon fodder.
Therefore, it was meaningless whether Luo Zheng resisted or not.
The surging Yuan Qi of Heaven and Earth continuously poured into Cui Xie's tall and sturdy body. At this moment, Cui Xie seemed to have turned into a mountain. This mountain-like man's eyes flickered slightly as he punched the air.
"Firmament Shattering!"
"Rip!"
From Luo Zheng's point of view, Cui Xie's entire body seemed to be somewhat distorted. Under the pressure of his punch, the space seemed to be about to be torn apart!
A huge fist light rushed towards Luo Zheng. Within this fist light, there seemed to be an extremely domineering momentum!
"Is this the 'momentum' that can shatter everything?"
Luo Zheng's eyes flickered as he stared at the fist light that was rapidly approaching him.
Almost in an instant, the fist light hit Luo Zheng on the boundary less than a meter away from Luo Zheng.
At this moment, Luo Zheng felt like he was about to suffocate.
"Boom!"
It was as if millions of firecrackers exploded at the same time. The huge roar was deafening!
This was because the fierce wind caused by the fist light even produced countless wind blades that scattered in all directions. Some of the wind blades even rebounded onto Cui Xie's body. However, Cui Xie did not dodge at all. Those wind blades only cut through Cui Xie's robes and did not cause any harm to him.
Even the residual power of this punch was enough to kill Luo Zheng.
However, Luo Zheng did not suffer the slightest bit of impact. The Abundant Water Light steadily blocked all the power outside.
In order to neutralize the impact of the punch, the surface of the Abundant Light surged with monstrous waves. With the punch as the center, the waves swept in all directions. In the end, the force of the punch was evenly distributed across the entire surface of the barrier. Only then did the entire barrier slowly return to its original tranquility …
...... The Cloud Cloud Hall's eyes lit up.
Ning Yudie breathed a sigh of relief as her eyes narrowed into small crescents. Now, it seemed that her bet on Luo Zheng was not a loss.
Granny Yu still maintained her youthful appearance, and her expression did not change at all.
... of the Luo...
. A Sect Protecting Great Array that could block the strongest experts of the Central Domain. The value of this Great Array was simply immeasurable.
If a Life and Death Realm expert were to choose between Luo Zheng's Sect Protecting Great Array, both the Cloud Hall and the Void Spirit Sect would most likely choose this Great Array!
The reason was very simple. Although a Life and Death Realm expert could bring a Sect to the peak, even a Life and Death Realm expert's lifespan was limited. After a thousand or two thousand years, a Life and Death Realm expert would ultimately not be able to cross the threshold of life and death.
There were many withered bones in front of the Longevity Gate. In the Vast Thousand Domains, there were many people with long lifespans. Who could have an unlimited lifespan?
However, a Sect Protecting Great Array was not ordinary. As long as it was maintained well, it could almost last forever. If a Sect was protected from destruction, it would give birth to a super genius sooner or later!
Therefore, Ning Yudie did not suffer a loss, but made a huge profit!
Cui Xie also did not expect that his full strength punch would not be able to break the Barrier. At this moment, Cui Xie's face was filled with endless shock.
After roaming the Central Domain for so many years, it was very rare for something to shock him like this.
Only Cui Xie himself knew how powerful his punch was!
However, this seemingly thin layer of water bubble had blocked his punch. The strength of this Barrier had already exceeded Cui Xie's understanding.
The most infuriating thing was that Luo Zheng seemed to be very confident in this Barrier. He was actually standing two feet behind the Barrier with a dead fish expression, as if the words "What can you do to me" were written on his face!
Cui Xie had not been ridiculed like this for many years. He could not remember.
Ever since he had broken through to the Life and Death Realm, all the Sects in the Central Domain had either been attentive or polite to him. Even the fifth-grade Sect, the Void Spirit Sect, which had a conflict with him in the past, did not dare to offend Cui Xie.
This kid in front of him was really strange!
Obviously, this punch was not enough to make Cui Xie give up. Cui Xie was not willing to give up on his trip to the Cloud Hall because of a Sect Protecting Great Array.
This time, Cui Xie pulled out the nameless Buddhist Commandment Blade from his waist.
In Cui Yun's hands, this nameless Buddhist Commandment Blade was still unable to display its true power, because Cui Yun had been defeated by Luo Zheng. Cui Xie also understood some things. The path of a martial artist had to be walked by oneself. Even if his son had god-grade talent, he still had to temper himself and grow. Strength that relied on external forces was not true strength.
After Cui Xie grasped the nameless Buddhist Commandment Blade, his entire aura changed. Originally, Cui Xie gave people a feeling that he was as heavy as a mountain, but after holding the nameless Buddhist Commandment Blade, he instantly gave people a sharp aura!
It was as if he was the blade!
Sensing the aura emitted by Cui Xie, the faces of many False Tribulation Realm Elders once again revealed cautious expressions.
Although they had indeed blocked Cui Xie's punch, they did not know what kind of trump cards Cui Xie, a top expert, had!
Therefore, although they were confident in this barrier, they were still worried.
Only Luo Zheng did not move. He was still standing two feet below the barrier. Suddenly, he whispered, "Are you ready? Let's start! "
After putting some distance between them, Cui Xie held the nameless Buddhist Commandment Blade horizontally. The khaki-colored Quintessential Essence in his arm turned into silk threads and poured into the nameless Buddhist Commandment Blade.
"Condense!"
A khaki-colored blade shadow began to expand along with the nameless Buddhist Commandment Blade! From the nameless Buddhist Commandment Blade, a huge blade shadow that was three hundred feet long and four to five feet wide condensed!
Even if he did not activate the blade intent within such a huge blade shadow, just this blade shadow alone would be able to cut a small mountain in half. If he activated the blade intent within, he might be able to directly flatten a mountain.
The Life and Death Realm originally had the ability to topple mountains and overturn seas.
"Furious Void Slash!"
After brewing for a while, Cui Xie attacked again, waving the nameless Buddhist Commandment Blade.
The several dozen feet long blade shadow seemed to be able to cut the sky in half. In the Central Domain, there was probably nothing that could block this blade.
"Cha!"
This horizontal slash left a long and narrow blade mark on the surface of the Abundant Light. The end of the blade mark was where Luo Zheng was standing.
The barrier still did not break.
This huge blade mark indeed caused the entire barrier to shake. The huge waves on the surface were several dozen feet high. Unfortunately, Cui Xie's strength still did not exceed the barrier's limit.
After using this blade strike, even Cui Xie could not help but gasp for breath. His expression gradually turned gloomy. He really had no way to deal with Luo Zheng! This was a fact that Cui Xie did not want to admit no matter what.
Just as Cui Xie was thinking of other ways to break the barrier, a heavy sense of crisis suddenly rose in his heart.
In addition to cultivating several very overbearing cultivation methods, Cui Xie also had a very unique talent. It was this talent that allowed him to escape from danger in many situations. He could feel the killing intent of others towards him, and he could also sense the impending danger.
However, after entering the Life and Death Realm, Cui Xie did not have many opportunities to use this talent, because it was very difficult for anyone in the Central Domain to threaten his life.
However, at this moment, he actually felt a sense of danger.
Reflexively, his figure suddenly flew in a certain direction. At this time, he saw that a cloud of psychedelic colored smoke was actually spreading towards him.
Fortunately, Cui Xie's speed was very fast. He had already rushed out of the encirclement before the clouds of smoke could close in.
At the same time, another lightning bolt as thick as a dragon suddenly struck towards him.
"Crack!"
This dragon-like lightning bolt finally struck Cui Xie from the side and did not hit him.
However, Cui Xie could feel the power contained in this lightning bolt. If he had been hit, even if he had not died, he would have been seriously injured. Coupled with the psychedelic smoke, Cui Xie suddenly had a thought. The Sect Protection Array of the Cloud Hall had the ability to kill him.

Chapter 515
"What a pity." Luo Zheng sighed in his mind. After that, he told Zong Rui using his Divine Sense, "Zong Rui, you're too slow."
Zong Rui was troubled as well. Just now, he was hiding in the Cloud Hall, waiting for Luo Zheng's order to activate the Chaos Trap and carefully surround Cui Xie. After that, he would activate the Fury of Thunder Punishment.
The Chaos Trap was half illusion formation, and half killing formation. Once Cui Xie fell into the trap, he would be immersed in an endless illusion. At that time, the lightning from the Fury of Thunder Punishment would be able to hit Cui Xie directly.
He didn't expect Cui Xie to be so sensitive, and be able to sense the layers of killing intent before anyone else. That allowed him to escape from the Chaos Trap and avoid the lightning from the Fury of Thunder Punishment.
A Divine Core Rune Master and a Divine Reflection Warrior, both of them had worked together to kill the number one man in the Central Domain. If news of this were to spread out, it would be unbelievable.
What was even worse was that they had almost succeeded.
Perhaps the Chaos Trap couldn't kill Cui Xie, and the Fury of Thunder Punishment could only severely injure him. But, these False Tribulation warriors in the Cloud Hall didn't just stand there as punishment. Perhaps they were just cannon fodder when facing a Life and Death warrior, but if they all attacked together, Cui Xie might not be able to defend himself.
Besides, the Palace Master of the Cloud Hall was here, and Granny Yu, who was also a Life and Death warrior.
The group of Sect Elders who were trembling in fear because of Cui Xie also had regretful expressions on their faces.
Even the usually expressionless Granny Yu had a regretful expression on her face.
On the other side, Ning Yudie was sitting on top of the Profound Ice Halberd. Her fair and slender legs were slightly swinging, and her lips were pouting. She didn't say anything.
Cui Xie was able to grow until now because he had absorbed the luck of countless people. It wasn't easy to kill him.
After distancing himself from the Cloud Hall, Cui Xie's powerful heart was still beating violently. After dodging the attack of the Sect-Protecting Array of the Cloud Hall, Cui Xie felt a lingering fear.
If Cui Xie had really fallen into the trap, coupled with the fact that the Cloud Hall's people had swarmed him, he might have really lost his life. Cui Xie had not expected such a turn of events.
He'd licked the blood of blades all his life, and he'd grown tenaciously in all sorts of dangerous situations. He'd encountered countless dangers, but since he'd crossed the line between life and death, no one had brought him so close to death …
From the beginning to the end, that annoying brat had been standing at the edge of the barrier, looking at her with indifferent eyes.
This kid was really tricky to deal with.
He was only at the Divine Reflection realm, yet he had so many tricks up his sleeves. If this guy broke through to the Divine Core realm, or even the Void Tribulation realm, he would be a huge threat to her in the future!
Before this, Cui Xie wanted to kill Luo Zheng because he wanted to take revenge for Cui Yun and Si Miaoling's twin swords. But now, Cui Xie knew that Luo Zheng was an obstacle, a target he had to eliminate on his path to achieving his great vision!
While being vigilant, Cui Xie once again drew closer to Luo Zheng. "Luo Zheng, you're qualified to be my opponent."
Hearing this, all the Void Tribulation Elders in the Cloud Hall felt as if the blood in their heads had stopped flowing, and they felt dizzy!
A mighty warrior who had lived for several hundred years, who had crossed the line between life and death, was saying something like this to a teenage boy?
Luo Zheng was qualified to be Cui Xie's opponent? Not to mention Cui Xie, he wasn't even qualified to fight any of the Void Tribulation Elders here. With the overall strength of these Void Tribulation Elders, killing Luo Zheng in an instant was a piece of cake.
However, when Cui Xie said something like this, all the Void Tribulation Elders felt as if their eyes were going blind. How could the world be so strange?
Luo Zheng's expression didn't change at all. He suppressed his emotions and said with a cold voice, "Let Luo Yan go, and I'll spare your life."
"Gulp! Cough cough cough cough cough … "
An Elder swallowed his saliva with great difficulty, and nearly choked to death by his own saliva!
All the Elders' expressions were even more interesting …
Although Luo Zheng had given the Cloud Hall a lot of surprises, Luo Zheng had no idea how strong he was! Was he scared silly by Cui Xie's attack just now? Was he scared out of his wits? How could he start talking nonsense?
Even Grandma Yu's face was full of astonishment. How could she have thought that Luo Zheng would really dare to open his mouth?
Only Ning Yudie finally covered her mouth with her hand and giggled. This man was always so interesting, as if he didn't know what pressure was. Unfortunately, it seemed that he only had eyes for his little sister!
Luo Yan was Luo Zheng's most important relative. How could he become the opponent of Cui Xie, a mighty warrior of the Central Domain? Luo Zheng wasn't interested! For Luo Zheng, the Martial Dao was an endless path of thorns. He could only climb to the peak bit by bit, and Cui Xie was an obstacle that Luo Zheng had to overcome.
Suddenly hearing Luo Zheng's reply, Cui Xie was also stunned.
He, a mighty mighty warrior of the Central Domain, had suffered a loss at the hands of Luo Zheng today. He had some admiration in his heart. After all, Luo Zheng's attainments in runes were unheard of, which was why he said those words. As a result, this brat was simply too arrogant!
Cui Xie's face was a little embarrassed, and then he laughed out of anger. "Haha! Spare me? How ambitious! Don't worry about your little sister, ask yourself how long you can live first! I don't believe that you'll stay in the Cloud Hall for the rest of your life! "
Cui Xie couldn't break the Cloud Hall's Sect Protecting Array now, but what if he found another person with the Extreme Violet Yin Body? Cui Xie's strength would increase by leaps and bounds through the Great Heavenly Demon Orgy Array. At that time, the Cloud Hall might not be able to stop Cui Xie.
Luo Zheng glanced coldly at Cui Xie, left the edge of the barrier, and flew down. At the same time, he sent a voice transmission to Zong Rui, "Drive him away."
"Crackle …"
Under Zong Rui's control, the Wrath of Thunder Punishment sent bolts of lightning, which were as thick as a Thunder Tribulation, toward Cui Xie …
The Sect Protecting Array also needed the support of True Origin Stones. Every Thunder Tribulation required several top-grade True Origin Stones. However, Zong Rui didn't care about money. He controlled the array disc to send bolts of lightning toward Cui Xie. Cui Xie couldn't break the barrier, so he could only passively take the beating. He wanted to say a few more words, but Luo Zheng left directly. In the end, he had no choice but to leave in a sorry state.
However, Cui Xie didn't leave the Cloud Sea City directly. He had to vent his anger because of a little guy at the Divine Reflection Realm. Therefore, the Cloud Sea City suffered a calamity.
Standing on the high Cloud Hall, a cloud of dust suddenly rose from the edge of the Cloud Sea City.
The Cloud Sea City was also a big city. It was surrounded by a wall made of square bricks, which stretched for more than 100 miles around the city! Cui Xie directly entered the wall and circled the entire Cloud Sea City. The outer wall of the Cloud Sea City was peeled off by Cui Xie alone. At least several hundred people were killed or injured!
To Cui Xie, the people of the Cloud Sea City were all ants. Although he could destroy the entire Cloud Sea City to vent his anger, he really didn't have much interest in crushing ants. Moreover, Cui Xie hadn't been to the Slaughter Sword Mountain. If he slaughtered too many creatures, it would be troublesome if he was infected with a heavy baleful aura. He would also have to spend time to eliminate this baleful aura.
In the end, Cui Xie destroyed the wall and chose to leave …
After Cui Xie left, wrinkles slowly appeared on Granny Yu's young face. Then, her hair gradually turned white, and her back stooped. She returned to her old appearance.
Ning Yudie's figure fluttered, and she grabbed her master's arm. She giggled and said, "Master, you still look good like that!"
"You have no respect for your elders!" Granny Jade rolled her eyes. She controlled the Law of Life, which was why her True Essence had such an effect. It was able to rejuvenate a person. However, Granny Jade could also use a bit more True Essence to maintain her youthful appearance, but it wasn't necessary.
Now, the atmosphere in the Cloud Hall was relatively relaxed. After dealing with Cui Xie, the mountain that was pressing down on everyone's hearts had finally been removed.
Just now, when many elders appeared, the disciples of the Cloud Hall were actually secretly watching. When they saw Luo Zheng standing under the barrier and not dodging Cui Xie's attack, they all sighed in their hearts.
"What's so great about it? This barrier is so strong. Luo Zheng is just hiding behind it! There's no danger at all! "A Cloud Hall disciple said, unconvinced.
"First, this barrier was drawn by Luo Zheng. Second, not to mention just now, even if Cui Xie comes again, I dare not stand on it!" A Cloud Hall disciple next to him retorted.

Chapter 516
In the Central Domain, how many people dared to face Cui Xie directly?
Even Luo Zheng was unwilling to face Cui Xie directly. Only a fool would dare to provoke a Life and Death expert for no reason.
However, Luo Zheng had no other choice. Ever since Cui Xie took Luo Yan away, the conflict between him and Cui Xie was already irreconcilable. There was no room for reconciliation between him and Cui Xie.
Therefore, when Luo Zheng encountered Cui Xie, he said those shocking words. Since he knew that begging was useless, and that saving Luo Yan would ultimately depend on his own fists, he might as well be ruthless and fight to the death.
Perhaps, this was Luo Zheng's Dao.
After Cui Xie left, news of the Cloud Hall's Sect Protecting Great Formation quickly spread throughout the Central Domain.
A Sect Protecting Great Formation actually resisted Cui Xie's attack, and even had a chance to kill Cui Xie. This was simply unimaginable!
What did this mean? It meant that in the Central Domain, there was no sect or martial artist that could shake the Cloud Hall. If a sect war broke out, the Cloud Hall's losses would be minimal. At this moment, the Cloud Hall could already be considered as a quasi 5th grade sect!
A 4th grade sect finally changed its fate by relying on a rune master. Luo Zheng was destined to be recorded in the history of the Central Domain. At least now, everyone was certain that Luo Zheng's attainments in runes were much greater than Feng Guanyu's in history.
In these two or three days, in the restaurants of the major cities of the Central Domain, Luo Zheng could be heard everywhere.
"This time, Luo Zheng will probably become the most popular person in the Central Domain!"
"Hehe, even the half-dead Runic Tower is like Grandpa. Won't Luo Zheng become an ancestor in the future?"
"However, although his rune technique is powerful, Cui Xie is not to be trifled with. Once Luo Zheng leaves the Cloud Hall, he will die without the protection of the Sect Protecting Formation!"
In a bustling restaurant, Luo Zheng's matter was being discussed.
Suddenly, a martial artist with a tall stature slapped the table and said with a chuckle, "That might not be the case! Why don't you think about how monstrous Luo Zheng's talent is? He's able to defeat a Mid Divine Core warrior at the Divine Reflection realm! Didn't you hear what he said to the King of the East Evil? I'll spare your life! Haha, how much courage does it take to say that! "
"He's just hiding in that little tortoise shell. If it wasn't for the protection of the Sect Protecting Grand Formation, Cui Xie would be able to crush him with a single finger," another gloomy voice retorted.
"So what if I do? No matter what, I have high hopes for Luo Zheng! This young man is destined to amaze the world with a single brilliant feat, and his potential is limitless! "
All sorts of discussions and opinions were being held between all the martial artists, including those from the Cloud Hall.
At least for now, none of the people in the Cloud Hall treated Luo Zheng as a disciple of the Cloud Hall. They didn't even treat Luo Zheng as a deacon of the Cloud Hall, he was a figure comparable to an Elder!
Although Luo Zheng was the one who had brought Cui Xie back to the Cloud Hall, Luo Zheng had used his own strength to drive Cui Xie away. Who else in the Cloud Hall could do something like this?
Apart from this, there was another rumor that was being spread around. For example, some people believed that Luo Zheng was Ning Yudie's exclusive lover, and that both of them were having an affair … But, this rumor was only spread in private.
A few days later, the annual Lantern Lighting Festival arrived.
As night fell, the fiery red lanterns in the Cloud Sea City were lit up.
Groups of children carried small lanterns as they walked through the streets and alleys, bringing a little bit of light to every dark corner.
For ordinary people, this day was a lively festival. Apart from the small lanterns held by the children, the adults would release sky lanterns one after another. It was said that the sky lanterns could bring good luck in the coming year.
Since the evening, countless sky lanterns had risen into the sky. Some of the sky lanterns were blown by the wind and hit the huge barrier on the surface of the Cloud Hall, releasing gorgeous flames.
Apart from releasing sky lanterns, there was also the need to kill chickens and cows to entertain the guests with a feast. It was very lively.
However, for martial artists, this day was a bit special.
In the depths of the Central Domain's Cloud Dream Swamp, a thick fog drifted all year round. The swamp was rich in a special kind of Demonic Beast called the Cloud Swallowing Beast. The Cloud Swallowing Beast's Demonic Core could be made into a pill that could prolong one's life. Therefore, every year, countless martial artists would enter the Cloud Dream Swamp.
There were many great opportunities in the swamp. Every year, there would be martial artists who would obtain great benefits in the Cloud Dream Swamp, but at the same time, countless martial artists would die in the swamp.
A Divine Reflection warrior wasn't qualified to enter the swamp, and a Divine Core warrior was only allowed to go 300 miles into the swamp. Even a False Tribulation warrior could only go 800 miles into the swamp, and any deeper than that … even a False Tribulation warrior would have a chance of dying here. A thousand miles into the swamp was a place that no one could explore.
1500 miles away from the Cloud Dream Swamp, there were no records about this place, and it could no longer be described as an uninhabited place.
There was a huge black quagmire here. This quagmire was pure black, without any ripples. It was like a dead pond ….
Right at the edge of the black swamp, there was a small straw hut. Someone was actually living here! The straw hut was very simple, and the walls and roof were made of straw.
Not long after that, a short man walked out from the straw hut. This man was also a Life and Death warrior.
Within the Central Domain, there were only a handful of Life and Death warriors, and this man obviously wasn't one of them. He was a mighty warrior who lived in seclusion.
After he walked out from the straw hut, he looked at the darkening sky and murmured, "Is it the Lantern Lighting Festival again? I've lit this lantern 77 times … I wonder if my wish will come true this year. "
The Immortal Tomb Spirit Lantern would be lit during the Lantern Lighting Festival. 77 times, which meant 77 years …
After saying that, he took out an inconspicuous little oil lamp from behind his back and gently stroked it with his hand. After that, a devilish red flame appeared on the tip of his finger, and he gently rubbed it on the Immortal Tomb Spirit Lantern.
A faint yellow light bloomed from the flame.
Around the Immortal Tomb Spirit Lantern, there were nine tiny markings. Right now, six of them were lit up.
The Life and Death warrior looked at the six markings, and a faint smile emerged on his face. Nine markings, and one of them was useless …
Last year, eight markings had lit up. Would the last one light up this year?
In the World Business Alliance's headquarters, Shi Kefan, Yan Yueshan, and Mo Haishan had already gathered in an exquisite pavilion. An Immortal Tomb Spirit Lantern was placed in front of them, but they were still waiting for a certain someone.
After half an hour, the ancient magnate of the World Business Alliance slowly descended on the pavilion and said to Shi Kefan, "Light it. Also, gather the elders of our alliance while you're at it …"
Yan Yueshan looked astonished. "You mean that the ninth lantern this year …"
The ancient magnate nodded. "Yes, I've made some calculations. I have a strong premonition that the ninth lantern has already appeared, but I don't know who has it. That's why I asked you to send out invitations and do your best to help them light the lantern!"
"Then hurry up!" Yan Yueshan was an impatient person. He suddenly stood up and gently clapped his hands. A ball of flame shot toward the Immortal Tomb Spirit Lantern and steadily lit it up. At this moment, the seventh marking lit up on the Immortal Tomb Spirit Lantern.
The taciturn Mo Haishan nodded. "This year's speed is quite fast. Last year, the eighth marking only lit up at midnight. I almost thought that the person with the eighth lantern had given up …"
"I hope it can be done. I'll go gather the elders of the alliance," Shi Kefan said with a smile as he looked at the markings.
On a small island in the boundless South Sea, Cui Xie took out his Immortal Tomb Spirit Lantern and carefully examined it. He had already made preparations for this trip to the Immortal Tomb Spirit Lantern.
He sat on the top of a large tree on the island. Around the tree were six cloaked martial artists. These six were mid-stage and late-stage False Tribulation experts. They were willing to follow Cui Xie to their deaths and assist him in his great cause of establishing a Divine Nation!
Therefore, Cui Xie had to bring them along for this trip to the Immortal Tomb Spirit Lantern …
However, Cui Xie wasn't sure if the last lantern would be lit up. Now, he was focused on slowly lighting up his small oil lamp. The eighth marking also lit up.
Cui Xie looked at the dim yellow markings on the small oil lamp and muttered, "I wonder if the last marking can be lit up?"
(Readers are my parents. How can I not be grateful that you are willing to support me? Thank you to all the readers who have tipped me. Thank you to all the readers who have silently subscribed to me. In this era where piracy is rampant, you are willing to spend money to read my books. This is your encouragement to me. I have already reported the problem with the garbled code yesterday to the company. I'm really sorry for the inconvenience! Thank you to Chen Feng for your 5K tipping again! Thank you to Uncle Cai, Tiger Soul, Love Gu, and Chu Xuanming for your support. The update times have already been fixed: 7: 30 am, 5: 30 pm, 9: 00 pm, 11: 00 pm. Thank you!)
＝＝＝＝＝

Chapter 517
The eight Spirit Lamps of the Immortal Graveyard were in the hands of different forces in the Central Region. Apart from confirming that Cui Xie and the General Commerce League each had one Spirit Lamp of the Immortal Graveyard, the martial artists in the Central Region knew nothing about the other six Spirit Lamps. It was possible that the Blood Wood Cliff had the Spirit Lamp of the Immortal Graveyard, or even that the owner of the Spirit Lamp of the Immortal Graveyard was not in the Central Region!
But no matter what, the people who held the lamps hoped that the last lamp would be lit tonight.
On a platform at the edge of the Cloud Palace, Ning Yudie stood on it, watching the sky lanterns flutter in the sky, like small stars flickering in the night sky.
The elders of the Cloud Hall had already received the news the day before that the last Immortal Tomb Spirit Lamp had fallen into the hands of Ning Yudie.
This news shocked the elders greatly. They didn't expect that after waiting for so many years, the last lamp would be in the Cloud Hall!
The Heaven Mist Immortal Tomb was a great opportunity for the warriors in the Central Domain!
The treasures and opportunities hidden in the Tomb of the Immortals filled the hearts of many warriors with fanciful thoughts. This was also the reason why so many warriors went to the Chaotic Astral Ocean, wanting to sneak in from outside the Tomb of the Immortals. However, so far, tens of thousands of warriors had lost their lives in the Chaotic Astral Ocean, but none of them had succeeded.
The only way to enter the Immortal Tomb was the Immortal Tomb's Spirit Lamp.
Of course, with the appearance of the Immortal Tomb's Spirit Lamp, all kinds of conspiracy theories were born.
Some people thought that the Immortal Tomb's Spirit Lamp was a big trap. Otherwise, why would the Heaven Mist Immortal leave nine lamps for outsiders to enter?
Luo Zheng also suspected this before.
But for warriors, opportunities always coexisted with risks. Warriors who were afraid of the slightest thing couldn't grow at all. Everything in the world was like this!
After the elders in the Cloud Hall discussed, a total of six elders decided to enter the Immortal Tomb. Their reasons were different.
For example, Mister Zhuo was a powerful and relatively young elder. Naturally, he wanted more opportunities and opportunities.
Take Elder Fei Han as an example. He was already old, and his lifespan was nearing its end. If he was unable to break through, he would eventually fall in front of the Longevity Gate …
The other elders all had their own reasons.
This time, Granny Yu also decided to go to the immortal tomb. She had the same reason as Elder Fei Han, and was even more urgent than Elder Fei Han. As a Life and Death expert, she had to face a life and death calamity. If there were no accidents, she would definitely not be able to survive the second life and death calamity and was destined to fall!
Granny Yu's only choice was to place her hopes on the legendary Life-Death Flower.
"The lights are on …" Ning Yudie said softly.
Luo Zheng nodded. His True Essence quietly circulated, turning into a ball of flame that slowly floated toward the Immortal Tomb Spirit Lamp.
The ninth spirit lamp of the tomb was finally lit.
Almost at the same time, the eyes of the other cultivators holding these nine lamps suddenly lit up!
"The ninth imprint has been lit!" Yan Yueshan laughed heartily in the World Business Alliance's headquarters.
In Cloud Dream Swamp, the short cultivator stared at the Immortal Tomb Spirit Lamp in front of him, his brows gradually relaxing.
As for Cui Xie and the others, their faces were all filled with excitement.
The nine lamps that had been waiting for over a thousand years were finally lit at the same time! How could they not be excited?
After the nine lamps were lit, a huge building in the depths of the Chaotic Astral Ocean began to emit a green light. This building was the Sky Mist Immortal Tomb.
Many cultivators in the Central Domain had seen this building before, but at most, they could only look at it from afar. Any cultivator who came close would be killed by a special curse from the Sky Mist Immortal Tomb. No matter if you were a False Tribulation Realm cultivator or a Life and Death Realm cultivator, you would all be killed by the curse without exception.
After the Sky Mist Immortal Tomb emitted a faint glow, a light wheel in the middle started to slowly spin. Then, nine small balls of light appeared in different parts of the tomb.
At the top of the immortal tomb, in a triangular secret room, a small crystal ball was filled with fine powder.
The fine powder had existed here for thousands of years, but it seemed to have been awakened at this moment. The powder kept condensing together, finally forming a black mass. The black mass kept fusing until it finally took the shape of a human face.
"So slow. I didn't expect … that I would wait for over two thousand years …"
The face spoke in a hoarse voice, as if it was extremely weak.
Luo Zheng looked at the smoke of the spirit lamp in the immortal tomb. Rays of blue light were constantly being emitted. This ray of light slowly rose and began to slowly rotate above the spirit lamp in the immortal tomb.
"A teleportation gate," Ning Yudie murmured.
Although everyone knew that the spirit lamp was the only way to enter the Sky Mist Immortal Tomb, no one expected this tiny spirit lamp to be able to summon a teleportation gate.
"Let's go in." Ning Yudie looked at her master, then she turned to Luo Zheng.
Luo Zheng nodded his head, then he took the lead and stepped into the blue vortex. After that, Ning Yudie flew into the vortex as well.
After them were Granny Yu, all Sect Elders, and a few elite disciples from the Cloud Hall. Although some of these elite disciples were only at the Divine Core realm, if they dared to venture into the vortex, they would still be given an opportunity. As long as they didn't die and were able to return safely from the Sky Mist Immortal Tomb, they would surely be able to benefit greatly in the future.
After stepping into the blue teleportation formation, everyone immediately felt as if they were wrapped in a bright light. Strangely, this traditional tunnel seemed to be extremely stable, and no dimensional storms could be seen. Also, there were many blue patterns engraved on the walls of the tunnel.
This was not something any warriors from the Central Domain could do. Perhaps, this was the work of Immortal Tian Miao.
Inside the spatial tunnel, no one could feel the passage of time. It felt as if time was moving very slowly, but at the same time, it felt as if everyone had passed through the tunnel in an instant.
Right when Luo Zheng stepped out from the spatial tunnel, he immediately saw a huge ferocious beast with its mouth wide open, and it was charging toward him.
Luo Zheng's body immediately started moving, and he was about to counterattack. But, when he looked closer, he saw the huge ferocious beast crash into a thin light barrier, then it was bounced back and swam deeper into the ocean.
"Deep Sea Devil Kraken, a ferocious beast that can devour everything with its huge mouth. This ferocious beast's strength is comparable to a Life and Death warrior, and this is one of the reasons why it's so hard for any warriors to get close to the Sky Mist Immortal Tomb." Xiao Die had also left the spatial tunnel. She stood behind Luo Zheng and slowly explained.
That huge ferocious beast was actually comparable to a Life and Death warrior. This Chaotic Astral Ocean was indeed filled with endless killing intent!
The Chaotic Astral Ocean was originally a forbidden land for the warriors of the Central Domain. Although the Chaotic Astral Ocean seemed vast, the number of ferocious beasts and all kinds of life forms within it was thousands or even tens of thousands of times more than those in the Central Domain.
In the depths of the ocean, it was said that there were some tribes, gathering places, and even countries.
"Fortunately, there is a barrier outside the Sky Mist Immortal Tomb." Luo Zheng sighed. Even the Chaotic Astral Ocean was not something Luo Zheng could imagine.
At this time, Granny Yu, Mister Zhuo, Elder Fei Han, Daoist Big Dream, and the other elders also left the spatial tunnel one by one.
Everyone discovered that they were actually at the edge of the immortal tomb, and in front of them was a long and narrow tunnel. The other directions were blocked by a barrier, and outside the barrier was an endless sea.
"There is only one entrance." Daoist Big Dream stood at the entrance of the tunnel. As he spoke, he took out a "person" from his spatial ring.
This person was no different from an ordinary warrior. Whether it was the skin or the appearance, they were all exquisite. However, there was no expression in his eyes, as if he was dead, without any vitality.
After Daoist Big Dream put down the "person", this person ran into the tunnel at an extremely fast speed.
"That's a puppet! This is Daoist Big Dream's puppet technique. "Luo Zheng's eyelids twitched. When he first entered the Cloud Hall, he was controlled by Daoist Big Dream as a puppet for a long time.
Letting a puppet explore the path first to see if there were any dangers, the puppet technique seemed to be very useful at this time.
Everyone stood at the entrance of the tunnel and waited for a while. Daoist Big Dream nodded and said, "There is no danger in this tunnel, we can go in."

Chapter 518
At the same time, cultivators walked out of the other eight balls of light floating around the Sky Mist Immortal Tomb one after another.
Most of them were martial artists from the Central Domain. Just as many people in the Central Domain had speculated, these spirit lamps would eventually fall into the hands of the large sects.
Martial artists from small sects and clans wouldn't have much use for the spirit lamps even if they obtained them. They weren't strong enough, so how would they dare to compete with the top experts in the Central Domain for the treasures in the Sky Mist Immortal Tomb? They wouldn't even know how to spell the word 'death'. It would be better to give it to the large sects in exchange for some tangible benefits.
Therefore, among the nine forces that entered the Sky Mist Immortal Tomb, not only did the Cloud Hall and the World Business Alliance come, but the people from the Blood Wood Cliff, the Mysterious Yin Mansion, and the Black Mountain Sect also came. The others were independent martial artists from the Central Domain who had hidden themselves from the world. There was no lack of hidden experts in the Life and Death Realm among them!
However, among the nine forces, there was one force that didn't come from the Central Domain.
This faction was the furthest away from the Sky Mist Immortal Tomb, so it took them the longest time to travel through the spatial passageway. Only after everyone from the Central Region had entered the passageway did a few people appear from the ball of light.
"Eh, is this the so-called Sky Mist Immortal Tomb?" The one who spoke was a woman in black.
"Yes, Junior Sister, this is the Sky Mist Immortal Tomb!" Another handsome man with a medium build smiled.
The woman in black looked around and asked again, "Didn't you say that we can only enter when the small lamps are lit? Since all nine lamps are lit today, why don't I see anyone else?"
This question caught the handsome man's attention. He sniffed and said, "Perhaps this immortal tomb corresponds to the nine lamps, so there should be nine different entrances. However, Junior Sister, there's no need to care about those ants. As far as I know, the other eight lamps are lost in the North Heaven Domain. Those ants are nothing to us. We just need to find what we need."
The woman in black nodded with a ruthless look on her face. "I don't want the immortal bones or the Life and Death Flower. I just want that thing. I'll kill whoever dares to take it from me!"
The handsome man laughed. "Junior Sister, how dare those ants take it from you!"
"Go!" The woman in black didn't think too much about it. She didn't seem to care about the dangers in the passageway. She directly entered without any probing.
The handsome man and the black-clothed woman both came from the four Divine Kingdoms.
As for the Central Domain where Luo Zheng lived, in the four Divine Kingdoms, it was called the Tianbei Domain. Some people from the Divine Kingdoms might look down on the Tianbei Domain and even call it the Tianbei Island …
In fact, the Central Domain, together with the surrounding North, South, East, and West Domains, was unimaginably large. However, in the eyes of the four Divine Kingdoms, it was a lot more barren.
Back then, the Immortal Graveyard Spirit Lamp had coincidentally fallen into the hands of the handsome man's family. They had also kept this secret for two thousand years, not daring to leak it in the slightest. He was afraid that the experts of the four Divine Kingdoms would find out and enter the Firmament Immortal Tomb to compete for the treasures within.
The various forces in the Northern Heaven Region? They didn't even take him seriously!
This man and woman were only False Tribulation experts. However, there were several Life and Death guards behind them.
After they entered the tunnel, the black-clothed girl furrowed her brows. "What's going on?"
The handsome man had a puzzled look on his face as well. "What a powerful suppressive force, both our cultivation and strength are being suppressed!"
One of the guards behind them said with a deep voice, "I can feel it as well, this suppressive force seems to be caused by some powerful formation! It's impossible to resist! "
Right now, they weren't the only ones who could feel this powerful suppressive force, almost all the warriors who entered the tunnel could feel it.
No matter if it was a Life and Death warrior, False Tribulation warrior, or even a Divine Core warrior, none of them could escape from this suppressive force.
Ice crystals were sparkling on her slender fingers, and a puzzled expression emerged on Ning Yudie's face. "My cultivation has been suppressed by an entire stage, and I can only unleash the strength of a Mid Divine Core warrior!"
Ning Yudie's cultivation had been restored to the Mid False Tribulation realm, and after suppressing her cultivation by an entire stage, she was only at the Early Divine Core realm.
As for the other False Tribulation Sect Elders, such as Fei Han and the other Sect Elders, they were the same. Right now, they could only unleash the strength of a Divine Core warrior.
As for Granny Yu, she was originally at the Life and Death realm, but now, she was only at the Early False Tribulation realm!
Everyone's expressions became unsightly. What all warriors trusted the most was their own strength and cultivation, and now, even that had been taken away from them, causing their cultivation to drop by an entire stage. How were they going to face all the dangers in the Skymist Immortal Tomb?
As for Luo Zheng …
His cultivation was the lowest here, and even with all his hard work, he was only at the Seventh Divine Reflection realm. If his cultivation was suppressed by an entire stage, he would be pushed back to the Seventh Xiantian realm!
But this wasn't the case.
He didn't feel the suppressive force at all!
Looking at the puzzled expressions on everyone's faces, Luo Zheng's heart skipped a beat.
Everyone's cultivation was being suppressed, but why didn't he feel anything?
While he was puzzled, he suddenly felt his Sumeru Ring heating up. This Sumeru Ring was the one given to him by Ning Yudie. Because it was a female ring, Luo Zheng didn't wear it on his finger.
A Sumeru Ring couldn't be used to store other rings, because the two rings would conflict with each other. In the end, it would cause a dimensional storm within the ring, destroying all the items stored within. Therefore, Luo Zheng found a string, tied the ring around his neck, and hung it on his chest.
Because the Sumeru Ring had a huge storage space, Luo Zheng was able to transfer some of his items into it.
Right at this moment, the Sumeru Ring with Little Phoenix engraved on it was heating up …
What was going on? Luo Zheng murmured to himself. Could it be that the Sumeru Ring had blocked the suppressive force for him? Did Xiao Die's Sumeru Ring have such a function?
Obviously, it was impossible, as Sumeru Rings rarely had any other functions attached to them. Even if it did have some special function, Xiao Die would know about it.
The problem should be with the things inside the Sumeru Ring.
Luo Zheng injected his soul power into the Sumeru Ring, and began to scan the items inside. Soon, he found a small object that was constantly glowing.
It was a token.
From the Eastern Domain to the Central Domain, Luo Zheng had obtained many tokens, such as the Blue Cloud Sect, the Zhang Clan, the Cloud Hall, and the World Business Alliance. They were all piled up in a corner of the Sumeru Space …
Among these tokens, there was one that was shining, and the word "Xun" was engraved on it.
This token was obtained by Luo Zheng in the Immortal Mansion in the Jade Dragon Valley of Guanghan Prefecture on his way back from White Emperor City!
"This is the token of that Immortal Mansion!" Luo Zheng's heart was beating slightly.
When Luo Zheng obtained this token, he left the Immortal Mansion and never returned.
According to Afo, Luo Zheng didn't have the right to control the Immortal Mansion at that time. He was only the nominal owner, and not the true owner of the Immortal Mansion.
Therefore, Luo Zheng didn't enter the Immortal Mansion again. After all, Luo Zheng didn't have the authority to use the weapon refinery, pill refinery, and so on.
When he left, Afo gave Luo Zheng this token, which was engraved with the word "Xun" from the Eight Trigrams.
This token could only help Luo Zheng enter the Immortal Mansion and protect him from the attacks of the two mountain-like puppets. Whether it was in the Eastern Domain or the Central Domain, Luo Zheng naturally couldn't use it, so he had left it in a corner of the Sumeru Ring.
He hadn't expected that after entering the Immortal Tomb of Heaven Mist, this "Xun" token would be able to resist the suppressive force!
"Immortal Mansion … Immortal Tomb," Luo Zheng muttered to himself. What was the relationship between the two? Was the owner of the Immortal Mansion related to Daoist Heaven Mist? Could it be that Daoist Heaven Mist was the owner of the Immortal Mansion?
There were no clues to this mystery, and Luo Zheng could only make wild guesses. But, no matter what, Luo Zheng was able to resist the suppressive force, this was good news for him.
With his Divine Reflection realm cultivation base, Luo Zheng was able to defeat Divine Core warriors, but now, all those Void Tribulation warriors had suppressed their strength to the Divine Core realm, while Luo Zheng's cultivation base wasn't suppressed at all …
In other words, Luo Zheng had the strength to fight Void Tribulation warriors in the Immortal Tomb of Heaven Mist!
Of course, since he was following everyone from the Cloud Hall, Luo Zheng didn't show any reaction.

Chapter 519
After entering the immortal tomb, everyone's vigilance had been raised to the maximum. Everyone's cultivation was suppressed, and that had created a huge psychological pressure. Coupled with the chilly wind blowing through the tunnel, the atmosphere became even more oppressive.
After all, this was the tomb of an Immortal, and according to the legends, an Immortal was an existence that defied the Heavenly Dao. Even though the Immortal was dead, this tomb was built by an Immortal, and it was bound to be filled with traps!
A few Divine Core disciples of the Cloud Hall followed closely behind the Sect Elders. This was the only way they could feel safe. Most of the time, warriors weren't afraid of death, but they were afraid of dying in vain.
Luckily, Daoist Big Dream was controlling his puppet, and he was walking in the front. They didn't encounter any traps along the way, and right now, everyone could still see the puppet exploring the path ahead.
But, the puppet was perfectly fine, so why did Granny Yu remind everyone to be careful?
Granny Yu was a Life and Death warrior, and even though her cultivation was suppressed, her overall strength was still much stronger than everyone else. Right after her words left her mouth, a dark shadow suddenly appeared and hopped towards the puppet controlled by Daoist Big Dream.
Daoist Big Dream's overall strength was ranked in the top three amongst all the Sect Elders in the Cloud Hall. He was only second to Granny Yu and Ning Yudie, and was on par with Mister Zhuo.
When Daoist Big Dream was controlling Luo Zheng, he was able to easily defeat a group of elite disciples with his Xiantian cultivation. His skill in puppetry had reached a very high level, and under Daoist Big Dream's control, the puppet not far away from him was not weak. It was at least as strong as a Divine Core warrior.
Daoist Master Big Dream reacted extremely quickly in the face of that pitch-black shadow. Suddenly, a slender sword shot out from the golem's hand!
Although the puppet had the same appearance as a human, it was still a puppet created by Daoist Big Dream, and the weapon was hidden in the puppet's arm.
When the thin sword shot out, it viciously slashed toward the dark shadow.
"Ding!"
When the thin sword, which was comparable to an Immortal Weapon, collided with the dark shadow, it produced a spark, and at the same time, a metallic sound rang out.
Only now did everyone see what the dark shadow was.
"It's actually a refined Yin Corpse!" Daoist Big Dream said with a frown.
The Yin Corpse was refined by someone. It was originally a kind of insidious evil technique. It refined the corpse of a dead person into a powerful weapon. Moreover, the stronger the strength of the deceased when they were alive, the more powerful the Yin Corpse would be.
The Yin Corpse was only pushed back a few steps by Daoist Master Big Dream's puppet, then it reached out two black arms to grab Daoist Master Big Dream's puppet.
Daoist Master Big Dream knit his brows and controlled the puppet to counterattack. Two flying daggers suddenly shot out from the puppet's chest and at the same time, a sharp dagger suddenly protruded from the puppet's knee. Raising its leg, it fiercely slammed into the Yin Corpse.
"Ding ding …"
The Yin Corpse's flesh seemed to be extremely tough, the puppet's two attacks did not cause any damage to the Yin Corpse.
On the other hand, the Yin Corpse's hands suddenly intertwined and stabbed into the puppet's chest like two knives. Then, with a forceful pull, Daoist Master Big Dream's puppet was directly torn to pieces.
After the Yin Corpse tore apart the puppet, its figure flashed and pounced toward the people of the Cloud Hall.
Yin Corpses did not have any intelligence, as long as it invaded its territory, it would attack indiscriminately.
Granny Yu and Ning Yudie didn't move, but Mister Zhuo, who had been silent all this time, sneered and took a step forward. A long spear suddenly appeared in his hand, and he thrust it towards the Yin Corpse's head.
The long spear was covered in lightning. When the spear thrusted out, it was like a lightning dragon, aiming at the Yin Corpse's head. It was fast and accurate.
"Bo!"
The Yin Corpse's head was instantly blown apart by the spear!
In terms of attack power, Senior Mister Zhuo was stronger than Daoist Master Big Dream. In the Cloud Hall, he was second only to Granny Yu and Ning Yudie.
The Yin Corpse that had lost its head swayed twice before its stiff body fell to the ground.
Although Senior Mister Zhuo had destroyed the Yin Corpse with a single spear, everyone's mood did not relax at all.
In the minds of these people, Yin Corpses were not something that could be seen in public. There were only a few Second and Third Grade Sects in the Central Domain that had this method of refining Yin Corpses.
The Yin Corpses in the Cloud Hall weren't very strong, and even a Divine Core warrior could easily kill them. But now, Senior Mister Zhuo had to use his spear to kill one. Didn't that mean the other things in this Skymist Immortal Tomb were much stronger?
After killing the Yin Corpse, the group continued walking forward. The path became wider, but the Yin energy became denser.
"Both sides are filled with Yin Corpses!" An elite disciple from the Cloud Hall said with a trembling voice. This elite disciple from the Cloud Hall was a Divine Core warrior, but when he saw so many Yin Corpses, his scalp still went numb.
Luo Zheng who was following behind the group glanced around. There were two rows of black iron fences on both sides of the wide path, and the fences were filled with Yin Corpses. There were at least ten Yin Corpses in each row, and Luo Zheng estimated that there were at least three to four hundred Yin Corpses in each row of fences.
These Yin Corpses stretched out their black hands from behind the fences and kept jumping around. When they saw the group approaching, they became restless. Some of the Yin Corpses were even letting out 'ho ho' noises, and it was a terrifying sight to behold.
"Don't be afraid, these Yin Corpses are trapped behind the fences, and they can't get out!" A Sect Elder immediately said.
Hearing the Sect Elder's words, the elite disciples felt slightly comforted. The black iron fences looked very sturdy, and although these Yin Corpses had incredible strength, they couldn't tear the fences apart.
However, just as the group took a few steps forward, they suddenly heard a crisp cracking sound. The fences on both sides of the path had retracted back into the walls at the same time.
Without the fences separating them, the Yin Corpses started leaping towards the group from the Cloud Hall.
Granny Yu let out a cold snort, then she said, "Kill them all!" After saying that, she waved the walking stick in her hand and charged towards the group of Yin Corpses.
Although there were a lot of Yin Corpses, and although the Void Tribulation Sect Elders had their cultivation bases suppressed, it wasn't too difficult for them to deal with these Yin Corpses.
"Pu! Pu! Pu! "
Mister Zhuo thrust out his spear three times in an instant, and each thrust was accompanied by a long and narrow lightning bolt. In an instant, three Yin Corpses' heads were blown off.
Daoist Big Dream's speed wasn't slow either. Right now, he was wearing a pair of bronze gloves, and whenever he took a step forward, he would appear behind a Yin Corpse in an unpredictable manner. With a single punch, he would crush the Yin Corpse's head!
Daoist Big Dream's best skill was the Phantom Steps, but there was no need for him to use it right now.
The Sect Elders kept killing the Yin Corpses in front of them. As for the Divine Core disciples of the Cloud Hall, they were in a much more miserable state.
Their cultivation bases were originally at the Divine Core realm, but after being suppressed by the strange suppressive force in the immortal tomb, their cultivation bases had dropped by one stage. Now, they were only at the Divine Core realm.
"Fang Li, let's go!" A disciple of the Cloud Hall drew his sword.
Another disciple of the Cloud Hall nodded his head, then he drew his sword and charged towards the Yin Corpses as well.
"Ding, ding …"
For them, these Yin Corpses were invulnerable, and they couldn't cause any harm to them. It seemed like the only thing they could do was run for their lives!
Luckily, there were six Sect Elders from the Cloud Hall, and while these Sect Elders were killing the Yin Corpses, they still had the energy to protect these elite disciples.
Seeing that they couldn't defend against these Yin Corpses, two Sect Elders came over and covered them.
"Be careful!" Right at this moment, a disciple of the Cloud Hall shouted at Luo Zheng.
Behind Luo Zheng, a Yin Corpse was sneakily leaping towards Luo Zheng. All the disciples of the Cloud Hall had witnessed the strength of this Yin Corpse. Since it was able to tear apart Daoist Big Dream's puppet, it should be able to do the same to them.
After hearing the warning from the disciple of the Cloud Hall, Luo Zheng immediately turned his body around, then he saw a Yin Corpse with a face full of fangs. This Yin Corpse had to go through a lot of processes before it was created, and that was why its body was black. This Yin Corpse had a ferocious expression, and it was about to pounce towards Luo Zheng.
One of the Sect Elders who was responsible for protecting the disciples of the Cloud Hall quickly dashed over, planning to kill this Yin Corpse. This Sect Elder knew very well about Luo Zheng's position in the Cloud Hall, and he couldn't let anything happen to him.
However, before the Sect Elder could do anything, Luo Zheng flipped his wrist, and raised the Low Saint rank longsword in his hand. The tip of the sword trembled, and with the strength of 500 dragon scales in his body, the sword was thrust out.
"Shattering Sword!"
"Slap!"
With just a single strike, the Yin Corpse's head was shattered.
Besides Mister Zhuo and Daoist Big Dream, even Fei Han and the other Sect Elders couldn't do it so cleanly. The Sect Elder who came to save Luo Zheng was startled.
The few Divine Core disciples of the Cloud Hall were startled as well.
＝＝＝＝＝

Chapter 520
If they were in the outside world, these Yin Corpses' strength wouldn't be considered outstanding.
These Divine Core disciples of the Cloud Hall could easily kill them, but after entering the Heavenmist Immortal Tomb, their cultivation bases were suppressed. Even though they were Divine Core warriors, and two of them were even at the Late Divine Core realm.
But, because of this suppression, their overall strength was only equivalent to a Divine Reflection realm warrior, and it was difficult for them to kill these Yin Corpses.
During the Martial Dao Competition, Luo Zheng had indeed shown his true strength. With his Divine Reflection realm cultivation base, he had defeated a Divine Core genius.
The disciples of the Cloud Hall no longer treated Luo Zheng as a Divine Reflection realm warrior. But, after entering the Heavenmist Immortal Tomb, everyone's cultivation bases were suppressed, and Luo Zheng should be the same as those Divine Core disciples of the Cloud Hall. He shouldn't be able to fight these Yin Corpses.
But, just now, Luo Zheng had killed all these Yin Corpses right in front of their eyes.
Didn't that mean Luo Zheng's strength was comparable to Mister Zhuo and Daoist Dameng?
Now, they couldn't wrap their heads around this.
A Divine Reflection realm warrior challenging a Divine Core warrior who was a whole realm higher than him, this was something that no one had ever done before. But, Luo Zheng had done it. This meant he had incredible talent, incredible strength, and great fortune.
Although no one believed it, they were gradually able to accept it.
He had indeed relied on his own strength to defeat Cui Yun and kill Si Miaoling. If it wasn't for Cui Xie's threat to withdraw from the Martial Arts Conference and set up that perverted sect protecting formation that made one's hair stand on end, perhaps even the Void Spirit Sect's Little Jie would not be his match.
Although many people didn't want to admit it, they still had to accept it.
But, crossing two realms and having the same strength as a Void Tribulation warrior, wasn't this a bit too much?
"Luo Zheng … how did you do it?" A disciple of the Cloud Hall asked.
Two Early Void Tribulation realm Sect Elders were looking at Luo Zheng as well, hoping he could give them an answer.
Luo Zheng spread his hands and smiled. His body suddenly moved, and with a single step, he crossed a distance of 15 to 60 meters, then he thrust out his sword again.
"Boom!" Another Yin Corpse's head was blown up by Luo Zheng's Saint Grade Longsword. After losing its head, the Yin Corpse swayed a few times before kneeling down in front of Luo Zheng.
Ning Yudie swung the Profound Ice Halberd in her hand. Every time she made a move, the cold qi froze several Yin Corpses. Then she swung the Profound Ice Halberd and charged forward.
"Kuang kuang kuang …"
These Yin Corpses were like pieces of crystal, but they were shattered by Ning Yudie. The corpses of the Yin Corpses fell to the ground.
After exterminating the wave of Yin Corpses in front of her, Ning Yudie looked back indifferently. She happened to see Luo Zheng blow up the head of a Yin Corpse. Her eyes were slightly startled, but then they were filled with a smile. She felt that in Luo Zheng's dictionary, there was no such thing as "no". Luo Zheng's speed of killing Yin Corpses was almost comparable to Daoist Master Dameng and Great Teacher Zhuo …
Granny Yu didn't make a move. These Yin Corpses were indeed a bit troublesome, but they were only a small problem. If Granny Yu had to make a move against these small problems when they had just entered, then there would be no need to continue on the road ahead. It was still not too late to turn back now.
Under the extermination of Ning Yudie, several Sect Elders, and Luo Zheng, the number of Yin Corpses was rapidly decreasing.
After the last Yin Corpse was smashed to pieces by Ning Yudie's Profound Ice Halberd, a loud roar came from the front, followed by heavy footsteps.
Ning Yudie stood in front of everyone. The Profound Ice Halberd was placed behind her waist, and she was staring into the darkness in front of her.
Soon, a huge figure dashed out from the darkness.
At the same time, an enormous demonic energy swept across the crowd!
The False Tribulation Sect Elders were still fine, they were able to withstand this demonic energy that contained an infinite amount of fear. However, besides Great Teacher Zhuo and Daoist Master Dameng, all the other Sect Elders' faces had turned pale.
As for the group of Divine Core Cloud Hall disciples, all of their faces had turned deathly pale, as if all the blood on their faces had been sucked dry. Their teeth were chattering non-stop!
"What a strong demonic … demonic energy …" A Cloud Hall disciple tried his best to suppress the fear in his heart as he stuttered.
Luo Zheng's expression remained unchanged. His eyes were calm as he stared into the darkness in front of him.
Luo Zheng was no stranger to demons. Back in White Emperor City, he had killed many Demon Soldiers and Demon Generals, and he had nearly died in the hands of a Demon King.
But, those demons, even those Demon Kings, couldn't unleash such a powerful demonic energy! If Luo Zheng's soul hadn't entered the Combat Soul realm, perhaps he wouldn't have been able to withstand such a powerful demonic energy.
"Demons?" Ning Yudie furrowed her brows.
Under the attacks of many warriors, the Demon Clan in the Central Region was in a state of complete extinction. Therefore, a part of the Demon Clan passed through the Eastern Region and created a huge space crack. They wanted to occupy the entire Eastern Region and use it as a stronghold to invade the Central Region.
This was the reason why Luo Zheng had gone to White Emperor City to train.
But, because of the existence of the Blue Cloud Sect, the demons had always had the opportunity to expand.
The Demon Race was a large race that was comparable to the human race. Of course, the experts in the race were not limited to the Demon Kings and Demon Generals. However, if the Demon Race sent out an even more powerful Demon Thearch, the Cloud Palace would naturally send out an expert of the False Tribulation Realm.
"It's a dead Demon Emperor that had been refined into a Yin Corpse. Let me deal with it," Grandma Yu said indifferently as she walked forward with her walking stick.
"It's just a Demon Emperor Yin Corpse. There's no need for master to take action. Xiao Die can handle it." After speaking, Ning Yudie rushed out first.
Ever since Ning Yudie had stepped into the False Tribulation Realm, she hadn't used her full strength. However, there were people who had estimated her strength. Although she was only at the early stage of the False Tribulation Realm, her true strength was equivalent to the late stage of the False Tribulation Realm!
Ning Yudie's white figure fluttered. As her skirt fluttered, bits of icy mist quietly spread out.
"Dong dong dong …"
A Demon Emperor was ten times stronger than a Demon King. It was as tall as three people. Standing in front of Ning Yudie, compared to Ning Yudie's petite figure, it was like a giant.
"Ho ho!"
The Demon Emperor Yin Corpse made a strange sound from its throat. It waved its two sharp claws and clawed at Ning Yudie.
"Bang!"
Just as the two sharp claws were about to land, they were blocked by Ning Yudie's Profound Ice Halberd. Ning Yudie held the Profound Ice Halberd in one hand and actually blocked the power of the Demon Emperor Yin Corpse's claws!
Just this Profound Ice Halberd alone was more than four feet taller than Ning Yudie's body, and in her small hands, a light blue True Qi was constantly flickering. Holding this Profound Ice Halberd that was completely disproportionate to her size, Ning Yudie was able to stop the Monster Emperor Yin Corpse's hands. This scene was extremely shocking and strange!
Who could imagine that Ning Yudie's petite body actually contained such power?
Not only that, she suddenly turned one of her hands and twisted the Demon Emperor Yin Corpse's hands downward. She actually began to press it down!
The Demon Emperor Yin Corpse that was like a small mountain was pressed down inch by inch by Ning Yudie. It was as if the Profound Ice Halberd that was pressing it down weighed millions of kilograms, or even tens of millions of kilograms!
Finally, the Demon Emperor Yin Corpse could no longer bear the weight. Its huge body actually knelt on one knee on the ground. Even though it was kneeling on one knee, the Demon Emperor Yin Corpse was still much taller than Ning Yudie.
This Demon Emperor Yin Corpse had already lost its intelligence. Even though it knew it wasn't an enemy, it still exploded with all its strength to resist the Profound Ice Halberd's pressure. The "ho ho" sounds from its mouth became louder and louder. The Demon Emperor Yin Corpse's terrifying red compound eyes stared firmly at Ning Yudie.
Ning Yudie suddenly revealed a cold smile. The Profound Ice Halberd in her small hand suddenly shrunk. Her figure turned in a circle, and the Profound Ice Halberd also circled around her. From the other side, it ruthlessly swept across the Demon Emperor Yin Corpse's side.
"Bang!"
This Demon Emperor Yin Corpse was directly whipped away by Ning Yudie. It heavily crashed into the wall not far away.
Seeing this scene, Zhuo Bufan's eyes flashed. He had always been unconvinced by Ning Yudie's strength. But now, the strength that Ning Yudie had exploded with made him feel ashamed of his inferiority.
Everyone was also shocked by Ning Yudie's brute force …
Ning Yudie didn't give this Demon Emperor Yin Corpse a chance to get up. Her figure flickered again, and a snowflake-like rune suddenly appeared in her left eye.
"Absolute Ice Seal!"
At this time, a frightening chill exploded around Ning Yudie's body. The immortal tomb, which was originally filled with chilly winds, became as cold as an ice cave.
Just as the Demon Emperor Yin Corpse was about to get up, its body suddenly stiffened. It remained motionless in the position of getting up.
"Crack!"

Chapter 521
Because Ning Yudie had dissipated her cultivation nine times, her cultivation base was constantly changing. Therefore, it was very difficult for people to measure Ning Yudie's strength.
Many people thought that even if Ning Yudie's strength recovered to the False Tribulation Realm, she would only be slightly stronger than Mister Zhuo and Daoist Master Dameng. However, now it seemed that Ning Yudie was much stronger than them. If Ning Yudie entered the late stage of the False Tribulation Realm, she might be able to fight against a Life and Death Realm expert.
After dealing with this Yin Corpse Demon Emperor, Ning Yudie once again led everyone forward.
At the same time, the experts on the other eight paths of the immortal graveyard were also moving forward!
Behind Cui Xie, the six cloaked martial artists didn't say a word. Facing this group of Yin Corpses, Cui Xie and the six independent False Tribulation Realm martial artists almost completely crushed them in a few breaths.
As for the martial artists of Blood Wood Cliff, Black Mountain Sect, and Mysterious Yin Mansion, they also passed through this path without any danger.
Among these nine forces, the fastest to pass through was the group of martial artists from Divine Nation. The black-robed woman and the handsome man didn't even make a move. One of the people behind them rushed out, took out a golden bow, and shot five sharp arrows at the Yin Corpses!
These five sharp arrows seemed to have a life of their own as they shot towards five Yin Corpses. Strangely, after shooting through the heads of the five Yin Corpses, the remaining power of these arrows didn't disappear. Instead, they swallowed the power of the Yin Corpses and became even stronger. At the same time, they split into two!
The five sharp arrows turned into ten sharp arrows and shot towards the other ten Yin Corpses. After absorbing the power of these ten Yin Corpses, the sharp arrows turned into twenty, forty, eighty, one hundred and sixty sharp arrows!
Hundreds of Yin Corpses were dealt with in just a few breaths. Then, all the sharp arrows merged into one and shot towards the last Yin Corpse Demon Emperor. The arrow pierced through the last Yin Corpse Demon Emperor in an instant.
If the power of this bow was seen by many martial artists in the Central Domain, they would be speechless with envy.
According to the characteristics of this bow, if there was a war between sects, one arrow could turn into two, two into four, four into eight … A single arrow could probably kill a million martial artists!
"Elder Gong's Void Transformation Bow is indeed worthy of its reputation. Hehe …" Another Life and Death Realm guard praised.
The warrior holding the bow smiled slightly and then put away the bow.
As for the black-robed woman and the handsome man, it was as if they didn't see the scene before them. They didn't pay any attention to the conversation between the two Life and Death experts. Their expressions didn't change either, as if everything was supposed to be like this.
The two of them passed through the Yin Corpses and continued forward … …
The unluckiest one was a Third Grade Family, the Yan family from Iron Salt City. This Third Grade Family could be considered as an aristocratic family in the Central Domain, and the Family Chief, Yan Shaofeng, was a Mid False Tribulation warrior. But too bad, apart from Yan Shaofeng, all the other members of the Yan family were only Divine Core warriors.
The Yan family had been working hard to become a Fourth Grade Family, and the Immortal Graveyard Spirit Lamp was a secret treasure passed down from their ancestors. The Yan family had been waiting for this day for several hundred years!
In the Heavenly Mist Immortal Graveyard, apart from Yan Shaofeng who had the ability to protect himself, none of the other men were able to fight back against those Yin Corpses. Therefore, in just a short period of time, they were all torn to pieces by the Yin Corpses. Only Yan Shaofeng survived.
Right at this moment, Yan Shaofeng almost went crazy. But, he alone was powerless to save himself. With the appearance of the last Demon Emperor Yin Corpse, Yan Shaofeng had no choice but to retreat back into the tunnel.
If the Yan family didn't have a False Tribulation warrior like him, they would be divided by the other families and powers. Therefore, he couldn't die here.
However, when Yan Shaofeng was walking back into the tunnel, he suddenly heard an indifferent voice … …
"Enter my Heavenly Immortal Graveyard … don't turn back … …"
"Who is it?!" When Yan Shaofeng heard the voice, he couldn't help but panic. He immediately ran back into the tunnel at full speed.
"Heaven's Royal Divine Capital … … Stretch out your neck to receive longevity … …"
The voice kept repeating intermittently, causing Yan Shaofeng to panic even more. However, even though the tunnel was long, it didn't take long for a False Tribulation Realm warrior to pass through it at full speed.
"The entrance is just ahead!"
As long as Yan Shaofeng rushed out of the tunnel and entered the space tunnel, he would be able to return to Iron Salt City!
However, just as he rushed to the entrance of the tunnel, he discovered that there was an additional tombstone at the entrance of the tunnel!
There were some words neatly engraved on the tombstone. The words weren't difficult to read, but Yan Shaofeng didn't have the mind to read the words on the tombstone.
As he ran, the Vital Essence in Yan Shaofeng's body flickered like a rainbow. He punched out!
"A tombstone wants to block my way? Break for me! Burning Sky Fist! "
"Peng!"
This tombstone looked like it was made of ordinary blue stone. Even a Bone Refining martial artist would be able to break it with a single punch. But after withstanding Yan Shaofeng's punch, the tombstone didn't move at all. It stood firmly in front of them.
"Break!"
"Peng!"
"Break!"
"Peng!"
Unable to pass through the tombstone, Yan Shaofeng nearly went crazy. He desperately struck the tombstone.
But under the constant strikes of the tombstone, the words on it began to glow.
Yan Shaofeng finally noticed the words on it. "Enter my Heavenly Immortal Tomb, don't turn back. Heaven's Imperial Divine Capital, stretch out your neck to receive eternal life!" There was also a signature next to it. On top of it were two words, "Heavenly Immortal!"
It was just two words, but they were like a mountain. Yan Shaofeng glanced at them and felt his vision darken. He spat out a mouthful of blood!
At this time, a series of "ho ho" sounds came from behind Yan Shaofeng. It was a large group of Yin Corpses and the Fey Emperor Yin Corpse that had followed him into the tunnel, blocking his path.
Yan Shaofeng leaned against the tombstone, his eyes filled with despair. His heart was filled with regret. His family was a third-grade family clan, so why did he want to steal food from the tiger's mouth? He wanted to join in the fun with those fourth-grade and fifth-grade sects!
As an ancient martial art practitioner, the most important thing was to weigh their own weight and strength. If he wanted to compete with a group of top powers in the Central Domain, he would only be digging his own grave …
Luo Zheng followed behind Ning Yudie and slowly shuttled through the Immortal Tomb. Ever since they killed those Yin Corpses, they didn't encounter any danger.
The space in the Immortal Tomb was unimaginably vast. After walking for about two incense sticks' worth of time, they heard Mister Zhuo suddenly exclaim in surprise, "Herb Garden!"
Everyone followed Mister Zhuo's gaze. Not far away, there was indeed a large herb garden!
Since the Immortal Tomb was built, no one had visited it. If there were really immortal herbs planted in the herb garden, after thousands of years of growth, their value would be immeasurable!
Ning Yudie's face revealed a trace of joy. If they could find the Life-Death Flower in this herb garden, it would be great! The Life-Death Flower was extremely important to her and her master.
The people of the Cloud Hall also quickly rushed towards the herb garden. Luo Zheng also followed closely behind.
On the ground at the entrance of the herb garden, there was the word "Rites"!
Seeing the word "Rites", Luo Zheng's eyelids slightly jumped. What did this mean? Rites? Gifts?
This Heavenly Mist Immortal Tomb was full of strange things. If it was really a dangerous place, then were those Yin Corpses at the entrance really dangerous? Ordinary fourth rank sects could even enter, right? Who would build their own place like this? And also raise a bunch of Yin Corpses to protect the Immortal Tomb?
Why would the elders of the Cloud Hall think so much?
"Maybe I'm thinking too much," Luo Zheng secretly thought. Then he also walked into the herb garden. The moment he stepped into the herb garden, all kinds of strange fragrances entered his nose.
"So fragrant!"
As far as the eye could see, there were all kinds of strange flowers and herbs blooming in the herb garden. Maybe it was because no one had taken care of it for thousands of years, but these strange flowers and herbs were scattered messily.
"This is Dragon Saliva Grass!" An elder let out a pleasantly surprised voice.
"Dream Flower! It really is a Dream Flower! "Another elder laughed.
Ning Yudie swept past the strange flowers and herbs, but her face gradually flashed with a trace of disappointment. She didn't find the legendary Life-Death Flower.
Although these herbs were precious, they could only be used as raw materials for level five or level six pills. They might not be able to enter Ning Yudie's eyes.
Luo Zheng also appropriately picked a few herbs, but they were all herbs that could stabilize one's cultivation. At this time, Qinglong's voice sounded again. "Luo Zheng, the herbs in this herb garden are very ordinary, but there is one thing that is very precious!"
"What is precious?" Luo Zheng suspiciously asked, "Aren't the most precious things in the herb garden the herbs?"
Qinglong laughed and said, "In the center of the herb garden, there is a clump of brown soil. Take this clump of soil away."
"A clump of soil?" Luo Zheng revealed a strange expression.
"Yes, that is not ordinary soil. That is Living Soil." Qinglong lightly said.

Chapter 522
Qinglong had a unique vision, in his eyes, these herbs were nothing. Without hesitation, Luo Zheng walked towards the center of the herb garden.
A few Sect Elders were crazily harvesting these herbs, and Granny Yu and Ning Yudie didn't stop them.
The Cloud Hall had its own herb garden as well, and these herbs were much better than those in the Cloud Hall's herb garden. However, since these Sect Elders were willing to risk their lives and venture into the immortal tomb, they wanted to find their own opportunities and obtain some benefits. Therefore, Ning Yudie didn't stop them from harvesting the herbs.
As for the few disciples of the Cloud Hall, they were all extremely happy!
These herbs were considered high ranked herbs in the Cloud Hall, and each of them was extremely valuable. They were considered top ranked herbs even for Void Tribulation Sect Elders, and for Divine Core warriors like them, it wasn't hard to imagine how much they were worth.
Although they didn't dare fight with the Sect Elders in the center of the herb garden, they were satisfied with just harvesting the herbs at the edges.
Luo Zheng walked towards the center of the herb garden. All the Sect Elders only threw a glance at Luo Zheng, but they didn't pay any attention to him.
Luo Zheng shifted his gaze to the ground. The entire herb garden was filled with black fertile soil, but right now, under Luo Zheng's feet, there was a palm-sized piece of brown soil.
"Is this the Living Soil?" Luo Zheng asked.
"Yes, just dig it out, it will be useful in the future." Qinglong said with an indifferent tone.
Without saying anything, Luo Zheng took out the longsword in his hand and stabbed it into the ground. After that, he cut the ground four times, and with a gentle pry, he dug out the brown Living Soil.
Out of Luo Zheng's expectation, although it looked like a piece of brown soil, it was extremely heavy. Even with Luo Zheng's current arm strength, he still felt it was heavy! When the brown Living Soil was dug out, it started flowing and forming into a small brown ball that emitted a metallic luster.
This thing was neither metal nor soil. It was indeed a strange thing.
"What's that?" Mister Zhuo's eyes flashed. He walked towards Luo Zheng and suddenly stretched out his hand!
The gazes of several Elders also converged on the small brown ball in Luo Zheng's hand. Although they didn't know what it was, they knew it wasn't an ordinary object.
Ning Yudie didn't say anything to stop them. The things in the medicine garden naturally belonged to whoever discovered them.
However, Mister Zhuo's reaction was the fastest. Caught off guard, he wanted to snatch the Living Soil from Luo Zheng's hands.
Who knew that Luo Zheng would flip his palm and avoid Mister Zhuo's grasp. Then, Luo Zheng stuffed the Breathing Soil into his spatial ring with lightning speed. He glanced at Mister Zhuo and asked, "What are you doing?"
Mister Zhuo laughed mischievously. "Nothing. I was just curious and wanted to take a look."
Luo Zheng sneered. He turned his head and looked around the medicine garden to see if there were any spirit herbs that he could use. Mister Zhuo said it so easily. He had reacted quickly. If Mister Zhuo had taken it away, it wouldn't have been so easy for him to get it back. Did he need Ning Yudie to deal with such a trivial matter?
Mister Zhuo must have calculated this point. That's why he suddenly snatched it. However, he didn't expect Luo Zheng's reaction to be so fast.
In a short while, the entire medicine garden was picked clean by everyone. Even the meridians of the spirit herbs weren't spared.
After the medicine garden was cleared, everyone didn't stop and continued forward.
At this time, Luo Zheng remembered that there was a large "Etiquette" character at the entrance of the herb garden. It was originally a strange thing for a herb garden to be erected here, but there was also a "Etiquette" character written on it. The only explanation was that the owner of the immortal tomb had deliberately designed it this way.
The spirit lamp of the immortal tomb, the passage, the gift … this was simply inviting people into a trap. However, they didn't know what kind of trap this "trap" was. Moreover, now that they had entered, there was no turning back.
Not long after passing through the medicine garden, everyone saw a large door. This door was a bit strange. There were many small doors above this large door. These small doors were arranged in a row. Luo Zheng casually swept his eyes over them and estimated that there were actually 45 small doors …
"Why are there so many small doors?" Ning Yudie frowned as she looked around.
"Everyone enter from the same door," Daoist Master Dameng said.
Exploring this kind of desperate situation, rashly splitting up was a big taboo. Daoist Master Dameng's idea was naturally correct.
Ning Yudie hesitated for a moment and took the lead to open a door. The moment she walked in, the door closed.
"What's going on?" Luo Zheng and Grandma Yu both frowned at the same time.
"Only one person can pass through each door?" Luo Zheng reached out to pull the door, but found that the small folding door didn't budge.
Grandma Yu reached out with her walking stick and forcefully poked at the small door.
"Boom!"
Apart from a muffled sound, the small door didn't suffer any damage.
Everyone looked at each other in dismay. They didn't know what Ning Yudie had encountered after entering the door.
Luo Zheng's expression sank. He reached out and pulled open another small door next to the one Ning Yudie had entered. Immediately, his whole body went in. As soon as he entered, Luo Zheng felt a great attractive force pulling him forward. He simply couldn't resist this force, so he couldn't even retreat.
Soon after, the door behind him slammed shut …
No wonder Ning Yudie had closed the small door. Once he entered, he simply couldn't leave.
At this moment, Luo Zheng found himself in a pitch-black space. Apart from a light in front of him, everything else was pitch-black.
"I can only brace myself and walk forward." Luo Zheng walked for a while in this pitch-black space. He was getting closer and closer to the light. Finally, he approached the light. He took a step towards the light. In an instant, he walked out of this pitch-black passage. He was actually on a platform. This platform was five feet wide and ten feet long.
"Luo Zheng!" Ning Yudie's voice came from Luo Zheng's left.
Seeing that Xiao Die was safe and sound, Luo Zheng breathed a sigh of relief. It turned out that Xiao Die was on the platform next to him.
The two platforms were only a few feet apart. An adult only needed one step to cross over. However, just as Luo Zheng walked to the edge, an emerald green barrier blocked his way.
"What is this?" Luo Zheng frowned.
Ning Yudie leaned against the edge. She stretched out her orchid fingers and gently probed. Just as her fingertips crossed the edge of the platform, an emerald green barrier rose up. "There is a barrier around this platform. You can't cross it."
After trying to no avail, Luo Zheng began to size up this environment.
This was a huge ring-shaped abyss. He couldn't see the bottom of this abyss. He could only see layers of darkness. It was as if this abyss was a passage to hell. However, Luo Zheng's front, left, and right were all surrounded by this emerald green barrier. Even if he wanted to jump, he couldn't.
This abyss was about four to five hundred feet wide. Luo Zheng noticed that around this abyss, there were a total of nine platforms like Luo Zheng's. Each platform had forty to fifty protruding platforms.
"Nine …" Luo Zheng pondered for a moment. The number "nine" corresponded to the nine spirit lamps in the immortal tomb.
This time, the nine spirit lamps in the immortal tomb were lit. It was reasonable to say that nine forces would join. However, along the way, they didn't see any other forces. It seemed that they would gather here.
However, what was the meaning of this immortal tomb's design?
Could it be that they designed an insurmountable dead end to trap everyone here?
At this time, Granny Yu also passed through the small door and entered a platform to the left of Ning Yudie. In the Cloud Hall, people continuously stood on their own platforms.
After a while, people also appeared in front of Luo Zheng!
"It's the Void Spirit Seven, people from the Void Spirit Sect!"
Luo Zheng saw that on the opposite platform, people continuously appeared. In the end, they occupied 34 platforms. In other words, the Void Spirit Sect sent at least 34 people to enter the Heavenly Mist Immortal Tomb this time.
"Granny Yu, I didn't expect your Cloud Hall to obtain a lamp." When Taoist Priest Qingxu stood on his own platform, he said with a smile.
Granny Yu smiled faintly. "I also didn't expect one of the nine lamps to fall into the hands of the Void Spirit Sect."
In the Central Domain, people had been guessing who had the nine lamps for hundreds of years. This time, it should be clear.
"Luo Zheng!" A slightly childish voice came from the Void Spirit Sect's side.
Luo Zheng looked over and smiled faintly. It was the god-level genius of the Void Spirit Sect, Xiao Jie.
"We still have a battle between us!" Although Xiao Jie's voice was childish, it was very clear.
Luo Zheng spread out his hands. "There will be a chance!"
Xiao Jie was the most disappointed when Luo Zheng withdrew from the Martial Arts Conference at the last minute. Xiao Jie had always felt very regretful that he didn't have a chance to fight with Luo Zheng. Even after returning to the Void Spirit Sect, he kept repeating this.
"You can't forget what we agreed on!" Xiao Jie curled his lips and said.
"Okay." Luo Zheng responded faintly. At this moment, Luo Zheng's thoughts were not on Xiao Jie.
During the Martial Arts Conference, Cui Xie had announced that he had a lamp in the immortal tomb. Then, he should appear now.
Just as he was thinking this, a strong and powerful voice suddenly sounded. "Kid, we meet again."
＝＝＝＝＝

Chapter 523
This abyss was like a giant chimney, and all the platforms were distributed on the same level.
At this moment, people were standing on the platforms one after another.
The vigorous and powerful voice came from the side of the platform.
Luo Zheng raised his eyebrows. The one who spoke was Cui Xie.
When the people in the Cloud Hall saw Cui Xie, they suddenly became nervous.
Because of the Sect Protecting Great Array, the Cloud Hall and Cui Xie were now in a situation where they would fight to the death.
If they were in the Cloud Hall, it would be fine. At least the Minor Heavenly Cycle Three Killing Array could protect them. But now, if the Cloud Hall was facing Cui Xie alone, how could they resist?
Hearing Cui Xie's words, Luo Zheng just sneered, "What an honor!"
At this moment, on another platform, another person appeared. It was the three fat men of the World Business Alliance and the ancient giant of the Business Alliance. In addition, there were many elders of the Business Alliance. Luo Zheng found Elder Xiao among them.
Elder Xiao was also a martial artist who was old but couldn't break through. In this case, he would go out to look for opportunities, hoping to break through and extend his life. After all, if he took a gamble, he might live for a few hundred more years. At most, he would die. If he lived peacefully, he would have to face death in the end. This was the last thing a martial artist, or a martial artist who had cultivated to their level, wanted to face.
"Alliance Master Shi, Alliance Master Yan, Alliance Master Mo." Ning Yudie nodded to the three leaders of the World Business Alliance.
The Cloud Hall had a good relationship with the World Business Alliance. What's more, the ancient giant of the Business Alliance was also here. If they helped each other, they wouldn't be afraid of Cui Xie.
Therefore, when the people in the Cloud Hall saw the people of the Business Alliance, they were relieved.
Then, more and more people appeared. The sect masters and elders of Blood Wood Cliff and Black Mountain Sect also appeared on the platforms.
However, there was one platform that was very strange. On the forty-five platforms, there was only one person. It was a middle-aged martial artist who wasn't very tall, but he was also in the Life and Death Realm!
The number of Life and Death Realm experts in the Central Domain could be counted with one hand. This person was a stranger, so everyone couldn't help but size him up.
Cui Xie was also secretly shocked. He felt that the martial artist's strength wasn't weaker than his, so he asked loudly, "Friend, may I ask which part of the Central Domain you are from?"
After the martial artist got onto the platform, Cui Xie, he opened his eyes....................................................................................... another.........
Cui Xie furrowed his brows. This wasn't a nice remark. It even had a hint of provocation. However, Cui Xie didn't have any impression of this person.
The middle-aged martial artist smiled coldly. "I ran for eight thousand miles day and night, and four million people chased after me nonstop. I wonder if Cui Xie remembers me. I wonder if the Void Spirit Sect remembers me. I wonder if the Cloud Hall remembers me. I wonder if the Business Alliance remembers me."
Hearing the middle-aged cultivator's words, the eyebrows of many of the people present twitched, and their eyes were filled with disbelief!
Ning Yudie pursed her lips and said faintly, "So it's him."
"Who is he?" Luo Zheng asked curiously. What eight thousand miles? Four million? Luo Zheng was also confused. "Poison King, Poison King.
Back then, he was only at the False Tribulation Realm. Because he obtained the Five Poison Scripture, he was chased by many martial artists in the Central Domain. The World Business Alliance joined forces with us to offer a bounty of one million top-grade True Origin Stones. Even martial artists who found clues about Wu Zhanhe would be rewarded handsomely. Therefore, the entire Central Domain began to hunt him down. However, after he cultivated the Five Poison Scripture, his poison skills became very powerful. He was chased for eight thousand miles, and millions of martial artists were mobilized … but in the end, he still escaped. "Ning Yudie whispered," But I didn't participate. I was still young at that time … "
"You were still young at that time? How old are you now? "Luo Zheng suddenly asked.
Ning Yudie glared at Luo Zheng, "In any case, I'm older than you!"
Seeing Ning Yudie's embarrassed and angry expression, Luo Zheng only chuckled.
Cui Xie smiled faintly, "So it's you! I didn't expect that after you escaped, you would be able to see through life and death. At that time, you used the world's most powerful poison technique to escape from my hands. I concluded that you were also a person with great fortune. Not bad, not bad! "
"Not bad my ass! I was forced into the Cloud Dream Swamp by you all and lived a life of savagery. For decades, I was like a day, neither a human nor a ghost! When I obtain the inheritance of Daoist Tian Miao, I will definitely wash the Central Domain with blood. I will eradicate all of you shitty Rank 4 and Rank 5 Sects and establish my own Holy Land! "Wu Zhanhe said coldly.
Cui Xie's eyebrows twitched. He only chuckled and did not say anything. Although Wu Zhanhe was very strong, he might not be Cui Xie's opponent. Furthermore, this fellow was not targeting him alone. Wu Zhanhe clearly hated the Void Spirit Sect, the World Business Alliance, and the Cloud Hall to the bone. Why should Cui Xie bear this fellow's anger?
However, the people from the Void Spirit Sect, the Cloud Hall, and the World Business Alliance all revealed vigilant expressions. The conflict from back then was still vivid in their minds. Wu Zhanhe's appearance was not good news for everyone.
At this moment, another person appeared on the last platform. It was a woman in black and a handsome man.
The woman in black was only at the early stage of the False Tribulation Realm, while the handsome man was at the middle stage of the False Tribulation Realm. After the two of them appeared, they glanced around indifferently. The woman in black had a look of disdain on her face as she said indifferently, "Are these the martial artists from the Tian Bei Region?"
"Tian Bei Region?" The woman in black was closer to Cui Xie. When Cui Xie heard this, he was slightly stunned. "You all came from the Divine Nation?"
Cui Xie's words instantly attracted the attention of the people from the Central Domain. There were actually martial artists from the Divine Nation? In other words, one of the nine lamps had actually landed in the Divine Nation!
"Ant, you don't have the right to ask me a question," the woman in black said indifferently.
Hearing this, the veins on Cui Xie's neck suddenly bulged. He stared at the woman in black gloomily. "What did you say? Say it again if you dare! "
"My Junior Sister said you are an ant. What's wrong? I think it's already an honorific. You should feel honored. "The handsome man smiled slightly.
A surging aura spread out from Cui Xie's body, but it was all blocked by the emerald green boundary at the edge of the platform. During this period, Cui Xie had suffered too much! At the Martial Arts Conference, Luo Zheng had killed Si Miaoling right under Cui Xie's nose! Then, he had hidden in the Sect-Protecting Array of the Cloud Hall to humiliate him. Now, two juniors at the False Tribulation Realm had called him an ant!
How could Cui Xie tolerate this?
"Aren't you afraid of death?" Cui Xie said coldly.
The man and woman sneered. The woman in black immediately said, "You ants from the Tian Bei Region? I'm afraid you don't have the qualifications! "
When the cultivators of the Central Domain heard the woman in black's words, their expressions turned gloomy. These two people from the Divine Nation weren't easy to deal with. Moreover, they weren't just targeting Cui Xie, but all the cultivators of the Central Domain.
However, these two people, one at the early stage of the False Tribulation Realm and the other at the middle stage of the False Tribulation Realm, dared to be so arrogant?
The two of them looked very young. Their bone ages shouldn't be too high. Their talent was good, but in terms of strength, they weren't a match for any of the fourth-grade sects present.
Just as the woman in black finished speaking, several black-clothed cultivators appeared beside the two people. These black-clothed cultivators were all Life and Death Realm experts.
Luo Zheng shook his head. "No wonder you're so confident. It turns out you have a group of Life and Death Realm experts protecting you!"
After the black-clothed cultivators appeared, they didn't say a word. It seemed like this force was led by the man and woman.
Seeing these black-clothed cultivators, Cui Xie's face revealed a hint of dread.
Everyone from the eight forces stood on the platforms around the abyss. Everyone looked at the last empty platform, but no one had appeared.
Naturally, no one would have thought that the last platform originally belonged to Iron Salt City's Yan Family. The Yan Family had already been annihilated by the Yin Corpses.
Everyone was guessing, sizing each other up, or using True Essence Sound Transmissions to discuss what would happen next.
No one could understand why the Heaven Mist Immortal Tomb had such a design. What was that Daoist Heaven Mist trying to do?
While everyone was guessing, a ball of light appeared in the center of the abyss. This ball of light was like a water droplet, constantly twisting. Finally, it turned into a square shape. When the shape began to stabilize, milky white and red dots of light appeared.

Chapter 524
Everyone's eyes were focused on the die, and their faces were filled with doubt.
It was indeed strange for a six-sided die to appear in the immortal tomb.
The die was originally spinning slowly, but it became slower and slower, and finally floated motionlessly in the air.
Just as everyone was puzzled, a ray of light suddenly shot out from the die. The ray of light was like a pointer, circling everyone along the horizontal line.
It passed by the people of Blood Wood Cliff, the people of the Void Spirit Sect, Luo Zheng, Ning Yudie …
The ray of light spun faster and faster, and after reaching a certain speed, it slowly slowed down. Finally, the pointer stopped on the platform of a Black Mountain Sect elder.
The elder who was standing on the platform had a nervous look on his face. He had no idea what was going on.
"What, what is this?" the elder asked in confusion.
No one could give him an answer. It was the first time everyone had seen this thing, so how could they know?
As time passed, the ray of light shot out from the die began to flicker. At the same time, the color of the ray of light began to change. It slowly turned from bright yellow to red, and the two colors constantly flickered.
Seeing the change in the ray of light, the Black Mountain Sect elder also began to panic. He looked at Sect Master Hei Ya in panic and shouted, "Sect Master, save me!"
Hei Ya was not far from the elder, but the problem was that the emerald green barrier around the platform could not be broken. How could Hei Ya save him?
In the end, when the ray of light completely turned red, it suddenly shone on the Black Mountain Sect elder. A heart-palpitating energy erupted from the ray of light and instantly blasted the elder into pieces!
Everyone's expressions changed when they saw this scene!
Hei Ya's face was covered by a mask, so his expression could not be seen, but his expression must not be good.
The energy contained in the ray of light made people unable to raise the thought of resisting. It was extremely terrifying.
Not to mention the False Tribulation Realm elder, even a Life and Death Realm expert might not be able to block this ray of light.
What the hell was this? Whoever this ray of light hit would die?
No one answered this question. After the ray of light killed the Black Mountain Sect elder, it began to slowly spin again.
Everyone's heart was hanging in the air. They were all praying in their hearts that the light would not shine on them!
In the end, the beam of light still slowly descended. Its speed became slower and slower, and it actually slid towards the Cloud Hall!
When the people from the other sects saw this, they heaved a sigh of relief. It seemed that the sun would not shine on them.
At this moment, the expressions of everyone in the Cloud Hall sank …
Mister Zhuo looked at the beam of light that was slowly moving towards him. His face turned ashen. He only let out a sigh of relief when the beam of light slowly passed through his body.
Next, the beam of light slid towards Daoist Big Dream. Daoist Big Dream frowned as he stared at the beam of light that symbolized death, constantly thinking of a way to deal with it.
However, this beam of light still didn't stop on Daoist Master Big Dream's body. In the end, it swept past Granny Yu and slowly moved towards Ning Yudie.
"Xiao Die." Luo Zheng's heart suddenly tightened.
Just when everyone thought that the beam of light's target this time was Xiao Die, it moved a little and actually pointed at Luo Zheng!
A faint smile appeared on Cui Xie's face. This kid's luck was heaven-defying, but there were also times when he was so unlucky? Even a False Tribulation Realm martial artist couldn't resist the attack of this beam of light, let alone this kid.
"Luo Zheng!" Ning Yudie's face revealed a hint of nervousness.
Luo Zheng's brows furrowed.
This beam of light would turn red in a few breaths' time and kill him. No one would be able to remain calm at this time.
However, at this moment, Luo Zheng was unusually calm.
He still had some things he could rely on that should be able to resist the red beam of light. For example, the protective talisman given to him by the Dragon Abyss Palace Lord was also from the Upper Realm. Presumably, that protective talisman should be able to resist the attack of this beam of light.
At this time, it was useless to be impatient. The most important thing was to think.
Regardless of the purpose of this Heavenly Mist Immortal Tomb's design, it shouldn't have left such a dead end. As this beam of light rotated, more and more people would die. Could it be that this beam of light wanted to kill everyone?
Calm down, calm down. Luo Zheng constantly reminded himself.
That huge die in the middle …
It was definitely related to that die. The problem was, how could he solve this puzzle?
The die …
The problem was definitely related to that die.
Everyone had to face this die, then …
After a few breaths' time, the red beam of light appeared again. At this time, yellow and red beams of light began to appear alternately. Once this beam of light turned completely red, it would instantly kill Luo Zheng.
A cold smile flashed on some people's faces. They were probably people who had a grudge against Luo Zheng, such as Cui Xie.
However, there were even more people who had worried expressions. Although Luo Zheng was now dead, what would happen next? They also had to face this beam of light. How could they be lucky enough to survive?
The red beam of light pulsed more and more violently. Luo Zheng's eyes flashed. His True Essence surged and he punched out. The fist shadow actually went straight for the die in the middle!
"Bang!"
The strange thing was that the emerald green barrier in front of Luo Zheng didn't stop Luo Zheng's attack. The fist shadow actually went straight for the die in the middle.
The die jumped up from Luo Zheng's punch, rolled a few times, and finally showed a number.
"Two points."
The beam of light that shone on Luo Zheng gradually turned yellow.
"It's fine?" Seeing this scene, everyone was slightly delighted.
Ning Yudie also let out a deep breath. Luo Zheng's luck was really extraordinary.
"It actually wants to hit that huge die in the middle. But I don't know the meaning behind this."
"That Elder of the Black Mountain Sect died an unjust death!"
"Who told him to be so stupid that he didn't know how to attack the die in the middle?"
Everyone discussed spiritedly. Although Luo Zheng was lucky enough to survive, they still couldn't understand. What was the meaning of the Heavenly Mist Immortal Tomb's design?
When the die showed "two points," the emerald green barrier in front of Luo Zheng disappeared. Two discs appeared in front of Luo Zheng.
Looking at the two discs, Luo Zheng secretly nodded. "So that's how it is. Attack the die in front of you. According to the number of points that appear, you can move forward!"
Luo Zheng didn't hesitate. He stepped off the platform, stepped on the discs, and took two steps.
Luo Zheng understood at this moment. Everyone also understood. After having a plan in their hearts, their thoughts became a lot calmer. If it wasn't enough, they just had to attack the die and roll the corresponding number of steps to move forward. This wasn't difficult.
The stone in their hearts fell to the ground. When the beam of light began to rotate again, everyone was no longer so nervous.
When Luo Zheng took two steps, the beam of light began to rotate again. As it continued to rotate, it finally landed on Xiao Jie of the Void Spirit Sect!
Xiao Jie giggled and punched the die as well. Under Xiao Jie's attack, the die spun a few times in the air and finally revealed a number. "Six."
Then, six discs appeared in front of Xiao Jie. After Xiao Jie stepped on them, he smiled at Luo Zheng. "Luo Zheng, my luck is better than yours!"
Luo Zheng smiled faintly and didn't care.
Soon, the beam of light in the middle began to rotate for the fourth time. Soon, it pointed at an Elder of the Mysterious Yin Mansion.
The elder chuckled and also punched out. As a False Tribulation Realm martial artist, he used 80% of his strength in this punch, but it still sent the die in the middle flying high into the air. Then, it fell heavily, revealing a number, "3."
"Three points, not bad!" That Elder of the Mysterious Yin Mansion took three steps forward without any scruples.
However, just as he stepped onto the third disc, the color of the disc changed abruptly. It changed from a translucent color to a fiery red color.
"Lightning Slaughter Inferno Prison!"
A faint voice sounded in everyone's ears.
"Peng Peng …"
Around the elder, a ball of intense flames suddenly burst out. At the same time, purple lightning bolts crazily descended.
The lightning was like a wild snake, and the scarlet flames were constantly burning the elder!
After a while, the flame and lightning finally disappeared. However, only a handful of charcoal was left on the third disc!

Chapter 525
Everyone had underestimated the situation in front of them. They thought that they could pass through this abyss by simply throwing the die.
However, the encounter of the Mysterious Yin Mansion's Elder clearly told everyone that this wasn't the case.
Dangers seemed to randomly appear on these discs, and they could even lead to death! Even a Life and Death Realm expert wasn't sure if they could withstand the Lightning Slaughter Inferno Prison.
After that, the light beam continued to spin. Then, a few more people threw their dice and continued to walk toward the abyss. However, those people did not encounter the Lightning Slaughter Inferno Prison. Some of them threw a one, and some threw a five...
Then, the beam of light pointed at Ning Yudie.
Ning Yudie gently patted her hand, and the die continued to roll until it finally showed a four.
There were four discs in front of Ning Yudie. The first three were transparent, and the fourth was emerald green.
Seeing the emerald green disc, Ning Yudie hesitated for a moment. Just now, the Mysterious Yin Mansion's Elder stepped on the fiery red disc and triggered the Lightning Slaughter Inferno Prison. Now, she didn't know what this emerald green disc would trigger!
Although she hesitated, Ning Yudie still stepped forward. Now, there was no turning back.
Just as Ning Yudie stepped on the emerald green disc, everyone suddenly heard a voice.
"Longevity Light, reward: five hundred years of lifespan …"
Then, a green beam of light shot out from the disc, enveloping Ning Yudie.
"Reward …" Luo Zheng's face revealed a stunned expression.
Everyone looked at each other in dismay. After regaining their senses, everyone's eyes revealed envy.
No one had expected that this disc would not only have the Lightning Slaughter Inferno Prison as a punishment, but also such a generous reward!
Five hundred years of lifespan!
In the Northern Heaven Region, there were many things that could increase lifespan, such as Life Prolonging Pills, Longevity Pills, and so on. However, these pills were extremely precious, and their effects were very limited.
For example, the Life Prolonging Pill could only extend a person's lifespan by three years. Moreover, each cultivator could only take one pill, and the second pill would lose its effect. Although the Life Prolonging Pill could extend a person's lifespan by twenty years, it contained a special kind of pill poison. After this kind of pill poison entered a cultivator's body, it would be difficult to remove it. The side effect of this pill poison was that the cultivator's strength would be unable to advance for the rest of their life!
Therefore, only some cultivators who were nearing the end of their lifespan would take the Life Prolonging Pill at the last moment.....
However, after Ning Yudie took a step forward, she actually gained 500 years of lifespan … She was originally a Void Tribulation Realm cultivator, so she already had a lifespan of more than a thousand years. In the future, it wouldn't be a problem for her to live for another two thousand years.
How could everyone not be envious?
.......................
. "" The Cloud Hall's luck has always been good. They produced a monstrous talent like Luo Zheng, and Ning Yudie's luck doesn't seem to be any worse than Luo Zheng's. If the Cloud Hall has no intention of dominating the Central Domain and establishing a Divine Nation, it is very likely that they will become a Holy Land in the future! "
"Aren't they just a fourth-grade Sect now?"
"Fourth-grade? Hehe, the Cloud Hall has always been a peak fourth-grade Sect. In fact, after Ning Yudie returned to the False Tribulation Realm, they were considered a quasi fifth-grade Sect. Now, they even have a Sect Protecting Array that can kill a Life and Death Realm powerhouse. Not to mention their true strength, which Sect can take down the Cloud Hall? Therefore, the Cloud Hall should be a fifth-grade Sect! "
Many cultivators from various Sects discussed spiritedly.
After the green light disappeared, Ning Yudie's face revealed a trace of joy.
"Congratulations to the Palace Master of the Cloud Hall for obtaining such a great opportunity," the ancient tycoon of the World Business Alliance said with a faint smile.
Ning Yudie smiled at him and said softly, "Thank you." However, the first thing she did was look at Luo Zheng.
After walking off the platform, the distance between the two was very close. She originally wanted to hear Luo Zheng praise her for her good luck, but who would have thought that Luo Zheng would suddenly come over and ask, "500 years of lifespan? Little Die, I really want to know how old you are now."
Ning Yudie fiercely glared at Luo Zheng, her face full of anger.
Seeing that there was not only danger but also such a reward on the disc, many cultivators became enthusiastic.
For a martial artist, these dangers did exist, but from the moment they stepped onto the path of martial arts, they understood that the world was very fair. Dangers were often accompanied by opportunities. As for whether or not you could obtain an opportunity, that depended not only on your luck, but also on your strength and perseverance!
Although the Lightning Slaughter Inferno Prison was frightening, this opportunity was even more tempting!
After Ning Yudie threw the die, the beam of light finally pointed at Cui Xie. Cui Xie stretched out a finger and lightly pointed at the die. The die gave a "5", and five discs appeared in front of Cui Xie. However, on the fifth disc, it was pitch-black.
Seeing that pitch-black color, Cui Xie had an ominous premonition in his heart.
Seeing this scene, Luo Zheng also slightly jumped. Black originally indicated something negative. This disc was very likely a terrible punishment. If it killed Cui Xie, that would be the best outcome!
"This is an opportunity!" Luo Zheng's heart began to beat faster.
Although he didn't know Luo Yan's current whereabouts and didn't know where Cui Xie had hidden Luo Yan, as long as Cui Xie died, with the influence of the Cloud Hall, no one in the Central Domain would dare to hold Luo Yan. Moreover, the Void Spirit Sect and the World Business Alliance wouldn't be able to interfere …
Cui Xie's face was gloomy. He immediately snorted coldly, took five steps forward, and stepped onto the black disc.
"Extreme Darkness Illusion …"
Just as that voice sounded, a ball of black light enveloped Cui Xie. Everyone saw various phantoms formed by the black fog, constantly surging on the surface of the ball of black light.
"This illusion is so powerful! Those phantoms are actually phantoms of various mythological beasts! "
"Can Cui Xie withstand it? I don't think so! "
"It's better if he dies. If Cui Xie doesn't die, he will definitely become the demon of all the warriors in the Central Domain in the future."
Cui Xie's actions were both righteous and evil, so most warriors were very afraid of Cui Xie. However, Cui Xie's strength was too strong. No one in the Central Domain was his opponent, so everyone could only endure for the time being. However, from the bottom of their hearts, they hoped that Cui Xie would die.
For example, Luo Zheng, Ao Xiang, and the people of the Void Spirit Sect.
"Ha!"
Cui Xie's roar suddenly came from the black light, and a great power was transmitted from the black light.
The power was so strong that even though it penetrated the black light and spread to many warriors, they could still feel an overwhelming pressure. This was Cui Xie's strength!
"I didn't expect that such a strong master could be born in the Tianbei Domain," the handsome man from the Divine Nation said indifferently.
The woman in black was expressionless. "He's still an ant."
Following Cui Xie's roar, the number of Mythological Beasts' phantoms on the black light began to decrease, and several violent movements could be heard from within the black light, as if Cui Xie was engaged in a fierce battle with something extremely powerful!
Gradually, the phantoms of mythological beasts on the black light disappeared one by one, and the black light also gradually dissipated. Cui Xie stood steadily on the disc and snorted coldly, without any expression on his face.
"Cui Xie survived!"
"Too strong. This Extreme Darkness Illusion should be some kind of extremely powerful illusion killing array, but it was broken by Cui Xie just like that."
"No wonder he's the strongest in the Eastern Domain …"
Everyone was surprised by Cui Xie's strength, but only Cui Xie knew what kind of crisis he had just encountered! In the Extreme Darkness Illusion, various mythological beasts constantly appeared. Although these mythological beasts did not have the strength of true mythological beasts, Cui Xie's strength was suppressed. Although he had the cultivation of the Life and Death Realm, he only had the strength of the late stage of the False Tribulation Realm.
Cui Xie killed those mythological beasts one by one, consuming a lot of cultivation methods. In the end, he used almost all of his means to barely pass through the Extreme Darkness Illusion!
After Cui Xie passed through the Extreme Darkness Illusion, the light continued to rotate and pointed at the woman in black from the Divine Nation.
The woman in black cultivated some kind of secret method. She just glanced at the die in the middle of the abyss. The die seemed to be attacked by the woman in black's gaze and began to jump and spin.
Soon, the die showed "six points".
The woman in black looked at the six points and took a step forward indifferently. There were six discs in front of the woman in black, and the last one emitted a yellow halo.
When the woman in black stepped on the sixth disc, a voice suddenly sounded in everyone's ears. "Throw again …"
The woman in black smiled faintly, but everyone was stunned. How could there be such treatment?
＝＝＝＝＝

Chapter 526
The black-clothed woman stood on the disc and looked at the die in the middle of the abyss once more. The die began to rapidly spin once more.
After a while, the die slowly came to a stop.
"It's actually a six again!"
"Isn't this woman's luck too good?"
At this time, everyone understood that they were in a special game within the Misty Sky Immortal Tomb. As for why Misty Sky Immortal had designed this game, no one knew. However, since everyone was starting from the same starting line, they naturally didn't want to fall behind others.
The highest number that a martial artist had thrown out before was a mere six. But this woman had thrown out the first time and actually obtained the maximum number of throws.
Who would have thought that the second throw would actually result in a six again!
Soon, six more discs appeared in front of the black-clothed woman. The sixth disc was actually still flickering with a yellow halo.
The black-clothed woman walked over. Just as she stepped on the disc, the voice sounded out once more.
"Throw again …"
Seeing this, many martial artists felt even more depressed. This woman's luck was so good that it defied the heavens. It seemed to be even better than Ning Yudie's.
"This woman couldn't be cheating, right?"
"This immortal tomb was set up by an immortal. Why don't you try cheating?"
"Perhaps these people from the Divine Kingdom have grasped some unknown secret. That's why they have this trick. Otherwise, how could they have such good luck?"
Hearing these discussions, the handsome man sneered. "My junior apprentice sister is my clan's Saintess. How could her luck be compared to ants like you?"
The handsome man's words caused many of the Central Domain's martial artists' faces to darken. These people from the Divine Kingdom were always acting high and mighty. It was really annoying.
Hearing this, Luo Zheng faintly smiled.
These Elders and Sect Masters of large sects might rarely be provoked and looked down upon like this, but Luo Zheng had been encountering such idiots for the past few years. At the beginning, Luo Zheng had been unable to restrain his anger when he had been provoked by Luo Peiran. But after encountering such idiots so many times, Luo Zheng had already become accustomed to such senseless provocations.
These past few years of experience had caused Luo Zheng's personality to mature day by day.
This kind of people would only beg for mercy when their faces were slapped hard. Until that moment, their words would always be sharp and domineering.
Therefore, Luo Zheng didn't have any reaction to the handsome man's words.
The beam of light in the middle began to slowly rotate again.
In addition to Ning Yudie and the Saintess from Divine Country, there were also some people who obtained good rewards. For example, a Void Spirit Sect disciple obtained a golden page. That page might be some kind of special Cultivation Method, or it might be some kind of treasure itself.
However, even more cultivators were punished.
Among them, Blood Wood Cliff, Black Mountain Sect, and Mysterious Yin Mansion each lost six people in the first round.
Now it seemed that although Luo Zheng was the second warrior to walk out, he had only taken two steps, which made him lagging behind.
Looking at the rotating light beam, Qinglong's voice sounded again, "Luo Zheng, I think I know what it is."
"What is it?" Luo Zheng asked curiously. Why would Immortal Tian Miao design such a gambling game?
"It looks like a game, but strictly speaking, it should be a wheel of fortune," Qinglong said indifferently.
"Wheel of fortune? What does that mean? "Luo Zheng asked curiously.
"Hehe, fortune may seem a bit mysterious in the eyes of you cultivators, but it really does exist," Qinglong said. "The Central Domain usually only looks at two aspects when recruiting cultivators. The first is talent, and the second is perseverance."
Luo Zheng nodded. If a cultivator wanted to grow, talent was indispensable, but perseverance was also important. Otherwise, if a cultivator only had talent but perseverance and only indulged in pleasure, no matter how talented he was, he wouldn't be able to go far on the path of martial arts.
Therefore, when a sect selected a disciple, the first thing they looked at was talent, and the second thing they looked at was perseverance.
Qinglong then said, "Strictly speaking, this isn't wrong. With just these two aspects, a sect will be able to nurture a Divine Reflection or Divine Core disciple. If they're lucky, they might even be able to nurture a Void Tribulation Elder. This method is indeed suitable for the Central Domain, but … in the True Dragon Realm, if we only look at these two aspects, we won't be able to find a true elite."
In the True Dragon Realm, there were trillions of living beings, and it was extremely easy for them to find a disciple with both talent and perseverance. However, nurturing them to the Divine Core realm, Void Tribulation realm, or even the Life and Death realm wasn't their final goal. They wanted to achieve a higher goal.
In order to achieve this goal, they had to look at the third aspect – fortune.
The scene in front of him reminded Qinglong of the True Dragon Clan's Wheel of Fortune. It was similar to this, but the cultivator who entered it wouldn't die, he would just be kicked out by the Wheel of Fortune.
Obviously, Immortal Tian Miao's goal in setting up this Wheel of Fortune was to find someone with great fortune.
The martial artists present weren't weak and their own destinies weren't bad either. For example, Little Jie's destiny was very strong, and the Divine Kingdom's Saintess' destiny was even more heaven-defying. Just by throwing the die once, she was able to advance two or three times in a row!
"Looks like my fortune isn't good enough." Luo Zheng shook his head and said with a smile.
"Wrong, it's the opposite." Qinglong said with a serious expression, "Good fortune isn't the only thing that can be called a smooth journey. Some people are fated to be unfortunate, and they have to go through all kinds of hardships to reach the top of the pyramid. This is also a type of great fortune. Look at yourself, you've just taken two steps forward, this should be a reflection of your past fortune!"
Two steps forward smoothly …
When Luo Zheng was young, his life was indeed smooth sailing. As the young master of the Luo Family, it could be said that he was doted on by everyone. Unfortunately, the good times didn't last long. Before he could explore the wider world, he was reduced to a servant.
"According to your speculation, I've taken two steps now. Won't I have to suffer later?" Luo Zheng asked.
"That's very possible." Qinglong speculated. Although Qinglong knew a lot, he came from the True Dragon Clan after all, so he knew a lot about humans. However, this Wheel of Fortune was set up by Immortal Tian Miao, so Qinglong couldn't be sure.
At this time, the light beam pointed at Luo Zheng again …
Seeing this, Luo Zheng punched out. The die rolled once, and a "one" appeared.
He frowned. Only one? It seemed too little. Luo Zheng had only rolled two pips before, and now it was another one. The number of pips he rolled twice was less than the number of pips he rolled once.
"Take your time, don't rush." Ning Yudie, who was standing in front of Luo Zheng, smiled slightly.
Luo Zheng nodded, but when he saw a purple disc forming in front of him, Luo Zheng's expression changed. Was this a punishment or a reward?
Everyone saw that Luo Zheng not only rolled a "one", but this "one" also seemed to contain killing intent. Many people couldn't help but gloat. Luo Zheng's cultivation was the weakest here, so he probably wouldn't be able to withstand any punishment.
Luo Zheng didn't say anything. Through Qinglong's words, he already understood that this abyss should be a comparison of everyone's luck.
Although Luo Zheng was indeed very miserable when he was in the Luo Family, ever since he came into contact with the mysterious furnace, his luck had changed. His luck was no worse than anyone else's! No matter what was in front of him, he must cross it!
Luo Zheng had just picked up the purple disc when a ball of purple light suddenly surrounded Luo Zheng.
The scenery around him suddenly changed, and he saw purple flames falling from the sky.
At the same time, a faint voice sounded in everyone's ears. "Quenching Star Raging Flames!"
Hearing this voice, Cui Xie raised his eyebrows slightly. He looked coldly at Luo Zheng, and a trace of a smile appeared at the corner of his mouth. This kid … after all, he was still unlucky.
Only those who had experienced this punishment would know how difficult it was. In fact, of all the people who had been punished, Cui Xie was the only one who had managed to survive. Besides him, all the other cultivators who had been punished had died.
Cui Xie didn't believe that Luo Zheng could survive.
"I planned to kill you with my own hands, but you dying here and turning into a pile of ashes is the best result for you, right?" Cui Xie said indifferently.

Chapter 527
The means of the immortals were far beyond the imagination of the warriors in the Central Domain.
Under all kinds of punishments, the elders in the False Tribulation Realm were like pieces of paper, unable to resist at all!
However, the rewards involved were also inconceivable! Directly bestowing 500 years of lifespan, such a great method, probably only the legendary immortals could do such a thing.
"I've never heard of the Quenching Star Raging Flame. I don't know what kind of flame it is …"
"Anyway, Luo Zheng is going to die. It's a pity. Our Blood Wood Cliff wanted to spend a lot of money to ask him to build a Sect-Protecting Formation!"
"Why is Luo Zheng so unlucky?" Xiao Jie pursed his lips. He didn't expect that Luo Zheng would be punished after taking only three steps.
Even Shi Kefan of the World Business Alliance frowned and said, "I've never heard of this boy's strong aura and exuberant luck. Why is his luck so bad here?"
That ancient giant looked at Luo Zheng, who was surrounded by purple light, and smiled faintly. "This boy's luck is really strong. A moment of luck doesn't mean anything. A lifetime of luck is the real great luck."
Shi Kefan didn't speak, but he thought in his heart, "A lifetime? He needs to survive this wave of punishment first. "
Looking at the purple flames in the sky, Luo Zheng narrowed his eyes slightly. His Spiritual Tool Body hadn't improved for a long time. Although Red Dragon helped him to refine his body, it took the path of refining body. It seemed similar and overlapped, but in fact, they were two completely different paths.
Using various kinds of Strange Flames to refine the body, the most difficult to find were those Strange Flames. Luo Zheng had encountered some Strange Flames before, but they had no effect on him. For example, in the Blue Cloud Sect, when he encountered the flame in Hei Ming's illusory formation, it only activated his body, but his body didn't absorb the flame.
Obviously, it was because some flames were "not good enough" to refine the body.
"These flames should be able to refine the body," Luo Zheng narrowed his eyes and thought faintly.
Although the Quenching Star Raging Flames looked as light as a feather and were drifting towards Luo Zheng like a bunch of flowers, Luo Zheng could feel the terrifying power of these flames before they even got close to him!
In the past, Luo Zheng's body would only undergo unique changes after being burned by the Deviant Flame. His body would gradually turn red, and a golden vortex would appear on the surface of his skin.
But this time, even though the Quenching Star Flame was still some distance away from Luo Zheng, the surface of Luo Zheng's skin had already been covered by the golden Sanskrit characters. At the same time, the Sanskrit characters turned into vortexes, bursting out a fierce suction force!
His body was throbbing. He was very eager for the Quenching Star Raging Flame!
"What's going on?"
The powerful suction force even sucked in the flames from afar, leaving not a single one behind!
Luo Zheng sat upright on the ground, allowing the Quenching Star Raging Flame to enter his body. Except for the golden light on the surface of his body, his entire body was red, as if he was a statue made of molten iron.
However, Luo Zheng did not feel much discomfort now. Instead, he felt lazy and very comfortable.
After a while, the Quenching Star Raging Flame finally stopped falling on top of Luo Zheng's head. The luster on his body slowly faded, and then the purple light that wrapped Luo Zheng gradually dissipated …
"Alas, he's probably turned into a pile of ashes."
"It's really tragic to die here. What a pity. The most talented runemaster in the history of the Central Domain died after leaving behind only one work."
"Generally speaking, martial artists with this kind of monstrous talent either have great luck or great misfortune, and are not tolerated by the heavens. I reckon this kid should belong to the latter …"
Ning Yudie looked at the dissipating purple light and clenched her fists tightly. Of course, she had investigated Luo Zheng's past and knew that Luo Zheng's body was very special. When he was in the Blue Cloud Sect, his body was comparable to a spiritual weapon. It was invulnerable and could withstand the flames.
However …
The power of those flames could not be compared with the Quenching Star Raging Flame. She was not sure if Luo Zheng could withstand it.
Ning Yudie opened her eyes wide and stared at the purple light. Suddenly, she turned her head and turned her face to the side, blushing.
It turned out that after the purple light dissipated, Luo Zheng was sitting on the round plate naked. His clothes were naturally burned by the Quenching Star Raging Flame.
At this moment, Luo Zheng's naked body was revealed. His body, which had just been tempered, was still exuding a faint afterglow. Looking at such an almost perfect body, everyone was stunned.
"This guy … what the hell did he do?"
"His body is completely fine. Those flames can't hurt Luo Zheng!"
"Well, even if Luo Zheng is a Life and Death Realm expert, he should have been injured while resisting the Quenching Star Raging Flame. At least, he shouldn't be like this. His clothes are burned, but his body is completely fine. Moreover, I feel that the aura coming from Luo Zheng's body has become stronger!"
Except for Ning Yudie, all the warriors were staring at Luo Zheng, including Madam Poisonous Blood and the Saintess from the Divine Nation.
The Saintess of the Divine Nation looked at Luo Zheng not far away, and for the first time, her face showed surprise.
Just as the handsome man had said, in her opinion, everyone here was like an ant. She was very clear that this round of assessment was about luck! But whose luck could be better than hers?
However, although that Divine Reflection kid's luck wasn't good, and he only took three steps after throwing the die twice, why was there something wrong with his strength?
Apart from the Saintess, the handsome man and the other Life and Death Realm experts from the Divine Nation were all stunned.
After entering the Sky Mist Immortal Tomb, the Divine Reflection Realm expert's strength should only be at the Xiantian Realm, right? How could he resist the Quenching Star Raging Flame?
Even a Life and Death Realm expert wouldn't be able to resist the Quenching Star Raging Flame easily. Therefore, it was very awkward for Luo Zheng to pass through the punishment of the Quenching Star Raging Flame unscathed.
Although all the warriors from the Central Domain were surprised as well, they weren't as surprised as the warriors from the Divine Nation.
Luo Zheng had already shown his ability to challenge opponents who were one realm higher than him. Therefore, everyone had acknowledged Luo Zheng's monstrous strength, and no longer treated Luo Zheng as an ordinary Divine Reflection Realm warrior.
But, even if Luo Zheng's strength was comparable to a Divine Core warrior, how could he survive the Quenching Star Raging Flame? Even a Void Tribulation Sect Elder couldn't survive it, so how could he?
"I can only say that this young man is always full of surprises." Shi Kefan shook his head and said with a smile.
Cui Xie had a calm look in his eyes. It didn't matter if Luo Zheng was dead or alive, in his eyes, he was already a dead man. No matter what, he had to kill Luo Zheng.
While Luo Zheng was still sitting on the ground, he threw a glance at his chest. When he did, he was surprised. "Three marks? What's going on? "
Qinglong's indifferent voice sounded out. "This is a blessing in disguise. In other people's eyes, this might be your bad luck, but for you, this is a great fortune! A great fortune isn't a smooth journey, it's when you're faced with adversity, but you're able to turn those adversity into your own opportunity, your own destiny! The Quenching Star Raging Flame is a flame that can be used to refine stars, and it's a great benefit to your body. Too bad … you were so close to breaking through to a Saint Item Body … "
"Three Immortal Marks? I'm now a Upper Grade Immortal Item Body! "Luo Zheng was overjoyed.
Due to the existence of the black fire, it was not difficult for Luo Zheng to get the Heaven Derivation Essence. In the Central Domain, as long as he had True Meta Stones, he could buy as many as he wanted. Therefore, Luo Zheng could light up more dragon scales and borrow more power.
However, due to the limitation of his physical strength, Luo Zheng did not dare to borrow too much power. After refining his body, Luo Zheng's body had mastered the Vital Spirit of the Body-Refining Technique, and his physical strength had greatly increased. However, he only dared to borrow the power of 500 dragon scales!
Just now, he had borrowed the Quenching Star Raging Flame to refine his physical body. He was satisfied as long as it could become a Lower Grade Immortal Item Body. He had not expected the Quenching Star Raging Flame to be so powerful that it could directly turn Luo Zheng's physical body into a Upper Grade Immortal Item Body.
No wonder his physical body was so eager for the Quenching Star Raging Flame. Luo Zheng could not figure it out at that time, but now he naturally understood …
Once he achieved a Upper Grade Immortal Item Body, he would become a Saint Item Body! As his physical strength increased step by step, he could borrow more and more dragon scales.
1,000? 2,000? 5,000?
What would happen if such a terrifying power burst out all of a sudden? Luo Zheng did not know if he could kill Cui Xie. He licked his lips and glanced at Cui Xie, who was not far away.

Chapter 528
Cui Xie's face was gloomy, and the killing intent in his heart intensified. Even the Quenching Star Raging Flames couldn't do anything to this kid. Luo Zheng's life was really tough!
If there was a chance in this immortal tomb, Cui Xie wouldn't hesitate to kill this kid. With Cui Xie's meticulous heart, he wouldn't wait for Luo Zheng to become strong before waiting for Luo Zheng to come knocking on his door!
If there wasn't a chance to kill Luo Zheng in the immortal tomb, Cui Xie would have to find a way to break the Cloud Hall's Sect Protecting Array. In short, Luo Zheng's life couldn't be left.
The beam of light continued to spin rapidly. After Luo Zheng, it turned to the short man, who was none other than the Poison King, Wu Zhanhe!
This time, Wu Zhanhe's die gave four points, but the fourth disc was red!
Seeing the red disc, many people secretly heaved a sigh of relief. This Wu Zhanhe had a deep grudge with the martial artists of the Central Domain. If he was left alive, it would be a big disaster. Unfortunately, he was a Life and Death Realm martial artist, and they didn't know if he could withstand the punishment.
When everyone saw the red disc, they all thought that it was Wu Zhanhe's punishment. However, when Wu Zhanhe stepped on the red disc, a voice suddenly sounded in everyone's ears, "Free challenge …"
"What? Free challenge? "
"In other words, Wu Zhanhe can challenge whoever he wants?"
"This is troublesome. There were many people in the Central Domain who offended him back then …"
Many martial artists' faces sank. They originally thought that Wu Zhanhe would be punished, but in the end, he obtained the right to challenge freely …
The face of the ancient tycoon of the World Business Alliance was still fine. He didn't seem to be afraid of Wu Zhanhe's challenge. As for the three fatties, their faces didn't look any better. If the three of them worked together, they could resist a Life and Death Realm martial artist. However, if they fought individually, they definitely wouldn't be Wu Zhanhe's opponent.
Wu Zhanhe also chuckled and said coldly, "Free challenge. Who do you want to challenge?" His gaze swept past them one by one, passing by Granny Yu, Ning Yudie, and the others. His gaze didn't linger on them for long, though it did linger on Cui Xie's face.
Cui Xie sneered and said, "You dare to challenge me?"
"I will take your life sooner or later, but not now." With that, Wu Zhanhe's gaze swept past the people of Divine Nation and looked at Blood Wood Cliff. Lady Poison Blood's expression changed drastically as if she was facing a great enemy.
Wu Zhanhe sneered, "Madam Poison Blood, what are you afraid of?"
"No, it's nothing …" Madam Poison Blood forced herself to remain calm.
"You are afraid that I will challenge you, right?" Wu Zhanhe continued.
"You're a Life and Death expert, while I'm only a False Tribulation expert. Naturally, I'm unwilling to face you," Madam Poison Blood said softly.
"No, that's not the only thing you're afraid of." Wu Zhanhe said.
Madam Poison Blood suddenly shook her head. "I, I don't understand what you're saying …"
"Back then, several large sects joined forces to hunt me down because of the 'Five Poison Scripture' in my hands. The world of martial artists is originally so cruel, I can understand this, but … whether it's the Void Spirit Sect, the Cloud Hall, or the World Business Alliance, they only targeted me and not my family. I don't know if Madam Poison Blood has heard of the saying, 'Don't implicate family members'? My Wu Family's two thousand people, from the oldest to the youngest, were all killed by your Blood Wood Cliff! "Wu Zhanhe said coldly," It's indeed time to settle this score. "
As soon as Wu Zhanhe's voice fell, Madam Poison Blood's face turned pale!
The crowd of martial artists also sighed.
Luo Zheng also agreed with Wu Zhanhe's words. Don't implicate family members. No matter how great the hatred between martial artists was, it was best not to implicate the other party's family members. Otherwise, it would be a situation where one party would fight to the death.
If it were Luo Zheng in this situation, he would not let it go either.
After Wu Zhanhe chose to challenge Madam Poison Blood, a circular platform appeared in the air above the abyss. Then, both Madam Poison Blood and Wu Zhanhe stepped onto the platform.
Her face, which was usually full of charm, was now as white as a sheet of paper!
"Madam Poison Blood, in the Cloud Dream Swamp, I have been waiting for this day for many years. In fact, we should have settled this long ago." As Wu Zhanhe spoke, colorful vital essence began to circulate from his body. He was known as the Poison King, and even his vital essence was extremely poisonous!
Madam Poison Blood's face suddenly flashed with a hint of ruthlessness. At this moment, she had no choice but to fight to the death with Wu Zhanhe!
"Go to hell! Blood Coagulation Technique! "
Madam Poison Blood actually took the initiative to launch an attack. Clouds of blood mist spread towards Wu Zhanhe like an ocean.
Facing Madam Poison Blood's rolling blood mist, Wu Zhanhe's face revealed a sneer. "Madam Poison Blood, after so many years, your cultivation has risen from the early stage of the False Tribulation Realm to the late stage of the False Tribulation Realm. Unfortunately, your strength has not increased by much!"
With that, Wu Zhanhe stretched out his hand and gently pushed. A five-colored smoke gushed out from his palm. The five-colored smoke was composed of five gorgeous colors and looked extremely beautiful. However, the more beautiful something was, the more poisonous it was!
How could Madam Poison Blood not know? She hurriedly urged the blood mist to roll and block the five-colored smoke.
"Sigh, too weak."
Everyone heard Wu Zhanhe sigh softly. His figure flashed and circled behind Madam Poison Blood. There seemed to be an ordinary leaf in his hand.
The leaf was not green. The entire leaf was transparent and the meridians on it were like the blood vessels of a human body. There was a trace of blood on the edge of the leaf.
There was also a trace of blood on the edge of Madam Poison Blood's neck.
Ning Yudie shook her head faintly. "Madam Poison Blood is dead."
Then, everyone saw Madam Poison Blood cover her neck with her hand. However, just as she covered her neck, large patches of black began to appear on her snow-white skin. Her hot body, which caused many men to have nosebleeds, emitted a bit of white smoke …
"Zi zi zi …"
All the martialists present had experienced endless massacres. However, most of them frowned when they saw Madam Poison Blood's miserable state.
In a short while, Madam Poison Blood's body was completely corroded, leaving only a pile of bones scattered on the ground.
Wu Zhanhe bent over, picked up one of Madam Poison Blood's spatial rings, and stuffed it into his pocket. A faint sneer appeared on his face. Then, he gently leaped back to his position.
In Madame Poison Blood's spatial ring, there was also Blood Wood Cliff's Bloodwood Token, as well as their sect master's token and other inheritances. But now, the numerous Elders of Blood Wood Cliff didn't dare to ask Poison King Wu Zhanhe for it.
With Wu Zhanhe as a precedent, everyone suddenly became vigilant.
Originally, everyone thought that this game to test one's luck was purely based on luck and would not consider others as opponents. Now, it seemed that as long as one stepped on the "Free Challenge", one could find trouble with anyone. Of course, the premise was that one's strength was strong enough.
After Wu Zhanhe, it was Ning Yudie's turn to throw the dice.
"Six points!"
Ning Yudie smiled slightly and took six steps forward. On the sixth disc, a yellow halo flickered.
"Throw again!"
"Six points!"
"Throw again!"
"Six points!"
"Again …"
Seeing this scene, everyone was speechless. They all stared with their eyes wide open, unable to speak!
Ning Yudie's luck was really heaven-defying!
This time, the number of steps Ning Yudie took, including the previous 12 o 'clock, was a total of 60 steps!
Standing on the transparent disc, Ning Yudie was only half a distance away from the center of the abyss. Everyone had just started. Even Luo Zheng was the most sullen. He was only three steps away from the platform.
However, Ning Yudie was already far ahead. Standing alone in the middle of the abyss, she naturally attracted everyone's attention!
"Ning Yudie's luck is really good!"
"Are you kidding? I heard that Ning Yudie was born in an ordinary family and did not have a strong background. With such an identity, she could become one of the strongest women in the Central Domain. Who could match her luck?"
"Oh my god, 60 steps. It seems that the end point of this game should be 100 steps. Ning Yudie will probably pass the assessment after a few more rounds, right?"
In the midst of everyone's discussion, the face of the Saintess from the Divine Kingdom was completely gloomy.
Women were originally more emotional creatures. They liked the feeling of being surrounded by everyone's gaze.
Previously, she was far ahead. She did not expect that there would also be an ant with heaven-defying luck in the Divine Kingdom! She was the Saintess of a large family. How could she be defeated by an ant!
A dangerous glint flashed in her eyes. At this moment, the beam of light turned to her body.
(Thank you for Chen Feng's 5000 reward. I don't have any drafts. If only I had some, ^ _ ^. But it seems that even if I don't have any drafts, tomorrow I should … go all out …)
＝＝＝＝＝

Chapter 529
Now, it was the Saintess' turn to throw the die.
The Saintess blinked and the die rolled in the air once more.
"Still six." The Saintess smiled faintly and stepped forward. At the same time, discs appeared in the air one after another. When the sixth disc appeared, it emitted a faint yellow light.
"One more time."
Divine Kingdom's Holy Maiden glanced at Ning Yudie with a faint smile on her face.
Ning Yudie stood on the disc and looked at the Saintess with her clear eyes. She didn't have much of an expression on her face.
Then, the die in the center of the abyss rolled again. This time, the number revealed was "five."
The Saintess' face darkened. Her luck was worse than that woman in the Central Domain?
Transparent discs continued to appear in front of her. The fifth disc emitted a brown light.
She didn't like this color. Moreover, it was very likely that there was a punishment hidden in the disc.
Although the Saintess hesitated, she still stepped on the disc.
"You can release a calamity on another person and reduce their luck for a short period of time." A faint voice sounded in everyone's ears.
"Oh? I can reduce someone's luck? " The Saintess narrowed her eyes. Without any hesitation, her gaze fell on Ning Yudie.
As people from the Divine Kingdom, they also knew that this was a test of luck. In fact, most people now understood that the first person to pass the test would obtain an unimaginably great opportunity!
No matter what Immortal Tian Miao's goal or scheme was, after his clothes were dirty, his hair was withered, his armpits were sweaty, his body was smelly, and he didn't like the Five Decays of Heaven and Man, he had no chance of resurrecting, no matter how powerful his methods were!
This was the law of life! Even if someone was stronger than an Immortal, they couldn't reverse it!
Therefore, Luo Zheng wasn't the only one who guessed that there was a problem with the immortal tomb. However, after analyzing it, many people still decided to explore the immortal tomb.
As for the Saintess' group, their thoughts were no different from everyone else's. Perhaps … they knew some secrets that others didn't know.
"Then I'll lower her destiny!" The Saintess coldly smiled and pointed at Ning Yudie.
Seeing this, Luo Zheng said angrily, "How dare you!"
The Divine Kingdom Saintess giggled. "Why wouldn't I dare? Do you think you can threaten me? "
"Pipa!"
At this moment, above Ning Yudie, there was a small black cloud floating. Within that small black cloud, there were constantly flashes of black lightning.
However, since it lowered her Luck, it shouldn't cause any harm to Ning Yudie. However, if Ning Yudie rolled the die in the next round, she might encounter trouble!
Ning Yudie pursed her lips helplessly. She looked at Luo Zheng as if asking for help. It was her bad luck to meet the Saintess of the Divine Nation.
"It's okay. Since this immortal set it up like this, he naturally has a way to deal with it," Luo Zheng comforted her.
However, he frowned and turned his head to stare at the Saintess of the Divine Nation. Ning Yudie didn't provoke this Saintess of the Divine Nation. The reason why the Saintess of the Divine Nation released her misfortune on Ning Yudie was that Ning Yudie's progress was too fast. Ning Yudie had surpassed her!
In the first round, she received 500 years of lifespan as a reward. In the second round, she directly advanced to 60 steps. Almost no one present could match this kind of destiny!
Luo Zheng thought for a moment and then asked, "Qinglong, is destiny so easy to be affected?"
"Haha." The Azure Dragon chuckled. "What's destined to happen will happen, and what's not destined to happen should not be forced. If this immortal could change his fate, then he probably would not have encountered the Five Decays of the Celestial Being and would have broken through to a higher realm, right?"
"Then why can it affect Ning Yudie's destiny?" Luo Zheng asked curiously.
"A person's destiny can't be changed by an immortal. In particular, Ning Yudie's destiny is so strong. How can it be so easy for her to be plagued by misfortune? However, in this Wheel of Destiny, there is a way to make Ning Yudie suffer, "Qinglong suddenly said.
"What is it?" Luo Zheng asked with a frown.
"In fact, it's very simple. If one's luck can affect the result of one's dice roll, as well as the number of steps one takes to get a bad luck or a reward … then after Ning Yudie is given bad luck, each of her next six steps will be a punishment. In this way, no matter how heaven-defying Ning Yudie's luck is, no matter how many points she rolls, she will still step on the 'punishment' because each step is a punishment!"
Qinglong analyzed calmly and then continued, "In fact, this doesn't affect Ning Yudie's destiny. The immortal doesn't have the means to change other people's destiny. However, he does change the rules of the game to make Ning Yudie look very 'unlucky.' When Ning Yudie's destiny is still strong, she will even find the one with the lowest 'punishment' among the six steps she rolls …"
"Ning Yudie's destiny is so strong?" Luo Zheng was speechless.
"Yes, her destiny is slightly weaker than yours," Qinglong replied.
"Is my destiny very strong?" Luo Zheng's face flashed with depression. If his destiny was really strong, he wouldn't have only taken three steps!
Qinglong smiled but didn't answer Luo Zheng's question.
Luo Zheng was destined to fight for the Great Era. If his destiny wasn't strong, who else would have a strong destiny?
Then, a new round of dice rolling began.
At this time, it was as if the microcosm of outstanding destiny was being played out.
Some people's destiny was strong, but in the end, they took a wrong step and entered a dead end, receiving punishment.
Some people's destiny was bumpy, but after experiencing endless hardships, they finally endured until the clouds dispersed and the mist dispersed, receiving rich rewards.
However, the destiny of the vast majority of people was neither hot nor hot. Their luck was neither good nor bad, and they belonged to the category of mediocre destiny …
As for Cui Xie and Wu Zhanhe, these two top powerhouses of the Central Region, their luck was sometimes like a rainbow, but sometimes they encountered considerable setbacks. Fortunately, these two people's strength was incomparably powerful, and they were able to withstand wave after wave of setbacks!
After Luo Zheng threw the dice for the third time, he finally got a five, and a brown disc appeared in front of Luo Zheng.
Seeing the brown disc, Luo Zheng's heart skipped a beat, and he quickly walked over. Then, a voice sounded in everyone's ears again. "You can release disaster on others once, reducing their destiny for a short time."
"My luck is good," Luo Zheng said with a faint smile.
At this time, Cui Xie's forehead suddenly wrinkled. Seeing Luo Zheng looking at him, Cui Xie was slightly nervous.
"Your destiny is very tough. Even if I give you bad luck, I think you can still break through," Luo Zheng said coldly.
Cui Xie sneered and said, "It's good that you know."
Luo Zheng's gaze quickly fell on the Holy Maiden of the Divine Kingdom. Seeing Luo Zheng looking at her with ill intentions, her chest heaved up and down. Naturally, she was very nervous. She said in a crisp voice, "If you dare to give me bad luck, I will flatten your Tian Bei Region in the future!"
Luo Zheng rolled his eyes. "If you could flatten the Tian Bei Region, you would have done it long ago. Who are you trying to fool with such a boring threat?"
"Brat, don't put bad luck on my junior sister. I've definitely given you an even greater opportunity. I can even guarantee that the opportunity I gave you is even greater than the one you obtained in this immortal tomb!" The handsome man who was with the Holy Maiden of the Divine Kingdom tempted.
"Is there something wrong with your head, or do you think I'm stupid?" Luo Zheng pointed to his head and said with a smile, "If you were willing to give me such a great opportunity, why are you still here fighting for the opportunity in the immortal tomb?"
The handsome man's face sank. "Friend, don't refuse a toast only to be forced to drink a forfeit. Do you know who we are?"
The Life and Death experts of the Divine Kingdom also stared at Luo Zheng with cold eyes.
"This is the Holy Maiden of the Divine Kingdom? Then you're not a prince of the Divine Kingdom, are you? Haha, but what does this have to do with me? Bad luck, give her bad luck! "Luo Zheng pointed at the Holy Maiden of the Divine Kingdom!
"Crackle!"
Above the Holy Maiden of the Divine Kingdom, a black cloud appeared. Inside the cloud, black lightning constantly flashed.
This was called giving her a taste of her own medicine. Since the Holy Maiden of the Divine Kingdom dared to give Ning Yudie a calamity, Luo Zheng certainly wouldn't let this woman go!
Looking at the black cloud flashing with black lightning above her head, the Holy Maiden of the Divine Kingdom screamed with a fierce expression, "Five elders! Kill him! "
The five Life and Death experts behind her took out their weapons at the same time. The Holy Maiden of the Divine Kingdom was no laughing matter.
However, Elder Gong, who was closest to the Holy Maiden, said helplessly, "Holy Maiden, this is an immortal's enchantment. We can't break it. I'm afraid it's unrealistic to kill him now!"
"I don't care!" She was the Holy Maiden of a large clan. When had anyone dared to be disrespectful to her?
She had always been proud of her success. No one had ever seen her lose her footing! Therefore, she couldn't control her emotions.

Chapter 530
Killing Luo Zheng wouldn't help, unless they could find a way to get rid of the misfortune.
However, how could he not pay the price for provoking the people of the Divine Nation?
Therefore, in the eyes of the people of the Divine Nation, as long as any of them drew the "free challenge", Luo Zheng would definitely die!
Among this group of Divine Nation people, the weakest were the handsome man and the Saintess. However, both of them were False Tribulation realm martial artists. As for the black-robed men behind them, they were all old monsters in the Life and Death realm!
"Anyway, I want him to die!" the Saintess said coldly.
Luo Zheng pretended not to hear half of their threats. He sat quietly on the round plate, waiting for the light to shine on him again.
The next few times he threw the dice, the results were all terrible.
One of the Void Spirit Seven Sons of the Void Spirit Sect threw out four lightning bolts and stepped on the Heavenly Thunder Killing Formation. The middle stage Void Tribulation Realm expert was struck to death by the bolts of heavenly thunder.
Then, an Elder of the World Business Alliance threw three dice and was also severely punished. Although the Elder survived this round of punishment, he was seriously injured and his Qi was very weak.
Then, it was Granny Yu. She threw the dice for the second time and was also punished. However, with Granny Yu's powerful strength, she finally survived this punishment …
The punishments that appeared one after another made everyone's hearts hang in suspense.
At this moment, the light shone on Ning Yudie again!
Ning Yudie was originally afflicted with misfortune. Although her luck was heaven-defying before, the result this time was probably not optimistic.
After Ning Yudie lightly hit the dice, it rolled out a "three".
Three round plates appeared in front of Ning Yudie. The third round plate seemed to be surrounded by a layer of faint icy mist.
Ning Yudie moved lightly and stepped on the third round plate.
"Extreme Ice Realm."
Hearing these words, Luo Zheng felt relieved. Sure enough, as Qinglong said, no matter how many dice Ning Yudie threw, she would be "punished". In these six steps, there were six different punishments waiting for Ning Yudie. However, Ning Yudie's luck could help her identify the easiest punishment to pass!
Luo Zheng didn't know the difficulty of the Extreme Ice Realm. For other warriors, it was probably a very difficult punishment to pass. However, for Ning Yudie, it wasn't difficult. After all, Ning Yudie was a warrior who specialized in ice cultivation methods.
Ning Yudie's figure was wrapped in layers of dazzling icy light. Then, Luo Zheng heard the sound of ice crystals shattering... After a while, Ning Yudie walked out of the Extreme Ice Realm safely, with a faint smile on her face!
"How do you feel?" Luo Zheng asked with a smile.
"Not bad. In the Extreme Ice Realm, I also comprehended a trace of the third level of the Law of Ice," Ning Yudie said with a faint smile.
"The third level …" Luo Zheng couldn't help but sigh. Ning Yudie was indeed a super monstrous existence. She had actually comprehended the third level of the Law of Ice.
Seeing Ning Yudie walk out of the Extreme Ice Realm unscathed, a look of disappointment flashed across the face of Divine Kingdom's Holy Maiden. She naturally hoped that Ning Yudie would die in the punishment.
Just as the Saintess was hatefully thinking, the beam of light actually pointed at her again.
"Oh no." The Saintess also knew that she was in trouble.
Her bad luck hadn't been removed. This time, she was afraid that she would also face punishment for throwing the dice. She just didn't know if she had the strength and luck to survive this punishment!
The Saintess hesitated for a long time. When the beam of light began to slowly turn red, she blinked her eyes. With a "peng" sound, the die jumped up. When the die returned to its original position, it gave a "4".
The Saintess' expression darkened.
Martial artists didn't believe in fate, but they believed in luck. In this situation, the Saintess couldn't help but think in an inauspicious direction.
Four discs appeared under the Saintess' feet. The fourth disc flickered with circles of black light.
"Although I don't know what the connection between the color and the punishment is, I'm sure this punishment will be very heavy!"
"This Saintess is really unlucky. After the bad luck is applied, she'll probably die!"
"Although she's only at the early stage of the False Tribulation Realm, she has so many Life and Death Realm experts as guards. She might have a backup plan!"
This group of martial artists from the Divine Kingdom had been very arrogant. Many martial artists from the Central Domain were naturally happy to watch the show. If the Saintess really died here, it would be fun.
The handsome man gritted his teeth and said, "Junior Sister, if you can't hold on, use that protective treasure!"
"I know." The Saintess nodded. Then, she took two steps forward and stepped onto the black disc.
"Dark Desperation!"
A thick black light enveloped the Saintess of the Divine Kingdom!
Hearing this name, everyone's heart skipped a beat.
Even Cui Xie, Wu Zhanhe, and other Life and Death Realm experts weren't sure if they could break through this Dark Desperation. The Saintess was only at the early stage of the False Tribulation Realm. In addition, her cultivation was suppressed. She was probably dead …
Streaks of black light continued to circle the interior, as if they were constantly attacking the Holy Maiden of the Divine Kingdom.
"That Saintess probably won't be able to hold on for more than three breaths!"
"This black light is somewhat similar to the legendary Death Ray. I wonder if it's the Death Ray!"
"No matter what it is, she definitely won't be able to block it …"
While everyone was discussing, the power of the black light gradually weakened and calmed down …
"Is she dead?" Someone whispered.
At this moment, a white light suddenly burst out from the black light!
Then, everyone heard a bold laughter coming from the black light!
"Haha!"
This laughter wasn't threatening, but the power contained in it couldn't be ignored …
Who on earth had burst out laughing?
Then, countless white lights pierced through the black light enveloping the Saintess. In the blink of an eye, all the black light disappeared, leaving only the Saintess standing on the disc. Above the Saintess, there was a faint figure, but that figure was slowly dissipating …
Everyone finally understood what was going on. The Saintess of the Divine Kingdom couldn't withstand the punishment, so she summoned this figure to help her. However, they didn't know who this figure was, to be able to break the immortal's technique.
"Junior Sister, are you okay?" The handsome man asked with concern.
The Saintess' face was pale, but she nodded. "I'm fine, but I used the inherited protective treasure …"
The handsome man gloomily stared at Luo Zheng, then said, "It's all this kid's fault. I'll make him pay with his blood!"
At this moment, the die showed a "5". The person who threw the die was Yan Yueshan from the World Business Alliance.
The three fatties from the World Business Alliance were quite lucky. Shi Kefan took 30 steps, Yan Yueshan took 33 steps, and Mo Haishan took 29 steps.
Five discs appeared in front of Smoky Yue Mountain, but the fifth disc was white.
"White? What the hell is this? "Yan Yueshan was an impatient person to begin with. Without saying a word, he stepped on it with his fat body.
"You've obtained a chance to dispel the negative effects on anyone."
The eyes of the people in the Cloud Hall and the Saintess lit up the moment they heard this voice!
This damned curse of misfortune could indeed take a person's life! If the so-called "Dark Impasse" came again, the Saintess of the Saintess would definitely die!
Ning Yudie was facing the same situation. She was lucky this time and could successfully pass the Extreme Frost Realm, but what about the next time? What about the time after that?
Both sides urgently needed to dispel the misfortune!
"Fatty, hurry up and dispel the misfortune for my Junior Sister!" The handsome man suddenly shouted at Yan Yueshan. It wasn't clear if his brain was fried or if he was just that stupid.
Then, the group of people in the abyss looked at him as if he was an idiot. Even the five Life and Death Realm elders behind the handsome man looked at him the same way.

Chapter 531
If Shi Kefan had heard this, he would probably have quickly considered whether it was necessary to offend this group of people from the God Nation and come up with a tactful solution. After all, strictly speaking, the World Business Alliance was the largest force in the Central Domain. If they offended this group of people from the God Nation, they would probably be in trouble.
If it had been Mo Haishan, he probably would not have said anything, but he certainly would not have helped them dispel the misfortune.
Unfortunately, it was Yan Yueshan, who had the most explosive temper.
From the beginning, Yan Yueshan had disliked this group of people from the four God Nations. However, this group of people had not targeted Yan Yueshan, so no one was willing to provoke this group of strong enemies for no reason.
In the end, that handsome man had come to ask him for a favor and even spoke in an arrogant tone. Fatty? Yan Yueshan's nickname could only be called by his wife. No one else dared to call him that!
"You! I am from the God Nation … "After saying this, the handsome man was about to reveal his identity.
Yan Yueshan said bluntly, "It's useless even if you are the Crown Prince of the God Nation!"
Luo Zheng had just mocked him for being a Crown Prince of the God Nation. Now that Yan Yueshan had risen a level, it was useless even if the Crown Prince of the God Nation came, so he stopped talking.
At this moment, the handsome man was furious. In fact, he really was a prince of the four Divine Kingdoms!
At this moment, the "Elder Gong" in the divine kingdom suddenly said, "Friend, can you expel the misfortune of our saintess? The God Nation will definitely thank you heavily … "
Yan Yueshan had a short temper, but he was not stupid. Since he had obtained a chance to dispel the misfortune and there were two people in front of him who happened to be possessed by misfortune, he had to compare them first.
"Oh? How will the God Nation thank us? "Yan Yueshan asked.
Elder Gong was busy making a promise, so how could he think clearly in such a short period of time? Before he could speak, a faint voice floated out from the other side. "When I have time, I will help you set up a Great Sect Protection Array!"
That voice belonged to Luo Zheng.
Upon hearing this, Yan Yueshan's eyes lit up. Cloud Hall's sect-protecting array was really powerful. It was said that it had almost trapped Cui Xie inside. The World Business Alliance's lack of interest was definitely fake.
If not for the trip to the Sky Mist Immortal Tomb, most sects would have been prepared to pay a visit to Cloud Hall. No matter the price, they would have asked Luo Zheng to set up a sect-protecting array for them!
Not only these fourth-grade sects, even with some third-grade sects of the God Nation, Luo Zheng.
Although the strength of these Third Grade Sects was far inferior to the Fourth Grade Sects, some of the Third Grade Sects would always have some secret treasures that no one knew about. There was always a chance that Luo Zheng and Yun Dian would be tempted! As long as the price was high enough, Luo Zheng would definitely be tempted.
"Alright, deal." Yan Yueshan laughed heartily. Shi Kefan and Mo Haishan both smiled. They believed in Luo Zheng's character. As long as he agreed, even if Luo Zheng said "when he has the time," they didn't know when that time would come, they believed that Luo Zheng would definitely do it.
"Wait!" Elder Gong said with a gloomy face. "The God Nation can also provide you with a sect-protecting array!"
"Oh?" Yan Yueshan smiled faintly and suddenly said, "I have heard of your God Nation's rune arts, but compared to Luo Zheng, they are still far inferior. Therefore, I refuse!" As soon as he finished speaking, Yan Yueshan pointed at Ning Yudie.
A white light instantly rushed toward Ning Yudie. Under the constant scouring of the light, the black clouds above Ning Yudie's head finally dissipated. Her bad luck was dispelled.
"Thank you, Alliance Leader Yan." Ning Yudie smiled mischievously.
"Just thank your kid!" Yan Yueshan chuckled at Ning Yudie.
The group of people from the God Nation finally had ugly looks on their faces.
The most important person in their group was the Holy Lady of the God Nation. However, Luo Zheng had cast bad luck on her. If they were unlucky again and the Holy Lady of the God Nation died, it would be difficult for them to explain themselves. Even the Prince of the God Nation would not be able to withstand the wrath of the higher-ups!
However, these people from the Central Domain clearly did not care about the God Nation …
"If you want to blame someone, blame these two for being too young." Elder Gong sighed. The Prince and the Holy Lady had grown up in the God Nation. How could they tolerate people from a small place like the Tianbei Region?
However, now that they had provoked them, they did not have the slightest scruple or mercy. The Holy Lady had just released bad luck and was immediately counterattacked. What was worse was that they had more people! Other than the people from the God Nation, the others were all from the Central Domain. Although the Central Domain had deep conflicts with each other, there was a good saying: behind closed doors, they were all family.
Therefore, the situation was actually very unfavorable for the people from the God Nation. However, this Prince was sometimes a little crazy. Elder Gong thought bitterly. Of course, he did not dare to say this out loud.
Following that, the beam of light continued to rotate. Although the beam of light shone on the group of people from the Divine Nation several times, their luck was pretty good. Except for one punishment, the other few times were rewards. Moreover, those punishments did not cause the warriors to die.
However, in the end, no one received the "dispelling" skill. If it was not dispelled, as long as it turned to the Holy Lady of the God Nation again, she would probably die! Therefore, every time the light beam swept past her, it made people tremble in fear.
Not long later, the light beam pointed to Poison King Wu Zhanhe. Following that, three discs appeared in front of Wu Zhanhe. The third disc was white!
"Dispel?" The God Nation Prince's face flashed with a glimmer of hope.
Elder Gong and the other Life and Death Realm Elders also stared at Wu Zhanhe.
Wu Zhanhe chuckled and stepped on the third disc. Instantly, a voice rang out in everyone's ears, "You have received a chance to dispel …"
The God Nation Prince was about to speak when Elder Gong cursed in his heart. He directly used an even louder voice to drown out the God Nation Prince's words. If this God Nation Prince spoke, it would probably spoil things again. "This friend, right now, no one has any negative effects on them. Only our Holy Lady is plagued by bad luck. May I ask if you can help dispel the bad luck on her?"
Wu Zhanhe chuckled again, "Sure, but what are the benefits?"
"To the best of our God Nation's ability, this friend can ask for it yourself. We will try our best to satisfy your request!" Elder Gong cupped his hands and said.
"Alright! Why don't you send your men here and wipe out all these sects, then help me build a Divine Kingdom? "Wu Zhanhe clapped his hands and said with a smile.
Hearing this, Elder Gong's eyes twitched. Although he was prepared for this Poison King to ask for an exorbitant price, he never expected this' Poison King 'to be so greedy. Build a Divine Kingdom? Did this guy think building a Divine Kingdom was as easy as building a kingdom for ordinary mortals?
All the Sect Chiefs from the Central Domain stared at Wu Zhanhe coldly. It seemed like this guy's thoughts were even bigger than Cui Xie's! But, wiping out all the sects in the Central Domain and building a Divine Kingdom? How could it be so simple?
It wasn't difficult for a warrior to build a kingdom. Just like Shi Jingtian from the Blue Cloud Sect, he was a Late Divine Core warrior. If he wanted to overthrow the Burning Heavens Empire, it wouldn't be difficult for him. However, Shi Jingtian belonged to the Cloud Hall, so he wouldn't do such a thing.
But, building a Divine Kingdom … wasn't an easy task.
First of all, a Divine Kingdom would need to have a powerful overall strength. Only by having a powerful overall strength would one be able to control all the warriors under the heavens and make them submit to one's rule!
Even the four Divine Kingdoms were built bit by bit over several tens of thousands of years!
"Friend, building a Divine Kingdom isn't something that can be done in a short period of time. Therefore, your request is a bit too much …"
But, before Elder Gong could finish his words, Wu Zhanhe sneered and said, "If that's the case, I'll just use this' Dispel 'on anyone!" After saying that, Wu Zhanhe stretched his hand out.
"Hold on!" Elder Gong furrowed his brows and said, "Friend, I'm just telling the truth, I don't want to lie to you. I can't help you build a Divine Kingdom, but I can give you the inner book of the cultivation skill you're cultivating!"
"What? Inner book? "Wu Zhanhe was shocked.
Old Gong faintly smiled and said, "The 'Five Poison Scripture' is admittedly a very precious cultivation method, but our Divine Kingdom not only has the external version that you have practiced, but also an internal version. This internal version is far more exquisite than the external version. Moreover, there are many cultivation records in the external version that are not reasonable, but you can find the answers in the internal version!"
Wu Zhanhe stared at Elder Gong for some time, then he said, "If you swear with your heart of martial dao, I'll immediately dispel the bad luck on your Divine Kingdom's Holy Maiden!"
＝＝＝＝＝

Chapter 532
In the past, Wu Zhanhe had been chased by many martial artists. As he fled, he hid in the Dreamy Cloud Swamp to cultivate. He had obtained many great opportunities in the Dreamy Cloud Swamp and even had two vicious beasts comparable to False Tribulation Realm following him. Wu Zhanhe had no trust in other martial artists. In comparison, he even felt that beasts were more trustworthy than humans.
Old Gong hesitated for a moment. In fact, as a Divine Kingdom martial artist, Old Gong was no different from the Saintess and the Prince. With their vision, they definitely didn't think much of the martial artists in the Central Domain. However, Old Gong wasn't as stupid as the Divine Kingdom Prince. If he didn't compromise in this situation, he would clearly suffer a loss.
"Fine, I swear on my martial heart!" Old Gong clenched his teeth and said.
After this deal was made, Wu Zhanhe chuckled and pointed his finger at the Saintess. A white light shot towards the Saintess.
That light followed the Saintess' clothes and climbed up until it finally reached the top of her head. The dark clouds flashing with black lightning were instantly purified.
Only then did the Saintess let out a sigh of relief. At the same time, her gaze was still like a leopard's as she stared at Luo Zheng.
Facing the Saintess' gaze, Luo Zheng pretended not to see it. He sat on the round plate and continued to watch the next person throw the die.
At this time, a white-haired Elder from the Mysterious Yin Mansion threw out a three. When the black round plate appeared, everyone felt a moment of silence in their hearts. Although the white-haired Elder was a False Tribulation Realm martial artist, he couldn't bear this punishment …
The white-haired Elder also had a hesitant expression. But in the end, he clenched his teeth and stepped on the black round plate. However, this black round plate seemed a little different. There was a thin white line on it.
Just as the white-haired Elder stepped on it, a voice rang in everyone's ears. "You can kill anyone here."
Hearing this, everyone's expression changed!
Everyone had already experienced the strength of an Immortal's methods. If they killed someone according to the rules, no one would be able to resist the Immortal's methods!
The white-haired Elder let out a long sigh and revealed an excited expression. "Hahaha, I didn't expect that I would have to kill someone! Who should I kill? "
Cui Xie, Wu Zhanhe, and the other Life and Death experts were the most nervous.
Breaking through the Life and Death realm meant that one's life and death was under one's control to a certain extent. Now that one of them had his life and death in the hands of the white-haired elder, one could imagine how nervous they were.
Luo Zheng and Ning Yudie weren't that nervous. They didn't have any enmity with the white-haired Elder, so he shouldn't be looking for them for no reason.
However, what Luo Zheng was curious about was why the Mysterious Yin Old Man's face was also deathly pale. Why would the Old Man of Xuan Yin be afraid when his own sect's elder drew the "Obliteration"?
Could it be …
While Luo Zheng was guessing, the white-haired Elder suddenly turned around and sneered, "I want to kill the Old Man Xuan Yin!"
"Zheng Qing, you!" The Xuan Yin Old Man's expression suddenly changed, and a blue protective layer of Zhen Yuan suddenly revolved around his body, tightly protecting him within.
But at that moment, a gray beam of light shot out from the die and instantly entered Old Man Xuan Yin's body. The gray beam of light seemed to be irresistible. Following that, everyone saw Old Man Xuan Yin's eyes widen. His originally skinny body turned round and his belly bulged …
Then, an even more frightening scene appeared. The Old Man Xuan Yin's head disappeared, followed by his torso and limbs. It was as if an invisible hand was slowly erasing the Old Man Xuan Yin's body!
In a short while, this 900-year-old old man, who was only a few decades away from becoming an eternal giant, was erased bit by bit.
Seeing this scene, Zheng Qing burst into tears. "I finally killed this old monster, hahaha!"
"Elder Zheng, I didn't expect you to really do it!" The other Elders of the Mysterious Yin Mansion were also happy and congratulated Zheng Qing.
The people of the other Sects could only shake their heads. What kind of evil deeds had the Old Man Xuan Yin done in the Mysterious Yin Mansion to make the Elders hate him so much?
The Mysterious Yin Mansion was the most mysterious Sect among the fourth grade Sects. As for why the Elders hated the Old Man Xuan Yin so much, it was unknown. The hatred within the Sect naturally had nothing to do with outsiders.
However, facing the possibility of being "killed", all the Life and Death Realm experts felt a sense of crisis. That "killing" was not something they could resist.
After a while, the light turned and pointed at Luo Zheng.
Luo Zheng faintly smiled and casually waved his hand. A fist shadow hit the die. The die rolled twice and became a "six".
"Seems like my luck is good," Luo Zheng faintly smiled.
After the six discs appeared, the last one flickered with a yellow light!
"One more time!"
"Six!"
"One more time!"
"Six!"
…
Seeing Luo Zheng continue to advance, everyone was speechless. Cui Xie's face turned gloomy. How could this kid's luck be so strong?
Just like what Qinglong said, this luck seemed to indicate the path Luo Zheng had walked in his life.
Back then, he was imprisoned in front of the Luo Clan. But once he left the Luo Clan, he soared to the sky. From a small outer disciple, he quickly rose to the top of the Xiao Yufeng Sect and the Blue Cloud Sect. Now, among the disciples of the Cloud Hall, it was even harder for them to catch up to Luo Zheng!
This was an imposing momentum, this was the fate of the Battle of the Great Era!
As Luo Zheng threw the die several times, he caught up with Ning Yudie. Moreover, he was several steps ahead of Ning Yudie. At this moment, Luo Zheng's last disc flickered with a green light. Inside the green light, there were two eye shapes.
The green color shouldn't be a punishment. Previously, Ning Yudie guessed the green color correctly and received a grand prize of 500 years of lifespan …
Luo Zheng smiled and stepped on the green disc.
"Clear Eyes Spirit Eyes …"
After the voice sounded, the shadow of a big tree suddenly appeared above Luo Zheng!
Above the big tree, there were drops of emerald green sap constantly dripping down. After the sap rolled down, it unexpectedly swept towards Luo Zheng's eyes.
The warriors of the Central Domain were confused.
"That sap is used to wash his eyes? What is that? "
"Who knows. Could it be that his eyes are damaged?"
"It's probably not as good as the 500 years of lifespan that Ning Yudie received …"
The warriors of the Central Domain were confused, but that didn't mean that the people of the Divine Nation couldn't understand.
When Elder Gong saw the shadow of the tree, he said with a face full of shock, "This is the legendary Divine Tree of the Divine Wood Divine Nation! Oh my god! How can you use the sap of this Divine Tree to wash your eyes! Too wasteful, too wasteful! "
The Divine Nation Saintess and the Divine Nation Prince also looked at this scene in a daze. The Divine Nation Prince turned his head and asked, "Elder Gong, are you sure this is the Divine Tree?"
Elder Gong nodded and said, "Yes! This Divine Tree appears once every 500 years. Every time it appears, it only drips a drop of sap from its branches. The Divine Wood Divine Nation has been accumulating it for tens of thousands of years. In the past ten thousand years, it has been constantly consumed. The entire Divine Nation only has a dozen drops! "
Hearing Elder Gong's words, the warriors of the Central Domain were speechless.
That Divine Wood Divine Nation only had a dozen drops of sap from this Divine Tree? But Luo Zheng had just washed his eyes and used a dozen drops of sap from the Divine Tree, right?
The emerald green sap kept flowing in Luo Zheng's eyes, making Luo Zheng's eyes feel cold and comfortable.
Luo Zheng could feel some special energy seeping into his eyes as the sap rotated bit by bit. The rest of the sap drilled out of his eyes and dripped into the abyss.
Seeing this scene, the corners of Elder Gong's mouth twitched. This kid was really wasteful …
The Divine Wood Divine Nation collected the sap and used it to make pills or directly swallow it. How could they be willing to waste even a little bit? But after he washed his eyes, he actually let the sap flow and drip …
If it weren't for the fact that he and Luo Zheng were enemies, he really wanted to shout at Luo Zheng for wasting God's gift recklessly.
After all the sap flowed out, Luo Zheng slowly opened his eyes. At this moment, there was a faint green light in his eyes.

Chapter 533
Luo Zheng didn't know what use this Clear Eyes Spirit Eyes had, but from beginning to end, his eyes were very comfortable.
When he opened his eyes, he didn't find anything strange.
"This reward is used to wash my eyes?" Luo Zheng revealed a strange expression.
"Hehe, this reward is not bad. It can let you see through most illusions and make your eyes light up. It's very useful! At least, it's much better than the 500 years of lifespan reward, "Qinglong said lightly.
Better than 500 years of lifespan? Luo Zheng was stunned.
500 years of lifespan was indeed a good reward for False Tribulation Realm and Life and Death Realm martial artists.
However, in the eyes of more powerful martial artists and Qinglong, 500 years was too short. It was almost like a snap of a finger. Naturally, it wasn't as useful as the Clear Eyes Spirit Eyes.
Luo Zheng blinked his eyes. The green in his pupils gradually disappeared and hid in the depths of his pupils.
Through Luo Zheng's dice roll just now, he was already ahead of everyone present and was temporarily in first place, 66 moves.
Ning Yudie, on the other hand, was currently ranked second with 63 steps because of the misfortune that had been released once.
As for the third place, it was the Saintess. Her misfortune had also been dispelled by Wu Zhanhe. She should be able to move forward a lot in the next round.
When the Divine Kingdom Prince saw Luo Zheng in the lead, the killing intent on his face became more and more intense. The pair of eyes on his handsome face were like an eagle's, staring straight at Luo Zheng.
At this moment, the yellow light beam shone on him again.
The Divine Kingdom Prince snorted and also punched the die, causing it to flip and roll out a "1".
Seeing that the die only showed a "1", the Divine Kingdom Prince became even angrier. However, when the disc appeared, the Divine Kingdom Prince's eyebrows suddenly throbbed violently!
"Red!"
The Divine Kingdom Prince hurriedly stepped on the disc.
Wu Zhanhe had previously stood on the red disc to obtain the free challenge. This was what the Divine Kingdom Prince was waiting for. He didn't expect it to really appear!
"Free challenge …"
"Hahahaha!" The Divine Prince stared at Luo Zheng and laughed wildly. He was very proud of himself.
The Saintess said indifferently, "Alright, don't laugh. Just kill him."
"Yes, my Junior Sister," the Divine Kingdom Prince sneered and pointed at Luo Zheng, "I want to challenge this … ant."
Seeing this scene, Lil 'Jie pouted again. In fact, Lil' Jie also wanted the opportunity to challenge freely. During the Martial Arts Conference, Lil 'Jie lost the opportunity to challenge Luo Zheng. In the end, Lil' Jie won the final battle and obtained the Rising Dragon Platform. However, Lil 'Jie felt that it wasn't much of a reward …
What was the use of the Rising Dragon Platform if one could not ascend to the Upper Realm? He might as well exchange the Rising Dragon Arena for a chance to challenge Luo Zheng.
In the Wheel of Destiny, Little Jie's luck was pretty good. He had a smooth journey and didn't encounter any rewards or punishments. Furthermore, he had thrown six points every time. He had already taken almost thirty steps.
"I also want to challenge freely …" Lil 'Jie said gloomily.
However, what Lil 'Jie didn't know was that even though he had a special physique and a Divine rank talent, he was still no match for Luo Zheng in this immortal tomb.
When Lil 'Jie participated in the Martial Arts Conference, he was only at the Extreme Divine Reflection realm. But, in just a few months, Lil' Jie had become an Early Divine Core warrior. However, in the Skymist Immortal Tomb, Lil 'Jie's cultivation had been suppressed by an entire realm.
But Luo Zheng was different. Because of the immortal mansion medallion he had, his cultivation wasn't suppressed at all. Furthermore, with Luo Zheng's Seventh Divine Reflection realm cultivation base, he could challenge any Late Divine Core warrior. With his cultivation base being suppressed, Lil 'Jie would be considered strong if he could withstand a single attack from Luo Zheng in the Skymist Immortal Tomb.
When he heard the Divine Kingdom Prince's challenge, a green light flickered in Luo Zheng's eyes. Aside from a confident look, he didn't show any other expression.
As for the other warriors, they weren't as optimistic about Luo Zheng.
"A Void Tribulation warrior wants to kill a Divine Reflection realm warrior? It's as easy as killing an ant."
"Not necessarily, Luo Zheng was able to fight a Divine Core warrior when he was just at the Fourth Divine Reflection realm, but he is now at the Seventh Divine Reflection realm …"
"So what? Even if he is a monster, and he can defeat a Late Divine Core warrior, do you think he is a match for a Void Tribulation warrior? "
"So what if he dies? Let's just watch a good show …"
A huge round platform appeared in midair above the abyss. Luo Zheng and the Divine Kingdom Prince both appeared on the round platform.
"I've been annoyed by you for a long time, but you're pretty lucky, you're actually in first place." The Divine Kingdom Prince sneered, "But, this is the end, you're going to die here."
"Why?" Luo Zheng asked with a puzzled expression.
"Because I'm going to kill you, haha!" After saying that, the violent expression on the Divine Kingdom Prince's face became even stronger. As a Void Tribulation warrior, how could he possibly take a Divine Reflection realm warrior like Luo Zheng seriously?
Luo Zheng rolled his eyes. Sometimes, it was fun to tease an idiot like this. After that, Luo Zheng lightly tapped on his spatial ring and pulled out a Low Saint rank longsword.
"Saint rank weapon? Haha, interesting! I never thought a Saint rank sword would be so cheap in the Central Domain, even a Divine Reflection realm brat is able to own one! " After that, the Divine Kingdom Prince pulled out a snake-shaped sword as well. The snake-shaped sword was curved, and there was a golden pattern in the middle. It was also a Low Saint rank sword.
In truth, the Divine Nation Prince had wanted to broaden the horizons of these bumpkins in the central region and show them what a sacred weapon was.
However, a Divine Reflection realm brat had pulled out a Saint rank weapon right in front of him. The Divine Kingdom Prince was extremely shocked!
Those from the Central Domain didn't agree with the Divine Kingdom Prince's words. Saint rank weapons weren't cabbages! In the entire Central Domain, there weren't many people that possessed one. It was just that this brat was a bit special …
"But so what if you have a Saint rank weapon? Giving it to someone with your strength is simply a waste of heaven's gifts! Die for me! "The Divine Kingdom Prince's figure suddenly flashed. The snake-shaped sword twisted towards Luo Zheng.
"Spirit Snake Paradise!"
The Divine Kingdom Prince thrust out his sword. It was like a poisonous snake, hissing as it rushed towards Luo Zheng.
Xiu!
Just as Luo Zheng used the Hanging Sword to defend, the Divine Kingdom Prince's sword suddenly changed directions like a small snake. It dodged Luo Zheng's iron sword and struck Luo Zheng's chest!
"What a flexible sword technique! What a strong sword intent! "
Luo Zheng sighed as he rapidly retreated. He couldn't block this sword technique!
Fortunately, he had just been stabbed in the chest by the Divine Kingdom Prince, so the wound wasn't deep …
The Divine Kingdom Prince's sword had succeeded. Naturally, he wouldn't let Luo Zheng go. The long sword in his hand danced like a snake, pouncing towards Luo Zheng.
Luo Zheng naturally knew that the snake shadows in the sky were actually sword shadows. Moreover, this sword technique was constantly changing directions. He definitely couldn't use his sword to defend himself!
"This platform isn't big. Let's see where you can escape to." The Divine Kingdom Prince sneered.
"Is that so?" Luo Zheng took a step forward. He passed through space and circled to the other side of the platform. With a faint smile on his face, he said, "Are you sure I can't escape?"
"Space law?" The Divine Kingdom Prince was stunned. His face revealed a look of astonishment.
No wonder this kid was so arrogant. He had comprehended the Space Law at the Divine Realm. If he wanted to travel through space, he had to completely comprehend the first level of the Space Law. This … There were people in the four Divine Kingdoms who had comprehended the first level of the Space Law, but those people were old monsters who had lived for thousands of years. Some were even ancient giants who had lived for tens of thousands of years!
How old was this kid in front of him? A teenager? Where did he get such an opportunity? Wasn't the North Heaven Region a desolate place? How could he have such a great opportunity?
The Divine Kingdom Prince's face was full of disbelief. However, his obsession to kill Luo Zheng had been deeply rooted. Besides, so what if Luo Zheng had comprehended the Space Law? The difference in strength between him and Luo Zheng was too great. Comprehending any law was useless!

Chapter 534
The four Divine Kingdoms were the true main continents of the Great Thousand World.
In the beginning, the seven Divine Kingdoms coexisted with the humans of the Dragon Bloodline. Now, the humans of the Dragon Bloodline had perished, and three of the seven Divine Kingdoms were destroyed, leaving only four Divine Kingdoms. The heritage and resources of the four Divine Kingdoms were not something the Central Domain could compare with.
In other words, the heritage of the four Divine Kingdoms was as long as the Great Thousand World!
When the Divine Kingdom Prince waved the snake-shaped sword in his hand, a turbulent Zhen Yuan began to dissipate. It turned into a huge snake behind the Divine Kingdom Prince.
The serpent looked very strange. It had the head of a huge dragon, but the body of a snake was slim. Its eyes were red, and the frightening aura it emitted was shocking!
"Demon Dragon …" When Granny Yu saw the image of a dragon and snake behind the Prince, her eyes flickered with a frightened expression.
"Luo Zheng …" Ning Yudie bit her lips. She was worried once again.
All the Life and Death warriors from the Central Domain, including Cui Xie and the ancient tycoon, had solemn expressions on their faces.
"The martial inheritance of the Divine Kingdoms is indeed powerful. Although this Prince is only an Early Void Tribulation warrior, and his cultivation is suppressed, he can still unleash such a powerful strength. We can't underestimate him!"
"The key is Luo Zheng! Luo Zheng is just a Divine Reflection warrior, and with his cultivation suppressed, he still needs the Prince to make such a big fuss. Isn't this like killing a chicken with a butcher's knife? "
"No matter what, Luo Zheng is dead for sure. We shouldn't have offended these men from the Divine Kingdoms, their resources are much stronger than ours!"
Luo Zheng became extremely vigilant at this moment.
If the Prince was just an ordinary Void Tribulation warrior, Luo Zheng wouldn't be afraid of him at all! After their cultivation levels were suppressed, everyone's cultivation would be reduced by a whole realm. Theoretically, this Prince should be equivalent to an Early Divine Core warrior!
If Luo Zheng's cultivation wasn't suppressed, he could easily kill an opponent like this.
However, this Divine Kingdom Prince seemed to be very unusual. His cultivation method had a unique aura. Moreover, Luo Zheng vaguely felt a trace of familiarity from the body of the demon dragon! It was actually a bloodline connection!
While Luo Zheng was concentrating, he was also thinking about why his bloodline was related to this demonic dragon.
"Because the Divine Kingdom Prince's cultivation method was passed down by the Dragon Bloodline Clan …" Qinglong suddenly said faintly.
"A cultivation method left behind by the Dragon Bloodline Clan?" Luo Zheng was secretly surprised.
"Yes, the Dragon Bloodline Clan has been completely wiped out in this Greater Thousand World, and the Rising Dragon Platform has been lost for so many years. Naturally, many of the remaining inheritances of the Dragon Bloodline Clan have been taken away by the four Divine Kingdoms! The cultivation method this Prince is cultivating is called the Dragon Snake Saint Physique, and it is a top tier cultivation method even amongst the Dragon Bloodline Clan. However … in order to cultivate the Dragon Snake Saint Physique, one needs to absorb the bloodline of a True Dragon. But, he couldn't find any True Dragon's blood, so I think he found a demon dragon with the bloodline of a True Dragon to replace it. "Qinglong explained.
"I see." Qinglong's explanation had solved the mystery in Luo Zheng's mind. However, he didn't mention the danger Luo Zheng was facing.
Although his cultivation was suppressed by a False Tribulation warrior, Luo Zheng still had a hard time dealing with him …
Facing the demon dragon behind the Divine Kingdom Prince, Luo Zheng's iron sword suddenly started swinging.
One circle …
Two circles …
Three circles …
Four circles …
After a period of secluded cultivation, Luo Zheng had mastered the Myriad Fiend Karmic Wheel to an extremely proficient level.
However, he had never used it in front of anyone.
Luo Zheng wasn't a bloodthirsty person, so it wasn't easy for him to accumulate killing intent. Therefore, he had always kept the Myriad Fiend Karmic Wheel as his trump card!
At this moment, facing the Divine Kingdom Prince, who was in the False Tribulation Realm, Luo Zheng didn't hesitate in the slightest. He set up the four Myriad Fiend Karmic Wheels, and they quietly floated around him.
The Divine Kingdom Prince didn't say anything else. He only glanced at Luo Zheng indifferently. A trace of danger appeared on his handsome face as he lightly waved the snake-shaped sword in his hand.
The demon dragon with the head of a dragon and the body of a snake coiled around the Divine Kingdom Prince. Then, its huge head moved towards Luo Zheng to devour him!
"Dragon Snake Devour!"
"Roar!"
Seeing the demon dragon pouncing towards Luo Zheng, Luo Zheng suddenly raised his sword vertically. With a thought, he established a connection with the distant Slaughter Sword Mountain.
Release killing intent!
Such a violent killing intent instantly erupted, causing the expressions of all the experts in the abyss to change.
When people killed creatures, they would be cursed and infected with killing intent.
However, as long as the killing intent wasn't accumulated enough, it would slowly dissipate, although this process would take a long time.
However, Luo Zheng's killing intent wouldn't dissipate. He should have stored it all in the Slaughter Sword Mountain.
At this moment, Luo Zheng gave everyone a very strange feeling.
A moment ago, they couldn't feel the slightest bit of killing intent from Luo Zheng's body. But in the next moment, Luo Zheng was like a demonic god who had slaughtered millions of creatures. The killing intent that erupted from his body gave many Life and Death experts a fright!
"This brat! He has so much killing intent on his body. Isn't he afraid of the backlash? "
"What a terrifying killing intent! How did he do it? Since he has so much killing intent, he shouldn't be able to hide it. Why couldn't I feel it before? Why is it erupting now? "
"Luo Zheng has too many secrets. I really can't understand …"
All cultivation methods that used killing intent were extremely tyrannical and fierce!
When Luo Zheng's killing intent was extracted from the Slaughter Sword Mountain, it was instantly thrown into the four killing wheels. Then, Luo Zheng's sword image gently fluttered.
At this moment, the demonic dragon had already rushed in front of Luo Zheng. But before it could launch an attack, it was pierced through by the surging killing intent!
"Puff!"
The four killing intents directly pierced through the demonic dragon's head, shuttled through its long and narrow snake body, and broke out of its shell from its tail. Then, they shot towards the Divine Kingdom Prince.
At this moment, the Divine Kingdom Prince was completely dumbfounded.
Just as the four baleful auras rushed towards the Divine Kingdom Prince, a light curtain suddenly appeared around the Divine Kingdom Prince's body, wrapping him up.
"Pa Pa Pa Pa!"
The moment the four killing intents collided with the light curtain, they were actually bounced back. Then, the jade hanging on the Divine Kingdom Prince's chest shattered.
"A very good protective amulet. It saved you once, but it won't save you a second time!" Luo Zheng's figure suddenly flew up. After undergoing Body Tempering, coupled with his understanding of the Law of Space, even if Luo Zheng didn't cultivate any movement skills, he was already extremely strange.
The Divine Kingdom Prince suddenly reacted. His face revealed a look of fear, and he quickly retreated. "Don't kill me! Otherwise, you will pay the price! "
"What price? Won't you just kill me at most? "Luo Zheng coldly snorted and continued to approach.
"Clang!"
The two weapons clashed. Luo Zheng's sword, which contained the power of 500 dragon scales, directly shook the Divine Kingdom Prince's snake-shaped sword to the ground. At the same time, the Divine Kingdom Prince's hand burst out with blood. Luo Zheng's mountain-like strength was not something he could resist.
Looking at the Divine Kingdom Prince's fleeing figure, Luo Zheng's face revealed a trace of disdain.
This kind of person was born noble and had great talent. Since childhood, they had always used their huge advantages to crush others. In this process, they had already forgotten to think. They just blindly crushed and crushed! In fact, they weren't stupid. Unfortunately, every time they encountered someone they couldn't crush, they would start acting stupid again and again!
Luo Zheng suddenly crossed space and circled behind the Divine Kingdom Prince. "You're just a Void Tribulation Realm martial artist, but your strength is too weak …"
After saying this, Luo Zheng chopped down with his sword!
"Don't!" The martial artist surnamed Gong from the Divine Kingdom Prince tried to stop him.
"If you kill him, I will kill you." The Divine Kingdom Saintess coldly stared at Luo Zheng, her beautiful eyes full of hatred.
In this moment of crisis, the Divine Kingdom Prince's body twisted like a snake, barely avoiding Luo Zheng's sword. But just as he dodged, he felt an intense pain in his mind, as if his soul was being torn apart.
The Divine Kingdom Prince rolled his eyes to resist this intense pain. A silver light flashed and pierced through the Divine Kingdom Prince's head. Luo Zheng had used a broken throwing knife to end this challenge …
In fact, even if the Divine Kingdom Prince's strength was suppressed by a realm, he wasn't much weaker than Luo Zheng. It was just that he had always been conceited and didn't expect to be suppressed by Luo Zheng, resulting in his miserable defeat.
However, even if the Divine Kingdom Prince went all out, he might not be able to defeat Luo Zheng. After all, Luo Zheng's cultivation wasn't suppressed, but the Divine Kingdom Prince's cultivation was suppressed by a large realm!
In the abyss, there was silence.
Everyone stared at Luo Zheng in disbelief. They stared at this Luo Zheng who was only a Divine Realm martial artist but was able to kill a Void Tribulation Realm powerhouse!
＝＝＝＝＝

Chapter 535
If they were outside of the immortal tomb, Luo Zheng might not be able to defeat the prince.
With Luo Zheng's current strength, even if he unleashed all of his strength, he still wouldn't be a match for a Void Tribulation warrior.
But, in the immortal tomb, the prince's cultivation was only equivalent to an Early Divine Core warrior, and Luo Zheng's cultivation wasn't suppressed at all. Because of this, the difference in overall strength between both parties had been pulled closer.
Because of this, Luo Zheng had the possibility of defeating the prince.
Luo Zheng knew the reason behind this, but the others didn't.
"This guy, did he really do it?"
"A Divine Reflection warrior defeated a Void Tribulation warrior, and he's from the Divine Kingdom!"
"This can only be described as unbelievable, this, this …"
Because they couldn't believe it, everyone had puzzled expressions on their faces. Some warriors were even tongue-tied, they couldn't figure out how Luo Zheng did it.
The Holy Maiden let out a heart-wrenching roar, "In the future, I'll bring my men and raze the entire Tian Bei Region to the ground! I'll step on your family, and I'll slaughter all your sects!"
Luo Zheng gazed at the Holy Maiden, and when he met her vicious gaze, he said with an indifferent tone, "Let's talk about it after you've done it!"
The Divine Nation's Life and Death Realm guards also showed a helpless expression. This trip to the immortal tomb, accompanied by five Life and Death Realm martial artists, was foolproof. They didn't expect that the prince they were protecting didn't die at the hands of the immortal tomb, but at the hands of a Radiant Spirit Realm kid from the North Heaven Region!
What was even more unacceptable was that both men were fighting in a fair fight in the arena.
What was going on in the Tian Bei Region? How could such a man be born here? The few Life and Death warriors started thinking about a more long-term problem …
The Holy Maiden didn't think too much about it, all she wanted was revenge.
In the Divine Kingdom, she had a very high status. Perhaps among the younger generation, she was second only to the Crown Prince. But, there were many princes in the Divine Kingdom.
A martial artist was different from a mortal. When a mortal became an Emperor, they would only live for a hundred years. No matter how many descendants they left behind, there would only be a few dozen of them. But, an Emperor of a Divine Kingdom could live for thousands of years, or even tens of thousands of years. With such a long life and the ability to sit on top of all the beautiful women in the world, just how many descendants would they have?
With so many Princes, they also had to abide by the rules of natural selection. Only the most outstanding person could become the Divine Kingdom's Crown Prince. As for some Princes with mediocre talent, their status was even lower than some ordinary martial artists.
She had a good relationship with this prince since she was young. This time, he was the one who brought her to the Misty Sky Immortal Tomb. As the Holy Maiden of a clan, she had to be worshipped by others since the day she could remember. She rarely had any friends by her side and spent her days in solitude.
Her only friend was this Divine Kingdom Prince, but today he was killed by Luo Zheng. How could she not hate him?
Along with the rotation of the light beam, her eyes were focused on Luo Zheng, not moving away for a moment.
Not long after, the light beam rotated again and pointed at her body. She narrowed her eyes slightly, and the dice in the abyss suddenly jumped up.
"Six points!"
A black disc appeared in front of her. Inside the disc, there was a thin white line.
She didn't think much about it. She lightly stepped onto the disc.
"You can erase anyone here."
Only after this voice suddenly rang out did she react!
"Erase!"
A ruthless smile appeared on the Holy Maiden's face. She stared at Luo Zheng and sneered.
Ning Yudie's expression suddenly changed. This round, the Holy Maiden actually obtained the right to erase!
Just now, the Elder of the Mysterious Yin Mansion had already demonstrated what "erase" meant. That was the true power of an Immortal. No one here could resist it!
Even a powerhouse like the Mysterious Yin Old Man couldn't resist at all. He was directly erased by an invisible force. It was a veritable erasure!
In other words, the Holy Maiden now controlled everyone's life and death! And this was simply an irresistible force!
"Luo Zheng is in trouble. He just killed the Crown Prince. How could the Holy Maiden let Luo Zheng go?"
"Hehe, not necessarily. Look at how many calamities Luo Zheng has escaped from in the beginning. In the beginning, not only did the purple flame not burn Luo Zheng to death, it seemed to have made Luo Zheng even stronger. Later on, even the False Tribulation Realm powerhouse couldn't kill Luo Zheng. This brat … is simply the incarnation of a demon! "
"Not necessarily? This erase should be the true power of an Immortal! How can it be compared to that False Tribulation Realm powerhouse? I bet Luo Zheng will die! "
Simply by analyzing the meaning of "erase", one could understand the Immortal's meaning. Erase was definitely unstoppable. No matter how strong you were, you couldn't be stronger than an Immortal's power. If an Immortal wanted you dead, how could you not die?
After the Holy Maiden obtained the opportunity to "erase", Cui Xie also heaved a deep sigh of relief. Fortunately … when Luo Zheng defeated the Crown Prince, Cui Xie actually felt a trace of fear in his heart! This brat's luck was much stronger than he had imagined. He must kill Luo Zheng while he was still in his infancy!
Unfortunately, he was currently in the Immortal Tomb and couldn't do anything to Luo Zheng.
Now it seemed that there was no need to do so. The Holy Maiden was bound to erase Luo Zheng, and Luo Zheng was also bound to die. At this moment, who could save him? Unless Luo Zheng had a second life!
The three fat men of the World Business Alliance looked at each other and silently shook their heads. This was bad …
Of course, the World Business Alliance didn't want Luo Zheng to die. Not to mention that if Luo Zheng died, their Sect Protecting Great Array would be ruined. Moreover, as a rune master, Luo Zheng's commercial value to the World Business Alliance might be even more important than the Cloud Hall. From the beginning to the end, Luo Zheng had been the target of the World Business Alliance's roping.
What a pity …
Many martial artists also shook their heads.
Facing the Holy Maiden, Ning Yudie's eyes suddenly turned cold. She stared at the Holy Maiden and coldly said, "If you dare to kill Luo Zheng, I'll hunt you down until you die!"
"Is that so?" The Holy Maiden faintly smiled. "I'm the Holy Maiden of Divine Kingdom. You seem to be the Sect Leader of a Rank 4 Sect, right? What are you going to use to hunt me down? "
"I'll use this!"
Ning Yudie bit the tip of her tongue and gently blew on it. A hexagonal blood-colored snowflake formed in her hand!
After the blood-colored snowflake was formed, Ning Yudie gently patted it. The snowflake spun and then flew towards the Holy Maiden!
In this abyss, everyone's position was separated by a barrier. No one could leave their own disc. Even their attacks would be blocked by the barrier. Otherwise, everyone would have already been in a mess. Why would they be willing to obediently throw dice here?
However, the blood-colored snowflake easily passed through the barrier and flew towards the Holy Maiden. In an instant, it drilled into the Holy Maiden's body!
"Xiaodie …" Granny Jade softly called out. Outsiders didn't know what Ning Yudie did, but Granny Jade knew best. After all, Granny Jade was the one who taught Ning Yudie the 《Empyrean Maiden Heart Sutra》.
This was a curse that Ning Yudie released at the cost of burning her blood essence!
After being cursed, the Holy Maiden would be Ning Yudie's target for the rest of her life. She wouldn't stop until she was dead …
Moreover, both Ning Yudie and the Holy Maiden would be infected with the curse. Every year, they would be attacked by the cold poison for a third of the time. It was unbearable pain!
Although Luo Zheng didn't know what Ning Yudie did, he could vaguely guess that the price she paid was probably not small.
At this moment, Luo Zheng's heart was filled with fear!
The Immortal's methods were too powerful. He wasn't sure if his own trump card could block the "obliteration"!
The Holy Maiden coldly glanced at Luo Zheng and laughed bitterly. "Die! Since you killed Brother Fan, you're destined to be buried with him … "
Then, the Holy Maiden lightly pointed at Luo Zheng.
Everyone's eyes immediately focused on Luo Zheng.
Soon, a breeze drifted by, as if some invisible Death God had come to Luo Zheng's side. The invisible force suddenly covered Luo Zheng.
"What a powerful force!"
Although this force was almost invisible, Luo Zheng could still feel its existence. This force should be from the side of his head!
Luo Zheng almost subconsciously raised his hands to protect his head!
His body had just been tempered by the Quenching Star Raging Flames. After absorbing so much Quenching Star Raging Flames, his body had been promoted to a high-grade Immortal Tool. He was only one step away from becoming a Sacred Tool. Luo Zheng didn't believe that this force could really obliterate him!
"Puff puff!"

Chapter 536
Luo Zheng had still underestimated the Immortal's methods.
So far, Luo Zheng had relied on his special body to block a lot of attacks!
Generally speaking, only very sharp attacks could cause real damage to Luo Zheng. For example, Luo Zheng's body could be penetrated, or Luo Zheng's body could be cut open. However, it was very difficult to tear his body apart!
Take the number one expert of the Central Domain, Cui Xie, as an example. Cui Xie might be able to break a high-grade immortal standard sword with some effort, but that was because the sword was too thin and easy to break. However, what if it was a high-grade immortal standard iron pillar that was as thick as a water bucket?
Cui Xie might be able to cut a hole in the iron pillar, but he might not be able to break it.
Luo Zheng's body was equivalent to such a high-grade immortal standard iron pillar. How much power would be needed to break his body?
However, this obliterating power was still beyond Luo Zheng's imagination!
The powerful obliterating power directly caused the skin and flesh on Luo Zheng's arms to continuously crack. His bones were already many times harder than steel, but under the pressure of this obliterating power, fine cracks continuously appeared!
What was even more frightening was that this powerful force was constantly penetrating. Not only did it squeeze Luo Zheng's arms from top to bottom, but it also penetrated Luo Zheng's back. It was as if an invisible giant hand was squeezing Luo Zheng's entire body tightly in the palm of its hand!
"Ka Ka Ka Ka Cha!"
Fine cracks appeared on his spine under the extreme pressure, and he could not bear the heavy burden any longer.
"Luo Zheng!"
Although she knew that Luo Zheng couldn't resist the obliterating power of the Immortal, Ning Yudie couldn't help but tear up when she saw Luo Zheng struggling so painfully.
In the end, Ning Yudie was actually a very ordinary woman. It was a complete accident that she was able to rise so quickly and become a top expert of the Central Domain. In other words, Ning Yudie didn't have a heart that yearned for the Martial Dao. It was only after her talent was accidentally discovered by the Cloud Hall that her heart for the Martial Dao was slowly forged.
Even so, she still yearned for an ordinary life. If there was someone by her side, she could bicker with him, she could roll her eyes when she was unhappy, and she could put on an extra layer of clothing when the weather turned cold.
Perhaps Luo Zheng was the most suitable person, the man who could bring her warmth …
Seeing Luo Zheng being obliterated, Ning Yudie was indeed very sad.
But in the eyes of others, it was a stupefying shock!
The scene of the Old Man Xuan Yin being obliterated was still vivid in their minds. A dignified Life and Death Realm expert was obliterated just like that. Moreover, his body was directly crushed by an invisible force and then obliterated!
This Luo Zheng seemed to be using his own body to resist the obliterating power?
The power of the Immortal was something that martial artists from the lower realm like them couldn't fathom or resist!
In this Wheel of Fortune, the rules of the game set by the Immortal were ironclad rules. Since the rules determined that Luo Zheng needed to be obliterated, then Luo Zheng had to die. Otherwise, the obliteration would lose its meaning, and it would be unfair to the Saintess of Divine Nation.
However … Luo Zheng was actually resisting that terrifying power!
"This, this, this … this is a power that will surely kill him. Luo Zheng actually has the ability to resist it. I'm really scared. Is this guy even human?!" an elder of the Black Mountain Sect couldn't help but cry out. Obviously, he couldn't accept the fact in front of him.
"Motherf * cker, how tough is Luo Zheng's body? Resisting the obliterating power head-on? The Mysterious Yin Old Man was obliterated, but this guy Luo Zheng doesn't seem to die? "
"I can't help but swear. This guy … can he be any more monstrous? I'm going crazy! I think it's better for him to die! Otherwise, there's really no way to explain how a puny Divine Reflection Stage martial artist could reach this point step by step! "
"He's most likely going to die. He can't hold on any longer!"
Even being obliterated seemed so difficult. Many martial artists were completely speechless at this scene. In their eyes, Luo Zheng was absolutely a monster that couldn't be measured by normal standards!
Luo Zheng clenched his teeth. Right, to resist that power, he not only borrowed the power of the dragon scales in his body, but also the Vital Spirit hidden in his body!
However, as Luo Zheng's power erupted, the invisible obliterating power seemed to be increasing! Originally, after entering the immortal tool body, Luo Zheng could still borrow more power of the dragon scales. However, if he continued to increase the power of the dragon scales, coupled with the power of the Vital Spirit, and the obliterating power, his body would probably collapse first!
"Ah ah ah ah!"
Luo Zheng let out a manic roar. The muscles of his shoulders, chest, and back were all injured by Luo Zheng. Blood shot out like arrows under the high pressure, hitting the barrier, forming a bloody mist, and slowly falling on the disc.
Ning Yudie's hand was pressed against the barrier, and a faint icy mist floated on her sorrowful face. At this moment, a glimmer of hope appeared in her heart. Perhaps, Luo Zheng could really survive this obliterating power?
If it was someone else, it would be impossible, but if it was Luo Zheng, it was very possible!
Because Ning Yudie had seen too many miracles from Luo Zheng. He was always unexpected and always beyond people's expectations. At this moment, Ning Yudie wanted to quietly close her eyes. Maybe in a moment, Luo Zheng would stand up safely.
Unfortunately, the miracle didn't happen.
She watched as more and more blood burst out of Luo Zheng's body. His bones couldn't bear the powerful obliterating power and broke little by little. His whole body was constantly being kneaded by an invisible big hand, and his body was distorted beyond recognition …
"Bastard, you didn't even save your sister …" Seeing this scene, Ning Yudie murmured, and the sadness on her face gradually dissipated.
She had a soft side, but as the Hall Master of the Cloud Hall, she had a strong side!
Many martial artists also let out sighs. Although some of them still had some doubts in their hearts, it was reasonable to say that Luo Zheng should be completely obliterated from this world, just like the Mysterious Yin Old Man!
But why didn't Luo Zheng's body disappear even though it was distorted beyond recognition? Or was it because Luo Zheng's body was too hard and couldn't be obliterated?
Just when everyone was puzzled, a strange scene appeared.
Luo Zheng's distorted body suddenly flashed, and then a small light spot burst out from Luo Zheng's body.
That light spot instantly changed into a semicircular light curtain, covering Luo Zheng's body!
"Bang!
Then, a large part of the light curtain caved in!
Everyone immediately understood that the obliterating power from the Immortal's method hadn't disappeared, and was actually attacking the light curtain!
However, the light curtain covering Luo Zheng seemed to be even more terrifying. Although it was caved in by the obliterating power, the caved in area instantly returned to its original state. Moreover, the light curtain suddenly bulged, as if it had collided heavily with the invisible big hand.
"Clang!"
"Bang!"
"Boom!"
The light curtain on the surface of Luo Zheng's body actually started a fierce collision with the obstinate obliterating power.
The entire abyss seemed to be shaken by the two powerful forces. Everyone standing on the round plate was actually constantly shaking, and the cliff of the abyss was also constantly shaking.
Many Life and Death Realm experts felt such a powerful force, and their faces turned pale!
What kind of method did Luo Zheng have that he could actually resist the power of the Immortal?
This method didn't come from Luo Zheng, but from the amulet given to him by the Palace Master of Dragon Abyss Palace. Like the power of the Immortal, it also came from the upper realm.
Luo Zheng, who was lying under the light curtain, was also extremely shocked! He didn't expect that a small amulet could give birth to such a powerful force.
This amulet actually became Luo Zheng's substitute. Not only did it take all the damage for Luo Zheng, but it also helped Luo Zheng completely offset the obliterating power!
However, this Immortal's method was also very tenacious! He actually wanted to obliterate Luo Zheng before giving up!
The collision between the two continued for a while, and the power of the invisible hand became weaker and weaker. The sound of the collision also became softer and softer, and finally, it slowly disappeared …
After a while, the light curtain on the surface of Luo Zheng's body collapsed and dissipated. The amulet given to Luo Zheng by the Palace Master of Dragon Abyss Palace also turned into fragments. This amulet couldn't protect him forever, and was only a one-time item.
Luo Zheng, who got up, was too lazy to pay attention to anyone. He just stared at Ning Yudie and said with a faint smile, "Why are you crying?"

Chapter 537
How could other people be as indifferent as Luo Zheng?
In Ning Yudie's opinion, Luo Zheng had indeed created a lot of miracles, but those miracles were relatively "reasonable", such as challenging people of a higher realm. But how could she have thought that Luo Zheng could withstand the Immortal's Obliteration?
But just now, everyone saw that at the critical moment, it seemed that a protective talisman had exploded. It was that powerful protective talisman that had saved Luo Zheng's life.
If Ning Yudie's guess was right, this protective talisman should also have come from the Upper Realm. Otherwise, how could it offset the power of the Immortal?
Seeing Luo Zheng's lazy smile, Ning Yudie's eyes widened. She just kept cursing, "Bastard, bastard …"
Just now, Ning Yudie had indeed given up. In this case, she was almost helpless. Unless a miracle happened, it was possible to reverse the situation. But in the end, the miracle did not happen. Luo Zheng still relied on his own trump card to reverse the whole situation!
This scene made everyone fall silent again.
The eyes of the Saintess of Divine Kingdom were gloomy, like a dark pool of water.
How could she have thought that these ants of the Northern Heaven Region would be so difficult to deal with? She had gotten a chance to obliterate this kid, but she couldn't even kill him. How could she be reconciled?
And she seemed to have been cursed by that woman …
The Saintess of Divine Kingdom lowered her head, and a row of neat bangs covered her eyes. She said faintly, "When we go back this time, I will bring people to flatten the Northern Heaven Region."
As the light beam rotated in circles, many warriors became more and more nervous.
This Wheel of Luck relied entirely on luck. There was no reason at all. Even someone as powerful as Cui Xie would not be able to resist if he encountered the Obliteration. Only that evildoer, Luo Zheng, could actually endure it!
But since Ning Yudie could guess, in fact, many people could guess that Luo Zheng had just resisted the Immortal's Obliteration. Presumably, he had borrowed the means of the Upper Realm.
However, what they couldn't figure out was how strong Luo Zheng's luck was. Everyone else who stepped onto the Rising Dragon Platform would be locked up for a thousand years. Why was this kid not only not locked up, but also brought down a pile of treasures from the Upper Realm, such as a Saint-level protective armor, a Saint-level sword, and the amulet that suddenly exploded on Luo Zheng's body just now was even more terrifying …
Many of the martial artists didn't say anything, but they felt extremely unbalanced in their hearts. They had seen people with good luck, but they had never seen anyone with such good luck!
The beam of light slowly stopped and finally pointed at Cui Xie. Cui Xie waved his fist and the die gave a five.
After Cui Xie took five steps, he stepped onto the emerald green disc. "The Light of Longevity rewards you with five hundred years of lifespan."
"No way, Cui Xie's luck is also this strong?"
"His luck has always been good! Otherwise, how could he have fought against the Void Spirit Sect as an independent martial artist and become the strongest person in the world? "
Many of the martial artists also showed envy in their eyes.
Just as Qinglong had inferred, the first half of Cui Xie's life was also full of adversity. He was even suppressed by the Void Spirit Sect and once had a grudge with them, but in the end, he still soared to the sky. How could his luck be weak?
Looking at Cui Xie covered in green light, Luo Zheng's eyes flashed. With Cui Xie's luck, it wouldn't be too difficult to find the next person with the Extreme Violet Yin Body.
Thinking of this, a feeling of extreme urgency rose from the bottom of Luo Zheng's heart. He didn't have much time left!
Most of the people in the abyss were gradually approaching the center of the abyss at a speed that was neither fast nor slow. Most of them had already taken between ten to thirty steps, and the one who maintained the lead was still Luo Zheng, followed by Ning Yudie, and then the Saintess of Divine Kingdom.
After a full circle, it was Luo Zheng's turn to throw the die again.
"With great momentum, let's rush forward in one spurt of energy!" Luo Zheng said confidently with a smile on his face. He punched the die. The die kept rolling, but it still gave him a "six". In the end, a yellow light appeared on the disc. "Throw it again!"
Seeing this scene, many of the martial artists cried out.
"This Luo Zheng's luck is too good. I can't compare with him at all!"
"I've thrown the die five times, and I didn't get a" six "even once. Not to mention that one more time!"
"It's good enough that you didn't encounter any punishment. Those who were punished and killed are even more wronged!"
Luo Zheng stepped forward, stepped on the yellow disc, and punched again. The die rolled once. "Six again!"
Ning Yudie looked at Luo Zheng, who was constantly moving forward, and sighed in her heart. When she met him on the road of trials, Ning Yudie was only surprised that Luo Zheng could cultivate the Demon Race's Cultivation Method. At that time, the only value of Luo Zheng in her eyes was that he had broken the barrier in the flood dragon's stomach.
But then, this youngster showed his talent at an astonishing speed. His talent could indeed go further than her on the road of martial arts …
Thinking of this, Ning Yudie sighed inwardly. Unfortunately, the time given to him was too short. If Luo Zheng was not in a hurry to save his sister, it would be very easy for him to step into the Life and Death Realm in thirty years.
However, Ning Yudie didn't know that Luo Zheng's goal was not only the Life and Death Realm.
The road of martial arts was long, and there was almost no end. Luo Zheng's ultimate goal was to reach the pinnacle of martial arts and pry into the most fundamental mysteries of the world!
"Six again …"
Luo Zheng had now taken the ninety-fourth step. He was in the center of the abyss. At this moment, he could see the big die when he raised his head.
Everyone's eyes were focused on him. Just now, Luo Zheng had done one more time, and they had nothing to say. They could only say that Luo Zheng's luck was strong, far beyond their imagination.
Luo Zheng didn't hesitate and hit the die again. As the die rolled, it still gave a "six".
"Did I pass?"
Luo Zheng looked at the last disc. It flickered with a blue light, as if the blue sky was projected on it.
Before stepping on the disc, Luo Zheng looked back at Ning Yudie and nodded at her with a faint smile. Then, he took the first step.
"Whoosh …"
A blue light shot out from the disc and instantly enveloped Luo Zheng. Soon, Luo Zheng's figure disappeared in front of everyone.
With the exception of Ning Yudie and the other people from Cloud Hall, almost all the cultivators had looks of envy in their eyes. Although they didn't know what kind of reward the first person to pass through the Wheel of Fortune would receive, if they could obtain such a generous reward just by passing through the Wheel of Fortune, then it was easy to imagine what the first person to pass through would receive …
Everyone had paid a considerable price for one Immortal Tomb Spirit Lamp. In order to light up all the Immortal Tomb Spirit Lamps, they had waited for decades or even centuries!
Among these people, there was no lack of Life and Death Realm powerhouses and Sect Masters of various large sects. However, in the end, they still let a junior in the Divine Reflection Realm take the lead.
"Don't be discouraged. There's no saying that the first person will definitely receive the immortal's inheritance," someone said lightly.
"That's true, but the first person will definitely receive great benefits …"
After Luo Zheng left, most people said that they were full of jealousy. A small number of people mocked him, probably because they felt that it was unfair.
Ning Yudie's smile didn't fade for a long time. Her beautiful eyes were curved into crescent moons. She wasn't happy because Luo Zheng had won first place, but because Luo Zheng smiled at her when he took the last step.
The moment Luo Zheng was enveloped by the blue light, his entire body seemed to be disintegrated into little bits that kept rising.
This teleportation method was very similar to the one on the fifth level of the Rising Dragon Platform. Was this also long-distance teleportation? Teleportation to the Upper Realm?
However, Luo Zheng soon understood that it should be a short-distance teleportation. After all, when he was teleported from the Rising Dragon Platform to the Upper Realm, although Luo Zheng couldn't feel the passage of time, it definitely couldn't have been this short.
At this moment, Luo Zheng found himself standing in a dim palace. A cold wind blew over, and Luo Zheng saw a huge coffin placed in front of him!
"This is an immortal's coffin? It's so big? " Luo Zheng's face showed curiosity. This made Luo Zheng suddenly think of the immortal mansion. Everything inside was also incomparably huge.
＝＝＝＝＝

Chapter 538
When Luo Zheng first entered the immortal mansion, he found that everything in the immortal mansion was incomparably huge.
Huge tree trunks, huge white tigers, and everything in the immortal mansion was so huge. Could it be that immortals were all giants?
This was illogical.
Human beings were a huge race. When their strength reached a certain level, they could cross the void and ascend.
Even if they cultivated to become immortals, their body size would not change that much. Luo Zheng was trying to unravel this mystery step by step.
In the darkness, gusts of chilly wind blew. Luo Zheng slowly approached the huge coffin. The outside of the coffin was engraved with fine and dense lines, which were complex and obscure.
Luo Zheng tried to open the lid of the coffin.
When he put his hands on the coffin and tried to open it, he found that the coffin did not move at all. There was no reaction!
Luo Zheng urged the power of the dragon scales inside his body, and then suddenly released the vital essence inside his body, but the result was the same.
"Such a heavy coffin?" Luo Zheng was amazed.
The power that Luo Zheng had just unleashed was enough to overturn a mountain, but he hadn't moved the coffin at all.
Therefore, Luo Zheng could only go around the coffin and continue to explore slowly.
At this moment, Luo Zheng saw a huge fate chart on the ground. On it, palm-sized characters were engraved with golden patterns, scattered in every corner.
"Wuqu, Tianfu, Pojun, Tanlang, this is …" Just as Luo Zheng recognized it, an extremely weak voice floated out.
"Ziwei Diaodiao, predict the fate of one's life. Young man, since you're here, stand on it …"
Luo Zheng's eyes narrowed. With a vigilant look, he asked, "Who is it?"
"Me? I'm the owner of this tomb. "Then Luo Zheng heard the sound of a stone slab moving. He looked up and saw a triangular stone slab on the ceiling slowly move away. A transparent crystal ball rolled out from the slab and floated in the air.
There was a black figure in the crystal ball. The eyes of the figure could not be seen, only two empty black eye sockets staring at Luo Zheng.
Luo Zheng was a bit nervous. His body slightly bent, and he asked with a bit of wariness, "You are Immortal Heavenly Mist?"
"Haha, you don't need to be so nervous. Dead Immortals are no longer Immortals. Strictly speaking, I am the last words of Immortal Heavenly Mist." The crystal ball quietly floated for a while before Immortal Heavenly Mist said, "In order to preserve my remnant soul, I spent a lot of energy. If I wait another thousand years, the Time Sand will lose its effect …"
"In order to wait for a suitable person to appear, I mixed this remnant of my soul with the sand of time. That was how I was able to retain thousands of years of memories after death. However, after splitting my soul, I also lost the qualifications to enter the path of reincarnation. This price, sigh …"
Immortal Heavenly Mist continued to talk to himself. His words were somewhat vague, but Luo Zheng still understood most of it. Gradually, he let down his guard.
Such a weak remnant soul could not possibly take over Luo Zheng's body. Moreover, Luo Zheng's soul had already entered the War Soul Realm, and the two True Dragons, Qinglong and Chi Long, were lurking in his mind.
Luo Zheng did not know what the Time Sand was, but he understood. In order to preserve his soul until now, Immortal Heavenly Mist actually gave up the qualifications to enter the path of reincarnation!
Life would undergo reincarnation, or fall into the Six Paths of Reincarnation and be reborn …
Giving up the qualifications to enter the path of reincarnation was equivalent to completely cutting off one's path of retreat and erasing oneself forever.
Immortals had to go through the Five Signs of Decay before dying. After that, they would die in front of the Gate of Immortality. There was no elixir that could prolong an Immortal's life. Even their soul could not be preserved. They had to enter the path of reincarnation.
In order to preserve this remnant of his soul until now, Immortal Heavenly Mist had paid a considerable price.
"May I ask why you're doing this?" asked Luo Zheng.
"I'm waiting for someone," said Immortal Heavenly Mist softly.
"Waiting for who?"
"You …"
Luo Zheng was not surprised by this answer.
Qinglong had already told him that although the dice seemed like a game, it was actually a wheel of karmic luck. Its purpose was to select the cultivator with the most karmic luck.
Luo Zheng was the first person to pass through the wheel of karmic luck, so he naturally had the most karmic luck.
"Actually, your karmic luck is still somewhat insufficient," said Immortal Heavenly Mist somewhat disappointedly.
"Insufficient?" Luo Zheng felt that his luck was pretty good.
"You used up six chances to pass through the wheel of karmic luck I set up. According to the design I set up in the wheel of karmic luck, there is a one in three hundred chance of passing through the wheel of karmic luck. In other words, there is a one in 16.934 billion chance of passing through the wheel of karmic luck …" said Immortal Heavenly Mist indifferently.
Hearing that number, Luo Zheng felt a bit confused. According to what Immortal Heavenmist had said, he had to invite 16.9 billion people to try once. Only one of them would be able to pass the Wheel of Karmic Luck by throwing the die six times.
"However, my request is to pass through the wheel of karmic luck in one attempt," continued Immortal Heavenly Mist.
"Throwing the die once and continuously stepping on the wheel of karmic luck? This probability … "Luo Zheng was already speechless. This was probably no longer called karmic luck, right? This was called being blessed by the heavens!
"Yes, that's a one in 56 trillion chance," said Immortal Heavenly Mist.
Such a large number made Luo Zheng dizzy. The Central Domain had a large population. Cloudsea City's population was in the tens of millions, and this didn't include large cities like Apocalypse City and Yulan City. But even if everyone in the Central Domain were to try, it would still be impossible for a single person to meet Immortal Heavenly Mist's requirements.
Seeing Luo Zheng roll his eyes, Immortal Heavenly Mist laughed. "Perhaps my requirements are too high."
"Not just a little high." Luo Zheng nodded in agreement.
"However, you should still stand on the Crape Myrtle Heavenly Palace. Let me calculate your karmic luck," said Immortal Heavenly Mist.
Luo Zheng's face revealed a curious expression, and then he mentally asked, "Our human race has a method of calculating karmic luck?"
"Of course there is a method of calculating karmic luck. I suggest that you try it," suggested Qinglong.
Actually, Qinglong had this question in his heart as well.
Qinglong had deduced that Luo Zheng had the Fate of the War of the Worlds, but that was only a guess of his and Crimson Dragon's. Neither Qinglong nor Crimson Dragon knew how to calculate karmic luck and fate. Only their big brother knew this method. Thus, they had been unable to calculate Luo Zheng's karmic luck.
Since Immortal Heavenly Mist could do it, Qinglong would naturally suggest it.
Luo Zheng nodded, then stepped onto the Crape Myrtle Heavenly Palace. As he walked, Luo Zheng asked, "Qinglong, even a human Immortal can calculate karmic luck. You are a true dragon of the Dragon race. Why can't you do it?"
Although Luo Zheng didn't know Immortal Heavenly Mist's status in the Immortal Realm, one thing was certain. Immortal Heavenly Mist's status was definitely incomparable to Qinglong's.
The grand True Dragon Realm only had 49 true dragons!
But in the human Upper Realm, immortals … shouldn't be that valuable, right?
However, Luo Zheng's knowledge of the entire Upper Realm was still incomplete and blurry. So far, he'd only been to the border of the True Dragon Realm, a small city used to receive ascenders from the Lower Realm's Dragon Bloodline Clan. Naturally, Luo Zheng couldn't figure out the problem.
To his surprise, Qinglong said coolly, "You underestimate the power of the human race. The Hundred Thousand Upper Realms have been occupied by humans … Heh heh, let's talk about this later!"
Luo Zheng rolled his eyes. Then he saw the Nine Palaces Grid on the ground start to flicker with light. The palm-sized characters glowed with a faint golden light and flowed continuously. The light wove into fine lines that wove back and forth.
Some of the light fell on Luo Zheng and then bounced off another big character, forming even more fine lines.
Luo Zheng, who was in the center, didn't feel anything strange. The crystal ball floated in front of the Crape Star Great Heavenly Palace. The black thing in the crystal ball was rolling continuously, as if it was calculating Luo Zheng's fate!
After a long time, the crystal ball suddenly trembled and fell heavily to the ground. A crack appeared on the surface of the crystal ball, like a blooming flower.
Seeing this, Luo Zheng was startled. He stared at the crystal ball and asked, "Immortal Heavenly Mist … are you all right?"
The black smoke in the crystal ball tumbled and finally formed a faint head. Then, it asked in a weak and surprised voice, "You, you also have a token!"

Chapter 539
Luo Zheng stared at the cracks on the crystal ball and listened to Immortal Tian Miao's increasingly weak voice. Instead, he said worriedly, "I have the token, but your crystal ball is broken."
"Don't worry about that! Quickly take out your token and let me see it! "Daoist Tian Miao said urgently.
Luo Zheng didn't doubt him and took out the token from the immortal mansion from his spatial ring. The immortal mansion was useless to Luo Zheng right now. After all, he couldn't move the entire immortal mansion. That token with the word "Xun" engraved on it should only be a pass.
The crystal ball floated in front of Luo Zheng. Daoist Tian Miao's black eye sockets stared at the token in Luo Zheng's hand. Then he sighed, "So that's how it is. You have also become the new master of the primal chaos immortal mansion."
"That means, you …" Luo Zheng was surprised.
Daoist Tian Miao smiled. Then he turned the crystal ball and aimed it at a wall not far away. That wall emitted a sound of friction and soon the wall opened. "Go and take out the things behind the wall."
Luo Zheng curiously walked to the wall and took out two tokens from behind it. One of the tokens was exactly the same as Luo Zheng's. It also had the word "Xun" engraved on it. However, next to the word "Xun" was the word "Zhen"!
There were actually two tokens!
Looking at the shape and design of the other token, it was almost exactly the same as the other one. They should have both come from the immortal mansion.
Seeing the change in Luo Zheng's expression, Immortal Tian Miao said indifferently, "I am the third master of that immortal mansion …"
Luo Zheng took a deep breath. When he was in the immortal mansion, Luo Zheng knew that the immortal mansion had had several masters. Luo Zheng passed the test and could be considered the new master of the immortal mansion. How could he have imagined that he would meet the third master of the immortal mansion in this immortal tomb!
"Then this token …" Luo Zheng was about to ask about the use of the token engraved with the word "Zhen".
Daoist Tian Miao smiled faintly, "This' Zhen 'token opens the' True Path of Extinction 'of the immortal mansion. The True Path of Extinction is also a path of cultivation in the immortal mansion. Even I have only opened one True Path of Extinction …"
"What is the origin of this immortal mansion? Why did the first master leave it behind?" Luo Zheng asked again.
"Heh heh, this Immortal mansion has no name. The first master did not give it a name. Since then, no one else in this world has been able to give it a name. You can't, I can't, the previous master of this Immortal mansion couldn't, and no one in the hundred thousand major worlds can do it," said Immortal Heavenmist coolly.
Luo Zheng blinked, stunned. Immortal Heavenly Mist's words were too …
There were a hundred thousand worlds in the Upper Worlds. Even the famous True Dragon World was only one in a hundred thousand. Was there no one in the hundred thousand worlds qualified to name this immortal mansion? Did it have to be so exaggerated?
"Since you were able to become the master of this immortal mansion, this' Zhen 'token can be considered a gift to you. You can't enter the True Path of Extinction yet, but you can once you break through the Life and Death realm. As for the origin of this immortal mansion, I can't tell you too much. I can only remind you that this immortal mansion is much larger than you can imagine." After saying this, Daoist Tian Miao asked again, "Since you became the temporary master, you should have obtained the visualization diagram. How many did you obtain?"
"Visualization diagram?" Luo Zheng nodded, then said, "It's the Sun-Moon-Star Diagram."
The crystal ball suddenly trembled again and fell heavily to the ground, making a crisp "pa" sound. On the other side of the crystal ball, a broken pattern bloomed.
"Senior, senior, are you alright?" Looking at the two broken crystal balls, Luo Zheng's face flashed with worry.
The crystal ball slowly floated up and said, "I'm fine … Are you sure you obtained the Sun-Moon-Star Diagram?"
Luo Zheng nodded and released a strand of Zhen Yuan from his hand. Specks of starlight escaped from the Heavenly Devil Zhen Yuan.
"The light of the stars visualized from the Sun-Moon-Star Diagram. Not bad … You were actually able to obtain the last diagram. It's really inconceivable. That was the diagram visualized by the first master of this immortal mansion, that supreme existence …" Immortal Tian Miao muttered.
"Who was the first master of this immortal mansion?" Luo Zheng asked curiously.
Even the hundred thousand great worlds weren't qualified to name this immortal mansion. In other words, the master of this immortal mansion had a status that transcended the hundred thousand great worlds.
How could Luo Zheng not be curious about such an identity?
"That's not something you can comprehend right now. You don't need to know," Immortal Tian Miao said. "Moreover, if I'm not wrong, you're cultivating a demonic technique. This Heavenly Devil God Fist has the power to devour. Although it's extraordinary, it's not a righteous technique. We humans are orthodox, so how can we cultivate the heretical techniques of other races?"
Luo Zheng rolled his eyes. He didn't think much of Immortal Tian Miao's words.
If it wasn't for the Heavenly Devil God Fist showing off its might at the crucial moment, Luo Zheng would have died countless times. This guy said it so easily. He did want to cultivate the top techniques of the human race, but the problem was that he didn't know if there were any in the Central Domain. Even if there were, it probably wouldn't be Luo Zheng's turn.
Although Luo Zheng claimed to be from the Cloud Hall, in reality, other than the Heavenly Devil God Fist, which he accidentally obtained from the Blue Cloud Sect, all the other resources were obtained by Luo Zheng. He didn't use much of the Blue Cloud Sect's effort, and he didn't use much of the Cloud Hall's effort either. In other words, his growth was similar to that of an independent martial artist. He relied entirely on himself!
Seeing that Luo Zheng didn't say anything, Immortal Tian Miao roughly understood that there was something wrong with his words. He calmly accepted it. "Forget it, forget it. I'm an old man who's already dead. I can't even enter the path of reincarnation. Even if I want to reincarnate as an animal, it's impossible. Why would I care about such trifles?
How laughable. "Luo Zheng didn't know why, but when he heard this, he suddenly felt that Immortal Tian Miao was a bit pitiful.
What kind of big matter was it that made him sever his own soul and wait here bitterly for two thousand years? He was even willing to not enter the path of reincarnation? What was the secret behind all this?
"Senior, the martial arts I practice are very complicated. It's true that they aren't systematic, but at that time, I was limited by the conditions." Luo Zheng's martial arts were actually not bad at all. If he could practice any one of them in the Central Domain, he would probably be able to laugh proudly and obtain great achievements. However, in the eyes of Immortal Tian Miao, he was probably just average. Then, Luo Zheng asked again, "Senior, you haven't told me why you want to test my luck?"
"Alas, I just discovered that you have the Immortal Mansion Token in your body, so I delayed this. Stand back. I still want to test your luck," Immortal Tian Miao said.
After Luo Zheng stood back, the words on the Crape Myrtle Heavenly Palace began to light up one by one.
"Sun …"
"Sky Beam …"
"Army Breaker …"
"Left Assistant …"
"Wenqu …"
Bits of golden light flashed, and more and more golden threads shot out. Every thread of golden thread brushed past Luo Zheng's body. The dense golden threads almost drowned Luo Zheng, but they kept a certain distance from Luo Zheng.
There were many types of Birth Charts in the Crape Myrtle Horoscope.
For example, the Triad Fire Greedy Grid, the Two Brilliant Tonglin Grid, the Lu He Yuanyang Grid, and so on.
Immortal Heavenly Mist was also muttering nonstop as he began to calculate Luo Zheng's luck. His words were so vague that no one could hear him clearly.
After the time it takes three incense sticks to burn, Immortal Heavenmist's voice suddenly became clear.
"Breaking the Great Gate, Chang Lian Zhen, is for the Seven Killing Dynasties … No, that's not right. Against the Sun and Moon, Piercing the Heavens, is for the Pearl Emerging from the Sea … That's still not right!"
"This is, this is … the War of the Great Era …"
Before Daoist Tian Miao could finish his words, the crystal ball shook violently again and fell to the ground.
"Bang!"
Cracks appeared on both ends of the crystal ball, and a spiderweb-like crack had appeared in the middle. Luo Zheng didn't know if Immortal Heavenmist was using his "eyes" to see, or else these cracks would've blocked his line of sight.
"Se-senior, are you alright …?"
In this short period of time, the crystal ball had already fallen three times. Luo Zheng was rather speechless.
The crystal ball rolled once on the ground, then slowly floated up. At the same time, a desolate laugh came from it. "Hahaha …"
He didn't break his head, right? Luo Zheng thought to himself. However, this was only a part of Immortal Heavenmist's soul. It shouldn't have a brain!

Chapter 540
The crystal ball in front of him had been completely smashed and was covered with cracks. If it was hit again, the entire crystal ball would probably shatter into pieces.
Immortal Tian Miao's laughter constantly rang out from the crystal ball. His laughter contained a wild and desolate aura, as if he was a supreme expert who had encountered great joy and great sorrow in his twilight years. Only then would he laugh like this.
"Senior …" Luo Zheng pursed his lips. He didn't know why Immortal Tian Miao was laughing so wildly.
Immortal Tian Miao kept laughing inside the crystal ball. After a while, he gradually stopped laughing. "The Battle of the Great Era, the Battle of the Great Era! This is the fate of the Battle of the Great Era! "
What Luo Zheng didn't know was that after Immortal Tian Miao made this divination, Qinglong secretly said to the Crimson Dragon in his mind, "Seventh Brother, it seems that we don't need to ask Big Brother to make a divination. This Immortal's Purple Star Divinator has already calculated Luo Zheng's fate. It seems that Luo Zheng really does have the fate of the Battle of the Great Era!"
The Crimson Dragon nodded. "Indeed. Since this kid has the fate of the Battle of the Great Era, and now that the Great Era has arrived, he will be the favored child of this era!"
"If that's the case, then the matter of us nine brothers will have a certain chance of turning around. To be able to place our hopes in the mind of a martial artist with the fate of the Battle of the Great Era is also our destiny …" Qinglong muttered.
"Perhaps …" The Crimson Dragon also let out a long sigh.
Luo Zheng was completely stunned. What was the Battle of the Great Era? What kind of fate was this? He had never heard anyone mention it before. Even Qinglong hadn't mentioned it to him personally.
"Senior, what does the Battle of the Great Era mean?" Luo Zheng asked.
Immortal Tian Miao didn't hear Luo Zheng's question. He smiled faintly and said, "Hehe, perhaps it really is something destined by the heavens. I wanted to find a person with great destiny. I didn't expect that after waiting for more than two thousand years, I would actually find someone with the fate of the Battle of the Great Era!"
"Senior …" Luo Zheng was getting impatient. This guy was so mysterious, but Luo Zheng still didn't know what he was up to.
Unexpectedly, Immortal Heavenly Mist looked at Luo Zheng and suddenly said, "No, since you have such a fate, where is your guidance?"
Luo Zheng spread out his hands and said, "I don't know." At the same time, he cursed in his mind, "God knows what you're talking about."
The crystal ball that was protecting Immortal Heavenly Mist floated back and forth in front of Luo Zheng. It looked like a person who was pacing back and forth with his head lowered as he muttered softly, "Let me calculate, let me calculate … You have a younger sister!"
Luo Zheng rolled his eyes and nodded. "Senior's foresight is amazing."
"Your sister is your guide! Where is she right now? "Immortal Heavenmist suddenly asked.
Hearing Immortal Heavenmist's words, Luo Zheng's heart began to beat wildly. That's right, this Immortal Tomb was built by this person, and Cui Xie was still inside. If he asked this person to kill Cui Xie …
Luo Zheng had never been afraid of any challenge. Even if it was Cui Xie, Luo Zheng had never been afraid. Even if he was a Life and Death expert, Luo Zheng would always walk down the path of martial arts courageously. Whether or not he could surpass someone wasn't a problem for him at all!
However, Cui Xie had kidnapped his younger sister. Against such a person, Luo Zheng simply wouldn't defeat him fair and square. As long as he could kill Cui Xie, Luo Zheng was willing to pay any price. After all, this was the only way to save Luo Yan.
Therefore, when he laid down the Sect Protecting Formation in the Cloud Hall, he also thought about killing Cui Xie. Unfortunately, Cui Xie seemed to have some kind of instinct to avoid danger, or perhaps some kind of innate talent. In the end, all his efforts were in vain, and he failed to kill Cui Xie!
With Luo Zheng's current strength, it would take him a long time to defeat Cui Xie. During this period of time, with Cui Xie's luck, he could find an Extreme Purple Yin Body at any time. He could also obtain an opportunity or even break through at any time. At that time, whether or not the Sect Protecting Formation in the Cloud Hall could resist Cui Xie was still unknown.
If he could kill Cui Xie here, it would be the best thing. With Cui Xie's current strength, he definitely wouldn't be able to resist the powerful killing power!
Luo Zheng didn't care about the method to kill Cui Xie!
"Senior," Luo Zheng cupped his hands and said, "My younger sister's name is Luo Yan. She was kidnapped by an evil person. That evil person is in the Wheel of Fortune. Can Senior help me kill Cui Xie?" Luo Zheng stared intently at the cracked crystal ball with a burning gaze.
Immortal Heavenly Mist pondered for a moment, then replied indifferently, "Sorry, I can't do it."
"Why?" Luo Zheng asked.
"The Wheel of Fortune was something I set up two thousand years ago before I died … The first person to pass through the Wheel of Fortune will be automatically transported to this palace. The second, third, fourth … will all enter their respective channels and receive their rewards. My goal is to select the cultivator with the strongest Wheel of Fortune. I didn't think about killing anyone," Immortal Heavenly Mist explained. "The current me is already a wisp of a withered remnant soul. I'm already at death's door, and I don't have the ability to help you kill anyone. Even if that Cui Xie is only an ant in the Life and Death Realm to me."
"I understand." Luo Zheng's face flickered with disappointment.
Actually, at this moment, Immortal Heavenly Mist had lied. He could actually change the Wheel of Fortune to kill Cui Xie.
However, since Immortal Heavenly Mist was proficient in the Purple Star Astrology, he knew even more clearly that he couldn't interfere and help Luo Zheng kill Cui Xie. In his opinion, Luo Yan was Luo Zheng's guide, and also the driving force that guided Luo Zheng forward.
If Immortal Heavenly Mist destroyed this direction, then Luo Zheng would very likely be lost. This was the reason why Immortal Heavenly Mist didn't want to interfere.
Immortal Heavenly Mist thought for a moment, then said faintly, "Your opponent is a Life and Death Realm expert, and you're only at the seventh layer of the Divine Reflection Realm. It's not impossible to make up for this difference in a short period of time …"
"What method?" Luo Zheng's eyes suddenly lit up. His deep pupils seemed to twinkle with the light of stars.
Immortal Heavenly Mist pondered for a while before revealing his true goal. "On the other side of the Great Thousand Realms, there's a continent that rivals your four Divine Realms. It's a land of chaos, and in the center of that land of chaos, there's a tower buried deep underground. It's called the Tower of Sin. Climb down to the very bottom, and by the time you return, you should be able to defeat Cui Xie."
Luo Zheng curled his lips. He had thought that there would be a quick way to defeat Cui Xie, but in the end, there were no shortcuts in this world.
The situation in the Central Domain might become very delicate. Cui Xie seemed to already be gathering people and starting to build his Divine Kingdom. This time, Luo Zheng had killed another Divine Kingdom Prince. He knew very well that the Divine Kingdom Saintess wouldn't let this matter rest.
If Luo Zheng stayed in the Central Domain to cultivate, he would indeed encounter many troubles. The biggest possibility was that if he walked out of the Cloud Hall's Sect-Protecting Formation, he would be hunted down by Cui Xie. As for gaining experience in the Central Domain, it was probably impossible. He could only bitterly cultivate in the Cloud Hall.
Under these circumstances, it would be very difficult for Luo Zheng to increase his cultivation base.
In fact, when he was in the Wheel of Fate, Luo Zheng had considered whether or not he should cross the Chaotic Astral Ocean to go to Divine Kingdom. Now, it seemed that he had angered the Saintess of Divine Kingdom and killed a Divine Kingdom Prince. Moreover … the Chaotic Astral Ocean was far from something Luo Zheng could cross.
Thus, Immortal Heavenly Mist's suggestion seemed to be worth considering. The problem was …
"What is your goal? Why do you want me to go? " Luo Zheng asked straightforwardly. Immortal Heavenly Mist had built this immortal tomb and spent a lot of effort to use the Wheel of Fate to find him. Luo Zheng didn't believe that Immortal Heavenly Mist didn't have a goal.
Immortal Heavenly Mist suddenly said righteously, "There is a huge secret hidden under the Tower of Sin. I need you to accept the inheritance in that secret."
"Why didn't you go back then?" Luo Zheng asked curiously.
Immortal Heavenly Mist let out a long sigh. "I can't go to that place … As for why, you will know when you go."
After saying this, the huge coffin behind Immortal Heavenly Mist suddenly shook. Soon after, the huge lid of the coffin slowly opened. Immortal Heavenly Mist then said, "This is the reward I plan to give to those who pass the Wheel of Fate. You are first, so you can freely choose the reward you want. En, as for the rewards for the people behind you, I'll let you distribute them."
Seeing the dazzling array of treasures in the coffin, Luo Zheng's eyes flashed. "Let me distribute them?"
＝＝＝＝＝

Chapter 541
Luo Zheng had originally thought that the coffin contained Immortal Heavenmist's remains. He hadn't expected that the coffin would actually contain a dazzling array of treasures. Moreover, they were being used as a reward ….
Just thinking about it made him feel a bit strange.
Since the Heavenmist Immortal Tomb had been set up to lure the cultivators of the Central Domain here, the tomb should have realized that the people who had entered the tomb were actually tomb raiders. Of course, that included Luo Zheng himself.
He didn't know what Immortal Heavenmist was thinking. Instead of directly killing these tomb raiders, he actually let them pass through the selection process of the Wheel of Fortune and even let them be rewarded.
"Why should I give them rewards? They all came here with the intention of raiding the tomb, "Luo Zheng said, not thinking otherwise.
Immortal Heavenmist said indifferently, "I mainly cultivate karma. I only know how to plant good karma and reap good karma. I lured them here, and some even died in the Wheel of Fortune. This bit of compensation is only right …."
Hearing Immortal Heavenmist's righteous words, Luo Zheng didn't think much of it. Since he mainly cultivated karma, then being killed because they raided the tomb was also a type of karma. However, since Immortal Heavenmist had decided on something, Luo Zheng didn't interfere. Instead, he walked towards the huge coffin.
Luo Zheng then saw several pieces of jade bone. Luo Zheng stared at the bone, then at the crystal ball.
"These aren't my bones. They're the jade bones of a divine beast …." Immortal Heavenmist knew what Luo Zheng was puzzled about.
Luo Zheng nodded. This Heavenmist Immortal Tomb wasn't his tomb. No matter how much he believed in karma, he couldn't give away his own bones as a gift.
As a reward, Luo Zheng didn't hesitate to choose the jade bones of a divine beast.
His most important goal in entering the tomb this time was to obtain the jade bones of an immortal and find a way to open his eighth dao platform. Now, it seemed that he couldn't obtain the jade bones of an immortal, but the jade bones of a divine beast shouldn't be too much of a problem, right?
As for the remaining treasures in the coffin, Luo Zheng identified them one by one, then asked, "How do I give them out?"
"There's a passageway on the side wall. When they pass through the Wheel of Karmic Luck, you can send them out. Someone is about to pass through. Hurry up," Immortal Heavenmist urged.
After Luo Zheng went around the coffin, he saw a light screen appear. This thing was similar to the letter tablets in the Central Domain. It could see the situation of the Wheel of Fortune. Beside this light screen was a small teleportation array. The treasures should be distributed through this array.
Seeing the situation in the abyss, Luo Zheng was taken aback.
Just now, when Luo Zheng passed the Wheel of Fortune, Ning Yudie was ranked second. But now, Ning Yudie was still in the same place. On the contrary, Cui Xie and the Saintess had caught up. At this moment, Cui Xie was very close to the finish line. It seemed that he was about to pass the test.
What reward should he give him?
Luo Zheng looked at the coffin with a gloomy face. Everything in the coffin was very valuable. There seemed to be a Saint-grade short sword.
Luo Zheng naturally couldn't give Cui Xie a Saint-grade short sword. After he picked up the short sword, he secretly stuffed it into his spatial ring. Then, he took out a low-grade profound artifact. Yes, this low-grade profound artifact was collected in the Central Domain in order to refine the Heaven's Divination Essence. At that time, he had used a top-grade true essence stone to collect almost all the low-grade profound artifacts in Apocalypse City.
At this moment, Luo Zheng noticed that Cui Xie's die showed a four. It seemed that Cui Xie had passed the Wheel of Fortune.
So, Luo Zheng casually threw the low-grade profound artifact short sword into the small teleportation array.
"Buzz buzz buzz!"
The short sword disappeared the moment it was thrown in.
Cui Xie's face was filled with a trace of pride. Although Luo Zheng had taken the lead and passed the Wheel of Fortune, it meant that Luo Zheng's fortune was indeed stronger than his. However, Cui Xie's fortune was not bad either. No one in the Central Domain could surpass him. As for Luo Zheng … he was not a threat to Cui Xie at this stage, but he would eliminate Luo Zheng sooner or later.
When he passed through the last disc and continued to teleport, he arrived at a corridor. There was a teleportation array at the corner of the corridor, and a treasure was placed on top of it.
"A reward?" Cui Xie's eyes flashed. He quickly walked forward and threw a short sword there.
"A low-grade profound artifact? What the hell is this? " Cui Xie's eyes almost popped out. Any random reward in the Wheel of Fortune was tens of millions of times better than this. This low-grade profound artifact … was simply trash to Cui Xie. How could such a thing appear in a dignified Immortal's Tomb?
Cui Xie did not know whether to laugh or cry. The expression on his face could not be described with words.
Luo Zheng stared at Cui Xie's expression on the hologram and sneered, "Robbing a tomb and expecting a reward? A profound artifact is already generous to you!"
Cui Xie probably felt that there was something mysterious about this profound artifact. He actually put it away and left the corridor. However, from his back view, it could be seen that Cui Xie was very disappointed.
Not far away, the wisp of remnant soul of Immortal Tian Miao saw this scene and did not know whether to laugh or cry. However, Luo Zheng was the person he had been waiting for. His last wish might be entrusted to this young man. Let him be …
Next, the third person to pass through the Wheel of Fortune was Xiao Die!
Every time they passed through the Wheel of Fortune, they would be sent back to the corridor. Therefore, Ning Yudie and Cui Xie would not meet.
"Netherworld Lantern Grass, Life-Death Flower, Sacred Artifact Sword, Dragon Cloud Immortal Root …"
Seeing that Immortal Tian Miao did not stop him, Luo Zheng threw down almost half of the coffin's contents.
"Hualala …"
After Ning Yudie passed the test, she walked through the corridor that she came from. She did not expect that she would suddenly hear the sound of something collapsing in front of her.
She turned a corner and was immediately frightened by the scene in front of her.
"So many treasures?" Ning Yudie was somewhat stunned.
"Life-Death Flower! There are Life-Death Flowers, and there are four of them! "The Life-Death Flower was the most important to Ning Yudie. It was also her biggest goal in this trip to the Immortal's Tomb!
"Sacred Artifact …"
"…"
The messy treasures in front of her piled up into a small mountain. The value of each item was no less than a low-grade sacred artifact. Ning Yudie almost did not hesitate. She stretched out her hand and put all these things into her Sumeru Ring. Only then did she leave with satisfaction.
Seeing Ning Yudie's satisfied appearance, Luo Zheng smiled slightly. He felt that he should greet Ning Yudie, but he suddenly did not want to say anything. He felt a little melancholy in his heart. He did not know how long it would take for him to return from this trip.
Three years? Or five years?
Luo Zheng gave him such a long time. He was not at ease with Luo Yan. However, if he wanted to grow to the level where he could contend with Cui Xie, he would not succeed in a day or two!
Next, the fourth person to pass the Wheel of Destiny appeared. This was the Saintess of Divine Kingdom. Seeing the Saintess of Divine Kingdom, Luo Zheng curled his lips. This woman had almost erased him! Therefore, Luo Zheng took out a low-grade profound artifact. It was a sledgehammer!
After throwing the sledgehammer into the transmission array, he immediately appeared in the corridor.
The Saintess of Divine Kingdom had a gloomy expression. How could she be happy about the death of the Divine Kingdom Prince? At the end of the corridor, she saw the sledgehammer.
"Profound artifact?"
Since she could remember, she had never seen such a low-grade artifact!
"What bullshit Immortal!"
The Saintess of Divine Kingdom seemed to want to vent her displeasure. She grabbed the sledgehammer and smashed it against the wall of the corridor. The wall was fine, but the sledgehammer broke into several pieces. This Saintess' temper was obviously not good …
Being scolded for no reason, Immortal Heavenly Mist felt very helpless. However, at this time, he was too lazy to care. He would let Luo Zheng deal with it himself.
Next, Luo Zheng threw down some junk for the martial artists of the other sects. If it was someone from the Cloud Hall, Luo Zheng would choose some good treasures to throw down, such as Grandma Yu, Daoist Master Dameng, and the others. As for Mister Zhuo, he was lucky to not die in the Wheel of Destiny. Luo Zheng threw down a low-grade profound artifact as usual … In any case, everything depended on Luo Zheng's mood. As for whether everyone was happy or not, it had nothing to do with him.
There were fewer and fewer people in the Wheel of Destiny. Everyone returned to the outside of the Immortal Tomb through the corridor, waiting for their companions to enter the space channel again.
Luo Zheng kept looking at Ning Yudie's figure through the light screen. She seemed to be looking for him. Luo Zheng wanted to burn a Sound Transmitting Talisman, but in the end, he restrained himself. He only whispered to Xiao Die's figure on the light screen, "Wait for me."

Chapter 542
After everyone left, the Heavenly Mist Immortal Tomb slowly quieted down.
In the immortal tomb, a huge wall slowly moved aside. Smoke and dust rose into the air, then slowly spread out, revealing a huge teleportation array.
This transfer array was ten times larger than any transfer array Luo Zheng had ever seen.
After the transfer array slowly opened, Luo Zheng didn't hesitate and strode in.
At this moment, there were two tokens in Luo Zheng's spatial ring. The "Zhen" token in the Immortal Mansion could open the true path to the Immortal Mansion. Luo Zheng couldn't use it for the time being. Perhaps he would have to wait until Luo Zheng returned to the Eastern Domain before he could use it.
In addition, the remaining treasures in the huge coffin had been plundered clean by Luo Zheng.
The most important thing was the jade butterfly that Immortal Heavenly Mist had given to Luo Zheng. Up until now, Immortal Heavenly Mist's words had been somewhat vague. On one hand, he had told Luo Zheng that the inheritance at the bottom of the Tower of Sin was extremely important. It was even related to the rise and fall of the entire human race. On the other hand, he had refused to tell him what it was.
He only wanted Luo Zheng to understand that after entering the bottom of the Tower of Sin, there was a certain chance of opening the inheritance with the jade butterfly. However, that place was also extremely dangerous. Therefore, he had chosen someone with great luck to enter.
People with great luck had very tough lives. It was very difficult for them to die!
In fact, Luo Zheng had encountered danger everywhere. Being able to escape from a near-death situation was proof of his tough life.
"I've already told you everything I needed to tell you. Although you have the fate of a Battle of the Worlds, it doesn't mean that you won't die. It's just that it will be very difficult for you to die. In history, there have been martial artists with the fate of a Battle of the Worlds that have died. Therefore, you need to be careful. Everything will depend on your luck," Immortal Heavenly Mist said indifferently.
Luo Zheng nodded heavily.
His life decided not only his own fate, but also the fate of the entire Cloud Hall and Luo Yan.
Although Cui Xie couldn't break the Cloud Hall's barrier, it didn't mean that it couldn't be broken in the future. If Cui Xie found another warrior with the Extreme Violet Yin Body, the situation in the Central Domain would change dramatically. Moreover, Luo Zheng had a hunch that the Saintess of the Divine Kingdom wouldn't give up so easily.
Therefore, Luo Zheng's situation was not only critical, but also urgent!
"Are you ready?" Immortal Heavenmist asked.
"Yes." Luo Zheng confirmed again.
Then, rays of blazing white light poured down like mercury, flowing along the huge teleportation array, outlining a huge pattern. When those rays of light occupied the entire teleportation array, an intense radiance suddenly erupted!
"Huff huff huff …"
Luo Zheng felt a powerful force pulling on his body. It was as if a giant's hand had grabbed Luo Zheng and thrown him into the huge teleportation array above.
At this moment, Luo Zheng was surrounded by a dazzling blue light. This teleportation array was many times larger than the ones Luo Zheng had seen before. He was shuttling through the array at an extremely fast speed.
"It's a spatial storm again!"
Long-distance teleportation arrays would often have unstable areas. It was in these weak areas that violent spatial storms would occur.
The first time Luo Zheng encountered a spatial storm, he hid behind Shi Jingtian and comprehended a trace of the Law of Space.
Now, Luo Zheng naturally wasn't afraid of an ordinary spatial storm. His figure flashed, and he dove into the array like a nimble fish. These azure spatial storms didn't affect Luo Zheng at all.
The spatial storm in front of him was incomparably huge. Luo Zheng dove in and out of the ocean-like spatial storm with incomparable ease, feeling the Law of Space within.
Luo Zheng had comprehended the first layer of the Law of Space, but he could only cross short distances. The furthest he could go was about ten feet. If he wanted to go any further, he would need to comprehend the second layer of the Law of Space.
Originally, Luo Zheng wanted to comprehend the Law of Space in the second layer of the spatial storm. However, after entering the interior of the spatial storm, he discovered that the blue spatial storm was basically formed from the first layer of the Law of Space.
Luo Zheng couldn't help but feel disappointed that he couldn't comprehend the Law of Space. After wandering around for a while, Luo Zheng could only exit the blue spatial storm.
However, just as Luo Zheng emerged from the azure spatial storm, he was greeted by a large purple spatial storm!
"This is …"
The purple spatial storm contained veined patterns. The Law of Space contained within it was far beyond Luo Zheng's imagination. Seeing this scene, Luo Zheng's heart suddenly tightened. Before he could avoid it, he was pulled into the purple spatial storm.
"Crackle, crackle …"
The spatial storm emitted a terrifying power that tore at Luo Zheng's body.
"Pfff!"
Luo Zheng spat out a mouthful of blood. The layers of blood were instantly crushed by the purple spatial storm.
No matter how Luo Zheng struggled, his body was still bound by the purple spatial storm.
If his body hadn't attained the high-grade Immortal Rank, then he would have probably been torn into pieces by the spatial storm. But even if his body was barely able to resist the tearing of the spatial energy, it was still difficult to endure. As he slammed into the spatial storm, the injuries within his body grew more and more severe!
"Which layer of spatial storm is this? How can it be so powerful? " Luo Zheng's heart was also very tangled. He didn't expect to encounter such a powerful spatial storm in a transmission channel.
In this powerful spatial power, Luo Zheng finally slowly lost consciousness. His tough body quietly flowed along with the spatial storm …
An unknown amount of time passed.
On a continent extremely far away from the Tian Bei Territory, a huge vortex suddenly appeared in the sky. Rumbling sounds were constantly transmitted from the vortex. The birds and beasts hiding in the forest were constantly fleeing in all directions. They seemed to be extremely frightened by this strange phenomenon.
"Bang!"
A figure shot out from the vortex and fell heavily to the ground.
When the figure hit the ground, a violent smoke and dust suddenly rose. At the same time, a large pit was formed on the ground.
Luo Zheng lay motionless in the large pit. His eyes stared blankly at the sky.
That purple spatial storm was so powerful that even his high-grade Immortal Step body couldn't resist it!
Although Luo Zheng successfully passed through the spatial channel, his body was still seriously damaged. At this moment, he couldn't move at all. He could only open his eyes and stare blankly at the chaotic clouds formed by the spatial channel that was gradually dissipating in the sky …
"That's terrible …" Luo Zheng thought to himself.
Lying in the large pit, Luo Zheng's line of sight was extremely narrow. He didn't even know where he was.
About two hours later, a small head suddenly poked out of the pit.
It was a little boy of eight or nine years old. The little boy looked strong and strong, but his eyes were very spirited.
Luo Zheng wanted to open his mouth to speak, but found that he couldn't even make a sound. As for circulating his True Essence, it was even more impossible.
"Ah Lian, look!" The little boy looked at Luo Zheng. There wasn't the slightest trace of fear in his eyes. It seemed that he was calling someone.
After a while, not far from the large pit, another eight or nine years old girl poked her head out. Her big eyes blinked twice, and her face showed a frightened expression. "He's still alive. I'm going to tell my father."
"Shh!" The little boy stared at Luo Zheng and said, "Don't tell your father. I'll give you something!"
The little girl asked curiously, "What is it?"
The little boy suddenly slid down from the edge of the large pit. He was very agile. After sliding to Luo Zheng's side, he stretched out his hand and took off a ring from Luo Zheng's chest.
Luo Zheng's eyes suddenly turned cold.
That ring was Ning Yudie's Sumeru Ring. Not to mention that it contained almost all of Luo Zheng's wealth, the ring itself was very important to Luo Zheng.
The problem was that Luo Zheng couldn't move right now. Even a child of a few years old couldn't resist. He could only watch the little boy climb up.
"It's for you," the little boy said with a smile.
"No! You stole other people's things! I'm going to tell your father! "Seeing this, the little girl got angry.
"How can you be like this? If you don't want it, then forget it!" The little boy said angrily. Then he turned his head and left the edge of the large pit.
Then the little girl followed him. Luo Zheng, who was lying in the large pit, heard the little girl say, "If you don't give it back, I'll tell your father!"

Chapter 543
As the voices of the two children faded away, the surroundings became silent again. Luo Zheng didn't even have time to observe the surrounding scenery, let alone know where he was.
Luo Zheng was not very nervous about losing the Sumeru Ring. The Sumeru Ring had Luo Zheng's imprint, so ordinary people couldn't open it at all.
The two children just now should be the children of ordinary people, so there shouldn't be any powerful warriors in their families.
Now Luo Zheng's biggest problem was to recover his body. At the very least, he could move.
As time passed, the sky gradually darkened, and the surroundings were dark, immersed in the darkness.
After an unknown period of time, Luo Zheng suddenly heard footsteps. In addition to the footsteps, he also heard voices.
"Is this the place?"
"Yes, father!"
"Quick, let's go and have a look, but be careful."
Then Luo Zheng saw yellow flames appear at the edge of the big pit. He saw several burning torches and several middle-aged men.
"They are ordinary people," Luo Zheng thought indifferently.
One of them stuck his head out and asked, "Who are you?"
Luo Zheng blinked his eyes. How could he answer the question?
"Let's get him out first," another man said.
Then two middle-aged men climbed down along the edge of the big pit. One of them tied a rope to Luo Zheng's body, pulled the rope and shouted, "Pull!"
But the rope didn't move an inch.
"Why is he so heavy?" someone said in surprise.
Although Luo Zheng was eight feet tall, he wasn't tall and sturdy. According to their estimation, he was only a little more than 100 jin. There were four adults pulling the rope, but they couldn't pull Luo Zheng at all.
What they didn't know was that Luo Zheng's body had been tempered. In addition, he had an immortal tool body. Whether it was the density of his flesh or bones, it was far higher than that of ordinary people. Naturally, he was much heavier than ordinary people.
In fact, during the process of cultivation, a martial artist's weight would constantly increase. Otherwise, their body would not be able to bear the weight of several million jin. Luo Zheng's body was much heavier than an ordinary martial artist's.
These people really knew how to think of a way. After a while, Luo Zheng heard someone suddenly lashing out with a whip, followed by the sound of horse hooves. The rope finally pulled Luo Zheng out of the pit.
The surroundings were pitch black, but the darkness wasn't a hindrance to Luo Zheng. After being cleansed by the tree sap, Luo Zheng's eyes could easily overcome the obstruction of the darkness.
Unfortunately, Luo Zheng was unable to move freely. He could only allow these people to place him on a handcart. Then, he heard four horses pulling him forward, swaying in front of him ….
After a while, Luo Zheng saw a group of tents from the corner of his eyes. They were built along a huge grassland. It was not a small tribe.
Luo Zheng felt a little relieved. It seemed that this was a settlement of a group of nomads.
"Friend, you can rest here." A middle-aged man bowed his head and said to Luo Zheng, "My son took this ring from you. I should return it to you." After saying this, the middle-aged man waved the sumeru ring in front of Luo Zheng. Then, he pulled the little boy in front of Luo Zheng and held the little boy's hand. "As for my son's theft, I have already taught him a lesson. Quickly apologize to this uncle."
"So, so sorry …" The little boy seemed to have cried for a long time. His voice was a little hoarse.
Luo Zheng saw purple bloodstains on the little boy's hand. In fact, Luo Zheng wanted to say that they didn't have to do this.
Unfortunately, Luo Zheng couldn't make a sound … It was a little troublesome!
When those people walked out of the tent, only Luo Zheng was left lying on the bed alone.
For the whole night, Luo Zheng silently operated his True Essence.
In order to resist the purple space storm, Luo Zheng used up all the True Essence in his body. Now, he could only condense the essence of the world bit by bit.
Fortunately, his Dantian could operate. As the True Essence condensed little by little, it was like a purple mist slowly rotating in Luo Zheng's Dantian. Then, it followed the meridians in his body.
In the process of transmigration, Luo Zheng had been sucked into the purple spatial storm. A large amount of spatial energy had penetrated Luo Zheng's body. Even now, it was still lingering in Luo Zheng's eight extraordinary meridians.
If he was an ordinary warrior, he would be a waste.
However, Luo Zheng's physique was special. Although the meridians in his body were completely blocked by the space power, the inside of his body was not damaged. He only needed to clear the space power little by little.
However, clearing the space power was not an easy task. It required Luo Zheng to use a certain cultivation method.
After one night, Luo Zheng eliminated the space power in his entire spine. Although he still couldn't move his body, at least he could move his neck and speak.
Early in the morning, the tent was opened. It was the little girl who handed him a pancake and a bag of water.
Just as the little girl was about to feed the pancake to Luo Zheng, Luo Zheng suddenly opened his mouth and said with a smile, "What's your name?"
The little girl stared at Luo Zheng with her watery eyes. After being stunned for a while, she shouted outside, "Father, that strange man can speak!"
"Strange man?" Luo Zheng's face showed an expression of not knowing whether to laugh or cry.
As soon as the little girl's voice fell, the tent was opened again. It was the middle-aged man who saved his life yesterday.
"Young man, you're awake?" The middle-aged man in the lead asked.
"Where is this place?" Luo Zheng asked curiously.
Hearing Luo Zheng's question, the middle-aged man also showed a strange expression. He asked in bewilderment, "This is the Demon Race's ranch. Don't you know?"
"Demon Race's ranch?" Luo Zheng's face showed a suspicious expression. "What do you mean?"
The middle-aged man showed a helpless smile. "A ranch is a ranch. What other meaning could it have?"
Luo Zheng's expression became even more suspicious.
Since this was the Demon Race's ranch, why were there human herdsmen?
Although the Demon Race was much better than the Yao Race, which was a pure beast race, and the Demon Race had their own language and cultural heritage, in the end, they were still a different race. How could they coexist peacefully with humans?
Moreover, according to Immortal Tian Miao, this continent was a chaotic world. It was even more impossible for such a thing to happen.
At this time, Luo Zheng suddenly heard a shout from outside. "Sir Demon Envoy is here! Sir Demon Envoy is here. Every family, young and old, come out! "
The middle-aged man nodded to Luo Zheng and said, "Excuse me. Sir Demon Envoy has come to the ranch to pick people. According to the rules, we should all go out."
The tent's curtains were still open, so Luo Zheng could see the outside when he turned his head. He saw seven to eight hundred people standing together neatly on a field not far away. There were old, young, women, and children.
In front of these people, there were two tall Demon Race people. Their whole bodies were ash-brown, and they were about three meters tall. Two long fangs protruded from their mouths. These were the Sir Demon Envoys they were talking about.
Luo Zheng had seen a Demon Tribesman before. During the Trial of Blood and Fire, the Level 5 Phantom Beast that Luo Zheng had killed was a Demon Tribesman.
The two Sir Demon Envoys swayed left and right, then said in a thick voice, "Today is the birth of our Governor. We want to hold a big banquet. We want five people!"
The middle-aged man's face showed an awkward expression. "This, isn't five people a bit too much?"
"There's no room for discussion! Young ones, you, you, and you … Well, that little girl is not bad. Fresh and delicious! Bring her along as well! "That Lord Demon Envoy pointed with his hand.
When the middle-aged man heard the Sir Demon Envoy's words, his expression became even more awkward. "Sir Demon Envoy! This won't do! The Governor said that he doesn't want little girls. He doesn't want any before the age of fourteen! "
"Who cares about you? Today, the Governor is happy. He wants to eat two mouthfuls of the tender ones! Haha! "As he spoke, the Lord Demon Envoy threw out a rope and wrapped it around them.
The little girl wanted to escape, but how could she escape from the Sir Demon Envoy's rope? In an instant, she was tied up tightly.
Seeing this scene, Luo Zheng's eyes suddenly narrowed. His eyes revealed a trace of killing intent. He now understood that this was indeed the Demon Race's ranch. However, the grazers were not humans. Humans were just animals on the ranch.
＝＝＝＝＝

Chapter 544
In the pastures of humans, cattle and sheep were animals. Cattle and sheep were raised in the pastures, and only when they grew fat would they be slaughtered for food.
In the pastures of the demon race, humans were animals. They were raised in the pastures, and only when they grew fat would they be slaughtered.
Immortal Tian Miao had once said that this continent was incomparably chaotic, and that humans were not the rulers of this continent. At this moment, Luo Zheng finally understood how weak the humans were in this continent.
"Cough cough!"
Luo Zheng suddenly coughed.
The two demon envoys had very sharp ears. Turning their heads, they saw that there were other people in the tent not far away.
"How come there is still a human who hasn't come? Didn't I tell you to stay together? "The demon envoys asked in surprise.
The middle-aged man replied, "Demon Envoys, that is an outsider."
"An outsider? From another pasture? "One of the demon envoys took large strides towards Luo Zheng.
Lying on the mattress, Luo Zheng was unable to move, but his eyes were coldly staring at that demon. Traces of killing intent were constantly brewing in his eyes.
In the Central Domain, it was almost the world of humans. Luo Zheng had always fought with humans, but in this continent, Luo Zheng suddenly had a great sense of identity with the human race. This was the true interpretation of the saying 'those who are not of our race must have a different heart'.
"Well, this kid seems to be seriously injured. Today, count him in." The demon envoys threw away Luo Zheng's tent, then took out a rope and threw it towards Luo Zheng's head.
Just as the rope was thrown, Luo Zheng's soul suddenly shot out from his mind. In a flash, it penetrated into the demon envoys mind and tore apart his soul, twisting his mind to pieces.
Everyone saw the demon envoys holding the rope in his hand. Suddenly, his whole body shook, and then he stood there in a daze, motionless.
The demon's back was facing them. In fact, brown blood was already flowing out of the demon's eyes. This demon was already dead.
A gentle breeze blew past, and the Demon Race being was sent flying backward. With a thump, his tall body crashed heavily onto the ground.
When the other Lord Demon Envoy saw this, he was shocked. "What's going on?"
The humans also looked at each other, not knowing what had happened. Why was the Lord Demon Envoy lying on the ground?
The remaining Demon Envoy pulled out a three meter long spear and walked towards Luo Zheng. His face was full of vigilance. When he saw that his companion on the ground was dead, he pointed his spear at Luo Zheng and asked, "Human, what happened?"
Luo Zheng's face revealed a touch of sarcasm. He replied indifferently, "I killed him."
"You killed him?" The Demon Envoy's face was full of disbelief.
This human looked so weak, how could he kill a demon?
Demons were naturally stronger than humans. Even in their infancy, they could easily tear humans to shreds. In the eyes of these demons, humans were indeed no different from docile sheep. The only difference was that sheep couldn't speak.
"Whether you believe me or not, it doesn't matter to me. You can also die." Luo Zheng's eyes flashed, and his soul left his body again, instantly strangling the soul of the Lord Demon Envoy.
"Thump." The Lord Demon Envoy also fell to the ground.
Looking at the two corpses not far away from him, Luo Zheng frowned. Not far away, the seven or eight hundred people were all trembling.
The middle-aged man in the lead gathered his courage and walked over. Looking at the two Lord Demon Envoys lying on the ground, he said with a trembling voice, "I saved you, why did you kill them?"
Luo Zheng frowned, "They wanted to eat you, they wanted to eat me, so naturally they deserved to die."
"This, how did they deserve to die? The Demon Race gave us this large pasture, so we should also offer ourselves to them. "The middle-aged man said seriously.
Hearing this, Luo Zheng was speechless.
Being a human being, it was better to be reincarnated as a pig. If not for the fact that Luo Zheng was too lazy to kill the innocent, he would have had the impulse to kill this guy.
"Yes, yes, the Demon Race is good to us. In the dead of winter, they even send us food. How can we disobey them?"
"If we kill the two Lord Demon Envoys, I'm afraid all of us will die!"
"Clearly, only five people need to die, but now several hundred will die. What should we do?"
These people seemed to agree with the middle-aged man's point of view.
Luo Zheng's frown deepened. These people had been raised in captivity for a long time, and seemed to really think of themselves as livestock of the Demon Race. The problem was that livestock didn't have brains. Could it be that these people also didn't have brains?
Looking at these people's helplessness, Luo Zheng simply closed his eyes. It was better to focus on opening his meridians.
Unexpectedly, at this time, a person suddenly came out and said, "Father, I also think he's right. Why should we give them food? Just because this pasture belongs to the Demon Race? "
Hearing this voice, Luo Zheng opened his eyes. He saw a teenager standing in front of the middle-aged man, holding a sharpened wooden stick.
"What do you know? Our ancestors have lived here for generations. Every year, we only need to contribute a few people, and our community can live very well. If we don't give them food, how can our tribe survive? " The middle-aged man lectured. Looking at the Demon Race people lying on the ground, he began to sigh, "Now that two Demon Race people have died, I'm afraid they will kill all of us …"
"Don't tell me you didn't think of resisting?" The teenager's eyes were full of anger.
"Resist? Resist the Demon Race? "The middle-aged man stared," Isn't that just death? "
"Either way, we will die. Why should we be lambs waiting to be slaughtered?" The teenager said stubbornly.
Hearing the teenager's words, Luo Zheng was slightly relieved. It turned out that not all humans were like this.
These humans should be food raised in captivity by the Demon Race people, but after all, humans were intelligent creatures. It was impossible for them to be like cattle and sheep, who only knew how to struggle after a knife was placed on their necks. After a long time, there would always be people who had a rebellious heart.
Unfortunately, the strength of these humans was too weak …
"Teenager, what's your name?" Luo Zheng suddenly asked.
"My name is Tutu Lu!" The teenager replied. Probably because he had seen Luo Zheng kill two Demon Envoys in the blink of an eye, the teenager was very respectful towards Luo Zheng.
"I will teach you how to resist," Luo Zheng said indifferently.
"Really?" Tutu Lu's face revealed a look of expectation, "You will teach me that … demonic technique?"
Probably because he saw Luo Zheng kill two Demon Race people without lifting a finger, he thought that Luo Zheng had used some kind of demonic technique.
Luo Zheng said indifferently, "No, this is not demonic technique, this is strength. Will these Demon Race people come again?"
"Yes, they will!" Tutu Lu replied.
"Very good, you just watch from the side," Luo Zheng ordered.
As for the other people, they also didn't know what to do. Their ancestors had lived in this ranch for generations, and being eaten by the Demon Race people was almost the end of their lives. Although there were some people in the tribe who wanted to resist, they simply couldn't resist the Demon Race people. Those people generally died faster.
After discussing back and forth, they couldn't come up with a solution. Eventually, they gave up and ignored Luo Zheng.
On the other hand, the teenager named Tutu Lu held a sharp wooden stick in his hand and guarded Luo Zheng.
During this time, Luo Zheng was constantly expelling the power of space in his body.
Several hours later, Luo Zheng felt a tremor coming from the ground. He raised his head slightly and saw a group of Demon Race people riding tall horses rushing over! Those tall horses were almost two zhang tall, and their eyes were red. Obviously, they were not ordinary horses.
"What's going on? Where's the leader here? " It was a group of Demon Race people. There were about ten of them. The leader was wearing a heavy helmet and had spikes on his shoulders. He looked very mighty.
"No need to look for the leader. I killed these two wastes," Luo Zheng said indifferently.
"You!" The leader of the Demon Race people dismounted from his horse and looked at the two Demon corpses in front of Luo Zheng. His ugly face showed a strange expression. "You killed Geng and Jin Si?"
Tutu Lu stood behind Luo Zheng, holding a sharp wooden stick in his hand. His face was full of vigilance.
"Yes," Luo Zheng nodded lightly. In fact, the only part of his body that could move was his head.
"Haha, these humans dare to resist. This is interesting. Take him back!" The leader of the Demon Race people waved his hand and said.

Chapter 545
In the eyes of the demons, humans were indeed no different from cattle, sheep, and other animals. The only difference was that the meat of humans was more tender, and their reproduction cycle was too long, so it was more troublesome to raise them.
Therefore, the demons generally didn't slaughter humans. Only during grand festivals would they slaughter a part of them to celebrate.
Every time the demons held a festival, it was also the doomsday of the humans in the ranch. At that time, they would often slaughter a dozen people.
Occasionally, there would be humans who would resist, but that kind of resistance was nothing more than a symbolic resistance. It could also be called a desperate near-death resistance. This kind of humans, on the contrary, provoked the demons even more, and often caused them to die even more miserably!
Luo Zheng's eyes were still as calm as water.
In the eyes of the demons, Luo Zheng was just a sheep that could bite people.
But in the eyes of Luo Zheng, these ten feet tall demons were just like ants.
As these demons approached step by step, the young man called Tutulu at his side clenched the wooden stick in his hand. His excessive nervousness made him constantly tremble. Tutulu had the courage to resist in the bones of humans, but he didn't have the strength.
When the demons approached, Luo Zheng's eyes flickered slightly, and the soul in his mind directly left his body. Then, the soul turned into a curved blade and swept across.
Without a sound, his soul had already entered the minds of many Demon Clansmen, shattering their souls into pieces.
"Plop, plop, plop … …"
The bodies of these demons suddenly shook, and then their bodies stiffened, and they fell to the ground.
In an instant, these demons were exterminated. Luo Zheng's expression didn't change in the slightest. He raised his head and glanced at the leader of the demons in the distance, and then closed his cold eyes.
But Tutulu, who was beside Luo Zheng, was different.
Tutulu was very close to Luo Zheng. Facing six or seven demons, he was already prepared to die. In his little mind, it was better to fight to the death with the demons than to be eaten by them!
But the scene just now … …
The young man beside him, with just a glance, killed these demons in the blink of an eye!
This was the means of a god! This immobile young man must be a god sent by the heavens!
Tutulu's chest heaved up and down. He was extremely excited. What kind of honor was it to be able to stand beside God?
Luo Zheng didn't know why Tuturu was so excited. What he needed to do now was to focus on expelling the troublesome Space Force in his body, or at least let his body move.
According to Immortal Tian Miao, this continent was also a main continent. It was definitely much larger than the Central Domain and should be comparable to the continents where the four Divine Kingdoms were located. Naturally, there would be Demon Race experts there. Before those Demon Race experts arrived, Luo Zheng had to restore his body to its peak state.
Not far away, the leader of the Demon Clan stared blankly at Luo Zheng. For the first time, it felt fear. This kind of fear was very strange to it. Why would a human be afraid of a sheep?
However, in the face of a sheep that could kill a group of people with a single glance, even a normal person would be afraid. This was probably how the demon leader felt at this moment.
"Demon, demon …"
The leader of the Demon Race mounted his horse and fled as fast as he could.
It was a bit regretful. Luo Zheng originally planned to deal with the leader of the Demon Clan as well. Unfortunately, it was too far away from him and he couldn't move his body, so he couldn't kill it.
Forget it, I'd better be able to move as soon as possible.
After expelling the Space Force in his spine, Luo Zheng started expelling the Space Force in his legs. Being unable to move was a big problem for Luo Zheng, but it was also a problem that needed to be solved first.
Right at this moment, Tutulu suddenly knelt down in front of him.
Those people who kept coming out of the tents also knelt down in front of Luo Zheng.
Being able to kill these demons in an instant, to these humans who grew up in captivity, he was already a god-like existence. Perhaps in their minds, Luo Zheng was already a god.
No one was willing to be eaten by others. Perhaps giving up a few people in their clan every year in exchange for the continuation of their clan was also a kind of instinct.
But Luo Zheng's strength made them see the light of dawn …
Perhaps, Luo Zheng was a god sent down by the Heavens to save them.
Luo Zheng didn't pay attention to them. In fact, he didn't have much time. He was very clear that the opponents he would face would become stronger and stronger, so he had to recover as soon as possible!
Two hours later, his legs finally regained feeling. Luo Zheng turned over slightly, no longer lying on the ground, but sitting upright.
Two hours later, his hands also regained feeling. At the same time, Luo Zheng took out a medicinal pill from the sumeru ring on his chest and swallowed it. When passing through the purple space storm, in addition to leaving a lot of Space Force in his body, there were also many internal injuries.
Three hours later …
Luo Zheng saw a black line appear on the distant grassland.
He squinted slightly and recognized that those black lines were countless demons swarming over.
"Over a thousand demons?" Luo Zheng faintly narrowed his eyes.
Although Luo Zheng walked the path of the Sword of Slaughter, he hadn't killed too many people so far. The people he had killed were usually people who deserved to die.
In Luo Zheng's eyes, the demons in front of him were different races.
"Since you all want to die, then turn into my infernal energy," Luo Zheng faintly said.
When the humans saw this scene, they fled behind Luo Zheng, looking at Luo Zheng from afar.
Although they believed that Luo Zheng was a god, could he defeat so many demons by himself? These people weren't too sure in their hearts, but God created miracles. In their ignorant hearts, there was still intense anticipation.
"Ha!" Among the demons, there was a demon wearing a golden helmet and golden armor. He suddenly let out a roar, and then all the demons reined in their tall horses, looking at Luo Zheng from 200 feet away.
"Human, you come from the Purple Heart Holy Land?" The leader of the demons asked in a gloomy tone.
Purple Heart Holy Land? Luo Zheng's eyebrows rose. There was a Holy Land on this continent? And from the tone of this demon, it seemed to be a Holy Land established by humans. Perhaps … the status of humans on this continent wasn't as low as Luo Zheng imagined.
Luo Zheng faintly shook his head, his face silent, "You don't need to know where I come from."
"Haha, I have no interest in knowing where you come from. Since you're not from the Purple Heart Holy Land, I have no scruples! A little seventh step warrior actually sneaked into the Ranch to kill my people. You're really tired of living! "After the leader finished speaking, he waved his hand, and over a thousand demons rushed towards Luo Zheng in a row!
Seventh step warrior?
Luo Zheng's gaze slightly narrowed. Only then did he understand that the seventh step warrior referred to the seventh layer of the Divine Reflection Realm. It seemed that the names of realms on this continent were slightly different, or it could be said that this was the name of the demons.
Facing the surging demons, Luo Zheng didn't retreat. Instead, he slowly walked forward.
At this moment, the soul of the Battle Soul Realm revealed an extremely strong killing power. In fact, using his soul to crush the other party's soul was even easier than using his cultivation base!
All the demons who approached Luo Zheng trembled and fell from their horses.
From beginning to end, Luo Zheng didn't even raise his hands. He just silently strolled among the thousands of demons.
There was also a very valiant demon who rushed towards Luo Zheng with a thick mace. Even though Luo Zheng instantly erased his soul, the demon still swung his mace at Luo Zheng.
"Bang!"
Luo Zheng, who was sent flying by the mace, climbed up from the ground unscathed. Like a god of death taking a stroll, he continued to walk forward slowly.
The humans behind Luo Zheng all covered their mouths, their eyes filled with shock. Tutu Lu's face was covered in tears as he shouted emotionally, "God, he's a god!"
The demons were also living creatures. All living creatures in the world were instinctively afraid of death. Although the demons were valiant and brave, they were also afraid of death.
All the demons who approached Luo Zheng died strangely. How could the other demons dare to rush over? They all reined in their horses and moved to the sides to avoid Luo Zheng.
The demon army, which was originally like a flood, seemed to have hit a reef at this moment, and was separated by Luo Zheng alone.
In front of Luo Zheng was the demon in golden armor.
This demon was the commander of this demon army. In the eyes of this commander, Luo Zheng's cultivation base wasn't very strong. At the same time, he also saw that Luo Zheng was using a soul attack.
The demon commander hesitated for a moment, then rushed towards Luo Zheng without hesitation!
The demons weren't good at soul attacks. In this chaotic continent, every race had to strengthen themselves according to their own shortcomings. Therefore, the demon commander had a secret treasure that could resist soul attacks!
As long as this boy's soul attack was ineffective against him, he would be at his mercy. This was the demon commander's only thought when he rushed towards Luo Zheng.

Chapter 546
Facing the mountain-like Commander in Chief of the Demon Clan, Luo Zheng still stood there without moving.
When the Commander in Chief of the Demon Clan reached Luo Zheng, a red Vital Spirit suddenly erupted from his body. He jumped down from his horse and swung the long spear in his hand, fiercely whipping at Luo Zheng with the force of millions of catties.
Facing this spear, Luo Zheng still didn't dodge, letting the front end of the long spear hit his body.
The power driven by Vital Essence was so fierce that this spear might be able to collapse a small mountain.
"Die!"
At this moment, the Commander in Chief of the Demon Clan completely vented his anger. This strange human boy in front of him had actually killed more than half of his soldiers.
However, at the moment when the Commander in Chief of the Demon Clan whipped him, Luo Zheng's soul once again shot out from between his eyebrows and rushed into the Commander in Chief's mind at a speed that couldn't be detected by the naked eye.
The moment his soul touched the Commander in Chief of the Demon Clan, a pale yellow protective cover suddenly flashed on the Commander in Chief's body.
"A treasure that can resist soul attacks? Unfortunately, its grade is too low … "A faint smile appeared on Luo Zheng's face.
Luo Zheng estimated that the treasure that the Commander in Chief of the Demon Clan used to resist soul attacks was only a high-grade spiritual weapon. If this treasure was a high-grade immortal weapon or a sacred weapon, it might be able to resist Luo Zheng's soul attack. However, it was just a spiritual weapon. In front of Luo Zheng's War Soul Realm soul, it was like a piece of paper.
"Kacha!"
"Pa!"
Two sounds came at the same time. The first sound was the shattering of the pale yellow protective cover. The protective cover didn't hinder Luo Zheng's soul at all and shattered like an eggshell. Then, Luo Zheng's soul entered the Commander in Chief's mind and directly destroyed his fragile soul.
The second sound came from the long spear of the Devil Clan's commander-in-chief hitting Luo Zheng's body. The Devil Clan was originally good at strength, not to mention that this spear was driven by Vital Spirit, which was full of explosive power. When it hit Luo Zheng's body, the sound of it exploding was like a giant firecracker, deafening.
Soon after, Luo Zheng's body shot backwards like a kite with a broken string, cutting a thousand feet long and ten feet deep ditch in the grassland!
"Your strength is not bad," Luo Zheng said lightly.
Then, with a kick of his legs, he did a hard somersault in the air and jumped out of the gully, shaking off the soil on his body.
The power of space in Luo Zheng's body had not been completely expelled. Only his legs and hands could move, but his movements were still very stiff, which was why he looked very strange.
The Devil Race Commander-In-Chief, who had pulled out the spear towards Luo Zheng, was like a clay sculpture, standing in the same place, motionless.
All the Devil Clan soldiers were silent as they looked at their commander-in-chief. At this moment, they did not know what had happened. They only knew that their commander-in-chief seemed to have been immobilized!
A gust of wind blew on the grassland, and the huge body of the Devil Race Commander-In-Chief fell to the ground with a "clang".
"The commander-in-chief is dead …"
"The commander-in-chief was promoted to a tenth-order fighter this year, but he actually died in the hands of that human boy!"
"That boy is not human, he is the incarnation of a demon!"
"The commander-in-chief's strongest blow just now, even a Rumbling Thunder Rhino would have its bones broken, but this human boy is actually fine!"
The death of the Devil Race Commander-In-Chief had already frightened all the Devil Clan soldiers. What made them even more frightened was that Luo Zheng was completely unharmed after taking such a powerful blow from the Devil Race Commander-In-Chief. In the simple minds of many Devil Clan soldiers, this was completely incomprehensible.
For Luo Zheng, these Devil Clan soldiers were just moths flying into the fire. No matter how many came, they would all die.
Although they were simple-minded, they were unwilling to die for no reason. After the death of the Devil Race Commander-In-Chief, they all turned their horses around and dispersed in a hubbub.
The fierce army of over 1,000 Devil Clan soldiers only left corpses all over the ground. Additionally, no wounds could be seen on any of the corpses.
"He resisted the Devil Clan's army alone …"
"He's our True God …"
All the humans behind him knelt down and prostrated themselves on the ground. Except for the little girl and the little boy, they hid in the corner and looked at Luo Zheng with curious eyes. They didn't know much about Luo Zheng except that he was a very powerful figure.
"Those Devil Clan soldiers have all been killed by me. They won't come back for the time being. You can choose to escape," Luo Zheng suggested to them.
According to Luo Zheng's inference, these Devil Clan soldiers should be a garrison of some Devil Clan force. He killed the Devil Race Commander-In-Chief. That Devil Clan force would inevitably send Devils to investigate. Even if Luo Zheng was confident in his own strength, it was impossible for him to overturn a force by himself.
"We're not going anywhere!"
"We only follow the True God!"
"Yes, only the True God can guide us!"
These humans only reproduced in the pasture designated by the Devil Clan. They didn't even know where they were, nor did they know how the humans in the outside world lived. It was precisely because of their ignorance that they were so foolish to regard Luo Zheng as a God-like figure.
For Luo Zheng, this was indeed a very troublesome matter.
His goal in coming to the Chaotic Continent was the Tower of Sin. At first, Luo Zheng felt pity for these humans because they were of the same race. But how could he have the Cultivation Method to take care of them? Besides, even if Luo Zheng wanted to protect these humans, he might not be able to.
However, he wouldn't hesitate on such matters. Thus, Luo Zheng nodded and said, "Since that's the case, let's leave this place together."
Although the life or death of these people had nothing to do with Luo Zheng, he wasn't a completely cold-blooded person.
Luo Zheng's words were like an oracle to these humans!
They were originally a nomadic race. In this massive Devil Clan pasture, they were constantly migrating, just like a flock of sheep. Soon, these people packed up their tents and belongings and began to set out.
Before they set out, that person and two other robust men pushed a cart over for Luo Zheng to sit on.
Luo Zheng didn't refuse. Next, he had to completely clear the power of space within his body and restore his body to its peak state. In addition, there was an even more important matter, and that was to open the dao platform.
After refining the body to a certain degree, one would need to open the dao platform. The dao platform had eight layers, and each layer was incomparably difficult. The key point was that the Crimson Dragon had promised him that if he opened the dao platform, it would teach him a transcendent divine might!
The axle of the cart continued to turn. Luo Zheng sat cross-legged on the bumpy cart, true essence roiling within his body.
After spending half a day, Luo Zheng had finally completely expelled the power of space from his body. Then, he pressed the spatial ring on his chest and a jade bone appeared in Luo Zheng's hand.
At first, Luo Zheng had wanted to enter the Heavenly Mist Immortal Tomb. His goal had been to obtain the immortal jade bone and use it to open the eight layers of dao platforms. It was only then that he realized that the Heavenly Mist Immortal Tomb was actually a place where Immortal Heaven Mist selected those with great destiny.
He didn't have the immortal jade bone, but he did have the jade bone of a God Beast.
Immortal Heaven Mist had told him that this jade bone was the skeleton of a 'Cloud Chasing Lion'. The treasures within the Heavenly Mist Immortal Tomb were all comparable to saint artifacts; none of them were too bad.
The Cloud Chasing Lion was a close relative of the super God Beast Kirin. However, the Cloud Chasing Lion wasn't a super God Beast, only an ordinary God Beast. Even so, for the current Luo Zheng, it should be enough. It was impossible for him to use the skeleton of a super God Beast to temper his body.
The eight dao platforms that he would open were the Hundred Meeting Platform, Divine Gate Platform, Wind Gate Platform, Sea of Aura Platform, Clear Spirit Platform, Sea of Reflection Platform, as well as the 'Life Platform' and 'Death Platform'.
Although Luo Zheng's body had been tempered and astral essence had formed within his body, he was still stuck at the eighth level of the Dao Platforms. This was also the reason why the Crimson Dragon had told him to open the eighth level of the Dao Platforms before teaching him a transcendent divine might.
Gently holding the jade bone, Luo Zheng's violent astral essence slowly gushed out from his body.
Astral essence and true essence were two completely different things.
True essence was like a mass of fog. Even if one was at the Life and Death realm, their true essence would only become thicker and finer.
But astral essence was much more viscous and flowed very slowly. Moreover, astral essence completely relied on a martial artist's body to produce it; it couldn't rely on heaven and earth origin energy to transform it. Thus, it couldn't be infinitely replenished.
As the astral essence sank into the jade bone, Luo Zheng heard the fierce roar of a lion in his ears. His complexion suddenly changed.
＝＝＝＝＝

Chapter 547
This lion's roar came from the fierce nature of the Cloud Chasing Lion in the jade bone.
Even a Flood Dragon, a creature close to a Mythological Beast, could preserve its fierce nature for a long time in its bones. Not to mention, this Cloud Chasing Lion was a genuine Mythological Beast, a close relative of another powerful Mythological Beast, the Qilin.
When Luo Zheng's Vital Essence soaked into the jade bone, it activated the fierce nature of the jade bone.
Just as the lion's roar erupted, Luo Zheng immediately urged his Vital Essence to wrap around the jade bone, suppressing the fierce nature of the jade bone.
Even under Luo Zheng's suppression, the lion's roar was suppressed by 99%, but a weak sound was still transmitted.
The several hundred people around Luo Zheng looked at each other in dismay, their faces deathly pale. Those with weaker constitutions were even trembling, their legs giving way as they sat on the ground.
"Fortunately," Luo Zheng breathed a sigh of relief. If the fierce nature of the jade bone really erupted, none of these ordinary people would have survived.
After soaking the jade bone with his Vital Essence, Luo Zheng began to refine the jade bone, constantly absorbing its essence.
Eight Dao Pillars, one had to forge eight Dao Pillars in the body. Luo Zheng was now using the essence of the jade bone to forge the Baihui Platform!
Bit by bit, the jade bone essence was constantly absorbed by Luo Zheng. A milky white mist appeared between Luo Zheng's eyebrows, and within that white mist, one could faintly see the Dao Pillar slowly forming.
After absorbing the entire jade bone, the Baihui Platform between his eyebrows still did not open.
The eighth Dao Pillar was not a low threshold for a Body Refiner. Even if Luo Zheng used the jade bone of a Mythological Beast to open the Dao Pillar, it would not be so easy.
One jade bone was not enough. Luo Zheng took out another jade bone from his spatial ring. This time, Luo Zheng was much more careful. He first wrapped the jade bone with his Vital Essence to prevent the fierce nature of the Cloud Chasing Lion from leaking out.
As each jade bone was refined by Luo Zheng, the mist on the Baihui Platform between his eyebrows gradually dissipated. If Luo Zheng closed his eyes and looked inside himself, he would see a white Dao Pillar towering over him.
At this moment, the Vital Essence that was evenly spread throughout Luo Zheng's body began to slowly gather towards the Baihui Platform, slowly and uniformly revolving.
The Baihui Platform was the foundation of the eight Dao Pillars. After forging the Baihui Platform, the speed of Vital Essence production would multiply.... and the eight Dao Pillars within a Body Refiner each had their own functions. Once all of them were opened, they would be able to fight with Life and death experts, just with Vital Essence....
..............................................
. During this process, Luo Zheng had already traveled quite a distance on the handcart.
The scenery on this continent was completely different from the scenery in the Central Domain. After leaving the ranch, everything was dark. The soil, the mountains, and the plants were all black, giving people a very depressing feeling.
Along the way, they didn't encounter any Devil Race people. They didn't even see any living creatures, which made Luo Zheng very surprised.
But the quieter it was, the more dangerous it was. Luo Zheng also understood this principle. He even vaguely felt that there were living creatures spying on them in the dark. There was more than one of them, and they came from all directions.
This was also the reason why Luo Zheng's soul had become very sensitive after stepping into the War Soul Realm. If it was before, he wouldn't have been able to feel these spies.
"What's going on? Even if the Devil Race experts are spying on us, why aren't they doing anything? "Luo Zheng's doubts grew stronger and stronger.
However, this was his first time on this continent, and he was unfamiliar with this place. He didn't have the slightest understanding of the powers on this continent. He was in a completely ignorant state. Right now, he could only lead this group of people and take one step at a time.
What Luo Zheng didn't know was that the powers spying on him were also puzzled.
This was because the place Luo Zheng had arrived at through the long-distance teleportation array was originally a very strange place.
This was the northeast corner of the Chaotic Continent, and the name of this area was called the Heavenly Eagle Prairie. Originally, the Heavenly Eagle Prairie was a fertile land. Ten thousand years ago, humans had taken root here, and once had a flourishing civilization. However, on the Chaotic Continent, humans weren't the rulers. Until now, it was still in the stage of hundreds of races fighting for hegemony. Various races fought and fought against each other, and it was extremely chaotic.
Five thousand years ago, the flames of war of the Devil Race spread and destroyed the civilization established by humans. Now, in this area, other than the Devil Race, there were also human forces and another large race!
After thousands of years of fighting, the three races didn't give an inch of land to each other. In the end, each of them established their own strongholds, and formed a delicate balance, which led to the current situation.
And Luo Zheng, with these several hundred people, was in the middle of these three races!
Because the three races kept each other in check, the Heavenly Eagle Prairie hadn't had a war for more than ten years. The chaotic situation had been suppressed for a time, so the three races had developed around their own territory.
But what no one expected was that at the edge of the Devil Race's territory, an inexplicable human suddenly appeared in a pasture that was originally used to raise humans. With his strength alone, he slaughtered over a thousand Devil Race soldiers, and after killing a Devil Race military governor, he majestically led a group of people on his way … …
By the time the Devil Race forces reacted, Luo Zheng had already led his people into that delicate triangular area!
A hundred miles away from Luo Zheng, two Devil Race generals stood on top of an unbroken city wall. These two Devil Race generals had puzzled expressions on their faces.
"That human boy, where did he come from?"
"Our subordinates reported that he seemed to have suddenly appeared in the pasture. It's said that on that day, someone saw a huge cloud of origin energy, which seemed to contain the fluctuations of a spatial passageway!"
"Taking away some captive humans is a trivial matter. I'm just afraid that the boy is hiding some scheme."
"Although humans are weak, they've always been crafty. I think we should stop him!"
"But the place he's at is too sensitive. If we make a move, the humans will probably make a move. Not only that, the Demon Night Clan won't be able to hold back either!"
The two Devil Race generals were very hesitant. In the end, one of them said, "Let's report this matter to the Venerable. That boy is walking very slowly with a group of ordinary people. We still have time to consider."
Walking with a group of ordinary people, Luo Zheng's speed was indeed shockingly slow. Perhaps Luo Zheng wouldn't need an incense stick's worth of time to cover a distance of a hundred miles, but these several hundred people would need several days and nights to cover that distance.
Two hundred miles away from Luo Zheng, in another direction, there were three humans who were also puzzled.
The three of them were wearing armor and were generals in the army. One of them, a middle-aged man with a full beard, was sitting on the top of a fort. He chuckled and said, "I say, where did that guy come from? He's clearly only a seventh rank fighter, but he actually went to the pasture of the Demon Race and kidnapped a few hundred people. What is he trying to do? "
"Who cares if he dies? It's ridiculous. In any case, we'll just pretend that we didn't see anything. It wasn't easy for us to enjoy ten years of peace. If we show up, we'll probably fight," said another human coldly.
"No, I have to report this matter to my father. This matter is indeed rather strange. We can't decide on our own. No matter where that boy came from, he's still a human." The last person to speak was a handsome young man with silver hair and a pair of eyes that flickered with a green light.
The middle-aged man with a full beard shook his head. "We definitely have to report this matter. But the biggest problem is that that boy is heading towards the Night Demon Clan. That's the biggest problem …"
The three races were paying close attention to Luo Zheng's group.
On the first day, they walked forty miles.
On the second day, they walked forty five miles.
On the third day, they walked thirty miles.
On the fourth day, an arrow as thick as an arm suddenly shot out from ten miles away, whistling through the air.
That huge arrow was made from the bones of a Vicious Beast, and the blade flickered with extremely peculiar runes.
The bone arrow that was shot from afar was not aimed at anyone. Instead, it was shot in front of Luo Zheng. Half of the arrow was buried in the ground.

Chapter 548
Such amazing archery skills, yet it landed right in front of Luo Zheng. There was no doubt that this was a warning.
If Luo Zheng continued to lead people forward, the arrow would not hit the ground, but Luo Zheng.
While Luo Zheng was hesitating, a black tree not far away flashed with a green light, and then with a shake, its thick roots pulled out from the ground and slowly walked towards Luo Zheng.
When the others saw this scene, they panicked and hid behind Luo Zheng.
But Luo Zheng was very calm. It was not the first time he had seen a walking plant. Luo Zheng had seen one on the road of the Trial Taker, but it was not this big.
The tree slowly walked towards Luo Zheng, waving its thick branches, and then said in an ancient voice, "Human, leave here. The place ahead is not a place you can go."
It was still a warning, but it seemed that he had to change directions …
Luo Zheng's eyes flashed slightly. If he was alone, he would be free to fly. Why would he need to move slowly on the ground?
Just as this thought was born, a dull voice suddenly sounded behind Luo Zheng, "Boy, I think you should stay!"
Luo Zheng turned his head and saw hundreds of demons suddenly appear behind him.
Most of these demons were about the same strength as the commander-in-chief, and two of them were abnormally powerful. The one who just spoke was one of them.
A faint smile appeared on Luo Zheng's face as he looked at the two demons. "Why did you stay?"
"Either stay or die," the demon said in a deep voice, "You are just a fighter of the seventh step, you don't have the ability to struggle!"
Luo Zheng was very curious about the hierarchy of this continent, so Luo Zheng asked, "If I am a fighter of the seventh step, then what are you?"
"I am not a fighter, I am a fighter, a fifth-step fighter!" the demon replied.
"Is that so?" A faint smile appeared on Luo Zheng's face. The Vital Spirit in his body suddenly erupted, and his speed reached the extreme in the blink of an eye. This was the advantage of refining one's body. It allowed one to erupt in a very short time!
Luo Zheng's figure was like a ghost. He covered the distance of several hundred feet in the blink of an eye. He arrived in front of the demon in an instant. Then, his body heavily crashed into the demon!
As a rank eight battle general, that demon clansman's reaction could not be said to be slow. The problem was that the demon clansmen had always been known for their tyrannical fleshly bodies. No human dared to go head to head with a demon clansman. That was purely an egg hitting a rock, courting death!
Watching this human charging towards him alone, the demon general revealed a wisp of a grim smile. He liked to compete in strength the most. However, no human dared to compete with him in strength.
"Since you want to die, I'll fulfill your wish, haha!" The Mo Clan general raised his shoulder, and without dodging, he also charged towards Luo Zheng.
The moment he approached the demon general, Luo Zheng narrowed his eyes and five hundred dragon scales suddenly exploded! The vital essence in his body was stimulated once again. The strength of his entire body reached a terrifying level.
An adult demon clansman was ten feet tall, much taller than a human. Whether it was their fleshly body or their bones, they were far stronger than a human's. Therefore, the vast majority of the demon clansmen focused on body refining. This was their field of expertise.
However, this demon clansman simply did not expect that Luo Zheng's fleshly body was no longer a problem of tyrannical strength.
Luo Zheng's fleshly body, which possessed a high-grade immortal artifact body, was simply indestructible!
Coupled with Luo Zheng's extremely turbulent strength, this collision caused a jaw-dropping scene to occur.
With an explosive sound, that demon general was actually smashed into a bloody mist by Luo Zheng! Brown blood exploded like fireworks. The armor, ornaments, and sleeves on its body were also shattered into pieces and scattered in all directions!
Luo Zheng, who was floating in the air, had a faint layer of purple-black protective vital essence on its surface. This layer of vital essence was not used to protect the body, but to block the sputtering blood.
Just like that, a demon general was smashed into pieces by Luo Zheng …
Those demons stared blankly at Luo Zheng. Just a moment ago, their leader, a fifth-order demon general, was smashed into pieces by this human?
Why was this?
The demons, who were originally somewhat stupid and slow, were unable to react for a moment!
Luo Zheng stood high in the air, arrogantly looking down at these demons, and coldly asked, "What? Do you still want me to stay? "
At this moment, it was not only the demons who were in a daze. Or rather, the only ones who were not in a daze were the ordinary humans that Luo Zheng had brought. These humans were not martial artists, and in their hearts, they did not have the concept of martial artist ranks. For them, Luo Zheng killing a demon, a demon general, or a demon general would have the same effect.
In their hearts, Luo Zheng had already become a god, and a god was omnipotent.
Twenty kilometers away, more than twenty humans were hiding in the dense forest. The middle-aged man with a full beard took a deep breath, his face full of disbelief, "This brat … is he sure he's a human?"
"Can't you tell if he's a human or not?" Another person said coldly.
On the other side, the silver-haired youth said, "He's indeed a human, but the cultivation method he cultivates is very different from ours. A seventh-order fighter directly smashed a fifth-order fighter, and the other party was a demon … This person can't be someone from our human race's Holy Lands, right?"
"Impossible, if the Holy Lands sent someone over, it's impossible for us not to know. Moreover … if this person is so monstrous, would the Holy Lands let him walk around alone? Who can take responsibility for his death? If this person is nurtured and thrown into the Tower of Sins, he can fight for endless benefits for our human race! He can't die! "Another person quickly analyzed.
"Yes, we must protect him at all costs!" The silver-haired youth's eyes suddenly blossomed with a green light.
The middle-aged man with a full beard took out his scimitar and lightly rubbed it against a nearby tree. He chuckled and said, "Now, let's observe the situation first. I'm afraid these demons can't do anything to him! If he can get rid of these demons and turn around, this matter will be perfectly resolved! "
Apart from the humans, there were three people leaning against the trunk of the moving ancient tree ten kilometers behind it.
If Luo Zheng saw their appearances, he would quickly discover that the three of them had the exact same characteristics as the sword spirit Yao Ye!
Pointed ears, almost perfect figures, and slender legs. They seemed to be a race created by the gods. They were the Yao Ye Clan.
One of the female members of the Yao Ye Clan carried a huge bone bow on her back. She was already close to eight feet tall, and her bone bow was even longer than her body. She carried a huge quiver on her back, and there were five bone arrows in the quiver.
"That human is very unique." The female member of the Yao Ye Clan said indifferently.
"Unique has nothing to do with us. It's fine as long as he doesn't step into our territory." The other male member of the Yao Ye Clan replied.
"Yes, I understand." The female member of the Yao Ye Clan nodded. Then, she flipped over like a cheetah climbing a tree. Her tall and lithe body leapt onto a higher branch.
After a long while, the demons regained their senses.
Their dazed expressions began to change. Anger, sorrow, shock, and other expressions appeared on their faces. However, the expression that finally settled on their faces was one of humiliation. That's right, deep humiliation.
The demons were valiant and skilled in battle, and they didn't fear death. In their hearts, dying on the battlefield was an honor, but … to be killed by a weak human was not an honor at all! This was humiliation!
They couldn't figure out how Luo Zheng had done it, so they didn't bother thinking about it. At this moment, they only wanted to tear Luo Zheng to shreds!
The faces of the demon warriors and generals twisted with anger as they charged at Luo Zheng!
"Tear that human to shreds! Tear him to shreds!"
"I'm going to skin him with a sharp knife and eat his flesh!"
"Twist him into a fried dough twist and plant him in the ground!"
The demons roared as they charged at Luo Zheng.
Luo Zheng's expression was indifferent. Slaughtering humans might be a psychological burden to Luo Zheng, but slaughtering these foreign races was no different from slaughtering chickens in Luo Zheng's heart, no matter how intelligent they were!
"Let me see how you're going to die." A cold smile appeared on Luo Zheng's face. After experiencing so much, this young man's heart had become even calmer and colder.

Chapter 549
Although Luo Zheng's family had undergone a drastic change when he was young, his heart was not cold.
He didn't expect that when he comprehended the perfect sword intent, he would accidentally enter the Massacre Sword Mountain and walk the Massacre Sword Dao.
However, Luo Zheng didn't accumulate much killing intent in the Central Domain because he wasn't a bloodthirsty person. Generally, if the other party didn't want to kill him, Luo Zheng wouldn't kill for no reason.
On this chaotic continent, Luo Zheng didn't have too many scruples. The biggest reason was that the other party wasn't human.
"Die!"
Luo Zheng suddenly unsheathed the saint tool longsword in his hand. Sword intent cyclones rose, and his figure shot towards the demons like a shuttle.
If the demons' bodies were like eagles, then Luo Zheng's figure was like a nimble skylark. He shuttled back and forth quickly, and with a light sweep, he reaped the lives of the demons. One demon after another fell from the sky and heavily smashed onto the ground. Their eyes were wide open in anger. While they were at death's door, they looked at the human in the sky in puzzlement. How could a fighter of the seventh step have such strength?
In an instant, more than half of the hundred demons died. These demons were the elites of the demon race. They were basically fighters of the eighth or ninth step. However, to that human, it was like cutting rice. It wasn't a contest of strength at all!
The demon general couldn't bear it anymore. With a roar, vital essence burst out from his huge body. A pair of huge bronze hammers appeared in his hands. He swung the hammers and rushed towards Luo Zheng.
This demon general was a sixth step warrior. He was slightly stronger than the fifth step warrior Luo Zheng had smashed into. Facing the pair of bronze hammers that were bigger than Luo Zheng, Luo Zheng's longsword shook slightly and cut the bronze hammers in half.
The bronze hammers were probably low-grade immortal tools. How could they withstand the saint tool longsword in Luo Zheng's hand?
When the humans in the forest saw the longsword in Luo Zheng's hand, they were slightly stunned. "This guy seems to be holding a saint tool?"
"What a nouveau riche. A fighter of the seventh step can actually wear a saint tool. Heavens, I think he might be a powerhouse nurtured by the Holy Land!" The bearded middle-aged man sighed.
"A fighter of the seventh step? He's indeed only a fighter of the seventh step, but do you really think he has the strength of a fighter of the seventh step? The fifth step demon general was directly smashed into pieces by him. We can't look at this kid with ordinary eyes. "The silver-haired youth said coldly.
Of course, Luo Zheng didn't know what the others thought. After breaking the bronze hammer of the demon general, his figure suddenly flashed while his Vital Spirit burst out a milky white light. He seemed to have turned into a thin line, dashing towards the demon general!
Speed …
At this moment, Luo Zheng's face flickered with a touch of astonishment. Under the stimulation of his vital essence, his speed increased strangely. Even he himself couldn't control it. His sword, which was originally going to stab the demon general, could only slightly deviate and swipe across the demon general's neck.
When blood sputtered out of the demon general's neck, Luo Zheng's figure had already disappeared. Unable to control his speed, he bumped into a small hill in the distance …
That demon general didn't expect Luo Zheng's speed to be so fast. He covered his cut neck and fell heavily to the ground.
The other demons revealed strange looks. Because Luo Zheng seemed to have disappeared in front of them in a split second, followed by a cloud of dust rising from the hill in the distance.
"That kid … how could he move so fast?" A human hiding in the woods couldn't help but shout.
"Hush, lower your voice. It's really weird just now. His speed suddenly increased, and he couldn't even stabilize his body …" The middle-aged man with whiskers also said with a puzzled look.
Actually, not only were they puzzled, those demons were also puzzled. Even Luo Zheng himself was also puzzled!
The moment his vital essence broke out, he seemed to have soared into the clouds and driven the mist. His speed seemed to have increased several times.
Now, the Phoenix Soaring Crystal in Luo Zheng's arm didn't increase his speed too much. Obviously, this was not the reason why Luo Zheng's speed suddenly increased.
When his vital essence broke out, Luo Zheng remembered that his vital essence broke out a milky white light. Closely after that, his speed started to increase sharply. The problem should lie in that milky white light. But what was it?
Luo Zheng smashed a deep crater into the mountain. After Luo Zheng got up, he climbed out of the crater. At that moment, the red dragon in Luo Zheng's mind suddenly said, "Haha! Kid, you are very strange, right?"
"You know?" Luo Zheng asked.
"Yes, a part of your vital essence just now came from the Hundred Meeting Stage," the red dragon said.
"The Hundred Meeting Stage has this kind of effect?" Luo Zheng asked in puzzlement.
"The Hundred Meeting Stage doesn't have this effect. It's the 'Wind Gate Stage' that increases speed among the eight layers of the Spirit Platform," the red dragon explained. "But your Hundred Meeting Stage is made from the jade bones of a Cloud Chasing Lion. This Cloud Chasing Lion is one of the fastest divine beasts, second only to the Heavenly Mouse. So you can be considered to have obtained a part of the Cloud Chasing Lion's talent."
"There's this kind of effect?" Luo Zheng was both surprised and happy.
In fact, the Body Refining system had a huge disadvantage compared to the True Essence system. Although Astral Essence was said to be able to transform, because the Astral Essence's circulation speed was slow and it was evenly distributed throughout the body, it was very difficult and impractical to transform.
In contrast, vital essence had a much stronger ability to be molded. It could be visualized and could produce almost limitless power.
But the body refining system had its own unique advantage, and that was the eight layers of the Dao Platform!
The eight layers of the Dao Platform had to be made from jade bones. The stronger the jade bones used to make the Dao Platform, the greater the increase in power for the martial artist. This was because the eight layers of the Dao Platform were eight opportunities for a body refiner to strengthen themselves. Each Dao Platform could inherit a part of the original owner's talent and strength.
So when a body refiner reached the later stages of their cultivation, they would feel that their previous Dao Platforms were not strong enough. They would even reconstruct their Dao Platforms in order to inherit more talent and strength!
Luo Zheng opened his Hundred Meeting Stage and used the jade bones of the Cloud Chasing Lion to create the Dao Platform. When Luo Zheng used the Dao Platform's flowing vital essence, the Cloud Chasing Lion's talent was reflected in Luo Zheng's body. So at that moment, even Luo Zheng was not prepared.
At this moment, there were still dozens of demons left in the sky. After a bloody lesson, they finally understood that they could not stop Luo Zheng. Seeing Luo Zheng slowly floating over, these demons actually scattered.
The demons were the most belligerent. The humans in the forest were speechless at this scene. When had they ever seen demons so cowardly? Once this race determined their enemy, they would often charge forward without regard for their lives. So in a war between demons and humans, even if the humans had the advantage, the humans would often be the ones at a disadvantage!
Although the demons reacted slowly, they were not fools. They clearly were not Luo Zheng's opponent. They would not give up their lives for nothing under Luo Zheng's sword.
However, just as Luo Zheng flew over, a vigorous voice came, "Human boy, you must stay!"
"Another demon." Luo Zheng's eyes slightly focused. He saw a demon floating in the sky, flying towards Luo Zheng at a moderate speed.
That demon's skin turned red, and the two fangs at the corner of his mouth turned scarlet. "Interesting human brat, a little warrior can kill my demon race's battle generals. I wonder if you can kill me, a demon race's war elder?"
"This demon is very strong!" Luo Zheng's expression sank. A war reverend was equivalent to a False Tribulation realm expert. With Luo Zheng's current strength, he could not face him alone!
There was still a chance to escape, but the problem was, what about the ordinary humans below? Although Luo Zheng could just leave them alone, after all, the lives of ordinary people were not worth mentioning in the world of martial artists, Luo Zheng had never liked to give up halfway through something.
Before Luo Zheng could say anything, the demon war reverend was like a small mountain, charging towards Luo Zheng!
The figure of the War Reverend of the Devil Race suddenly enlarged in Luo Zheng's eyes. An extremely dangerous feeling came from the bottom of Luo Zheng's heart. His heart suddenly contracted. This War Reverend of the Devil Race had the strength to kill him!
In a moment of desperation, Luo Zheng's mind moved. Sword Spirit Yao Ye's graceful figure suddenly flew out, and at the same time, the Demon Blood Emperor's huge sword appeared!
The expressions of the three members of the Night Demon Clan who were silently observing from afar froze. The young girl from the Night Demon Clan who was sitting on the treetop opened her eyes wide, and her small mouth opened so wide that it seemed like it could swallow a walnut.
＝＝＝＝＝

Chapter 550
On the Chaotic Continent, there weren't many members of the Yao Night Clan. In fact, they were the smallest clan out of all the other clans!
The Yaonye clan was an extremely powerful clan in the Great Thousand Worlds. From the moment they were born, the members of the Yaonye clan possessed the strength of Innate Lifeforms. This clan was an overlord even in the Upper World.
The Heavenly Dao was fair because the members of the Yao Night Clan were extremely powerful. Whether it was in terms of strength, talent, or even appearance, they were all near perfect.
However, they had a fatal flaw, which was that their ability to reproduce was extremely poor. It was very difficult for them to increase their numbers, otherwise, with their strength, they would have already ruled the Chaotic Continent.
The Yao Night Clan was an extremely arrogant clan, and they weren't particularly bloodthirsty. As such, when Luo Zheng had led a group of humans into their territory, they had only given a warning and told Luo Zheng to leave.
Because of their arrogance, the Yao Night Clan members rarely fought side by side with other clans. This was also why the three Yao Night Clan members were so shocked when they saw Luo Zheng's sword spirit!
"Let me see it more clearly." The young woman from the Yao Night Clan held her bone bow horizontally, and her eyes flickered with a faint blue light. Her pupils were almost the same colour as the sky, and when her gaze focused on Luo Zheng's sword spirit, her expression changed drastically!
"King!"
The young woman from the Yao Night Clan spat out a single word, and suddenly jumped down from the tree. She nimbly hung onto a branch, and then knelt down on one knee.
"King?"
When the other two Yao Night Clan members heard the young woman's words, they looked confused. They used the same method to focus their gazes on Luo Zheng's sword spirit, and their expressions changed drastically. They knelt down on one knee like the young woman, and their faces were filled with sincerity.
After bowing, the three Yao Night Clan members slowly stood up. One of them asked, "Fei 'er, why has King appeared next to that human youth?"
"I'm not sure." The young woman from the Yao Night Clan called Fei 'er shook her head in confusion. "King has never descended before. This human is hiding a great secret. We shouldn't have stopped him!"
"That young man isn't a match for the War Exalt. Save him. I'll inform Lady Mei," another Yao Ye clansman said.
"Yes." Fei 'er had just nodded when she seemed to step on a gust of wind and shot forward like a nimble leopard. Then, she continuously stepped on the branches of the dense forest. Her slender body leaped up, and the bone bow in her hand had already adjusted its direction. The bone arrow on her back was already nocked on the bow at some point in time!
Facing the Devil Race's War Reverend, Luo Zheng had Sword Spirit Yao Ye charge forward while retreating!
The huge sword of the Demon Blood Emperor slashed out, creating a huge shadow in the air as it slashed towards War Reverend's head.
"Demon Night Clan? Haha! " The Devil Race's War Reverend laughed coldly. He suddenly slapped out with his huge crimson hands and actually managed to clamp the huge black sword between his hands. Then, he forcefully twisted and actually tried to send Sword Spirit Yao Ye flying.
However, Yao Ye's sword dance was extremely strange. When he was sent flying, he hooked his hand backwards, and his flexible body twisted at an unbelievable angle. Relying on his body's toughness, he actually managed to snatch back the huge sword in his hand. Then, he slashed towards the Devil Race's War Reverend from another direction.
Clang!
Unfortunately, no matter how perfect Yao Ye's sword dance was, it couldn't withstand absolute strength. The Devil Race's War Reverend was still too strong. When Yao Ye slashed out a second time, the Devil Race's War Reverend's figure flickered, and he punched the huge sword again. The originally sharp sword aura started to become erratic under the influence of this tyrannical strength.
It was exactly because of this that Yao Ye was completely exposed, and he was unable to resist the Devil Race's War Reverend's subsequent attacks.
When he witnessed this scene, Luo Zheng issued a command in his heart, and he intended to summon Yao Ye back. As his Sword Spirit, she would be injured as well. If she was injured, then she would need a long period of time to recuperate. That was something that Luo Zheng wasn't willing to see happen.
Unexpectedly, a sharp bone arrow whistled through the air as it shot towards the Devil Race's War Reverend.
The bone arrow flickered with profound talisman markings, and there was a long string of milky white light at the end of the bone arrow.
The might of this arrow far surpassed the arrow that had been shot at Luo Zheng.
After all, the arrow from before was merely a warning to Luo Zheng, but this arrow was meant to attack the Devil Race's War Reverend.
The Devil Race's War Reverend laughed coldly when facing the bone arrow, and then he actually stretched out his hand and forcefully grabbed it. Crack! The Devil Race's War Reverend crushed the bone arrow into pieces, and then he laughed coldly, "Haha! When did the proud Demon Race form an alliance with the cowardly humans?"
"The Demon Race? So the Demon Race exists on the Chaos Continent as well! "Luo Zheng's brows twitched.
Luo Zheng had encountered that strange sword on Slaughter Sword Mountain, and he'd obtained the Sword Spirit, Yao Ye, by chance. At the same time, he'd found out from Qing Long that the Demon Race was an extremely formidable race. However, he'd never imagined that the Demon Race actually existed on the Chaos Continent as well!
As soon as the Devil Race's War Reverend finished speaking, two figures from the Demon Race slowly emerged from the forest. The one in front was the young woman from the Demon Race called Fei 'er.
She slowly walked out of the forest, and her agile footsteps seemed to contain a special rhythm. At the same time, she spoke in an extremely light voice, "This human is very special. He's been able to obtain the protection of our Demon Race."
"Two generals from the Demon Race want me to capture him? Are you dreaming?" sneered the Devil Race's War Reverend.
If the Demon Race could see that Luo Zheng was special, there was no reason why the Devil Race's War Reverend couldn't.
Luo Zheng furrowed his brows.
Even though the Demon Race hadn't shown much hostility towards him, he naturally didn't want to fall into the hands of any race. Moreover, these people might not have the strength to capture him.
He hadn't expected the situation on the Chaos Continent to be so complicated ….
At this moment, over 20 figures soared into the sky from a nearby forest and shot towards Luo Zheng.
"Haha! These people are fellow humans! They have nothing to do with your Demon Race or the Demon Race, right? " A hearty and heroic voice immediately sounded. The one who spoke was a middle-aged man with a full beard.
The other humans drew their weapons and quickly approached.
"Humans." Luo Zheng's eyes flashed, and a trace of a smile appeared on his face.
These people were different from the people Luo Zheng had brought. They were true cultivators!
As long as there were human cultivators here, there would definitely be a large human faction here. This was definitely good news for Luo Zheng.
However, although there were many humans here, their strength wasn't enough. According to the Chaos Continent's classification of strength, they should all be called generals.
Warriors, generals, War Reverends ….
The humans had over 20 generals, while the Demon Race only had two. As for the Demon Race, they only had one War Reverend. The situation was still very troublesome.
"Cowardly humans, haven't you been hiding like turtles this entire time? You finally dare to show yourself? " The War Reverend of the Demon Race didn't seem to care about these human generals at all. On the contrary, he seemed to be more afraid of the two Demon Race generals!
"Aren't we here now?" The silver-haired young man among the humans said indifferently.
Although this region was divided into three factions, the Demon Race was the strongest. Although the Demon Race didn't intend to expand their territory, the Demon Race didn't dare to rashly provoke the Yao Race. Only the humans were the weakest, so they had been guarding their fortress!
This group of humans had considered for a long time whether they should help Luo Zheng or not. After all, there was a great risk in doing so. If they angered the Demon Race, it was very likely that this delicate balance would be broken.
However, after reporting this news, they quickly received feedback from the higher-ups that they had to save that human brat, so this time, the Human Clan had sent out all their elites, a total of more than twenty people, but they did not expect that the Demon Clan would actually send a war elder, so the situation became very troublesome.
"You guys, follow them," Luo Zheng, who was sandwiched in the middle, suddenly said to the ordinary humans.
These ordinary humans didn't understand the situation in front of them at all. They could only listen to Luo Zheng. Since Luo Zheng had given the order, the hundreds of people began to slowly move towards the humans.
They were a burden to Luo Zheng. If they hadn't delayed him for a few days, Luo Zheng would have already run thousands of li away.

Chapter 551
The atmosphere was a little tense.
The humans were moving in the direction Luo Zheng pointed in an orderly manner. In their minds, as long as they followed Luo Zheng's instructions, there wouldn't be any problems.
The strongest person present was definitely the devil sovereign. The humans had over 20 battle generals while the Yao Ye Clan had two. However, the Yao Ye Clan was extremely strong individually. Even though the two of them were only battle generals, their true strength couldn't be underestimated. If they attacked together, the devil sovereign might not be able to defeat them.
Thus, everyone was waiting, waiting for reinforcements.
Everyone's thoughts were very subtle. Luo Zheng's mind was constantly spinning.
Although Luo Zheng had seen the human cultivators, judging from the current situation, the humans on the Chaos Continent weren't very strong. Luo Zheng wasn't willing to entrust his life in the hands of others.
As for the Yaoye Clan, even though they weren't really hostile to him and had even said that they would protect him, they were Xeno-race clansmen in the end. So, he didn't think that the clan would treat him well just because he possessed the Sword Spirit, Yaoye.
As for the demons, they were doomed.
While he was thinking, two huge figures appeared from the direction of the demon sovereign. Even from far away, everyone could feel their auras expanding!
The instant the two demon sovereigns appeared, Luo Zheng's vital essence suddenly erupted. He transformed into a thin line and shot out!
Luo Zheng's soul was far stronger than the other living beings present. His reaction was also the fastest.
Only after he shot out did the other living beings react.
When the demon sovereign sensed the aura of his comrade, a savage smile appeared on his face. He didn't even have time to say anything before that human brat ran away. His expression darkened, and his figure flickered as he chased after Luo Zheng!
Luo Zheng's judgment wasn't slow. Although the humans had over 20 champions, they weren't a match for the demons. As for the Demon Night Clan, there were only two of them. He would be a fool if he didn't run now.
As he fled, Luo Zheng's advantage as a dual cultivator of body and energy was revealed.
At this moment, the astral essence within Luo Zheng's body suddenly erupted. His figure turned into a thin line that streaked across the horizon. In a single breath of time, he had crossed over 10 miles!
In addition to his vital essence, Luo Zheng's vital essence was also stimulated at the same time, increasing his speed once again!
This was the benefit of cultivating two systems. Vital Essence was suitable for short distance eruptions. Moreover, Luo Zheng's Vital Essence also contained the innate ability of the Cloud Chasing Lion, which increased his speed. Vital Essence was suitable for long distance flight, which could allow Luo Zheng to maintain a high speed.
In addition, Luo Zheng also activated the energy of the Soaring Phoenix Crystal in his body. At this stage, the Soaring Phoenix Crystal's effect on Luo Zheng's speed was negligible. However, in order to escape, Luo Zheng did not dare to be careless!
War Venerables were equivalent to False Tribulation Realm experts.
In the Heavenly Mist Immortal Tomb, Luo Zheng had the experience of defeating a False Tribulation Realm warrior. The strength of the Divine Kingdom's Prince couldn't be underestimated. Although he was only an Early False Tribulation Realm warrior, his true strength was estimated to be able to defeat a Mid False Tribulation Realm warrior, and he could even fight a Late False Tribulation Realm warrior!
However, the main reason why Luo Zheng was able to kill the Divine Kingdom's Prince was because the Heavenly Mist Immortal Tomb had suppressed the Divine Kingdom's Prince's cultivation. Therefore, the Divine Kingdom's Prince's true strength was only equivalent to an Early Divine Core warrior.
With Luo Zheng's current strength, he still couldn't fight a Devil War Venerable, let alone three Devil War Venerables chasing after him.
Once the three Devil War Venerables caught up to him, Luo Zheng would definitely be killed!
Right now, Luo Zheng was running as far as he could.
When the first Devil War Venerable saw Luo Zheng running away, he immediately chased after him. With the Devil War Venerable's cultivation base and the help of his vital essence, his speed wasn't any slower than Luo Zheng's!
At the same time, the other two Devil War Venerables who came to help Luo Zheng were also chasing after him.
As for the other human warriors, all of them had complicated expressions on their faces. Although they were told to protect Luo Zheng, there was no way they could fight a single Devil War Venerable, let alone three Devil War Venerables.
If these three mo war venerables turned around at the same time and chased after them, none of the twenty human battle generals present would be able to survive!
Right now, all they could do was look at the scenery and enjoy the scenery.
The humans didn't move, but the people from the Demon Night Clan started moving. The young girl from the Demon Night Clan called Fei 'er turned around and started running. She circled around in the forest, then she placed the huge bone bow behind her back.
"Inform Master Mei, ask her to follow me." Fei 'er leapt up from the ground and softly muttered, "Follow Wind!"
"Huff … huff … huff …"
Fei 'er was an expert in the art of wind. A gust of wind blew past her, and it formed a pair of light green wings behind her back. She then soared into the sky and chased after the Devil War Venerables.
The vital essence in Luo Zheng's body was constantly rotating as he rushed forward.
Although Luo Zheng had increased his speed to the extreme, the distance between him and the Devil War Venerables was still decreasing.
"A warrior wants to escape from me? You're dreaming, haha." As the Devil War Venerables spoke, the vital essence in his body suddenly burst out, and his speed instantly increased by 30%. The distance between him and Luo Zheng was also decreasing.
The whistling wind blew in Luo Zheng's ears, but his brows furrowed more and more!
In this chase, Luo Zheng had already rushed out for over a hundred miles, but the Devil War Venerables were getting closer and closer to him.
One thousand feet, one thousand feet, one thousand feet, one hundred feet, one hundred feet, one hundred feet …
When the distance between them was shortened to a certain extent, the Devil War Venerables grinned and prepared to attack Luo Zheng.
"Vital essence, burst out!"
Seeing that the distance between him and Luo Zheng was getting closer, Luo Zheng once again burst out the vital essence in his body, widening the distance between them again.
When the vital essence and vital essence burst out at the same time, Luo Zheng's speed was actually not inferior to that of the Devil War Venerables.
However, the vital essence could not be used continuously, and once it was consumed, he could only wait for his body to slowly produce vital essence, so Luo Zheng did not dare to use it continuously.
Of course, Luo Zheng was not the only one facing this problem. The three Devil War Venerables behind him were also facing this problem. They also cultivated the vital essence system and focused on refining their bodies, so they had a great advantage in short-distance sprinting. However, once faced with long-distance flying, it was not enough.
If he used vital essence to fly, Luo Zheng could maintain a high speed over a distance of over ten thousand miles, but those Devil War Venerables could only maintain a distance of one thousand to two thousand miles. Now it depended on whether Luo Zheng could reach the limit of these Devil War Venerables.
Therefore, whenever those Devil War Venerables approached Luo Zheng, Luo Zheng would stimulate the vital essence in his body and suddenly accelerate to a certain distance. At the same time, he would widen the distance between them. When his vital essence was exhausted, Luo Zheng would use vital essence to maintain the flight.
Just like that, Luo Zheng repeated this several times. In the process of this chase, Luo Zheng had already charged over 500 kilometers.
During this process, the True Essence in Luo Zheng's body was rapidly consumed. Seeing that the True Essence in his body was about to run out, he took out a top-grade True Essence Stone and crushed it. Then, he absorbed the pure True Essence inside.
Vital essence could be replenished through Best Grade Vital Essence Stones, but vital essence could not be replenished.
This was the drawback of body-refining practitioners.
The Vital Essence system relied on the vital essence of the world to activate the cultivation method, but the vital essence system completely relied on the eruption of vital essence. It could only be produced slowly by the physical body and could not be replenished by external objects.
The higher one's cultivation was, the faster one could replenish vital essence.
Therefore, Luo Zheng was now in trouble. His vital essence was about to be exhausted.
The eruption of vital essence could increase his speed, but ordinary vital essence could not increase Luo Zheng's speed that much. Only the vital essence in his body, which had been operated through the Baihui Stage, could inherit the talent of the Cloud Chasing Lion and burst out with amazing speed.
Seeing that his vital essence was gradually exhausted, Luo Zheng's speed became slower and slower, but those Devil War Venerables behind him did not slow down at all.
At this moment, the Devil War Venerables and Luo Zheng were only seventy or eighty feet away from each other.
"Not bad, a warrior can escape thousands of miles away with such speed. As a human being, I'm really surprised. I'll capture you and send you to the Holy Land of the Devil Race. I'll see what secrets you're hiding!" The Devil War Venerables sneered, "Now, stop!"
The Devil War Venerables waved their fists again and launched an attack at Luo Zheng!
At this moment, Luo Zheng's soul in his mind left his body again and flew toward the Devil War Venerables behind him, turning into a sharp thorn and drilling into its head.
Luo Zheng's soul could directly obliterate an ordinary warrior, but Luo Zheng was not so sure when facing the Devil War Venerables.
However, being caught off guard, the Devil War Venerables were startled. Its speed suddenly decreased, and its huge head slightly tilted, avoiding Luo Zheng's soul attack.

Chapter 552
Whether it was the Central Domain or the Chaos Continent, cultivating the soul was the most difficult.
Although this Demon War Reverend was extremely powerful and the Demon Race had a secret method to cultivate the soul, its soul still hadn't entered the War Soul realm.
With the help of a secret treasure to protect the soul, the Demon War Reverend didn't think that Luo Zheng could obliterate its soul. However, it was still very easy to damage its soul. Therefore, it was very wary of Luo Zheng's soul attack.
Because of this, the distance between Luo Zheng and the Demon War Reverend increased again.
However, what was even more troublesome was that the other two Demon War Reverends had also caught up …
Luo Zheng gritted his teeth and once again activated his gradually drying vital essence. His figure once again turned into a thin line and shot forward.
This time, Luo Zheng encountered a lot more trouble than before.
Although the Central Domain was also full of danger, under the protection of the Cloud Hall, he could always defeat his opponents. Although those opponents were an entire level higher than Luo Zheng, in terms of true strength, Luo Zheng was actually not much different from them!
However, the situation now was different.
According to the classification of the Chaos Continent, Luo Zheng was a Level 7 Warrior. Above the Warrior was the Warlord, and above the Warlord was the War Reverend!
They were two whole levels higher than Luo Zheng! Moreover, there were three Demon War Reverends behind him …
If it was an ordinary Warrior, he would have been killed in seconds. However, Luo Zheng used his vital essence and vital essence at the same time to escape more than a thousand miles away.
However, this wasn't the way to go!
When the three Demon War Reverends pounced on him, Luo Zheng didn't have the strength to resist at all and still died.
"What should I do?" In a moment of desperation, Luo Zheng asked Qinglong in his mind.
"If it really doesn't work, I can use Soul Shock to kill them," Qinglong said indifferently. "However, I'm afraid my soul will fall into a deep sleep again."
After devouring the Moonkin Evil Spirit, Qinglong's soul recovered a lot. Part of the Moonkin Evil Spirit's soul was used to awaken the Red Dragon, another part was used to make Luo Zheng's Life Seed, and the other part was devoured by Qinglong. Although the Moonkin Evil Spirit's soul was very powerful, it was still far from enough for a True Dragon.
Therefore, Qinglong could only use Soul Shock once at the moment.
The so-called deep sleep, it would turn into a lifeless statue on the mysterious furnace.
"No." As soon as Qinglong's idea came to mind, Luo Zheng's's's's soul.
Luo Zheng's soul's soul. Luo Zheng couldn't let it fall into a deep sleep........, Qinglong's.......................................
. "At the moment, there doesn't seem to be a good way to deal with the Nephilim." Qinglong shook his head.
Neither the Heavenly Demon Fist nor the Thousand Fiend Wheel of Existence were strong enough to deal with the War Supremacies. The only things that could threaten them were the broken flying daggers and Luo Zheng's soul.
The problem was that these two attacks couldn't really kill the War Supremacies …
"Black Fire!"
The Black Fire in the mysterious furnace might be Luo Zheng's only hope. The power of the fire seemed to be able to burn everything in the world. It might be Luo Zheng's last resort.
However, Luo Zheng couldn't control the Black Fire as he wished. In other words, the Black Fire had its own spirituality. Luo Zheng could only summon it, but he couldn't order it to attack. It didn't seem wise to entrust his fate to the Black Fire.
Just as Luo Zheng was at his wit's end, a voice suddenly rang in his ears.
"There are three Teleportation Formations forty kilometers ahead to the left. Enter the Teleportation Formation in the middle. It will help you escape!"
It was a very ethereal voice. Luo Zheng suddenly heard it. This voice belonged to the Night Demon Clan member who had warned him not to advance!
Luo Zheng also didn't trust the Night Demon Clan, but her voice didn't make him feel disgusted. More importantly, it would be better for him to fall into the hands of the Night Demon Clan than to fall into the hands of the Nephilim.
Luo Zheng didn't have much time to think. He changed directions without hesitation!
At this moment, Luo Zheng's eyes were wide open as he scanned the ground in front of him.
This was a mountainous area. There were tall mountains and forests everywhere, and all kinds of plants grew densely here.
After a few breaths of time, Luo Zheng narrowed his eyes. He saw a strange mountain not far in front of him. That mountain seemed to have been cut in half by a sword. The top half of the mountain was lying to the side, while the bottom half of the mountain was cut into a flat area.
And on the flat ground, there were some circular patterns.
Luo Zheng's eyes narrowed, and a wisp of green light flickered in his pupils. After using the sap of the Divine Tree to cleanse his eyes, Luo Zheng's Clear Eyes Spirit Eyes could not only see through illusions, but his eyesight had also been greatly improved!
"Three Teleportation Formations!"
Luo Zheng's eyes flashed, and he sped up.
The three Teleportation Formations were set up together, so they would definitely teleport to different areas. According to the girl from the Night Demon Clan, Luo Zheng had to enter the Teleportation Formation in the middle.
But what if that Teleportation Formation led to the territory of the Night Demon Clan? Luo Zheng would be caught without a fight!
Due to the urgency, Luo Zheng's mind was in chaos.
He suddenly raised his head, took a deep breath, and told himself to calm down. In this situation, he could only take a gamble.
Then, Luo Zheng swooped down, almost without slowing down, and directly hit the ground and rolled onto the Teleportation Formation in the middle. As soon as he steadied himself, more than a dozen top-grade True Essence Stones flew out of the Sumeru Ring on his chest.
Luo Zheng waved his hand, and the top-grade True Essence Stones instantly embedded themselves in the Teleportation Formation.
"Buzz buzz buzz!"
A blazing white light began to circulate rapidly.
"Hurry up!"
Although Luo Zheng had just used up the last strand of Astral Essence in his body, he was still unable to pull away from the three Demon Clan War Reverends. They arrived almost instantly!
Just as the three Demon Clan War Reverends arrived above the huge mountain, the blazing white light wrapped around Luo Zheng, and his figure suddenly disappeared from the Teleportation Formation.
"Damn human brat!" The leader of the Demon Clan War Reverends roared.
"Keep chasing." Another Demon Clan War Reverend expressionlessly kicked away the top-grade True Essence Stones placed by Luo Zheng, and then placed several more True Essence Stones on the Teleportation Formation. Every time the True Essence Stones were transferred, the True Essence Stones would be completely exhausted, and they would need to be placed again.
The three Demon Clan War Reverends also entered the Teleportation Formation.
After the three Demon Clan War Reverends entered the Teleportation Formation, the Demon Clan girl named Fei 'er gracefully landed on the platform, and then slowly walked towards the Teleportation Formation. She pulled out the top-grade True Essence Stones one by one, and then placed her own True Essence Stones on the Teleportation Formation.
Then, she let out a long sigh of relief.
Just now, she had been chasing after Luo Zheng, and she was also extremely anxious.
Fei 'er didn't know why there was a "King" beside Luo Zheng, and because of this, she had to figure out the secret.
"But that human youth didn't trust me and directly ran to our Yao Night Clan. Once Lady Mei arrives, those demons will all die … Fortunately, although that brat is only a human fighter, he really knows how to run. At least he's safe for now," said Fei 'er as she gracefully stepped into the teleportation formation. The Yao Night Clan always maintained their elegance under any circumstances.
This was only a small Teleportation Formation, and it could transfer a distance of about 10,000 kilometers. It didn't take much time for Luo Zheng to pass through the Teleportation Formation!
When the blazing white light gradually dissipated, Luo Zheng saw an extremely desolate world in front of him!
There was a gray plain everywhere, and there was almost no color on this plain. Everything was lifeless, as if there was no life here. What was this place?
Luo Zheng bitterly smiled, and then crushed another top-grade True Essence Stone to replenish his True Essence, and at the same time, prepared to fly again!
However …
Just when Luo Zheng was about to fly over, an extremely powerful force came from the sky, and directly pressed Luo Zheng to the ground!
That force was so powerful that Luo Zheng couldn't resist it at all!
"What a powerful Forbidden Space Restriction!" Luo Zheng felt a chill in his heart. He was getting more and more confused. Generally, Forbidden Space Restrictions only existed in sects. Why would there be such a powerful Forbidden Space Restriction in such a desolate place? What the hell was this place?
At this moment, a blazing white light flashed behind Luo Zheng, and three huge figures suddenly appeared. They were the three Demon Clan War Reverends who had chased him for more than a thousand kilometers!
Luo Zheng's face suddenly became gloomy. It seemed that he could only fight to the death.
＝＝＝＝＝

Chapter 553
At this moment, Luo Zheng adjusted his body to the extreme and kept a distance from the three Demon War Venerables as he stared at them with great vigilance.
However, to Luo Zheng's surprise, the three Demon War Venerables also changed their expressions at the sight of this scene!
"Why here?" One of the Demon War Venerables exclaimed.
"We're in trouble …" The other Demon War Venerables stared at Luo Zheng coldly.
The three powerful Demon War Venerables stared at Luo Zheng fiercely, but none of them dared to attack him.
Luo Zheng, who was tense all over and ready to fight at the risk of his life, was also full of doubts. 'Why don't they attack me?'
Right at this moment, the dazzling white light in the teleportation array lit up again. Then, Fei 'er of the Demon Night Clan walked out of the teleportation array. After glancing around, she walked past the three Demon War Venerables gracefully and walked toward Luo Zheng leisurely as if she didn't put the Demon War Venerables in her eyes at all …
Seeing this, Luo Zheng became more confused.
'This girl of the Demon Night Clan is just a battle general. How could she be so calm in front of the Demon War Venerables?'
The girl walked to Luo Zheng leisurely and looked at Luo Zheng's confused eyes with a faint smile, "You're wondering why they don't dare to attack you, right?"
Luo Zheng nodded.
Fei 'er stretched out her fingers and gestured, "This is the center of the Sea God Continent, the cursed land. If they attack you here, they will be cursed to death! Therefore … "The girl abruptly turned around and stared at the three Demon War Venerables with a faint smile," Therefore, they don't dare to attack you! "
"Cursed land?" Luo Zheng raised his eyebrows slightly.
"Yes," Fei 'er said with a smile, "They can't attack you in the cursed land. Moreover, if they step into the cursed land, they will also be cursed to death!"
"Powerhouses above the level of Battle Venerables?" Luo Zheng took in a deep breath.
Battle Venerables were equivalent to False Tribulation Realm powerhouses, while powerhouses above the level of Battle Venerables were equivalent to Life and Death Realm powerhouses! Life and Death Realm powerhouses could be cursed to death. This cursed land was much more horrifying than Luo Zheng had imagined.
"Yes," Fei 'er nodded, "Actually, that teleportation array is a trap to lure Saint powerhouses into the cursed land and use the power of the cursed land to kill them … Unfortunately, they're only Battle Venerables, otherwise, they would have been cursed to death Realm powerhouses already."
Luo Zheng's's surprise was filled filled his face.
This Chaotic Continent, or the Sea God Continent that she spoke of, was filled with oddities.
Luo Zheng was not someone from the Sea God Continent, so he naturally did not know the history.
Ever since this cursed land was born in the Sea God Continent, the various races had constructed countless teleportation arrays and left special marks on the teleportation arrays. Their goal was to trick those "Battle Sage" level powerhouses!
At the very beginning, many Battle-Saints from the various major races were unintentionally sent into the Cursed Lands and were cursed to death.
Later on, there was an unwritten rule for Saint powerhouses on the Sea God Continent. Teleportation arrays must not be used! If they stepped on the wrong teleportation array, it would be the same as certain death. That would be too unjust …
The three demons were only Battle Venerables. If they were Battle Saints, they would never dare to follow Luo Zheng into the teleportation array.
... Luo Zheng was puzzled. Why would teleportation arrays appear in the wilderness? Now, after hearing the words of the girl from the Demon Night Clan, he understood. These teleportation arrays were used to kill Battle Saints!
"Brat, consider yourself lucky this time. Don't think you're safe after entering the cursed land. If you dare to go to the Tower of Sin, I guarantee you'll die miserably!" A demon Battle Venerables sneered.
"Let's go," The other demon Battle Venerables coldly stared at Luo Zheng.
Then, the three demon Battle Venerables returned to the teleportation array. After placing True Yuan Stones, the three figures slowly disappeared with a flash of white light.
"The Tower of Sin!"
Luo Zheng's goal on the Sea God Continent was the Tower of Sin. Could it be that the Tower of Sin was in the cursed land?
The girl from the Demon Night Clan smiled, "What? You know about the Tower of Sin? "
Fei 'er was curious about Luo Zheng's identity. He didn't seem to know anything. He didn't even know the rules of the cursed land. However, he knew about the Tower of Sin …
"That's right. Where is the Tower of Sin?" Luo Zheng asked seriously.
"I can take you there, but you have to tell me first. What's up with your Sword Spirit?" Fei 'er asked.
As expected …
Luo Zheng guessed that the reason the Demon Night Clan was paying attention to him was because of his Sword Spirit, Yao Ye. It seemed that his guess was correct.
"Are you talking about her?" Luo Zheng smiled. With a flash of red light, Sword Spirit Yao Ye appeared in front of Luo Zheng.
To Luo Zheng's surprise, as soon as he summoned Sword Spirit Yao Ye, the girl from the Demon Night Clan knelt on one knee and said softly, "Greetings, Queen."
"Queen …" Luo Zheng was dumbfounded by the girl's actions.
"That's right. She's the Queen of the Demon Night Clan. Why is your Sword Spirit exactly the same as her?" Fei 'er asked.
How was he supposed to explain this?
Luo Zheng had obtained Sword Spirit Yao Ye by accident on the Slaughter Sword Mountain. Even he didn't know how to remove it. Why would it transform into a member of the Demon Night Clan after absorbing a certain amount of Sword Spirits? It was so strange that even Qinglong couldn't explain it.
Now, it was even stranger. He had encountered a member of the Demon Night Clan, and she was telling him that his Sword Spirit was the Queen of the Demon Night Clan.
"I can't explain it to you either. After my Sword Spirit transformed, it naturally became like this," Luo Zheng could only reply in this way.
Fei 'er's face was filled with confusion.
The Demon Night Clan was an extremely powerful clan in the Upper World. They also had a Holy Land on the Cloudsea Continent. Moreover, it was one of the most powerful Holy Lands in the Cloudsea Continent. Fei 'er had seen statues of their Kings in the Holy Land.
Regardless of whether it was the Upper World or the Demon Night Clan, they all had three statues.
These three statues corresponded to the three Kings of the Demon Night Clan.
The first statue was called the King of Eternal Night.
The second statue was called the King of Myriad Demons.
The third statue was called the King of Slaughter. Luo Zheng's Sword Spirit looked exactly the same as the King of Slaughter!
In fact, there was an even greater question that troubled the entire Demon Night Clan. This was because among the three statues in the Holy Land, the King of Slaughter's statue had become dim and lifeless.
This was why Fei 'er felt so strange when she saw Luo Zheng's Sword Spirit.
Seeing that the human in front of her didn't seem to know anything, Fei 'er could only give up for now. She had to wait for Lord Mei to arrive before she could solve this problem.
Luo Zheng suddenly said, "Alright, I've answered your question. Now, you have to tell me about the Tower of Sin."
Fei 'er nodded, but she didn't immediately answer Luo Zheng's question. Instead, she smiled and asked, "What's your name?"
"I'm Luo Zheng. What about you?" Luo Zheng replied with a question.
"Fei 'er." Fei' er smiled, and then she turned to look in a certain direction and pointed forward with her slender finger. "The Tower of Sin is right ahead. Let's talk as we walk!"
Along the way, Luo Zheng had a rough understanding of the situation on the Ocean God's Continent with Fei 'er's explanation.
It turned out that the Tower of Sin had appeared together with the Cursed Land!
The enormous Tower of Sin was right at the center of the Cursed Land. There were actually 13 Great Clans and over 30 Minor Clans on the Ocean God's Continent!
The human race was one of the 13 Great Clans. They'd established their own Holy Land at the northern end of the Ocean God's Continent, the Violet Heart Holy Land.
However, among the 13 Great Clans, the human race's Violet Heart Holy Land was ranked at the bottom!
Luo Zheng had learned from the Demon Race's War Reverend that the human race seemed to be very weak on the Ocean God's Continent. Now that he heard Fei 'er's explanation, it seemed that the human race was much weaker than what Luo Zheng had imagined.
It must be known that whether it was the Central Domain, the Eastern Domain, or even the four Divine Kingdoms, the human race was the absolute powerhouse. The other Clans didn't have any space to live. However, the human race wasn't the dominant force on this continent. Luo Zheng naturally found it strange.
Soon, Luo Zheng understood why this was the case.
It was because the powerhouses on the Ocean God's Continent all came from the Tower of Sin!
The Tower of Sin had cultivation resources that surpassed Luo Zheng's imagination. Thus, it had become a place that all the Great Clans fought over. However, Battle Saint level powerhouses were unable to enter the Tower of Sin. Thus, the most important thing for the Great Clans every year was to send their clansmen into the Tower of Sin to cultivate and fight for the resources within!
"You'll understand the details after you enter the Tower of Sin." Fei 'er faintly smiled. In any case, her goal was to stick to Luo Zheng until Lord Mei arrived. This information wasn't a secret, so she was naturally happy to tell Luo Zheng.
Since they couldn't fly, the two of them could only walk on foot. With the speed of a martial artist, even running on the ground was extremely fast. Thus, after several hours, Luo Zheng finally saw a massive tower.
"There, that's the Tower of Sin!" Fei 'er pointed at a massive object not too far away.
The Tower of Sin was actually upside down …

Chapter 554
The Tower of Sin had brought Luo Zheng a lot of questions.
Now, Luo Zheng finally understood why Immortal Tian Miao couldn't enter the Tower of Sin in the past. It was because Immortal Tian Miao's strength far exceeded the War Reverend realm, and he would also be killed by the curse!
Even Immortal Tian Miao was afraid of the power of the curse in this cursed land, it was simply unbelievable!
What was the connection between the cursed land and the Tower of Sin? Why did they appear on this continent? Everything was a huge mystery.
"The Tower of Sin is upside down, there's nothing strange about it!" Fei 'er explained, "Actually, only a small part of the Tower of Sin is exposed on the surface, most of it is buried deep underground." Fei' er smiled.
How could someone build a tower like this?
Such a huge tower, it couldn't be built slowly by digging a huge hole, right?
The biggest possibility was that someone had grabbed the tower and stabbed it deep into the ground! Luo Zheng had this strange thought in his mind.
Fei 'er had no idea what Luo Zheng was thinking. She just told Luo Zheng that he had to register before entering the Tower of Sin.
As they approached the Tower of Sin, the number of living beings gradually increased.
In fact, there was a sizable town surrounding the Tower of Sin. In the Sea God's Continent, which was filled with slaughter and war, this town appeared particularly peaceful. As it was impossible to fight in the Cursed Land, all kinds of races coexisted peacefully in this town, which was a rare sight.
Fei 'er led Luo Zheng into the small town, then they found a human building.
"To enter the Tower of Sin, you have to register with your own race, and get a nameplate before you can enter." Fei 'er said. "This is the registration center for you humans."
Human warriors kept walking in and out of the building. Without hesitation, Luo Zheng walked into the building as well.
A huge table was placed in the middle of the building, and a human warrior was sitting next to the table. According to the Central Domain's standards, he was a Divine Core warrior, but in the Sea Dragon Continent, he was called a War General.
When the human warrior saw Luo Zheng, he smiled. "Don't tell me a Seventh Grade human warrior wants to enter the Tower of Sin!"
"Is it not suitable?" Luo Zheng blinked his eyes and asked.
"I admire those with courage, but believe me, you're just courting death. Even if you're a genius from the Purple Heart Holy Land, entering the Tower is the same as courting death." The human warrior said with an indifferent tone.
Humans had two major advantages in cultivation. First, they had a large population, and second, they were born to cultivate the True Yuan system.
However, on the Sea Dragon Continent, these two advantages of humans were actually disadvantages.
The Central Region and the four Divine Kingdoms were rich in resources. They were almost inexhaustible. The human race's advantage in numbers was reflected. Taking advantage of the situation would always give birth to more powerful and monstrous geniuses. Moreover, there were abundant resources to nurture these geniuses.
However, the resources of the Sea Dragon Continent were extremely scarce. Under such circumstances, the advantage of the human population could not be reflected. Furthermore, almost all the experts on the Sea Dragon Continent had grown through the information in the Tower of Sin before they became Battle Sages!
In the Tower of Sin, the only thing that mattered was the strength of individuals!
Compared to the Yao Ye Clan, the Yao Clan, the Demon Clan, and some other races, humans didn't have an advantage. Because of this, there were very few seats for humans in the Tower of Sin. This directly caused the younger generation of humans to have a harder time in the Tower of Sin.
Although the Purple Heart Holy Land was called a Holy Land, it was much weaker than the Holy Lands of the other races.
"I must enter the Tower of Sin." Luo Zheng didn't explain much.
The human warrior nodded and didn't try to persuade him. He helped Luo Zheng complete the registration and threw a steel nameplate to Luo Zheng. "Then … I wish you good luck."
After the human warrior failed to persuade him, he could only smile regretfully. From his point of view, people like Luo Zheng who didn't know the immensity of heaven and earth often couldn't survive the first night in the Tower of Sin.
"Did you get the nameplate?" Seeing Luo Zheng come out, Fei`er immediately went up and asked.
Luo Zheng waved the nameplate in front of Fei`er and said, "Let's go!"
There were some markets, auction houses, and so on in this small town, but Luo Zheng wasn't very interested in them. After shuttling through the small town for a while, they finally arrived at the bottom of the Tower of Sin.
From afar, one could feel the size of the tower. When Luo Zheng got closer and looked at the colossus in front of him, he felt a kind of oppressive aura!
Because the Tower of Sin was upside down, someone had built a staircase to the side. After walking up the staircase, two tall and sturdy giants blocked Luo Zheng and Fei`er's path.
These giants were more than twice the size of the Demon Clan. They were six zhang tall. According to the standards of the human race, each of them was probably born with divine strength.
"Nameplates." One of the giants said in a muffled voice.
Luo Zheng and Fei`er took out their nameplates at the same time. Luo Zheng noticed that Fei`er's nameplate was completely different from Luo Zheng's. Her nameplate seemed to be plated with a layer of purple gold.
"Fei`er, why is your nameplate different?" Luo Zheng asked.
"Every floor of the Tower of Sin has a different nameplate. The nameplate in your hand belongs to the first floor. If you are qualified to enter the next floor, you will need to change it. You will know once you enter," Fei`er said with a smile.
After inspecting the nameplates, the two giants opened the huge door for Luo Zheng and Fei`er. Luo Zheng finally stepped into the first floor of the Tower of Sin.
When Luo Zheng entered the Tower of Sin, it was as if he had entered a huge palace. After shuttling through a long and narrow corridor, he was greeted by a huge platform. At this moment, two creatures were constantly fighting each other on the platform. The scene was extremely fiery!
The platform was surrounded by a crowd of onlookers. Most of the cultivators here were warriors like Luo Zheng. The cultivators fighting on the platform were also warriors.
"You can fight in the Tower of Sin?" Luo Zheng asked.
Fei`er nodded, "You can say that, or you can fight in the Tower of Sin's arena! In fact … rather than saying that the Tower of Sin is a place for cultivation, it is more like a place for fighting! This place is a miniature version of the Sea Dragon Continent's major races! All the cultivation resources are obtained through fighting. The powerhouses who grow up in the Tower of Sin are the true powerhouses! "
"The strength of these fellows is only at the warrior level. Why did the human in charge of registration keep advising me not to enter the Tower of Sin?" Luo Zheng noticed that whether it was the cultivators in the arena or outside the arena, most of them were warriors. There were almost no warriors.
"Because you're a human." Fei`er giggled, "This is very normal. Human warriors and warriors are generally weak. In the past, I also entered the Tower of Sin as a warrior, but no one advised me not to enter the Tower of Sin!"
Luo Zheng's eyes flickered. Was the human race weak to this extent?
The battle on the arena was nearing its end.
It was a battle between a demon and a short but very robust beastman.
Both of these creatures walked the path of body tempering. Under the eruption of their vital essence, they won in a head-on clash! Every time they collided, the spectator stands would erupt with fierce cheers. The two creatures seemed to have gone berserk and were fighting in the most barbaric way possible!
In the end, the demon warrior won by a small margin. With a fierce elbow strike, he knocked the beastman unconscious. Then, he grabbed the beastman's body and forcibly tore off its head.
Blood sprayed out like a fountain, scattering all over the arena.
The spectators seemed to have long since become accustomed to this. The blood seemed to make them even more excited. Everyone shouted loudly, "Ying Na! Ying Na! Ying Na … "
Ying Na should be the name of the demon warrior. He casually waved the beastman's head and roared, "Who else dares to challenge me! Challenge my demon race! You scum of an inferior race! "
The spectator stands immediately boiled over. On one hand, there were cheers from the demons, and on the other hand, there were curses from the other races.

Chapter 555
Seeing the puzzled look on Luo Zheng's face, Fei 'er seemed to have expected this.
As if this was completely within Fei 'er's expectations, she smiled and explained, "The Tower of Sin is a very strange tower. It seems to have a life of its own and can absorb everything within it."
"Absorb everything?" Luo Zheng's face became even more puzzled.
"Yes, whether it's blood or anything else, as long as it's lifeless, it will be absorbed by the tower. If a weapon is left on the ground for too long, it will also be absorbed," Fei 'er explained.
"It can even absorb weapons?" Luo Zheng said in astonishment.
Fei 'er nodded, "Anything lifeless will be absorbed after a period of time. If no one deals with the dead, it will also be absorbed by the tower for a period of time."
Before he had time to sigh, a milky white light suddenly condensed in the arena and shot into the nameplate on the Demon's chest.
Although Luo Zheng didn't know what that light was, Luo Zheng could feel that it contained an extremely pure energy, which seemed to have a great attraction to him. He instinctively wanted to snatch that energy and refine it.
"What is that?" Luo Zheng asked.
"A reward, a reward given by the Tower of Sin. We call it the Light of Good Fortune. If you defeat your opponent in the arena, you can obtain a portion of the Light of Good Fortune as a reward. The stronger your opponent, the more Light of Good Fortune you can obtain," Fei 'er said lightly, "Although this conjecture has not been confirmed, the creatures of the Sea Dragon Continent generally believe that the things quietly absorbed by the Tower of Sin are actually transformed into Light of Good Fortune to reward the victors."
"Light of Good Fortune!"
It wasn't that Luo Zheng had never seen Light of Good Fortune. In the Rising Dragon Arena, Luo Zheng had obtained a large amount of Light of Good Fortune because the Rising Dragon Arena had accumulated countless years of Light of Good Fortune and had been absorbed by Luo Zheng. Afterwards, Luo Zheng's cultivation rapidly improved!
However, the Light of Creation in front of him seemed to be somewhat different from the Light of Creation in the Rising Dragon Arena. The Light of Creation did not directly enter his body, but instead entered his nameplate.
Qinglong probably also noticed the problem and laughed in Luo Zheng's mind. "Indeed, the Light of Creation is similar to the Light of Creation of the True Dragon Tribe. The Light of Creation in the Rising Dragon Platform can directly improve one's cultivation. The white light in the Tower of Sin … is also a kind of Light of Creation, but it still needs to be refined."
"I see …"
Only now did Luo Zheng understand why the creatures of the Sea God Continent valued the Tower of Sin so much.
Cultivating in the Rising Dragon Arena was indeed fast, but the Light of Creation within the Rising Dragon Arena required a long time to accumulate. For example, Luo Zheng was the first to enter the Rising Dragon Arena. He had absorbed almost all of the Light of Creation within the Rising Dragon Arena. As a result, the amount of Light of Creation that those who entered after him would be much less.
In the Tower of Sin, as long as one defeated one's opponent, one would be able to continuously obtain Light of Creation and rapidly improve one's cultivation!
As long as one controlled the Tower of Sin, one's race would have a super holy land for cultivation …
However, there were many races on the Sea God Continent. In addition to the existence of the Cursed Lands, the powerhouses of the continent were unable to enter the Tower of Sin. Thus, until now, no race had been able to completely control the Tower of Sin. As a result, the continent had always been in a state of chaos!
It was also because of the Tower of Sin that geniuses would emerge from every race. As a result, the Sea God Continent had yet to be ruled by a single race.
Just as Luo Zheng was analyzing the problem, the demon warrior named Yinna in the arena coldly swept his gaze around and roared, "Yinna still wants to challenge others today. Who dares to come up?!"
"Yinna has already won six consecutive victories today!"
"Going up means death. Who dares to go up?!"
"Those monsters are all in seclusion. I don't think anyone dares to challenge him."
The creatures on the spectator stands discussed animatedly.
Despite Yinna's constant roars, no one dared to go up.
At this moment, Yinna's gaze suddenly shifted to the arena below and stared at Luo Zheng. "Human warriors? Haha, don't humans only dare to enter the Tower of Sin after reaching the Warlord rank? When did a human warrior enter the Tower of Sin? "
After Yinna's words, all the creatures' gazes focused on Luo Zheng.
The status of the human race on the Sea God Continent was not high, and their strength was also considered relatively weak. The famous Purple Heart Sacred Ground was also bitterly supported by a few monstrous old monsters back then. Now, it was at the point where there was a shortage of fresh blood.
Once those old monsters fell, the status of the Purple Heart Holy Lands would most likely be in jeopardy.
In the Sea God Continent, the Tower of Sin was a place that everyone fought over. Every year, the human race would send many human geniuses to the Tower of Sin to cultivate. However, they would only enter the Tower of Sin after cultivating to the Warlord rank. As for human warriors … they were extremely rare in the Tower of Sin.
Demon warriors? Luo Zheng's eyes flashed and a faint smile appeared on his face.
He didn't plan to fight today. He had just entered the Tower of Sin and wanted to figure out the situation here first. However, he didn't expect that he would be targeted as soon as he entered.
"Do you have the guts to come up? Human warrior! "Yinna roared," Let me tear your neck off! "
"That demon has his eyes on you," Fei-er reminded, still wearing a calm smile on her face. Her task was to keep an eye on Luo Zheng and wait for Lord Mei to arrive so that she could unravel the secret of Luo Zheng's sword spirit. Previously, Luo Zheng had been chased by three Demon Race War Venerables for more than a thousand li. Even Fei-er couldn't do that. Therefore, even if Luo Zheng stepped onto the arena, Fei-er wasn't worried.
"If that's the case …" Luo Zheng loosened up his wrists and strode into the arena.
"That human brat actually came up!"
"Hahaha, aren't humans all cowards? Let me think, how many years has it been since a human warrior stepped onto the arena? "
"Yinna, tear his neck off and eat him. Human flesh is very delicious!"
All the creatures believed that this was a battle with a great disparity in strength, so they hoped that Yinna would be able to kill Luo Zheng!
In fact, the atmosphere of the Tower of Sin had always been like this. From the moment of its birth, slaughter and death had been the main melody here.
"You actually dared to step onto the arena, I'm very surprised," Yinna licked his lips, "It seems that the Human Race not only produces cowards, but also stupid pigs! Hahahaha! "
This level of provocation was meaningless to Luo Zheng. His expression didn't change in the slightest. He just looked indifferently at the demon warrior in front of him, as if he was looking at a dead man.
Yinna didn't like this kind of gaze. It was as if a person who had been in a high position for a long time was looking down at him. He didn't know why Luo Zheng had such an imposing manner!
Since he didn't like it, he would tear it to shreds. This was Yinna's principle!
"Die, human boy, use your wails to express your pain!" Yinna roared, and the vital essence in his body suddenly erupted. He was like a desolate ancient beast as he rushed towards Luo Zheng.
"Not all humans are cowards …" Luo Zheng said indifferently. Facing the charging Yinna, Luo Zheng stretched out a finger.
The moment Yinna rushed towards him, Luo Zheng's hand suddenly moved, and his ten fingers suddenly touched Yinna's head.
"Pa!"
Luo Zheng's figure moved slightly to the side, avoiding Yinna's huge body. During the entire process, he only moved a single step.
Everyone only saw Yinna's head turn into a bloody mist in an instant. His headless body rushed a few steps away, and then fell to the ground with a plop.
The originally noisy spectator stands were now completely silent.
In fact, this kind of bloody slaughter happened every day in the Tower of Sin. Duels of great disparity in strength were often staged.
These creatures were not shocked by Luo Zheng's method of killing Yinna, but by the fact that Luo Zheng was a human.
There were many geniuses among humans. Otherwise, it would be impossible for them to be ranked as one of the 13 major clans.
But human warriors were famous for being weak! Therefore, the people sent into the Tower of Sin by the Purple Heart Holy Land were almost all at the general level. As for human warriors, they were just sending them to their deaths.
But just now, this human warrior of the seventh rank actually used a finger to kill a demon warrior!
This caused all of the living beings to be extremely shocked!
After the scene was silent for a while, all the creatures began to whisper.
The blood of the demon warrior soaked into the platform bit by bit. A milky white light suddenly appeared on the platform, and then shot into Luo Zheng's nameplate.
After the Light of Creation was poured into the ordinary-looking metal nameplate, it began to feel heavy.
"Immortal Tian Miao was right. The Tower of Sin is indeed a good place to quickly increase one's strength, but … it's not so easy to enter the bottom of the Tower of Sin," Luo Zheng thought to himself as he stood in the arena.
Just as Luo Zheng was about to leave the arena, a tall and sturdy figure walked onto the arena. "Boy, you want to leave after winning one round?"
＝＝＝＝＝

Chapter 556
Behind Luo Zheng was a warrior of the ninth step. He wore a fiery red armor and held a blood-red axe in his hand. His expression was grave and stern, as if he wanted to eat Luo Zheng alive.
Inside the Tower of Sin, every race worked together. Only in this way could they make full use of their strength to monopolize the resources of the Tower of Sin.
If a monstrous genius appeared in a race, that race would inevitably send elites to kill that genius in his infancy.
The Tower of Sin was like an accelerated world, a place where geniuses matured. If not restrained, as long as one's talent was monstrous enough, their rise would inevitably be as fast as a comet!
Luo Zheng's debut inside the Tower of Sin could only be described as astonishing!
But the demon race was one of the top three powers in the Tower of Sin, so how could they let Luo Zheng go?
Luo Zheng had already walked to the edge of the stage, but when he heard the provocation of the demon race, he retracted his foot that had just taken a step forward.
Although Luo Zheng was clear that the Light of Good Fortune in the Tower of Sin was somewhat different from the one in the Rising Dragon Arena, and that every race had their own secret methods, since the Light of Good Fortune in the Tower of Sin could also increase one's cultivation, Luo Zheng would naturally accept as much as he could.
Moreover, killing intent was equally important to Luo Zheng.
Since entering the Sea God Continent, Luo Zheng had already killed dozens of demons, accumulating a lot of killing intent.
And the demon called "Ying Na" he had just killed had even more killing intent. This was a good opportunity for Luo Zheng to accumulate killing intent.
The 《Ten Thousand Fiend Karmic Wheel》 was indeed an extremely powerful cultivation method, but because Luo Zheng lacked killing intent, he could only use the first layer of the 《Killing Wheel》. If he wanted to continue cultivating, he would need even more killing intent. In the past, Luo Zheng didn't have so many opportunities to obtain killing intent.
Since he could obtain both killing intent and Light of Good Fortune here, why wouldn't Luo Zheng do it?
Luo Zheng turned around and smiled faintly, "Of course you can stay here."
The demon race warrior of the ninth step laughed loudly, "Very good, I'm called …"
"I'm not interested in knowing your name," Luo Zheng's smile disappeared.
"Why?" The demon warrior's reaction was always a bit slow.
"Because you're about to die."
As soon as Luo Zheng's voice fell, the Vital Spirit in his body suddenly erupted, and his figure suddenly disappeared.
The demon warrior's brain was slow, but its movements were not slow at all. After discovering that Luo Zheng had suddenly disappeared, it instantly raised the huge axe in its hand.
However, the giant axe was only raised halfway when Luo Zheng threw a punch directly at the middle of the giant axe. Luo Zheng had used 90% of his strength in this punch, and he didn't borrow the strength of the dragon scale, but it was enough to bend the giant axe!
At the same time, the curved huge axe turned over and swept towards the demon fighter. Even though the demon fighter bulged his muscles and wanted to resist the pressure with his great brute force, it was still in vain.
Luo Zheng's punch couldn't be blocked by a warrior. It would be more likely if it was a warrior!
"Kacha!"
Under the immense pressure, the demon's bones were forcibly crushed by Luo Zheng. Then, Luo Zheng pointed a finger at the demon warrior's head again.
"Peng!"
Brown blood splattered all over the arena and was quickly absorbed by the arena.
The scene once again fell into a state of silence.
If the first time Luo Zheng defeated Yingna, it was because of his technique and speed, then the second time he killed the ninth step demon warrior, it was because of his overwhelming strength!
Many creatures were unable to react for a while.
How could a human be able to suppress the Demon Race?
The demon race was a powerful race on the Sea God Continent. In terms of pure strength, they might not be as strong as the giants, but the demons were more balanced than the giants. In terms of individual strength, they might only lose to the Yao Ye clan!
And humans were never a race that excelled in strength! But why was this human brat's strength so great that it made one's hair stand on end?
"He's clearly a human warrior of the seventh step, but he suppressed a demon warrior of the ninth step with his strength …"
"It's best not to provoke this human!"
"He must be killed! If he enters the lower levels of the Tower of Sin, once he matures, the human race will have one more seat! "
Among the creatures of the various races on the stage, there were many spies.
These creatures would not fight in the arena, but they would constantly collect information and record the geniuses from other races. Then, they would report to their superiors and think of a way to kill these geniuses.
After the two rounds of slaughter, no one dared to challenge Luo Zheng for the time being.
At this moment, no one dared to ridicule him for being from the human race. This world had always been like this. Once your strength exceeded everyone's expectations, they would have no choice but to reevaluate you. Perhaps these creatures would prepare more schemes to deal with Luo Zheng, but at the very least, they had to look at Luo Zheng seriously.
After walking down the stage, Fei`er smiled and said, "I'll bring you to register your points. The Tower of Sin has more than this."
The core of the Tower of Sin was indeed the stage. Because other than the stage, there was a complete set of facilities built around the stage.
Under Fei`er's lead, Luo Zheng quickly found the place where he could exchange his points.
After two rounds of battle, Luo Zheng's reward was a top grade true origin stone and 20 points.
"What can I do with these points?" Luo Zheng asked.
Fei`er smiled and said, "You can do anything you want!"
All the facilities in the Tower of Sin were very complete. Points could be used to rent secret cultivation rooms, squandered, obtained all kinds of information, and exchanged for secret cultivation methods.
As soon as Luo Zheng finished exchanging his points, two men and one woman walked towards him, three human warriors.
When the three human generals saw that Luo Zheng was with a woman from the Yao Night Clan, a strange expression appeared on their faces.
The human race also had spies on the first level. As soon as they received the news, they hurriedly rushed down from the upper level.
The leader glanced at Luo Zheng indifferently and said with a slightly arrogant smile, "You are Luo Zheng? I heard you just killed two demon warriors on the first level? That's right, come with us! "
Luo Zheng wasn't too surprised that they knew his name. However, Luo Zheng didn't like this person's tone. He just glanced at him indifferently and said to Fei`er, "Take me to other places."
Seeing that Luo Zheng had completely ignored him, that person's face was filled with anger. He then coldly said, "My name is Xing Hui, and I come from the Purple Heart Holy Land. Since you've chosen to enter the Tower of Sin, you should understand that we humans should stick together. Otherwise, you have no other choice but to die."
Luo Zheng glanced at this human warrior called Xing Hui indifferently and said, "You said that we humans should stick together. I understand. That is indeed the case for the same race, but what qualifications do you have to order me around?"
"You! Without our Purple Heart Holy Land's protection, you won't live for more than three days! " Xing Hui said angrily. In Xing Hui's opinion, he had personally come down from the upper level to see Luo Zheng. He didn't expect that this guy didn't appreciate it at all and didn't put him in his eyes at all!
"How long I live should have nothing to do with you." After saying that, Luo Zheng blinked and walked away without looking at him. Fei`er just showed an apologetic smile and followed behind Luo Zheng.
After Luo Zheng left, Xing Hui's face was still full of anger, "This brat …"
Instead, it was Xing Hui's other companion who grumbled, "Why do you have to threaten him? This person's strength is indeed extraordinary. If he can grow quickly in the Tower of Sin, he may be able to fight for a seat with our human race! "
"Count on this brat? Count on a human warrior? "Xing Hui sneered.
"When you were still a warrior, were you able to defeat a warrior of the Demon Race? At that time, you didn't even dare to enter the Tower of Sin, right? "Another female warrior said coldly.
"Shuang 'er …" Xing Hui still wanted to explain.
"Enough," The female warrior called Shuang 'er shook her head, "Let's observe him for a while. That Yao Ye clansman seems to be giving him pointers. I don't think this brat is so stupid as to casually challenge some powerhouses he can't defeat. After a while, I will go and communicate with him."
Since the human race had taken notice of Luo Zheng, the other races naturally wouldn't fall behind.
On the first floor of the Tower of Sin, all kinds of undercurrents were surging as news of Luo Zheng spread through various channels.

Chapter 557
Despite the undercurrent, Luo Zheng was not afraid at all.
The Tower of Sin was a relatively safe place.
Although the Tower of Sin was not affected by the Cursed Land, the Tower of Sin still abided by its own set of rules.
Apart from the Arena, fighting was strictly prohibited in other places.
Regardless of whether it was a dispute between the races or a life and death grudge, they all had to be settled in the arena. Outside the arena was a safe zone. If any living being violated the rules and fought outside the arena, they would be hunted down by all the races!
"This is the living area," Fei 'er patiently explained, "The secret cultivation rooms here can be rented for a day with one point. However, this is only the most ordinary secret cultivation room. There are also secret cultivation rooms that cost 100 points a day."
"100 points to rent a secret cultivation room for a day?" Luo Zheng had only won two matches so far and only had 20 points. Obviously, it was not enough to rent a secret cultivation room like this.
"Yes, the flow of time in this secret cultivation room is ten to one," Fei 'er said.
"Flow of time?" Luo Zheng raised his eyebrows.
"Yes," Fei 'er nodded.
Only the Law of Time could change the flow of time in an area.
When Luo Zheng was baptized by the Laws, he comprehended nine basic Laws in the Upper Realm. However, he lacked the Law of Time.
Time was king, while space was venerated. These two Laws were the most powerful Laws in the world. The Dragon Bloodline Clan did not have an obelisk for the Law of Time. Perhaps it was because there were no experts in the Dragon Bloodline Clan who were proficient in the Law of Time, so they could not create an obelisk for the Law of Time.
This secret cultivation room was good news for Luo Zheng.
He did not have much time.
If he could obtain enough points, Luo Zheng could enter this secret cultivation room to cultivate. One day was equivalent to ten days. If Luo Zheng stayed inside for a year, it would be equivalent to ten years of cultivation in the outside world. This could greatly reduce the time Luo Zheng needed to cultivate!
However, Luo Zheng was more concerned about the Law of Time.
"You said that the Tower of Sin has all kinds of cultivation methods. Then, are there any cultivation methods related to the Law of Time?" Luo Zheng asked.
"Of course there are. However … there aren't any on the first floor. I'm afraid you'll have to enter the next few floors before you have the chance to come into contact with these things," said Fei 'er with a smile.
Luo Zheng nodded and then asked, "How do we get to the next floor?"
"One hundred points," Fei-er answered simply.
One hundred points wasn't difficult. For Luo Zheng, the first floor wasn't difficult at all. Warriors weren't much of a threat to Luo Zheng.
However, Luo Zheng had no plans to enter the next floor for the time being. He wanted to familiarize himself with the rules of the Tower of Sin before entering the next floor.
Although Luo Zheng was confident in his own strength, he did not forget that there were war elder level existences in the Tower of Sin. With Luo Zheng's current strength, even if he faced a war elder of the first stage, he would not be able to deal with it, not to mention that there should be even higher level war elders.
After renting a secret cultivation room, Luo Zheng sat down cross-legged and took out the nameplate from the Tower of Sin. Although this nameplate looked ordinary, it was able to absorb the Light of Good Fortune. Presumably, it contained a mystery that Luo Zheng was not aware of.
After absorbing the Light of Good Fortune, the nameplate emitted a faint white luster.
The moment Luo Zheng activated the nameplate, the Light of Good Fortune within it slowly surged towards Luo Zheng's body.
This Light of Good Fortune gave Luo Zheng a familiar feeling. Every race had different secret techniques, but all roads led to the same destination. This Light of Good Fortune was very similar to the Light of Good Fortune in the Rising Dragon Arena.
Little bits of Light of Good Fortune poured into Luo Zheng's body and gathered towards Luo Zheng's Dantian. The true essence within his body also began to circulate naturally.
After this period of adventuring, Luo Zheng had a faint feeling of making a breakthrough. Although Luo Zheng hadn't obtained much Light of Good Fortune, it was more than enough for Luo Zheng to make a breakthrough.
An eighth level Divine Reflection realm martial artist, according to the Sea God Continent, was an eighth level martial artist.
But, his cultivation was still too slow …
Unless Luo Zheng reached the level of a War Lord and also obtained the inheritance at the bottom of the Tower of Sin, he would have a chance of defeating Cui Xie!
Within the Wheel of Destiny, Cui Xie had already proven that his destiny could not be underestimated. He could find a woman with the Extreme Violet Yin Body at any time to open the Heavenly Demon Joyous Union Array. Time was far too tight for Luo Zheng.
Thinking of this, Luo Zheng suddenly asked, "Red Dragon, now that the dao platform has been opened, you must fulfill your promise."
Luo Zheng didn't know what a transcendent divine might meant.
But, this was still a cultivation method that a True Dragon cultivated. Just the Divine Pattern Technique alone had given Luo Zheng extraordinary benefits, much less the transcendent divine might that Red Dragon spoke of.
Red Dragon chuckled. "Boy, I knew you hadn't forgotten."
"Of course I haven't forgotten!" After opening the dao platform, Luo Zheng had been chased down by the demons and hadn't had a chance to cultivate.
"In truth, the transcendent divine might that I taught you is only an incomplete transcendent divine might. But, a transcendent divine might is still a transcendent divine might. Even an incomplete cultivation method is far more powerful than an ordinary cultivation method." The Red Dragon's tone was filled with pride and satisfaction.
Luo Zheng nodded.
"Listen well. This transcendent divine might is called the Stellar Battle Body." Red Dragon proudly said.
"Oh." Luo Zheng expressionlessly said.
"…" Seeing Luo Zheng's calm appearance, Red Dragon felt a bit unbalanced in his heart. This boy simply didn't understand the meaning of these four words! "This Stellar Battle Body can draw the power of the stars into your body and use it for your own use! The more stars you can draw upon, the more powerful your body will be. "
"Draw in the power of the stars … for your own use." Luo Zheng blinked.
After Luo Zheng had used the Sun Moon Star Diagram to visualize the stars, his true essence contained a terrifying power of annihilating stars. But, visualization was only visualization; it wasn't the true power of the stars. He never thought that there would be such a cultivation method in this world that could directly draw upon the power of the stars.
"In truth, the Stellar Battle Body can only display its full power after opening the nine stars of the Spiritual Pedestal Realm. But, you've already opened the Hundred Meetings Platform, so you can cultivate it." Red Dragon said. "But, I must remind you that although the Stellar Battle Body is a transcendent divine might, it is still incomplete in the end. There is only the first half. In the future, when you reach a bottleneck in your cultivation, you won't be able to display its greatest power!"
The future that Red Dragon spoke of was probably a very distant matter for Luo Zheng. Now that Luo Zheng was in the Tower of Sin, he naturally had to do everything he could to strengthen himself. He couldn't think of anything else. Even if it was incomplete, it would still be of great benefit to the current Luo Zheng!
"The first stage of the Stellar Battle Body is to draw upon the stars. As long as you can draw upon one of the stars in the sky, it will suffice," Red Dragon said.
Luo Zheng looked up and said, "Stars in the sky? How could there be stars in this chamber? "
"I forgot to say that the Stellar Battle Body must be cultivated in the starry night. There is no way to cultivate it here …" Red Dragon chuckled.
Luo Zheng rolled his eyes and finally left the cultivation chamber.
Fei 'er had been waiting outside, as if she were afraid that Luo Zheng would run away. Seeing Luo Zheng leave the chamber, Fei' er's eyes brightened. "You broke through?"
Luo Zheng nodded.
"Are you still going to the arena?" Fei 'er asked again.
"Not now," Luo Zheng planned to wait outside the Tower of Sin and see if he could draw upon the power of the stars according to Red Dragon's method.
"Is that so? In such a short time, there are already several groups of people waiting for you … "
As soon as Fei 'er's voice fell, six or seven demons blocked Luo Zheng's path. The demons' tall bodies almost completely blocked the path, not allowing Luo Zheng to pass.
"Human brat …"
"I don't have time."
Before the Demon Race fighter could speak, Luo Zheng beat him to it.
"You don't have time? You don't have the right to choose, hehe! "One of the demons sneered.
Luo Zheng's eyes flashed, "You plan to fight here?"
"They don't dare, but they can make it so that you can't leave," Fei 'er said with a smile. She had seen this kind of thing many times before.
The Tower of Sin didn't allow fighting in the safe area, but there were many loopholes in this rule!
The most common one was to send a Death Warrior to assassinate someone! In any case, the Death Warrior only represented himself. Whether the assassination failed or not, the Death Warrior would die in the end. Naturally, he wouldn't be afraid of being hunted down by all the races. But if it was a genius from another race, the Death Warrior's life would be worth it. Almost every race had their own Death Warrior specially trained for assassination, to eliminate the geniuses of the enemy race!
But with Luo Zheng's current performance, there was no need to use a Death Warrior.
The second method, which was the lowest method, was to provoke. If the provocation failed, then they could be even more despicable, and that was to block the path!
Although the Tower of Sin was extremely wide, the residential area was still divided into several narrow paths. Those demons were so tall that they could almost touch the ceiling, almost blocking the path. If one did not agree to the other party's challenge, these demons would act like hoodlums and block the path tightly. Although this was unreasonable, in the end, they did not make a move …

Chapter 558
Looking at this group of demons that was like a small mountain, Luo Zheng rolled his eyes. In order to force him to fight, these guys were really unscrupulous.
What's more, they were just a group of demons. Even if they wanted to die, this wasn't the way to go!
Luo Zheng looked around indifferently. These demons were just standing there, intending to accept their challenge. Since they wanted to give him the Light of Good Fortune, Luo Zheng couldn't find a reason to refuse.
At this moment, a black-skinned demon appeared behind these demon warriors.
This demon was a size smaller than the other demons, and his eyes flashed with a cold light. When his gaze swept across the face, it even gave people the feeling of being sliced by a sharp knife!
This demon was only a warlord, but he could actually give off such a strong pressure. Luo Zheng also revealed a trace of astonishment.
"Get out of the way," the demon general said coldly.
The demons that were blocking the road showed two kinds of expressions when they saw the demon general behind them, fear and awe!
"It's Lord Moon Guardian! Get out of the way! "
"Don't push me, Lord Moon Guardian, please accept my bow!"
These demon warriors quickly opened a path so that Luo Zheng could directly face the thin demon general. From what the demons said, Luo Zheng knew that this demon general was called Moon Guardian.
The Moon Guardian stepped forward, his cold eyes fixed on Luo Zheng, "Although you belong to the Human Race, you are not an ordinary warrior."
"What does this have to do with you?" Luo Zheng wasn't afraid at all as he stared at the Moon Guardian and asked.
"It's not just my Demon Race that wants your life, the Giants, the Beastmen, and …" Moon Guardian's gaze fell onto Fei 'er who was standing behind Luo Zheng, and a trace of surprise appeared on his face. Then he said, "Even the Demon Night Clan wants your life. We have dozens of ways to kill you, but I think the best way is to deal with you in the arena. I'll be waiting for you on the tenth floor. I hope you don't run away or hide here forever."
Hearing Moon Guardian's words, Luo Zheng suddenly laughed involuntarily. After his smile disappeared, he slowly said, "My purpose in coming to the Tower of Sin is, of course, to enter the higher floors. As for which floor you are waiting for me on, it has nothing to do with me. You don't need to tell me, because your strength isn't worth my attention."
Luo Zheng's words made the faces of the Demon Race people change dramatically!
Yue Shou only had the cultivation of a general, but his position in the demon race was higher than many war reverends!
The Demon Race had two sacred grounds on the Sea God Continent. One was called the Flame Demon Sacred Ground, and the other was called the Fear Demon Sacred Ground. Moon Shou was the strongest genius in the Flame Demon Sacred Ground! He was on par with the other genius in the Fear Demon Sacred Ground!
This was also why the Demon Race people were so respectful when they saw Moon Shou! With Moon Shou's talent, it wouldn't be long before he could step into the top floor of the Tower of Sin and help the Demon Race obtain a new seat.
In the eyes of many Demon Race people, Lord Moon Guardian personally coming here to declare war on Luo Zheng was making a mountain out of a molehill. Why use a butcher's knife to kill a chicken? Not to mention a small human warrior, even a human general didn't need Lord Moon Guardian to personally come out.
Originally, many Demon Race people were puzzled by this.
Therefore, when Lord Moon Guardian personally declared war on Luo Zheng, Luo Zheng's strength was infinitely raised in the hearts of many Demon Race people! It seemed that this human warrior wasn't someone they could deal with.
What they didn't expect was that Luo Zheng was even more arrogant than they thought! It was as if he didn't put Lord Moon Guardian in his eyes!
Many of the Demon Clansmen were enraged.
"Human brat, you …."
Just as the Demon Race people were about to roar, Moon Guardian raised his hand to stop them. He said indifferently to Luo Zheng, "Not bad. There are very few humans with such courage. I'm looking forward to fighting with you more and more."
After speaking, Moon Guardian turned to leave. However, before he left, he seemed to have thought of something and said to the Demon Race people around him, "Don't waste your lives to challenge Luo Zheng. Just let him advance freely."
As a Demon Race person, Moon Guardian understood his fellow Demon Race people very well. Even if they knew that they were no match for Luo Zheng, they would still send themselves to their deaths.
Based on the information Moon Guardian had, it was impossible for a warrior to be Luo Zheng's opponent. If they rashly stepped onto the stage to face Luo Zheng, they would just be throwing their lives away for nothing.
"But, Lord Moon Guardian!" A Demon Race warrior revealed an unconvinced expression.
"Hmm?" Moon Guardian frowned.
That Demon Race warrior's body suddenly trembled. He then replied in a trembling voice, "So, sorry …."
Moon Guardian shook his head and turned to leave.
The Demon Race people were still glaring at Luo Zheng angrily. However, because of Lord Moon Guardian's order, they didn't dare to block Luo Zheng's path.
Luo Zheng's face was still indifferent from beginning to end. After Moon Guardian left, he also walked out.
Fei-er still followed closely behind. She was afraid that Luo Zheng would run away ….
"What does' free advancement 'mean?" Luo Zheng asked.
Fei-er was already prepared to answer this question. She smiled faintly, revealing two perfect dimples on her face. "To advance to the next floor of the Tower of Sin, you need points. However, some creatures that enter the Tower of Sin are too strong, resulting in an empty stage."
"Empty stage?"
"Yes, if they're too strong, no one dares to challenge them. That way, they won't be able to obtain points. If they don't obtain 100 points, they won't be able to exchange for the qualifications to enter the next floor." Fei-er continued, "That's why the free advancement rule was set. If no one challenges a creature within three days and they obtain three empty stages, someone will record it. Then, they won't need points to obtain the qualifications to enter the next floor!"
Luo Zheng nodded, "So that's how it is."
Even if these races worked together to set the rules, the rules themselves needed to be reasonable. If a powerhouse of a certain race entered the Tower of Sin to cultivate, that powerhouse would be too strong and no race would be willing to challenge him. Then, that powerhouse might not be able to enter the next floor for the rest of his life.
The free advancement rule was naturally to make up for this flaw.
Along the way, when they passed by the battle arena, they saw that there were still fierce battles taking place there.
There was no distinction between day and night in the Tower of Sin. For many creatures, life was relatively monotonous. Apart from life and death, there was only battle and cultivation.
Because of the intense pressure, all kinds of special services had been created around the Tower of Sin. All kinds of bizarre and strange things from the entire Sea God Continent could be found here. Not only could they be purchased through points, top grade True Origin Stones could also be used here!
After passing by the battle arena, Luo Zheng walked out of the Tower of Sin. Luo Zheng raised his head to look at the sky. At this moment, the full moon hung high in the sky, and the sky was already filled with stars.
Seeing Fei-er following closely behind him, Luo Zheng glanced at her indifferently. This woman had given him a lot of help, but she couldn't follow him all the time just because of Sword Spirit Yao Ye. He needed to cultivate right now.
Fei-er's personality was incomparably sensitive. With just a glance from Luo Zheng, she instantly understood. She revealed an elegant smile and kept her distance from Luo Zheng. She didn't want to know everything about Luo Zheng. It was just that the information about "King" was too important, so she followed him like a shadow.
After Luo Zheng and Fei-er put some distance between each other, he found a secluded place and sat down cross-legged. He raised his head to look at the sky. The night sky was filled with stars, and they connected to each other to form a silver chain. There was no cloud in the night sky, so the view was exceptionally good.
"Can we begin now?" Luo Zheng asked.
"Yes, this place is very suitable for cultivating the" Stellar Battle Body "," the crimson dragon immediately replied.
As soon as the crimson dragon finished speaking, countless mysterious characters appeared in Luo Zheng's mind. There was more information.
"Although the lower half of the 'Stellar Battle Body' is incomplete, the upper half contains the general principles of the 'Stellar Battle Body'. The first step of the general principles is to stimulate the power of the stars! Everything is difficult at the beginning. Stimulating the power of the first star is the most difficult. I don't expect you to succeed on your first try, but you can try first. "The crimson dragon lightly said.
How could a transcendent divine might be so easy to cultivate?
When the crimson dragon obtained the 'Stellar Battle Body', his cultivation had already reached a level that Luo Zheng found difficult to comprehend. Even so, it had taken him a full five years to comprehend the Stellar Battle Body!
Luo Zheng didn't speak. He sat down on the ground, quietly digesting the information in his mind.
Two hours later, the position of the stars in the sky had quietly shifted by a certain distance. Luo Zheng suddenly opened his eyes. As he looked towards the sky, a sharp light bloomed in his eyes.
＝＝＝＝＝

Chapter 559
The mysteries of this transcendent divine might had already far surpassed Luo Zheng's imagination!
The stars that filled the skies were hundreds of millions of miles away from Luo Zheng. At this distance, even if Luo Zheng spent a million years or even 10 million years, he still wouldn't be able to reach the nearest star.
But in the general outline of a transcendent divine might, there was actually a method to communicate with such distant stars and stir up the power of the stars!
It was indeed inconceivable.
According to the general outline, the more stars one could communicate with, the more power of the stars one could stir up, and the more powerful the Stellar Battle Body would be.
The secret method in the general outline of the "Astral Combat Body" required one's soul to comprehend the distant stars. Luo Zheng still felt that it was very mysterious.
A person had a perception of all things. From the large tower of sin in front of Luo Zheng, to the small flies that slowly flew around, to the nearby trees, to the distant stars.
But a person's perception of the stars was extremely weak. Besides being able to see a little bit of the light of the stars, there was no way to obtain any information about the stars. So, how could one use this method? How could one arouse it?
Blindly puzzling himself wouldn't solve the problem.
According to the secret technique, under constant experimentation, Luo Zheng's perception began to slowly stretch …
The strength of one's perception was determined by one's soul. Luo Zheng's soul was extremely powerful to begin with, and his perception far surpassed that of an ordinary life form.
100 feet …
200 feet …
500 feet …
200 feet …
At a distance of 10,000 feet, Luo Zheng's perception had reached its limit. If it stretched any further, his perception would break and everything would become blurry.
"This is the limit. How can I perceive the distant starry skies? Isn't this the same as using a bamboo pole to strike the moon? "Luo Zheng curled his lips.
The red dragon chuckled. "Striking the moon with a bamboo pole? Hehe, that's what you're trying to do. If you use this method, then let alone you, even a life form 10,000 times stronger than you wouldn't be able to perceive the distant starry skies! Now, close your eyes! "
Luo Zheng obediently closed his eyes.
"According to the secret technique of the Stellar Battle Body general outline, a single thought will be Divine Transformation and you will roam the great void!" The red dragon said.
The secret technique of transforming into a God with a single thought …
Hearing Red Dragon's words, Luo Zheng's heart trembled, and he began to operate his perception according to the secret method.
At this moment, Luo Zheng's perception was slowly spreading upwards. The perception at the top was constantly shrinking and condensing!
All of a sudden, Luo Zheng felt everything disappear.
He couldn't even feel his own body. Luo Zheng's consciousness seemed to be completely integrated into his perception.
Soon after, he felt a strong gravitational pull from the sky, pulling his consciousness up. Luo Zheng's consciousness was rising at an unbelievable speed, leaving the Sea God Continent!
He turned around and descended. The Tower of Sin rapidly shrank in front of him. The huge Tower of Sin now looked like a short match.
It didn't take long for the Tower of Sin to disappear. What appeared before Luo Zheng was the entire Sea God Continent!
Then, the Sea God Continent became smaller and smaller. Luo Zheng saw that the Sea God Continent was like a floating boat floating on the endless sea.
"So huge …"
This boundless world was much bigger than Luo Zheng had imagined.
As Luo Zheng's height stretched again, seven or eight continents appeared on the sea. These continents were separated from each other by a great distance.
"That's … the Central Domain!"
Luo Zheng's heart suddenly jumped. Among these seven or eight continents, the Central Domain was probably the smallest one. Next to the Central Domain was the Chaotic Astral Ocean, and on the other side of the Chaotic Astral Ocean were the Divine Kingdoms. The territories of these four Divine Kingdoms were dozens of times larger than the Central Domain!
"Eh? There's another continent! This continent is actually hundreds of times larger than the Divine Kingdoms! Compared to this continent, whether it's the Central Domain, the Divine Kingdoms, or the Sea God Continent, they are all like insignificant islands. Where is that? "Luo Zheng asked curiously.
Originally, Luo Zheng was very curious about the higher realm.
The higher realm had hundreds of thousands of worlds and tens of thousands of races. However, when Luo Zheng glimpsed the whole picture of the boundless world that Luo Zheng was in, he realized that he didn't know much about the world he was in!
As the distance between them widened again, Luo Zheng's consciousness suddenly accelerated, and its height rose infinitely again!
"Astral winds!"
Huge gusts of wind appeared around Luo Zheng, crazily rotating!
These gusts of wind seemed to be able to crush everything. When these gusts of wind collided with each other, there would be an intense collision, producing even more terrifying gusts of wind. These gusts of wind multiplied and multiplied endlessly, constantly dissipating, constantly colliding, and constantly producing new gusts of wind.
No one knew how many years these terrifying gusts of wind had existed. Perhaps they had existed since the birth of this boundless world. So far, no one had been able to penetrate these gusts of wind.
Even if Luo Zheng had a high-grade immortal artifact body, he would most likely be crushed into powder by these gusts of wind.
However …
Luo Zheng was now just a consciousness that was rapidly advancing. These gusts of wind were unable to cause any harm to Luo Zheng.
After penetrating the gusts of wind, Luo Zheng once again looked down.
No matter who it was, they would have a question when they were young. Luo Zheng also had this question.
When he was very, very young, Luo Zheng's father was still alive. At that time, the young Luo Zheng asked his father for the first time, "What is at the end of the Eastern Domain?"
His father told Luo Zheng, "The end of the Eastern Domain is the Central Domain."
"Where is the end of the Central Domain?"
"The end of the Central Domain is the sea …"
"What about the end of the sea?"
His father couldn't answer Luo Zheng's question. He only gave Luo Zheng a book of myths and told Luo Zheng to read the answer himself.
According to myths and legends, the end of the sea was a cliff, and the seawater of the entire boundless world was constantly pouring into it!
"Then … what is at the bottom of the cliff?"
The young Luo Zheng had such a question. Unfortunately, no one could answer him. There was no record of this in the book of myths and legends.
As Luo Zheng's distance increased again, Luo Zheng's field of vision also became wider and wider. Those continents were now black dots, and the surrounding was the boundless sea!
"The border, where is it …"
Luo Zheng's eyes swept over and finally found the end of the sea!
It was actually a vast expanse of white fog!
The fog was like a wall, cutting into the sea.
The entire boundless world was divided by a huge wall of white fog, forming a rhombus-shaped world!
"How can this be?"
Seeing this scene, Luo Zheng's heart was also filled with excitement.
When Luo Zheng's line of sight passed through the wall formed by the white fog, what he saw was the boundless sea …
"Those seas … don't belong to the boundless world I'm in. It should be another boundless world," Luo Zheng murmured. "It turns out that the boundless worlds are closely connected to each other. But where is the end of the boundless world?"
Now, Luo Zheng's consciousness was still flying faster. Presumably, it wouldn't be long before the answer was revealed.
At this moment, Luo Zheng finally understood what it meant to roam the universe.
The boundless space in the universe seemed to be endless. Even though Luo Zheng was flying so fast, those distant stars didn't change at all for Luo Zheng. It was as if the distance between them didn't decrease at all. This was because the distance was too far. Even though Luo Zheng's consciousness floated so far away, the distance between him and those stars was only one trillionth …
Fortunately, Luo Zheng's consciousness was constantly speeding up!
After a long period of time, Luo Zheng turned his head back to look again.
At this time, Luo Zheng could clearly see the boundless worlds below. Every boundless world was separated by four walls formed by white fog. From afar, it looked like the scales on the skin of some kind of fierce beast!
"What's that!"
Luo Zheng noticed that there was a giant beast on these scales!
The giant beast was black all over. Its appearance looked like a turtle, and it was crawling slowly.
How could Luo Zheng not sigh?
This rhombus-shaped "scale" was a boundless world, and that giant beast covered more than a dozen boundless worlds and was still crawling!
This meant that this giant beast was bigger than more than a dozen boundless worlds. According to its huge size, it could almost crush a boundless world with one step. This …

Chapter 560
In fact, at this moment, Luo Zheng was just a wisp of consciousness, so naturally, he was not breathing. It was completely an instinctive reaction from being shocked by the scene in front of him.
How could he have imagined that such a huge beast existed in this world?
Although there were nine true dragons in Luo Zheng's mind, they had always been in different forms.
However, these nine true dragons had always existed in a special form. Luo Zheng couldn't really realize their size, but Luo Zheng guessed that even the nine true dragons couldn't be as big as that giant beast!
What did such a huge beast live on? If it kept moving like this, wouldn't it have destroyed countless Great Thousand Worlds? What kind of food did it feed on? How did it grow to such a huge extent?
There were no answers to all of these.
Now that Luo Zheng's consciousness had left his body, he could not ask Qinglong. It seemed that he would have to wait until his consciousness returned to his body before he could ask the answer to this question.
However, Luo Zheng was still somewhat worried.
This unimaginably huge beast was not far from the Great Thousand World where Luo Zheng was. Although Luo Zheng did not know the route of this huge beast, if it turned a little and passed by that Great Thousand World, it could probably crush it with one step!
Thinking of this, Luo Zheng showed a helpless smile.
He was still too small. In this boundless universe, Luo Zheng was not even comparable to a grain of sand.
Even in the Great Thousand World where Luo Zheng was, he was just one of the trillions of creatures. His worries were purely groundless.
As Luo Zheng continued to increase in distance, Luo Zheng saw a grayish-brown tree growing on top of the densely packed "scales"! The roots of the tree penetrated dozens of "scales". In other words, the roots alone had penetrated dozens of Great Thousand Worlds.
The height of this tree was even more terrifying. It was a hundred times longer than the roots of the tree …
If this tree fell down, it would probably cover thousands of Great Thousand Worlds in a straight line. Moreover, with the width of the trunk of this tree, this number would probably be multiplied by ten times.
Now, Luo Zheng could only sigh.
The speed of Luo Zheng's consciousness was still increasing. He was moving away from the densely packed scales at an even faster speed. At the same time, Luo Zheng discovered more things on the scales. For example, there was an immeasurable mountain and a circle of huge stone formations ….
"Huff huff huff …"
At this moment, Luo Zheng sensed an abnormal passivity in the Great Void ahead.
He raised his head and saw a pitch-black object spinning not far away to his left.
Black …
Luo Zheng could only use this word to describe that thing.
In fact, that thing didn't have any color at all. It just kept sucking in everything, including light. That was why it looked like this.
Fortunately, Luo Zheng's consciousness was not affected by external forces. Although that black thing was terrifying, it was unable to pull Luo Zheng's consciousness into it.
As his consciousness continued to move, Luo Zheng finally approached the first star!
The star in front of him was ice blue in color. From afar, it seemed to be slowly rotating. As Luo Zheng's consciousness approached the star, he suddenly felt a powerful will coming from it!
Luo Zheng's wisp of consciousness suddenly felt a bone-chilling cold, as if it were placed in a world of ice and snow. It was incomparably cold.
"This is the will of the star? It … it has its own thoughts? " Looking at this spinning sphere, Luo Zheng revealed a look of awe. "This star seems to be rejecting me!"
In a situation where he couldn't communicate with it, Luo Zheng's consciousness continued to climb. He could only search for the next star.
According to the Crimson Dragon, the more power of the stars one could draw upon, the more powerful the Stellar Battle Body would be. If one could completely communicate with the stars in the sky, just how powerful would the Stellar Battle Body be? No wonder the Stellar Battle Body could be called a transcendent divine might!
Only such a powerful cultivation method could bear the title of 'transcendent'.
After circling around this ice blue star, Luo Zheng's consciousness continued to wander through the great void, shuttling deeper and deeper into the starry skies.
The distance between each star was abnormally great. Luckily, by using the secret skills of the Stellar Battle Body, his consciousness seemed to be able to travel through space at an infinite speed. Before long, Luo Zheng found the next star.
This was a milky white star. On the surface of this star, there was a huge whirlpool. The whirlpool was like a storm that stretched for thousands of miles. It was rotating slowly. From afar, it was as if someone had poured a cup of milk into this star to form such a huge whirlpool.
"This star … is still rejecting me!" A bitter smile appeared on Luo Zheng's face. As soon as he approached the star, Luo Zheng felt its will.
Next star …
The third star was a deep crimson red. The surface of this star burned with raging flames. As he approached this star, he discovered that the surface of this star was covered in a massive flame. If this flame erupted, it would be thousands of miles high!
"It's roaring at me. This star's will is actually so irritable. It seems that its temper isn't too good." Luo Zheng was speechless. Although he didn't want to use the word 'temper' to describe the will of these stars, these stars were just like people. They had all sorts of personalities. Some were gentle, some were irritable, and some were quiet …
After continuously passing over 40 stars, Luo Zheng encountered all sorts of 'rejections'.
Finally, Luo Zheng stopped beneath a light purple star.
As Luo Zheng approached this light purple star, he could feel a gentle will coming from this star.
If stars were divided into genders, then Luo Zheng would rather describe this star as a woman. This star didn't reject him. On the contrary, Luo Zheng could feel a will of acceptance!
"Did I succeed?"
Luo Zheng's heart skipped a beat.
According to the crimson dragon, this was his first time communicating with a star. It was extremely difficult to draw upon the power of the star!
But he seemed to have succeeded?
A vast and invisible will wrapped Luo Zheng's consciousness within it. Although Luo Zheng's consciousness couldn't feel any warmth, he still felt as if he was in a mother's body.
Subsequently, Luo Zheng established a connection with this light purple star. It was as if he could perceive the thoughts of this star.
Luo Zheng quietly gazed at this purple star. It seemed to be telling him something. The will of the star was constantly fluctuating, as if an otherworldly woman was speaking tirelessly, faintly expressing her thoughts. Unfortunately, Luo Zheng couldn't decipher its meaning …
After communicating with the first star, Luo Zheng didn't choose to withdraw his consciousness. Instead, he continued to fly towards the next star.
The number of stars in the vault of heaven was nearly impossible to measure with numbers. Luo Zheng flew past over a hundred stars, but without exception, he was rejected.
"It looks like I was too greedy …" Luo Zheng faintly thought.
Finally, Luo Zheng gave up on looking for a new star. This was his first time communicating with a star and he had established a connection with it. To Luo Zheng, this was already an extremely good result. Thus, Luo Zheng chose to return home.
To use his consciousness to wander the great void was an unimaginable matter for Luo Zheng. But, by relying on the arcane skills of his transcendent divine might, Luo Zheng was able to accomplish this.
On the way back, Luo Zheng's eyes once again focused on those 'scales'. He was now extremely far away from those dense 'scales', but Luo Zheng still wasn't able to see where these 'scales' ended. This was because the ends were completely covered in darkness, as if not even light could reach those places!
"Boundless worlds are connected to boundless worlds … since there are millions upon millions of boundless worlds, then what is at the end of these millions of boundless worlds?"
Luo Zheng lightly shook his head. He was currently unable to explore this place.
The arcane skills of the Stellar War Body seemed to draw support from the gravitational forces of these stars in the vault of heaven to pull his consciousness up. Thus, he was able to maintain such a high speed as he approached these stars. He was also able to touch the gravitational forces of these stars and travel between them.
However, Luo Zheng wasn't able to use his own strength to travel through the great void. Then, in the even more distant depths of space, the edges of the boundless worlds, it was impossible for Luo Zheng to explore with his current strength.

Chapter 561
After a long time, Luo Zheng slowly retracted his consciousness …
Luo Zheng's body suddenly trembled. Then, he took a deep breath, opened his eyes, and looked at the deep sky full of stars.
Fei-er kept a distance of dozens of feet from Luo Zheng. Her slender body leaned against the edge of a building, and her beautiful eyes silently watched Luo Zheng. She could see that Luo Zheng seemed a little strange, but she could not tell where it came from.
"Is it fun to roam the Great Void?" the red dragon asked with a laugh.
Luo Zheng had been shocked too much in the Great Void, and he was still thinking about it. At this moment, Luo Zheng's consciousness was still in communication with the lavender star. He tilted his head slightly and looked at a corner of the sky.
Even though Luo Zheng's eyesight was amazing, he could distinguish the lavender star at a glance.
"How do I draw upon the power of the star after establishing a connection with it?" Luo Zheng asked.
"What! You succeeded? "the red dragon asked in astonishment.
It had taken the red dragon five years to draw upon the star!
The wills of the stars were almost impossible to tame. The probability of gaining the recognition of a star was pitifully small. In the past five years, the crimson dragon had roamed the Great Void for a total of five years in order to communicate with the stars. He had traveled countless times before he found the first star that was willing to accept him.
Luo Zheng … How long had it been? He had actually gained the recognition of a star on his first trip to the Great Void. At this moment, the red dragon was so shocked that he was speechless.
Qinglong said faintly, "Seventh Brother, don't forget about Luo Zheng's Birth Chart."
"Ha ha, you're right, you're right …" The red dragon had forgotten that Luo Zheng had the Birth Chart of the Battle of the Ages.
The True Dragon Clan was very powerful, and the red dragon's strength had been unimaginably strong. However, his providence might not be as strong as Luo Zheng's.
In the universe, warriors who had the Birth Chart of the Battle of the Ages were all favored by heaven and earth. How many creatures could have a better providence than Luo Zheng's?
After gaining the approval of a star, one would be able to draw upon the power of the star.
According to the method in the 《Stars Battle Body》, Luo Zheng slightly thought. The star on the horizon suddenly flapped, and a faint starlight appeared on the surface of his body.
Not far away, Fei-er's eyes suddenly widened!
She was clearly unable to figure out why a strand of faint light would suddenly appear on Luo Zheng's body. Even though Fei 'er wasn't aware that it was starlight, the Yaowu Clan had always been extremely sensitive towards energy, and that layer of light actually caused her to feel horrified!
Just what kind of cultivation technique was this fellow cultivating? Fei 'er also had a deep question in her heart. However, it was not appropriate for her to ask this question. Every martial artist had their own secrets, not to mention that Luo Zheng was a human. Of course, it was impossible for him to tell her.
The first half of the 《Stars Battle Body》 had a total of eight styles.
After drawing upon the starlight, Luo Zheng nearly wanted to use it as soon as possible. But, he forcibly restrained himself. The reason he had left the Tower of Sin was to draw upon the starlight. If he wanted to cultivate, then it would be better to rent a training chamber. Luo Zheng didn't want to reveal too much of his transcendent divine might in front of others.
If it weren't for Fei-er helping him and leading him to the Tower of Sin, then Luo Zheng might have already found an excuse to drive her away …
After Luo Zheng returned to the Tower of Sin, he immediately stepped onto the martial stage.
In just a single day, the martial artists of the first floor had already realized that Luo Zheng was not an opponent they could defeat.
The demon race's Lord Moon Guardian had already warned the demons of the first floor not to attack Luo Zheng.
As for the martial artists of the other races, after weighing their own worth, none of them dared to step onto the martial stage!
Like this, Luo Zheng encountered the so-called 'empty stage'. As long as the stage was empty for three consecutive days, Luo Zheng would be able to advance.
After leaving the martial stage, Luo Zheng returned to his training chamber and immersed himself in his cultivation. Although there was no Light of Good Fortune to help Luo Zheng increase his cultivation, there were still many things that Luo Zheng needed to digest at this stage.
On the second day, Luo Zheng once again stepped onto the martial stage. Once again, he encountered an 'empty stage'; no one dared to challenge him.
After three consecutive days of being empty, Luo Zheng finally obtained the authority to advance to the next floor.
Without stopping, Luo Zheng entered the next floor of the Tower of Sin.
The entire Tower of Sin was divided into 15 floors.
According to Fei-er, the first to fifth floors were basically the world of warriors. But from the fifth floor onward, that was the world of warriors. As for those that could enter the tenth floor, they were basically all war lord powerhouses.
The facilities on the second floor were practically identical to those on the first floor of the Tower of Sin.
However, the warriors on the second floor were slightly stronger than those on the first floor.
As soon as he stepped onto the second floor, Luo Zheng saw a woman from the Demon Night Clan standing in the middle of the martial stage. At this moment, however, no one dared to step onto the stage!
Just like Luo Zheng, the woman from the Demon Night Clan had encountered an 'empty stage'.
The individuals of the Demon Night Clan were originally much stronger than the other races. Moreover, this woman from the Demon Night Clan was a warrior. The second floor of the Tower of Sin was only slightly stronger than the first floor. Most of the people on the second floor were warriors. It was obvious that the woman from the Demon Night Clan had encountered an 'empty stage'.
"Ah! It's Zi Yu! She actually came to the Tower of Sin! "Fei-er suddenly exclaimed from behind him.
The woman from the Demon Night Clan was called Zi Yu. She was also a genius from the Demon Night Clan's Sacred Land.
Because the Demon Night Clan was much stronger than the other races, they would go to the Tower of Sin when they were warriors to quickly increase their cultivation.
However, Zi Yu had been cultivating in seclusion in the Demon Night Clan's Sacred Land. She had only entered the Tower of Sin after becoming a rank 5 warrior.
"She's a god-tier genius from our Sacred Land! She's very strong. Although she's only a rank 5 warrior and my cultivation is higher than hers … I shouldn't be her match, "Fei-er said.
"A god-tier genius from the Demon Night Clan …" Luo Zheng's eyes flashed.
Seeing Luo Zheng's eagerness, Fei-er advised, "I don't recommend you challenge Zi Yu. It's better for you to wait until she announces an 'empty stage' before going onto the stage!"
"Is that so?" Luo Zheng revealed a noncommittal smile.
On the stage, Zi Yu arrogantly scanned the surroundings and said coldly, "Is there anyone else who dares to challenge me?"
She had already been "empty" for three consecutive days. During these three days, no one dared to challenge her.
In fact, Zi Yu was very dissatisfied with the rules of the Tower of Sin. Why did she have to be empty for three consecutive days before she could advance to the next floor? It was a waste of her time!
Zi Yu's goal was to quickly enter the tenth floor. With her strength, she could win the most Light of Creation and cultivate the fastest if she stayed on the tenth floor.
What made Zi Yu the most speechless was that she had been "empty" for two consecutive days on the second floor. On the third day, a fool who didn't know what was good for him challenged her. In her anger, Zi Yu directly killed him! However, because she wasn't "empty" on the third day, she had to wait for three more days.
Fortunately, her previous instant kill was still very deterrent. Finally, no fool dared to challenge her. She just needed to wait a little longer and she would obtain the authority to advance to the third floor!
However, at this time, a figure walked onto the stage. This person was Luo Zheng.
In fact, Zi Yu didn't want anyone to appear on the stage. It wasn't that Zi Yu feared the opponents on this floor. No matter how strong her opponent was, whether or not Zi Yu defeated them, according to the rules, she had to start "empty" again. In other words, she had to delay for three more days before she could enter the third floor of the Tower of Sin!
Thus, when Zi Yu saw Luo Zheng walk onto the stage, she nearly went mad with anger.
Zi Yu looked up and down at Luo Zheng, her eyes abnormally cold. "There really is a warrior who dares to recklessly challenge me! It seems that my methods last time weren't cruel enough. I didn't leave you with a painful lesson. This time, I should be more ruthless! "
"How ruthless?" Luo Zheng faintly smiled.
Zi Yu took out a short dagger from her spatial ring and said, "A ruthless method that will make you feel despair."
＝＝＝＝＝

Chapter 562
Purple Jade's goal was to reach the tenth floor of the Sin Tower in one and a half months.
According to the rules of the Sin Tower, the fastest way to level up was one month. From the first day one stepped into the Sin Tower, no one dared to challenge them!
In the past, there were a few creatures who used a month to reach the tenth floor, but they were all War Reverends.
Some geniuses from other races, for some reason, stayed in seclusion in their Sacred Lands and only chose to enter the Sin Tower after reaching the War Reverend level.
From the first floor to the fifth floor, there were Warriors, and from the sixth to the tenth floor, there were Generals.
Unless one met a War Reverend who was also trying to break through, naturally no one would challenge a War Reverend. After a month of being empty, one could reach the tenth floor as quickly as possible.
As for a War Reverend wanting to reach the tenth floor in a month, it was very unlikely because Purple Jade would encounter a War Reverend who was also trying to break through. Regardless of whether these War Reverends could defeat Purple Jade or not, they would have to delay her for a day!
Encountering a War Reverend was one thing, but this was the rule. That was why Purple Jade had given herself an extra fifteen days to deal with these blind idiots.
The problem was …
This guy in front of her was a Warrior, an eighth rank Warrior! And he was from the human race!
Since when did a cowardly human race have the courage to challenge her noble Demon Night Clan?
Purple Jade's beautiful eyes revealed endless killing intent. This killing intent, coupled with her almost perfect face, made people feel both moved and fearful. The two different feelings formed a sharp contrast, giving everyone a very special feeling!
"As expected of a near-perfect race. Every woman in the Demon Night Clan is a first-rate beauty." Luo Zheng slowly drew his sword.
"Sacred Artifact?" Purple Jade's slender eyebrows twitched, "Since when did your Purple Heart Holy Lands become so extravagant, giving a Sacred Artifact to a Warrior?"
"Xiu!" Luo Zheng lightly waved his sword and smiled, "I'm not from the Purple Heart Holy Lands."
Purple Jade coldly smiled, "I don't care who you are. Howl for me!"
She stood on tiptoe like a female leopard and suddenly rushed out. The Vital Spirit in her body bloomed with a faint light, leaving behind a graceful shadow in the arena.
"Very agile." Luo Zheng smiled faintly and gently twisted his long sword. It was still the Basic Swordsmanship!
After Luo Zheng's constant practice of the Basic Swordsmanship, the sword moves seemed to be slowly evolving.
This basic sword technique had been created after countless efforts by the predecessors. Through Luo Zheng, it had been further simplified to the extreme. However, the extreme simplicity was not the end!
Luo Zheng had a vague realization. He wanted to make the basic swordsmanship complex!
Going from complex to simple was a kind of evolution, and going from simple to complex was another kind of evolution!
A true grandmaster was able to create their own ultimate skills. No matter what level of cultivation method it was, it wasn't something that came from a stone but was created by a living being. Even a transcendent divine might was the same.
Luo Zheng was very clear that as long as he walked down this path, he would eventually be able to create his own unique skill!
"Ding!"
Luo Zheng's response was extremely fast. Facing Purple Jade's close-range attack, he used his sword to completely block her attack.
Luo Zheng didn't retreat. Instead, he used his sword to block Purple Jade's dagger. Then, Luo Zheng took advantage of this opportunity and rushed forwards!
Purple Jade was immediately confused.
Her speed was clearly fast! Let alone a human warrior, even a human general would be sent flying backwards by the impact of her attack even if they used a saint artifact to block it. But Luo Zheng was like a mountain, steadily standing in front of her and blocking her attack with his simple and crude sword skills!
Luo Zheng had a light smile on his face.
Purple Jade's strength should be greater than the Void Spirit Sect's Little Jie's. Her bodily strength and explosive power, as well as the innate advantages of her race, were far greater than Little Jie's. However, Purple Jade's comprehension of Laws was much lower. This was also because she was a body transformation cultivator!
"Wild Storm Stab!"
She was originally prepared to send Luo Zheng flying and then cut off Luo Zheng's flesh piece by piece! The more miserable he was, the more she would be able to intimidate those idiots in the Tower of Sin. Otherwise, if she couldn't obtain an empty stage, she didn't know when she would be able to reach the tenth level!
Facing Luo Zheng's crude sword skills, Purple Jade's dagger was like a raging storm, instantly stabbing out countless times!
"Sword Hanger." Luo Zheng faintly smiled. His sword moved horizontally, completely sealing himself from top to bottom.
Ding ding ding ding ding ding …
A series of crisp and pleasant sounds could be heard as the dagger and sword clashed countless times in an instant.
The thin three foot long sword was like an airtight shield that blocked in front of Luo Zheng!
"Ding!"
Purple Jade's explosive power was also limited. Whether it was vital essence or physical strength, they weren't as long lasting as vital essence. After a short burst, Luo Zheng's sword once again crushed Purple Jade's dagger. Luo Zheng lightly pressed down, and the two still maintained an "intimate" distance.
The tips of their noses were almost touching …
Purple Jade's chest heaved up and down. Her Wild Storm Stab could instantly deal a fatal blow to her opponent. Once Purple Jade used this move, it was practically a death sentence! Purple Jade once had a powerful opponent who was a rank eight battle general!
It was after Purple Jade used this move that the rank eight battle general was directly torn to pieces by her dagger. There wasn't a single piece of intact flesh on his body!
However, this human warrior in front of her actually used a sword to block all her attacks!
"How is this possible?" Purple Jade's eyes were filled with horror, and it was even a little flustered.
The members of the Demon Night Clan were originally very slender. With her boots on, she was slightly taller than Luo Zheng. "Wild Storm Stab" consumed a lot of physical strength. As she breathed heavily, her fragrant breath directly blew on Luo Zheng's face.
Luo Zheng, on the other hand, was still looking at her with that zombie-like face!
"It's indeed quite ruthless." Luo Zheng smiled faintly.
"You're mocking me!"
Purple Jade gritted her teeth and suddenly exerted force with her dagger. The short blade of the dagger pulled along the edge of Luo Zheng's long sword, and fierce sparks blossomed under the pull of the two weapons.
Whoosh!
A sharp and ear-piercing sound rang out. Then, like a snake, she wrapped around Luo Zheng's side.
In close combat, short weapons had a greater advantage than long weapons, so Purple Jade didn't plan to pull away from Luo Zheng.
However, just as Purple Jade wrapped around Luo Zheng's side and was about to stretch out her slender arms to wrap around Luo Zheng's neck, Luo Zheng lowered his head slightly.
If Purple Jade really did wrap around Luo Zheng's neck, then she would stuff the dagger into his neck. Although Luo Zheng believed that he was stronger than Purple Jade, he wouldn't be arrogant!
Because of Luo Zheng's gentle turn, the cub missed. Then, Luo Zheng turned around and blocked the cub's attack with his long sword, slashing horizontally at the cub's upright buttocks.
Seeing this scene, Fei 'er immediately panicked. She even covered her mouth and screamed.
On the spectator stands, a member of the Demon Night Clan suddenly stood up. He was a war sovereign of the Demon Night Clan!
As a god-tier genius of the Demon Night Clan's sacred land, Purple Jade naturally couldn't be allowed to enter the Tower of Sin alone. Thus, there were elders of the Demon Night Clan watching over her.
According to the war sovereign's estimation, Purple Jade's strength should allow her to pass through the first nine floors of the Tower of Sin without any trouble. As for the human kid in front of him …
Although the war sovereign found it strange that there was a female of the same clan following him, Luo Zheng was just a warrior! Humans were weak to begin with. Even a rank-10 warrior wasn't Purple Jade's match, let alone a mere warrior. Naturally, he wasn't worried.
However, he didn't expect the battle to be so one-sided. Thus, when he saw Luo Zheng slashing at Purple Jade's butt, the war sovereign's mind went blank. With the sharpness of Luo Zheng's holy weapon, Purple Jade would probably be cut in half. If Purple Jade died, how was he going to explain it to the elders of the Demon Night Clan?
The other creatures in the spectator stands also had very rich expressions on their faces.
Most of them couldn't believe what they were seeing!
The human race had always been weak on the Sea God Continent, but a prodigy of this level had actually appeared. They wondered if they were seeing things. Luo Zheng was clearly a human warrior!
Slap!
Luo Zheng's sword suddenly turned slightly and hit the cub's buttocks with the blade.

Chapter 563
Luo Zheng was very clear about his goal.
His first goal in the Tower of Sin was to cultivate, and his second goal was to obtain the inheritance beneath the Tower of Sin.
The Demon Race and the Demon Night Clan were both top clans on the Sea God's Continent, while the Human Race seemed to be extremely weak on this continent. As soon as Luo Zheng arrived on the Sea God's Continent, he had already formed a grudge with the Demon Race. Naturally, he wasn't stupid enough to form a deadly grudge with the Demon Night Clan.
Although Luo Zheng had used his sword to hit the cub, the force behind the blow was still very strong. The cub, who was hit on the butt by Luo Zheng, stumbled forward, looking very embarrassed.
The Demon Night Clan had always been arrogant and elegant, so how could they allow themselves to be humiliated in front of so many people? The moment the cub fell to the ground, it stretched out its hand and agilely pushed against the ground like some kind of reptile. Then, it flipped over, intending to counterattack!
Whoosh!
However, Luo Zheng's movements were very fast.
The long sword was already pressed against the cub's snow-white neck, and the tip of the sword hummed slightly. As long as Luo Zheng raised his hand, with the sharpness of the sacred weapon, the cub's head would fall to the ground.
Although the cub was angry and embarrassed, it didn't lose its mind. Before coming to the Tower of Sin, it had already understood the rules countless times!
In the Holy Land, it was the pride of the heavens. Who dared to take its life? However, in the arena, no one could protect it. Although the Demon Night Clan had many seats in the Tower of Sin, the rules set by so many clans couldn't be changed for a god-tier genius like itself.
If she was killed by Luo Zheng, the Demon Night Clan would avenge her, but in the end, she was already dead!
"Admit defeat, and I won't take your life." Luo Zheng's expression was already calm. It wasn't that he didn't know how to be protective of the fairer sex, but in this place, if he was careless, Luo Zheng could be killed by the cub. Luo Zheng was already giving her a lot of face by sparing her life.
"I … admit defeat," the cub said after recognizing the situation in front of it, even though its face was full of resentment.
Then, the Light of Creation in the cub's nameplate suddenly shot into Luo Zheng's nameplate.
The Light of Creation was a reward for the victor, and the amount of Light of Creation one had depended on the amount of Light of Creation one's opponent had.
Purple Jade was a warlord, so those who dared to challenge Purple Jade were at least warlords. Therefore, Luo Zheng obtained ten times more Light of Creation than before!
Having a high cultivation base also had its benefits. Just like when Luo Zheng had just entered the first floor of the Tower of Sin, those who dared to challenge Luo Zheng were all warriors. However, those warriors hadn't accumulated much Light of Good Fortune to begin with, so the points they obtained were pitifully few.
The cub glared fiercely at Luo Zheng and stepped out of the arena.
At this moment, Fei-er also breathed a sigh of relief. She hadn't expected Luo Zheng to walk into the arena for so long …
Although Fei-er had seen Luo Zheng's escape speed and was able to escape from three warlords of the Demon Race, which was considered incredible among warriors, she couldn't estimate Luo Zheng's true strength. Although Fei-er didn't treat Luo Zheng as an ordinary warrior, she didn't expect Luo Zheng to be so strong.
There was another round of whispers in the audience.
"No wonder Lord Moon Guardian told us not to throw our lives away. Although this guy is a human warrior, he can even defeat a warlord of the Demon Night Clan!"
"Is he only a warlord of the Demon Night Clan? Hehe, that woman from the Demon Night Clan is a god-level genius from the Demon Night Clan's Holy Land. She can't be treated as an ordinary warlord! But even so, she was still defeated by that human warrior! "
"Aren't humans more difficult to deal with when they reach the warlord or warlord realm? When did the Purple Heart Holy Land nurture such a super genius? "
"He just said that he didn't come from the Purple Heart Holy Land …"
"If this guy is allowed to fight his way through floor by floor, I'm afraid the human race will really have one more seat!"
All kinds of discussions revolved around Luo Zheng. All the races stared at Luo Zheng and whispered.
"Who else wants to challenge me?" Luo Zheng asked indifferently.
Hearing Luo Zheng's words, the crowd fell silent.
"Isn't there a famous beastman called Tito on the second floor? Where's Tito? Why don't I see him? "
"Are you kidding me? Tito is only a tenth-level warrior. Although he successfully defeated three warlords, he can't be Zi Yu's match, let alone this kid's match!"
"Those who know their limits won't dare to go up. That kid is willing to let the Demon Night Clan go, but that doesn't mean he'll let the other races go!"
Zi Yu had already intimidated everyone before. Now that Luo Zheng had defeated Zi Yu, this deterrence was actually strengthened. Who would dare to go up and seek death? Moreover, Luo Zheng's deeds on the first floor had already spread to the second floor. Who would dare to seek death now?
After a long while, no one dared to step up. No one challenged Luo Zheng, which meant that Luo Zheng had won the first day. For three consecutive days, Luo Zheng could advance freely!
Luo Zheng was quite satisfied with this result.
As for Zi Yu from the Demon Night Clan, she was quite dissatisfied.
Zi Yu walked out of the arena angrily, and the warlord from the Demon Night Clan hurriedly followed her.
When had Zi Yu ever suffered such a huge setback and humiliation?
Even in the Demon Night Clan's Sacred Land, where geniuses were everywhere, she was still one of the best!
Not to mention that the opponent she had lost to was not just a human, but a human fighter as well. If it were not for the fact that her martial heart was extremely tough, someone else would have probably suffered a devastating blow.
"I … I must kill him!" Zi Yu shouted angrily.
"This human kid is not simple. You're not his match right now." The warlord from the Demon Night Clan was very calm.
"I don't care! If ordinary methods can't kill him, then I'll use Heavenly Execution! "Zi Yu said coldly.
Hearing Zi Yu's words, the warlord from the Demon Night Clan's expression changed. He immediately said, "Zi Yu, don't do anything stupid. Heavenly Execution … can only be used as a last resort. Have you forgotten the elder's advice?"
"A last resort? It's a last resort now! "Zi Yu was very stubborn.
"Actually, you don't have to be so anxious. Since he entered the Sin Tower, he's naturally cultivating. You'll encounter him sooner or later. It won't be too late to challenge him when you're truly strong … There seems to be a woman from our Demon Night Clan by his side. I don't know which branch she's from, but I'll ask her about it first." The warlord from the Demon Night Clan was helpless and could only console Zi Yu like this.
"I'm truly strong?" Zi Yu was startled, but when she thought about it, the gloominess on her face grew even more intense. "That kid won't grow?"
That kid was able to defeat her when he was just a warrior. If he became a general, would she still be a match for him?
In truth, the warlord from the Demon Night Clan was well aware of this as well. However, in order to console Zi Yu, he could only advise her like this … But now, it seemed like his advice was useless. In the end, the warlord from the Demon Night Clan could only sigh in his heart. But that was fine as well. That kid didn't seem to want to kill Zi Yu.
Zi Yu was too arrogant, so it wasn't a bad thing for her to suffer a little setback in the Sin Tower. She could treat it as tempering her Martial Heart.
After Luo Zheng obtained the 'empty stage', he left the arena with Fei 'er following closely behind him.
Just like Zi Yu, Luo Zheng wanted to enter the higher levels of the Sin Tower as soon as possible. He wasn't interested in fighting the warriors, but the rules of the Sin Tower were as such, so Luo Zheng couldn't do anything about it.
This time, as soon as Luo Zheng arrived at the living area on the second floor, he saw many women on the side of the living area.
There were women from all sorts of races. Demons, beastmen, humans … There were even women from the Demon Night Clan!
All of these women wore revealing clothes and had seductive figures. They emitted the most primitive temptation.
"These women …" Luo Zheng glanced at them in confusion.
"Prostitutes," Fei 'er replied straightforwardly. "The pressure in the Sin Tower is very great, and all cultivators need to vent. It's very common to see them on the first floor to the tenth floor."
Luo Zheng pursed his lips. It was fine if they were from the human race and the Demon Night Clan, but there were also some from the beastmen and demons. With Luo Zheng's aesthetic standards, he naturally couldn't accept them.
Luo Zheng didn't stay here. Just as he was about to leave, a human woman walked out from the other side and blocked his path. She smiled at Luo Zheng and said, "Handsome, someone wants to talk to you."
The woman before him was a complete beauty. When he heard her, Luo Zheng smiled and asked, "How many true origin stones for a night?"

Chapter 564
Actually, when Luo Zheng first stepped into the Tower of Sin, he had seen this woman.
At that time, this woman was standing next to the human warrior called Xing Hui and didn't say a word.
However, this famous Purple Heart Sacred Ground gave Luo Zheng a very bad impression. If this Sacred Ground was filled with idiots like Xing Hui, Luo Zheng felt that there was no need for him to interact with them.
Therefore, when Luo Zheng saw this woman looking for him, he naturally didn't treat her well!
Xia Shuang was very angry!
She was a genius of the Purple Heart Sacred Ground, a rank 9 warrior! How could Xia Shuang tolerate being treated as a prostitute by Luo Zheng?
However, her angry expression only flashed for a moment, and after her chest shook violently, she actually laughed, "Okay, I'll tell you in advance, I'm very expensive. I don't know if you can afford it!"
This woman's temperament wasn't bad, much better than that guy called Xing Hui, Luo Zheng thought indifferently. There was no need for Luo Zheng to continue this kind of joke. Luo Zheng wasn't someone who couldn't walk when he saw a woman, so Luo Zheng said indifferently, "Speak, who wants to see me?"
Seeing that Luo Zheng's tone had softened, Xia Shuang also let out a sigh of relief. That bastard Xing Hui, he offended Luo Zheng the last time he came and made things so troublesome. In the end, she had to take action. Fortunately, Luo Zheng's tone had softened, and he didn't seem to hold a grudge too much!
In the Central Domain and the four Divine Kingdoms, because the human race was powerful, there was internal strife, strife, and hatred.
However, in the Sea God Continent, the human race was too weak, so they could only rely on each other for warmth. Every genius born from the human race was very important! Because these geniuses represented the future of the human race. In the eyes of the Demon Race and many other races, Luo Zheng was a thorn in their flesh, a thorn in their flesh. They wanted to pull him out, but to the Human Race, he was undoubtedly a genius worth nurturing, so they couldn't let him go!
Putting aside his previous performance on the first floor of the Tower of Sin, Luo Zheng easily defeated a god-ranked genius of the Demon Night Clan with the strength of a fighter of the eighth stage!
This kind of strength was unprecedented in the history of the human race!
Humans had never been the main characters on the Sea God Continent. They couldn't even maintain their status as supporting characters.
Just like the Human Race cultivators, it was common for them to be challenged by other races. There was even a rumor among the Human Race that they were an inferior race that didn't deserve to compete with other races!
This kind of rumor almost destroyed the confidence of the younger generation of the human race!
How terrifying would it be for a race to lose their self-confidence? However, every time a few geniuses appeared in the Human Race, they would be brutally abused by the other races after entering the Tower of Sin. This news would be spread again and again, causing a huge blow to their confidence!
With Luo Zheng's appearance, the Human Race's War Reverends in the Tower of Sin saw hope. At the same time, they quickly passed the news to the elders of the Purple Heart Holy Lands. Although those old monsters of the War Saint realm couldn't enter the Cursed Lands, they still passed on all kinds of strategies to the Tower of Sin!
Luo Zheng didn't know how happy those old monsters of the Purple Heart Holy Lands were when they saw the video of Luo Zheng's battle.
According to Xia Shuang's information, the elders of the Purple Heart Holy Lands had already given the order to protect Luo Zheng and nurture him!
Once Luo Zheng became a War General, he might become the banner of the Human Race's younger generation, giving the other races endless confidence. And if Luo Zheng became a War Reverend, he might even help the Human Race obtain a new seat!
This was also why Xia Shuang could resist Luo Zheng's teasing!
"It's our Human Race's War Reverend, Lord Jing," Xia Shuang replied truthfully.
Luo Zheng nodded, "Lead the way!"
Under Xia Shuang's lead, they made many turns in the residential area before arriving at a wine shop.
The facilities in the residential area were very complete. Many races operated all kinds of services here. Wine shops, gambling houses, brothels, almost every level had them!
In the wine shop, there was already someone waiting there.
That person was dressed in grey clothes. His appearance was very ordinary, but he had a divine aura.
"Young hero Luo! It's an honor to meet you! "When that person saw Luo Zheng, he was surprisingly polite and cupped his fists towards him.
When the other cultivators in the wine shop saw this scene, they all had strange expressions on their faces.
War Reverend and Warrior, there was only a difference of one word. The difference in status and realm between the two was like heaven and earth. Why was this Human Race's War Reverend so respectful to Luo Zheng?
Luo Zheng also returned the greeting and asked, "Is this Lord Jing?"
"Sit down first," Lord Jing waved his hand, and the few of them sat down.
"Young hero Luo, you're not from the Purple Heart Holy Land, right?" Lord Jing asked straightforwardly. They had already investigated Luo Zheng's identity in detail. Although there were many cultivators in the Purple Heart Holy Land, with Luo Zheng's monstrous talent, it was impossible for him to be a nobody in the Holy Land.
"Yes, I'm not from the Purple Heart Holy Land," Luo Zheng replied honestly.
"Then may I ask where Luo Zheng is from?" Lord Jing asked.
On the Sea God Continent, other than the Purple Heart Holy Land, there were some extremely scattered sects. However, most of those sects were attached to the Holy Land. Otherwise, when faced with other races, ordinary sects would not be able to survive.
"Can I not answer?" Luo Zheng smiled slightly.
It was not that Luo Zheng was being secretive, but Luo Zheng felt that now was not the time to tell them.
Lord Jing did not force Luo Zheng. He nodded with a smile and said, "Since it's not convenient for Young hero Luo to say, then don't say it. However, I still want to ask, is Young hero Luo interested in joining my Purple Heart Holy Land?"
The Purple Heart Holy Land was actually a sixth-grade force established by the Human Clan. When a sect developed to sixth-grade, it was qualified to be called a Holy Land.
Luo Zheng originally came from the Cloud Hall, and he had no plans to join other Holy Lands for the time being.
Luo Zheng was very clear about the benefits of joining the Purple Heart Holy Land. However, in Luo Zheng's opinion, there was no need for him to do so for the time being. It was not that Luo Zheng was unwilling to betray the Cloud Hall. A sect's restrictions on its disciples did not depend on their status.
It was just that Luo Zheng did not lack cultivation methods and resources. Once he joined the Purple Heart Holy Land and became a member of the Holy Land, Luo Zheng would have to bear certain obligations.
Luo Zheng did not forget the purpose of his trip, which was to enter the lowest level of the Tower of Sin. If he joined the Purple Heart Holy Land, he was afraid that it would take more time. Luo Zheng could afford it, but … Luo Yan could not.
"Sorry, I am already a member of another sect," Luo Zheng replied.
Lord Jing originally wanted to ask which sect Luo Zheng was from, but he guessed that Luo Zheng would not answer, so he did not ask. However, when he heard that Luo Zheng refused his invitation, Lord Jing's face was slightly disappointed. His purpose today was to persuade Luo Zheng to join the Purple Heart Holy Land.
"As far as I know, there are very few sects of the Human Race on the Sea God Continent. There are only a few scattered Second Grade Sects. Nearly ninety percent of the Human Race is concentrated in our Purple Heart Holy Land. If Young Hero Luo joins my Purple Heart Holy Land, the Holy Land will definitely nurture Luo Zheng with all its might." Lord Jing paused for a moment, then continued, "Young Hero Luo should be clear about the status of the Human Race on the Sea God Continent. Some things should not only be considered for yourself, but also for our entire race!"
"I am very clear about what Lord Jing is saying, but I ask for Lord Jing's understanding. If I can help the Purple Heart Holy Land, I will naturally not refuse. However, I cannot agree to join the Purple Heart Holy Land." Luo Zheng decisively refused.
A helpless smile appeared on Lord Jing's face. He shook his head and said, "Since Young Hero Luo is unwilling, then it's fine. However, since you're willing to help, I'm relieved. Although our Human Race only has four seats in the Tower of Sin, we are still one of the fourteen major races. If there's anything we can help you with, please don't hesitate to ask."
"What is a seat?" Luo Zheng asked.
"A seat originally represents the qualification to enter the top of the tower. Only by obtaining a seat can one be qualified to enter the top of the tower." Lord Jing replied, "However, the current seat has another responsibility, and that is to set the rules and punishments of the Tower of Sin! On the fifteenth floor of the Tower of Sin, there are a total of 128 seats. Every now and then, the seats will be rotated according to the strength of the individual. Unfortunately, the number of seats for the Human Race is too small. Out of more than a hundred seats, only four are occupied. "
"The qualification to enter the top of the tower?" Luo Zheng's eyes flashed slightly. He had traveled thousands of miles to the Sea God Continent for this purpose!
＝＝＝＝＝

Chapter 565
The Tower of Sin was an inverted tower with the top of the tower piercing deep into the ground.
To reach the bottom of the Tower of Sin, Luo Zheng had to reach the top of the Tower of Sin!
"What's at the top of the tower?" Luo Zheng suddenly asked.
Immortal Tian Miao had told Luo Zheng that there was an extremely important inheritance at the bottom of the Tower of Sin. For this inheritance, Immortal Tian Miao had even given up the right to use the Path of Reincarnation. There must be a shocking secret hidden within.
However, Luo Zheng still had no idea what it was.
"You don't know?" Lord Jing looked at Luo Zheng with a strange expression.
Many Sacred Grounds in the Sea God Continent had developed around the Tower of Sin. All the warriors in the Sea God Continent knew that if they wanted to reach a higher level, they had to enter the Tower of Sin! Only warriors who climbed to the top of the Tower of Sin would have the chance to stand at the top of the continent!
Even if Luo Zheng didn't come from the Purple Heart Sacred Ground, how could he not know anything about the Tower of Sin?
This information wasn't a secret. Lord Jing immediately told Luo Zheng, "At the bottom of the Tower of Sin, there's a huge cave. We call it the Mysterious Underworld Cave. That Mysterious Underworld Cave is filled with an intense Mysterious Underworld Death Ray for most of the year! Even a Tenth Level War Reverend would die instantly after being hit by the Mysterious Underworld Death Ray! "
"Mysterious Underworld Death Ray? Killing a Tenth Level War Reverend in an instant! "Luo Zheng frowned.
In the Cursed Lands, the strongest warrior was a Tenth Level War Reverend. War Saints couldn't enter, otherwise, they would be cursed to death. Then, who else could enter the Mysterious Underworld Cave?
Lord Jing saw Luo Zheng's doubts and said, "Because of the Mysterious Underworld Death Ray, most of the time, no one can enter the Mysterious Underworld Cave. However, there's a month in a year when the Mysterious Underworld Death Ray will weaken greatly! Every year, at this time, all the races will enter the Tower of Sin to search for opportunities. "
There were two reasons why the Tower of Sin was important to the Sacred Grounds. Firstly, the Tower of Sin was an incubation base for warriors. As long as one's talent was strong enough, using the Light of Creation to increase one's cultivation would be a hundred times faster than outside! Secondly, the Mysterious Underworld Cave.
So far, the fortuitous encounters that the various Sacred Grounds had obtained in the Dark Nether Cave were unimaginable! Just like the human race's Purple Heart Holy Land, in fact, it was the human race's Purple Heart War Sovereign who obtained a seat in the Sin Tower and entered the Dark Nether Cave to obtain a great fortune!
It was because of this lucky chance that War Reverend Purple Heart was able to break through to the Divine Sea and lead humanity to establish the Purple Heart Holy Lands, allowing humanity to gain a foothold on the Sea God Continent.
"You must obtain a seat to enter the Xuanming Cave?" Luo Zheng asked.
Lord Jing faintly smiled and shook his head, "You don't have to obtain a seat. According to the rules of the Sin Tower, every seat has five spots to enter the Mysterious Underworld Cave. As long as you enter the tenth floor of the Sin Tower and obtain a spot, you can enter the Mysterious Underworld Cave."
"Our human race has four seats. That is to say, there are twenty seats in total?" Luo Zheng asked.
"That's right." Lord Jing nodded. "If you can enter the tenth level when the Xuanming Cave opens, we can consider giving you a spot."
Hearing Lord Jing's words, Luo Zheng's eyes brightened. He smiled and said, "Since that's the case, then I must thank Lord Jing."
Lord Jing shook his head, "Our human race has been weak for many years. We should help each other."
The truth was that these past years, the human race didn't lack powerhouses. On the contrary, the several old monsters of the Purple Heart Holy Lands were extremely strong. Otherwise, such a large Holy Land would have already been destroyed by the other races. The key point was that it had been a long time since a new powerhouse was born in the human race.
For instance, in the Monster Night Clan's Holy Land, there would be several martial artists like Purple Jade popping up every year. As for the human race, in these past ten years, they had only produced three martial artists with god-level talents, and one of them had perished in the Sin Tower …
If this situation couldn't be reversed, then once those old monsters reached the end of their lives and the new generation of martial artists couldn't keep up, the Purple Heart Holy Land would truly decline.
Just as they were talking, a thunderous laughter suddenly came from the entrance of the tavern. Two figures that were like small mountains walked directly into the tavern.
"Haha, I'm afraid the human race won't have any spots this year. Human brat, even if you thank us, it's useless!" The one who spoke was a Demon Race War Senior.
War Senior level powerhouses generally stayed on the eleventh to fifteenth floors. They rarely entered the lower floors. Even a human War Senior like Lord Jing came down to see Luo Zheng. The two Demon Race War Seniors in front of him had specifically come to the second floor for Luo Zheng.
"Yes, Mo Jie is right. The human race only has four spots. I don't know if they can keep their spots this year. That human brat called Ning Haoyu has been in seclusion, but no matter how long he has been in seclusion, it's useless. If he comes out, he'll be slapped to death by me, haha!" The other Demon Race War Senior sneered.
"Brat, why don't you join our Demon Race? Our Demon Race has twenty-two spots! With over a hundred spots, it'll be easy to bring you along! "The War Senior called Mo Xie laughed.
Lord Jing's expression became somewhat ugly.
Although there were conflicts between the various races in the Tower of Sin, they were usually settled in the arena. It was very rare for them to directly provoke each other like this. These two fellows were War Reverend level powerhouses. Their actions were too despicable and did not give them any face at all!
Although the human race was weak, they couldn't just let their prestige be destroyed in front of others and not fight back. Lord Jing was about to speak when Luo Zheng suddenly stood up.
He smiled and said, "Two War Seniors, does your Demon Race have a War General called Yue Shou?"
"Yes, he's the strongest genius of our Flame Demon Holy Land!" Mo Xie sneered.
"Not bad, Yue Shou is pretty good!" Luo Zheng praised.
Mo Xie continued to smile and said, "Nonsense, our Flame Demon Holy Land is full of geniuses. His talent can be promoted to number one, of course it's not bad."
"I'm not saying that his talent is good," Luo Zheng suddenly said with a serious face, "In your eyes, Yue Shou's talent is not bad, but in my eyes, it's not worth mentioning. I'm saying that Yue Shou's mentality is much stronger than yours. In any case, you are Demon Race War Seniors. Although you are only First Order Demon Race War Seniors, your mentality is like that of a scoundrel on the street. Strength? Temperament? "
Luo Zheng's words abruptly changed the topic, and the two Demon Race cultivators were left speechless!
The War Senior called Mo Xie's face was gloomy. He suddenly took two steps forward and a majestic aura pressed down on Luo Zheng.
Master Jing also quietly got up and was about to block in front of Luo Zheng, but Luo Zheng gently waved his hand, indicating for Master Jing not to move. Luo Zheng instead took two steps towards Mo Xie. The distance between the two was very close!
Ordinary warriors would probably tremble in front of a War Senior, especially under the pressure of that soul pressure, they might even be injured.
Although fighting was prohibited in the safe zone, the Demon Race's tyranny was well known in the Tower of Sin. Even if there was a dispute, it would eventually reach the upper levels. Their Demon Race occupied twenty-two seats out of the hundred seats, so in the end, it would be left unsettled!
However, Mo Xie didn't intend to make a big deal out of this matter. He just wanted to let this kid suffer a little loss!
However, Luo Zheng had a faint smile on his face from beginning to end. He stared at Mo Xie with a face like a spring breeze, then sighed and said, "I already said, you're just a First Order War Senior. Do you really think you're something? Your aura is even worse than Yue Shou's. Apart from your cultivation base, you're nothing … "
Master Jing looked at Luo Zheng's calm expression and was pleasantly surprised. However, he didn't know that not to mention a War Senior, even the War Saints of the Purple Heart Holy Land couldn't suppress Luo Zheng with just their aura! The War Saints of the Sea God Continent were on the same level as the Life and Death experts of the Central Domain. When Luo Zheng faced Cui Xie's aura, he didn't even move, let alone these War Seniors.
"Arrogant!" Seeing that his soul pressure wasn't able to suppress Luo Zheng, the Demon Scorpion was helpless. Just like the rumors said, this human boy was a complete freak!
"Arrogant? Hahahaha! " This time, it was Luo Zheng's turn to laugh, "Then, I'll let you see if I'm really arrogant. I'll let you see what a real aura is!"
After he finished speaking, Luo Zheng's eyes flashed. His Combat Soul Realm soul suddenly moved, and a majestic soul pressure spread out from Luo Zheng's body in an earth-shattering manner!

Chapter 566
One's aura was determined by the strength of one's soul. The stronger one's soul was, the more astonishing their aura would be.
However, after Luo Zheng's soul entered the War Soul realm, he restrained his aura. The average person simply couldn't sense it. Only a true powerhouse could see just how powerful Luo Zheng's soul was.
The soul of a War Soul realm was something that even a War Saint powerhouse would find difficult to obtain. One would need to break through to the Divine Sea realm to be able to condense it!
Such a boundless aura gushed out from Luo Zheng's body, rushing out in all directions like a tide. And, this War Saint called Mo Scorpion was the first to bear the brunt of this aura!
Mo Scorpion's fist-sized eyes suddenly widened. In front of him, this human warrior was like a peerless vicious beast!
Luo Zheng didn't use a soul attack. After all, he was a newcomer and there were too few seats for humans in the Sin Tower. Once he attacked, the situation would be far from good. If the 14 races joined forces to punish him, Luo Zheng wouldn't have the ability to resist!
After all, the Sin Tower didn't only have these War Saints, but also many War Saint powerhouses!
As Luo Zheng's aura erupted, he also communicated with the Slaughter Sword Mountain, causing the infernal energy stored within to erupt. With the pressure of his soul combined with the surging infernal energy, Luo Zheng was like a Death God that had come to life!
"Pa!"
In the wine shop, a young servant was carrying a jug of wine. As he felt the aura that was leaking out, his legs went soft and the jug of wine fell to the ground, shattering into pieces. The young servant's face was deathly pale. He held onto the table beside him as if he couldn't stand steadily!
The young servant only bore a little of Luo Zheng's aura. Almost all of Luo Zheng's aura dissipated in front of him. The first ones to bear the brunt of this were Mo Scorpion and another War Saint.
At this moment, the Devil Scorpion felt that he couldn't breathe. His mind was blank. How could this human kid have such a terrifying aura … As Luo Zheng's aura increased little by little, the Evil Qi was released little by little. The Devil Scorpion couldn't help but take two steps back. His whole body was trembling, and his teeth were chattering.
The situation of the other War Reverend wasn't any better. The two of them had just broken through to War Reverends. After crossing a realm, the two War Reverends felt that they had touched upon a brand new domain. They could be considered to have truly entered the upper echelons of the Tower of Sins!
In the Tower of Sin, warriors were the lowest level, warriors were the middle level, and War Venerables were the upper level!
After they became war elders, they heard rumors from the demon clan that a particularly powerful little ant had appeared among the humans. Thus, the two of them wanted to come down and destroy the might of this little ant of a warrior of the eighth step! Who would have thought that this little ant was actually so terrifying?
Annoyance and regret filled their hearts. If this matter was spread out, not only would they lose face for the Demon Race, a dignified Demon Race War Elder would actually be suppressed by a human warrior!
But how could they resist now?
Unless they directly attacked!
But if they attacked here, not only would there be a human War Reverend beside them, the two of them might not be able to get away with it!
As time passed, the two War Reverends were unable to withstand Luo Zheng's pressure and could only continuously retreat. They only stopped when they reached the entrance of the tavern.
The two War Reverends' expressions were extremely gloomy. They clenched their huge fists and stared at Luo Zheng, but couldn't say a word.
Luo Zheng stored his baleful aura into the Slaughter Sword Mountain and quickly retracted his soul pressure. He immediately returned to his previous appearance with a faint smile on his face, giving people a feeling like a spring breeze. Who would have thought that this young man's pressure would force the two War Reverends to retreat?
Seeing that the two War Reverends hadn't left, Luo Zheng said indifferently, "Still want to disgrace yourself?"
Mo Scorpion clenched his teeth and glared at Luo Zheng. In the end, he didn't return to the tavern. He only glared at Luo Zheng and said angrily, "I will wait for you below!"
After that, Mo Scorpion and the other War Reverend flicked their sleeves and left!
Just now, when Luo Zheng's aura spread out, it attracted many creatures in the surroundings, including Warriors and Generals of different races …
They, who were standing at the entrance, saw a human Warrior forcing the two War Reverends out of the tavern by relying on his soul pressure. They were so shocked that their jaws dropped.
"Is, is that kid really a human Warrior?"
"He is indeed an eighth step Warrior called Luo Zheng. He just entered the Tower of Sin a few days ago … If he can't take down Luo Zheng in the arena, this kid will climb to the top of the Tower of Sin. I'm afraid the human race will have one more seat!"
"When did the human race give birth to such a genius? Even the Demon Race and Yao Ye Clan can't find a second one with such strength!"
"Hehe, are you kidding? Since ancient times, such a thing has never happened in our Sea God Continent. The pressure of a Warrior forcing a War Reverend to retreat is simply unimaginable. If it weren't for the bad relationship between the human race and the demon race, I would have thought they were acting! "
Many creatures were discussing at the entrance.
Xia Shuang, who had been sitting in her original position, stared blankly at the youth in front of her. Her beautiful eyes were somewhat infatuated.
Xia Shuang, who came from the Purple Heart Holy Lands, used to be so arrogant. Even in the Holy Lands, which young genius could catch her eye?
Humans were weak on the Sea God Continent, and the geniuses of the Holy Lands rarely went out to train. Xia Shuang was no exception! When she first walked out of the Holy Lands, Xia Shuang felt that she was the pride of the heavens and that the geniuses of the world were nothing more than this.
But when she entered the Tower of Sin with the same group of geniuses, she discovered just how weak the human race was compared to the other races!
Whether it was the Yao Ye Clan, the Demon Race, or the Giant Race, they were all much stronger than the human race. So when she climbed up the Tower of Sin, she trembled all the way.
Sometimes, Xia Shuang wondered if the human race was really inferior to the other races! Just like the Yao Ye Clan, they were born strong and had no impurities in their bodies. From the moment they were born, they were Xiantian lifeforms!
That was until … she saw Luo Zheng.
When she first received the news, she and the others from Starshine tried to contact Luo Zheng. But this human warrior that had crawled out from some unknown crack had actually encountered an 'empty field' as soon as he entered the Tower of Sin. Hearing this, Xia Shuang felt that this human youth was quite good.
The geniuses of the Purple Heart Holy Lands generally didn't dare to enter the Tower of Sin. Everyone knew that geniuses needed to undergo sufficient tempering in order to grow. But, the Purple Heart Holy Lands didn't dare to send anyone into the Tower of Sin. There was no other reason than that they would die too quickly. No matter how many geniuses were sent in, they would all die. How could the Purple Heart Holy Lands dare to send their geniuses in while they were still fighting?
And for Luo Zheng to encounter an 'empty field' as a warrior was already an amazing feat for the human race.
But that idiot Starshine had offended Luo Zheng as soon as he arrived.
And Luo Zheng was indeed arrogant, as if he didn't put the Purple Heart Holy Lands in his eyes.
However, the message passed down from the Holy Land was that they had to maintain a good relationship with Luo Zheng. If this youth could really grow up, then he might be able to obtain another seat for the human race. With another seat, there would be more hope. Within the Sea God Continent, no matter which race it was, they all valued a seat in the Sin Tower!
But when she came into contact with Luo Zheng again, Luo Zheng had actually defeated the god-level genius of the Yao Ye Clan, Purple Jade!
This result … caused Xia Shuang's heart to tremble.
She felt that there was finally a man in this world who could enter her sights!
So when Luo Zheng asked her how much it would cost for a night, Xia Shuang was furious, but in the end, she forced herself to endure.
For a true powerhouse, arrogance wasn't a sign of stupidity. It was just a sign of their inherent pride.
At this time, Xia Shuang had already raised Luo Zheng's strength infinitely. With the cultivation of a rank eight warrior, Luo Zheng might be able to fight against a rank nine or even a rank ten warrior!
Xia Shuang felt that she had overestimated Luo Zheng to have such strength with such cultivation. But what Xia Shuang never expected was that Luo Zheng would be able to force two Demon Race War Reverends back with just his aura.
This was simply unimaginable!
This youth suddenly became incomparably mysterious in Xia Shuang's eyes!

Chapter 567
The smile on Lord Jing's face became even brighter.
Perhaps he thought that the destiny of the Purple Heart Holy Lands these past few years had improved with the appearance of Luo Zheng.
On the Sea God Continent where hundreds of races fought for supremacy, the human race had a chance to turn the tables.
The human race's specialty lay in cultivating true essence. In this aspect, they had an incomparable advantage over other races. 300 years ago and 100 years ago, the human race had produced two God-rank talents.
These two God-rank talents had an extremely high chance of reaching the Divine Sea realm!
Unfortunately, the first God-rank talent had just left the Purple Heart Holy Lands when he was killed by another race. As for the other God-rank talent, although he had grown up, he had ultimately perished in the Profound Nether Cave. Although the Profound Nether Cave contained great lucky chances, it was also extremely dangerous. Even a War Saint would fall if they weren't careful. They wouldn't even have a chance to resist.
However, Lord Jing could see that this Luo Zheng of unknown origins was strong, far surpassing the strength of an ordinary Warrior. His pure strength was terrifying enough to fight against a tenth step War General, and the strength of his soul seemed to be able to suppress a war elder!
If this youth reached the Divine Sea realm, perhaps no one in the entire Sea God Continent would be able to stop his growth.
Judging from this point, Lord Jing felt that the Purple Heart Holy Lands could leave Luo Zheng with as many resources as they wanted.
Lord Jing's goal of meeting with Luo Zheng had been achieved. In truth, Lord Jing wanted to take a step further. He wanted to invite Luo Zheng to the Purple Heart Holy Lands. In the cursed lands, there was a transmission array that led to the Purple Heart Holy Lands. If the Divine Sea Supreme Elders of the Holy Lands were willing to guide Luo Zheng, or even use the Purple Heart Disk to help Luo Zheng, that would be the best outcome.
However, Lord Jing also understood that he was overthinking things. Even the God-rank talents of the Holy Lands didn't receive such treatment. This wasn't something he could decide, so he didn't say anything.
Just as Lord Jing left with Xia Shuang, Xia Shuang suddenly turned her head and said, "You still don't know my name!"
"What's your name?" Luo Zheng faintly smiled.
"Xia as in summer, Shuang as in autumn!" Saying this, Xia Shuang smiled gracefully and turned to leave with Lord Jing.
Back in the living area, Luo Zheng rented a new secret cultivation room and continued to refine the Light of Creation he had obtained from Purple Jade. Relying on the Light of Creation, Luo Zheng's cultivation improved very quickly!
Luo Zheng's goal was to become a War Elder in the Sin Tower!
Only by reaching the level of a war elder would Luo Zheng be able to fight against Cui Xie and defeat Cui Xie.
After entering the Sin Tower, Luo Zheng had only experienced a few battles. When he fought with the warriors on the first floor, the Light of Creation obtained by Luo Zheng allowed Luo Zheng to advance from a Rank 7 warrior to a Rank 8 warrior. However, this was also because Luo Zheng was originally on the verge of a breakthrough, and the Light of Creation was only a catalyst.
On the second floor, Luo Zheng obtained a lot of Light of Creation from Purple Jade. However, after absorbing all the Light of Creation, Luo Zheng didn't break through. According to Luo Zheng's judgment, he would need to absorb an equal amount of Light of Creation before he could break through.
Purple Jade's Light of Creation came from other warriors, while the other warriors' Light of Creation were obtained from the warriors on the first and second floors. Naturally, there wouldn't be a lot of it.
"It seems that I have to climb to the higher floors of the Sin Tower as soon as possible. The amount of Light of Creation on the lower floors is too little." Luo Zheng's goal was the warriors in the Sin Tower.
Those warriors had also climbed up step by step. After reaching the fifth floor, the amount of Light of Creation in their hands would naturally be much more than what they had now!
Unfortunately, the rules of the Sin Tower had restrictions. He had to climb up one floor at a time. Even if all the floors were empty, it would still take a long time.
After resting for an entire night, Luo Zheng walked out of the cultivation room the next day. When he entered the arena, the entire place was silent. There were warriors fighting day and night in the arena.
The matter of Luo Zheng using his aura to force away the two demon war elders had already spread throughout the second floor. Or rather, the majority of the people in the Sin Tower knew that a terrifying fiend had appeared on the second floor. Although that guy was from the human race, his battle strength far exceeded those of the same realm. For the time being, his strength had yet to reach its limit!
Yesterday, Luo Zheng had already defeated the Demon Night Clan's god-ranked genius, Purple Jade. Now, who would dare to challenge Luo Zheng?
When Luo Zheng first arrived, there were two different races fighting in the arena. When the victor was decided, the winner noticed Luo Zheng outside the arena and his expression changed greatly. As if he had been bitten by a snake, he quickly jumped out of the arena.
According to the rules of the Sin Tower, one could fight at will in the arena. If Luo Zheng came up and instantly killed him, he would have died in vain …
Seeing that creature escape, the warriors didn't laugh at him.
No one's life was picked up from the ground. If he was killed by Luo Zheng, he would have died in vain. He would only become a stepping stone for Luo Zheng to climb up. In such a situation, anyone would run away from the arena.
However, the irony was that that creature had already won 16 consecutive victories. He was an overlord on the second floor!
Unfortunately, this overlord had been very depressed these days. First, he encountered Purple Jade. That creature didn't dare to accept the challenge and directly chose to go into seclusion. Now, Luo Zheng had jumped out …
Luo Zheng pretended not to see their actions. That was how the upper echelons were. Of course, Luo Zheng didn't care about the thoughts of these warriors. Those who blocked his path would only have the fate of being crushed.
After entering the arena, Luo Zheng asked indifferently, "Does anyone dare to challenge me?"
Emptying the arena should be the best outcome. Everyone would be happy. As long as the arena was emptied today and tomorrow, the fighters of the second floor would be able to send off Luo Zheng with great joy. At this moment, who would dare to come up and seek death?
All the creatures were silent. They all wanted this guy to get out of here as soon as possible. Every day Luo Zheng stayed here was a kind of torture for them.
However, at this moment, a voice suddenly sounded. "I'll challenge you!"
Hearing this voice, everyone's expression suddenly changed. Luo Zheng's brows also furrowed.
"Who dares to challenge Luo Zheng? Damn it, whether you live or die is none of our business. But if you challenge him, Luo Zheng will have to wait for three days before he can go up to the third floor! Isn't this harming him? "
"That's right! Let Luo Zheng advance freely. If you want to challenge him, go to the third floor and do it! "
"It seems that Luo Zheng will have to stay on the second floor for a few more days …"
While many creatures were cursing, the person who spoke walked out leisurely. It was Purple Jade of the Demon Night Clan!
Purple Jade looked coldly at the warriors who were cursing and said angrily, "What … What did you say?!"
Many warriors immediately shut up.
They had forgotten that there was still a fiend here!
Luo Zheng was indeed terrifying, but this Purple Jade wasn't bad either. In any case, to these fighters, both of them were existences that could not be defeated. This woman was originally in a bad mood after Luo Zheng's "empty stage" yesterday. If they really offended her, it would be troublesome for her to stay on the second floor!
The weak had a lot of trouble …
The warriors on the first floor to the fifth floor had such a tragic fate. If they couldn't climb up, they could only be a stepping stone for others forever. This was the only time the rules of the Sin Tower had changed.
In the early days, there was no free promotion in the Sin Tower, so there was a group of warlords from the major races grinding points on the lower floors. If they didn't have enough points, they couldn't advance at all. At that time, the lives of warriors were completely reduced to a tool for warlords to grind points, and warlords were reduced to tools for warlords to grind points.
Moreover, the Sin Tower at that time was even more chaotic than it was now. There wasn't even a so-called safe area. If they encountered some race's geniuses, they would kill them at will. It was incomparably cruel.
Seeing Purple Jade of the Demon Night Clan come out again, Luo Zheng was unhappy. Could it be that she deliberately came to make trouble because he ended her "empty stage" yesterday? Could it be that this woman really thinks I don't dare to kill her? Thinking of this, Luo Zheng's eyes emitted a fierce light as he stared at Purple Jade.
For some reason, after being stared at by Luo Zheng, Purple Jade felt a little flustered. However, she didn't directly go to the arena. Instead, she added, "I want to challenge you, but not on the second floor! For the time being, I'll let you go to the third floor. If I catch up to you, I'll challenge you! "
Hearing Purple Jade's words, many creatures breathed a sigh of relief and sighed inwardly. Fortunately, this Demon Night Clan woman wasn't stupid. Luo Zheng let her go yesterday, yet she still wants to challenge Luo Zheng today and end Luo Zheng's empty stage. Isn't she courting death?
(Thank you for your support. Unknowingly, I'm number one on the monthly votes list, and I'm also number one on the gifts list. Thank you Chenfeng 7K for your gifts, thank you Little Pirate Lin Zifeng, Mad Snail, Ou Jieshuang, and Wu Fa for your gifts!)
＝＝＝＝＝

Chapter 568
Hearing Zi Yu's words, a smile appeared on Luo Zheng's face. It seemed that Zi Yu was really unconvinced.
If he met her on the third or fourth floor, Luo Zheng would give her the opportunity to challenge him.
Standing in the arena, Luo Zheng waited for a long time, but no one came up to challenge him. Luo Zheng's "empty arena" for today could be considered completed.
A day later, Luo Zheng once again stepped onto the arena. After completing the third empty arena, Luo Zheng smoothly obtained the qualifications to advance to the third floor. Immediately after, Luo Zheng moved on to the next floor.
From the first to the fifth floor of the Tower of Sin, warriors were active, but the proportion of warriors was gradually increasing. From the fifth floor onwards, warriors were basically nowhere to be seen. It was completely the world of warriors.
Because of Luo Zheng's arrival, the first to the fifth floor caused a sensation. The warriors on the third floor were not fools. When they saw Luo Zheng, almost all of them obediently made way for him. Only a few reckless creatures wanted to challenge Luo Zheng.
As Luo Zheng climbed up the floors, the attention of many creatures on Luo Zheng also increased. This was even more so for human warriors. Many warriors on the upper floors ran down to watch Luo Zheng's fights. Unfortunately, there were very few warriors who dared to challenge Luo Zheng. Even if they dared to stand on the arena, they would often be instantly defeated by Luo Zheng. There was simply no exciting scene to watch, and no one could see how strong Luo Zheng was.
On the west side of the tenth floor of the Tower of Sin, there was a huge room. This area had always been occupied by the Demon Race, and other races were not allowed to approach it.
In the Tower of Sin, all the areas were public, but in fact, the Demon Race controlled the most areas, and also the largest area.
In the past, the Demon Race wanted to monopolize the entire Tower of Sin.
In fact, the Demon Race almost succeeded. At that time, there was a famous "Blocking the Door" incident.
At that time, the Demon Race occupied 60 seats in the Tower of Sin! As the most powerful force in the Tower of Sin, the Demon Race suddenly issued an order to expel all the creatures of other races from the Tower of Sin. Those who refused to leave the Tower would be beheaded.
At that time, the Devil Race did it. None of the races were left in the pagoda. They were all driven out!
During that one month, only demons could use the Tower of Sin.
However, this action of the Demon Race had infuriated everyone!
Even though the Demon Clan was the most prosperous clan on the Sea God's Continent and the only clan to own two Sacred Lands, the other clans were still a force to be reckoned with when they joined forces! Disregarding everything else, just the Demon Night Clan's Sacred Land alone was difficult for the Demon Race to resist. Only if the Flame Demon Sacred Land and the Phobic Demon Sacred Land joined forces would they have a chance of stopping the Demon Night Clan.
At that time, all the races joined forces and almost attacked the two Holy Lands of the Demon Race.
After all, the Sacred Lands of the Sea God's Continent relied heavily on the Sin Tower. If they lost the Sin Tower, which was a machine that bred powerhouses, it would be a devastating blow to the Sacred Lands of many races.
If they lost the younger generation, it would be tantamount to losing the foundation of their foothold. In the future, when the Demon Race gradually grew stronger, they would sooner or later wipe out the other races on the continent. Rather than waiting until that time came, it was better to fight to the death with the Demon Race's Holy Land now!
Seeing that the allied forces of many races were about to arrive at the Demon Race's Holy Land, the Demon Race finally understood that they had touched something they shouldn't have.
With no other choice, the Demon Race reopened the doors of the Sin Tower and unwillingly gave up a portion of their seats.
Therefore, the distribution of power in the Sin Tower was actually a microcosm of the Sea God's Continent. The Human Race was easy to bully, so the Human Race didn't have a high status in the Sin Tower. The Demon Night Clan was hard to deal with, so the Demon Night Clan couldn't be underestimated in the Sin Tower.
Even though the Demon Race gave up the Sin Tower, the majority of the tower was still controlled by the Demon Race.
This huge room was decorated very crudely. Several Demon Race people were either sitting or lying down, discussing something.
Not long after, a cloaked Demon Race war reverend walked in from the door and said, "The order from the top has been passed down. They want to send men of sacrifice to assassinate Luo Zheng."
"What! Assassinate that brat? "Moon Guardian, who was sitting in the corner, suddenly stood up.
Several Demon Race war reverends indifferently glanced at Moon Guardian. A Demon Race war reverend walked out from beside the cloaked Demon Race war reverend and coldly said, "Moon Guardian, you don't have the right to speak here!"
Moon Guardian was not afraid, "When that brat enters the tenth floor, I will naturally take his life. Why would I need to assassinate him?"
The cloaked Demon Race war reverend indifferently stared at Moon Guardian. This was because Moon Guardian was the most talented god-rank genius in the Flame Demon Holy Land. If it was any other Demon Race war reverend, who would dare to interrupt the Demon Race war reverend's conversation?
"I understand your feelings, but this is an order from the top of the tower," the Demon Race war reverend indifferently said, "This brat is only a warrior, yet he can give a war reverend so much pressure. If he is promoted to a general, his strength will most likely be unstoppable. Are you sure you are his match?"
"I can defeat him!" Moon Guardian clenched his teeth and said.
The Demon Race war reverend sneered, "I believe you, but it's useless. Luo Zheng's life will be taken away by the Night Clan's men of sacrifice!"
The Night Clan was the sixth-ranked race on the Sea God Continent. This race lived in the night and lived in the darkness.
This race was not considered strong in direct combat, but they were naturally skilled in assassination. They could silently take the life of their opponent without them noticing!
Because they were not skilled in direct combat, without the protection of other races, the Night Clan could not grow in strength on the Sea God Continent. The reason this race was able to become the sixth-ranked race on the Sea God Continent was because of the Demon Race's protection!
To a certain extent, the entire Night Clan was controlled by the Demon Race!
Therefore, the Night Clan specially cultivated men of sacrifice and sent them into the Tower of Sin to assassinate targets that needed to be eliminated.
In fact, all the major races were well aware of the inside story. However, as long as the Demon Race did not go overboard and did not offend the geniuses of the major races, it was fine as long as they maintained the balance in the Tower of Sin.
In the past, the Demon Race would not send men of sacrifice to human martial artists.
The cost of cultivating a man of sacrifice was very high. The human race could not afford this treatment.
However, this time was different. Luo Zheng was too dazzling. From the moment he entered the Tower of Sin, he was destined to alarm the powerhouses at the top of the Tower of Sin!
In the past, there were examples of geniuses of other races rapidly climbing up the Tower of Sin. However, those geniuses were all Battle Generals! This time, Luo Zheng began to climb up as a Battle Warrior. In addition, the Tower of Sin was a holy land for cultivation. Everyone was well aware of the speed at which one could increase their cultivation through the Light of Good Fortune.
Once Luo Zheng climbed to the top of the Tower, the consequences would be unimaginable.
Yue Shou revealed a disappointed expression. He was looking forward to his battle with Luo Zheng. However, Zhan Zun's words made Yue Shou understand that he might not have this opportunity. Yue Shou was well aware of the strength of the Night Clan's assassins.
For so many years in the Tower of Sin, not a single person who had been targeted by the Night Clan's assassins had been able to escape the fate of being assassinated!
Yue Shou clenched his fists. In his heart, he faintly hoped that this assassination would not succeed …
Luo Zheng was unaware of the danger that was approaching him step by step. He passed through the third floor very smoothly. For three days, no one dared to challenge him. After three consecutive no-shows, he obtained the qualification to ascend to the fourth floor freely.
Unfortunately, because no one challenged him, he could not obtain the Light of Good Fortune …
This was indeed a problem. The Light of Good Fortune was very important to Luo Zheng. However, on second thought, he decided to just go to the upper floor and snatch the Light of Good Fortune from the Battle Generals.
After learning that Luo Zheng had advanced to the fourth floor, Purple Jade, who was on the second floor, was also very depressed. At this rate, she was afraid that she would not be able to catch up with Luo Zheng. She had just obtained the qualification to ascend to the third floor, but Luo Zheng had already entered the fourth floor. If she entered the fourth floor, Luo Zheng would probably enter the fifth floor first.
She only hoped that someone would jump out and stop Luo Zheng. Otherwise, she would not have the chance to challenge Luo Zheng again.
On the first day Luo Zheng entered the fourth floor, there were no surprises. After obtaining the Light of Good Fortune, Luo Zheng continued to rent a secret cultivation room to cultivate.
What made Luo Zheng depressed was that because there were no Light of Good Fortune, not only did Luo Zheng not obtain any points, but he also did not obtain any Light of Good Fortune. Therefore, he had to rely on True Essence Stones to rent the secret cultivation room …

Chapter 569
Luo Zheng's face revealed a trace of doubt.
The architecture of the Sin Tower was very special. It was said that as long as something was placed anywhere, it would disappear after a long time and be swallowed by the Sin Tower.
No matter if it was a Spiritual Tool or an Immortal Tool, even a Sacred Tool was unable to avoid this.
This huge tower was like a monster. Apart from living things, everything that was not alive would be devoured by it.
These secret cultivation rooms, including the battle arena, were not built by the creatures of the Sea God Continent. They had originally existed here.
After so many years, there wasn't the slightest bit of damage. It was as if everything inside was indestructible.
Therefore, there was nothing placed in the secret cultivation room. It was empty everywhere. However, after Luo Zheng entered, his perception told him that there seemed to be something he couldn't see in this secret room!
He frowned slightly, then closed the door of the secret room and found a place to sit down quietly.
However, Luo Zheng still maintained his vigilance.
That special aura had always existed in this secret room!
The more Luo Zheng couldn't pinpoint its location, the more vigilant his heart became. If he couldn't pinpoint its location even with his War Soul Realm soul, how powerful was this thing's concealment technique?
Fei-er had also told him that the Tower of Sin was not absolutely safe. Although the rules set by the 14 major races stated that fighting was strictly prohibited in the safe zone, or else they would be hunted down by all the races, in reality, all kinds of assassinations had never stopped in the Tower of Sin.
Luo Zheng was now in the limelight and had a grudge with the Demon Clan. It was hard to guarantee that the Demon Clan wouldn't make a move against him.
Just as Luo Zheng was guessing, his gaze faintly glanced at a corner. "Is there a creature hiding there?" However, after a glance, Luo Zheng's gaze quickly moved away.
He was now sure that there was a creature hiding in the secret room. However, the creature's aura was faintly discernible, making it difficult for Luo Zheng to pinpoint it.
No matter, no matter who you are, you'll still make a move against me! Luo Zheng's eyes narrowed slightly. All the muscles in his body were tense, but he seemed to be very relaxed as he sat down.
Although Luo Zheng was very vigilant, the assassin from the Night Clan was also secretly alarmed.
The Night Clan was famous for their assassins because they were born to be stealthy and good at hiding their presence.
Moreover, in the Night Clan, they cultivated a special technique that could even change the refraction of light, deflecting the other party's line of sight, making it impossible for the other party to discover their existence.
This assassination mission was a huge test for him.
For an assassin of the Night Clan, the most dangerous mission was to assassinate someone in the Tower of Sin.
Because of the rules of the Tower of Sin, even if he succeeded in his assassination, he would be hunted down by the other races. Therefore, while he was an assassin, he was also known as a death warrior! If he failed, he would die. If he succeeded, he would also have a high chance of dying. Assassinating the target and then retreating from the Tower of Sin was simply too difficult.
Therefore, when he accepted this mission, he was as good as half dead.
What puzzled the Night Clan assassin was that this human brat seemed to have sensed his presence!
This Night Clan assassin was an eighth rank Goblin General. In terms of strength, he might not even be a match for a fourth rank Goblin General of the Night Clan, but he had once assassinated a War Reverend of another race outside the Cursed Land!
And this brat in front of him was only an eighth rank Warrior. How could he have sensed his presence?
However, his target had just drifted and he hadn't sensed his position!
Even though he knew of his presence, he wasn't willing to leave the secret room. Was he waiting to counterattack when he made his move?
The Night Clan assassin revealed a sneer on his face.
This brat seemed to be very confident in his own strength.
Unfortunately, confidence alone wasn't enough. Facing his assassination, even a War Reverend wouldn't be able to dodge. Moreover, he was only a Warrior. No matter how talented he was, he would still die under his blade!
The Night Clan assassin began to quietly move along the wall of the secret room. A white bone blade appeared in his hand.
At this moment, a layer of phosphorescence flickered on the surface of his body. That phosphorescence was constantly changing color. It was this layer of phosphorescence that completely concealed his body. Even if one observed from a very close distance, they wouldn't be able to sense his presence.
As the Night Clan assassin approached step by step, Luo Zheng didn't seem to notice him at all. He was still sitting cross-legged with his eyes closed. He didn't know that danger had arrived.
The distance between the two of them was quickly shortened. They were only one step away from each other.
At this distance, he had never failed.
In his eyes, Luo Zheng was already a dead man.
"Sun Piercer!"
His bone blade suddenly erupted at this moment. A true assassin was like this!
At the moment of the assassination, everything should be abandoned. At this moment, the Night Clan assassin only had one target in his eyes, and that was Luo Zheng's heart.
This stab should be able to pierce through this brat's heart.
But in the next moment, his face suddenly froze.
The brat in front of him didn't counterattack, nor did he dodge his bone blade. However, the bone blade was nailed to his back and couldn't advance any further.
How was this possible? Was this brat's body made of steel?
Even if his body was made of steel, his bone blade could still pierce through it!
This bone blade was also made with the Night Clan's secret method. The bones used to make the bone blade were taken from the tibia of a dead Night Clan member. After being strengthened by the secret method, it could communicate with the user's mind, as if it were the user's hands. He could feel that after the tip of the bone blade pierced Luo Zheng's skin, it was abruptly stuck.
A confused and puzzled expression appeared on his face. He had never encountered such a situation before.
Luo Zheng slowly turned his head, a faint smile on his face. "Your concealment method is really powerful. You can hide perfectly in this empty secret room. I can't find you. Unfortunately …"
"Retreat!"
Without waiting for Luo Zheng to finish speaking, the Night Clan assassin's body emitted a phosphorescence. In Luo Zheng's eyes, his body became incomplete.
"You can't escape!"
Luo Zheng's hand shot out like lightning. Midway, his palm turned into a fist and he chased after the assassin!
Just now, Luo Zheng really couldn't chase after the assassin's figure. That was why he sat quietly in place, waiting for the other party to make the first move.
After Luo Zheng's body became a high-grade immortal tool, its strength had increased to an unprecedented level. Ordinary weapons simply couldn't break through the defense of his body.
An assassin who dared to make a move in the Tower of Sin must be a death warrior who was willing to risk his life.
How could a War Venerable expert be willing to become a death warrior? Therefore, Luo Zheng concluded that this assassin's strength couldn't surpass a War Venerable. Even if his concealment method was powerful, it was useless if he couldn't break through Luo Zheng's physical defense. Therefore, Luo Zheng calmly waited for the assassin to make the first move.
"Bang!"
At the crucial moment, the assassin's movements were nimble. Luo Zheng's lightning-fast fist hit the assassin's shoulder!
Even though the punch was off target, it was enough to shatter the assassin's shoulder blade.
Under Luo Zheng's fist, the night clan assassin directly rolled out and crawled on the wall. He spat out a mouthful of blood on the bone blade in his hand. The bone blade began to emit a bewitching red color. The night clan assassin's eyes were red, as if he was a scorpion hiding on the wall!
Although he was a death warrior, he wouldn't sit still and wait for death in a life and death situation. Since he couldn't kill Luo Zheng with one strike, he was already in an extremely disadvantageous situation. If he wanted to turn the tables now, he could only gamble with his life!
"Did the demon race send you?" Luo Zheng asked indifferently.
"Do you think I'll tell you?" The night clan assassin said coldly.
"Hehe, I'm not interested in knowing!" Luo Zheng's voice fell. His figure suddenly flashed, and two loud bangs were heard!
The night clan assassin quickly dodged on the wall. The wall where he had just stopped had two fist imprints, but those fist imprints were quickly disappearing … …
This was the magic of the Tower of Sin. Even if it suffered great damage, it would quickly repair itself. It was as if it wasn't a tower, but a person.
It was also because this was the Tower of Sin. If it was any other place, Luo Zheng's two punches would have caused the entire building to collapse.

Chapter 570
In fact, the easiest way for Luo Zheng to escape was to open the door of the secret room and walk out.
Although it was common for martial artists to be assassinated in safe areas, at least on the surface, no race dared to do such a thing.
After leaving the secret room, the demon race would not protect this assassin. This night clan assassin's mission had already been accomplished. Regardless of whether his assassination was successful or not, he was already a dead man.
"Aren't you afraid?" Luo Zheng suddenly asked.
"Afraid of what?" The night clan assassin's shrill voice rang out.
"With your strength, you won't be able to assassinate me. In this narrow space, you are even less of a match for me," Luo Zheng said with a faint smile.
The night clan assassin's face sank. His small eyes flickered with a trace of despair. "I was originally a death warrior trained by them. Whether I succeed or fail, I should die."
"They? Are you referring to the demon race? " Luo Zheng asked with a smile. He gently turned his body, facing the night clan assassin from beginning to end.
The night clan assassin did not speak. In this situation, it was meaningless whether he admitted or not. However, he still did not give up. Instead, he was preparing his strongest attack. The bone blade in his hand flickered with a bewitching red!
Any counterattack brewed with life essence was extremely powerful. The night clan assassin had already wasted a perfect assassination opportunity. Thus, he would have to gamble with his life for the second chance.
Seeing that the night clan assassin did not speak, Luo Zheng continued, "I think we can make a deal!"
"What kind of deal?" The night clan assassin asked.
"Teach me that secret technique of yours and I can let you go." The night clan's concealment technique was very special. Not only did it prevent others from sensing any aura, but it could also make one's figure disappear in front of others. Luo Zheng was very interested.
The night clan assassin's eyes revealed a trace of excitement.
He was a death warrior. From the day he became an assassin, he was constantly instilled with the principle of sacrificing himself for the night clan. However, for many creatures, the desire to live was deeply imprinted in their bones. The majority of death warriors would retreat the moment they were about to die, but it would be too late. They had no choice but to die or not to die.
If the night clan assassin had been killed by Luo Zheng after his assassination failed, then it would have been fine. However, Luo Zheng had given him a chance to live. In this situation, it was like a drowning person grabbing onto a life-saving sampan!
"Teach me your concealment technique and I will spare your life. How about it?" Luo Zheng asked.
The night clan assassin's eyes flashed. This was a secret technique unique to the night clan, which had not been mastered by other clans. The night clan assassin's face revealed an expression of excitement.
He suddenly descended slowly from the wall and said with a calm expression, "Are you willing to let me go?"
"Killing you won't do me much good," Luo Zheng replied indifferently.
The night clan assassin thought for a while, then slowly walked towards Luo Zheng. "I really want to agree. Unfortunately … apart from the night clan, you can't master this secret technique!"
As soon as he finished speaking, the night clan assassin attacked again!
This time, a thick black smoke suddenly erupted from the night clan assassin's body. Ten shadows separated from his body. As soon as the ten shadows appeared, they rushed towards Luo Zheng from different directions!
Luo Zheng's face flashed with a cold smile. A green light flashed in his eyes. After being cleansed by the tree sap of the sacred tree, his Clear Eyes Spiritual Pupils could see through most illusions. With a gentle flash of green light, Luo Zheng had already identified the location of the night clan assassin's real body.
Immediately, Luo Zheng took a step forward. His body strangely shuttled through space and appeared beside the night clan assassin. "You only had one chance. Unfortunately … you didn't cherish it!"
When Luo Zheng punched, the night clan assassin's face flashed with a strange red color. He seemed to have something to say, but before he could open his mouth, Luo Zheng's fist had already pierced through his chest!
"Pu!"
A cloud of blood spurted out. His whole body was smashed against the wall of the secret room by Luo Zheng's fist. Scarlet blood dyed the wall into an abstract painting. His eyes were full of unwillingness.
In fact, the night clan assassin really wanted to agree to Luo Zheng's request …
But a death warrior was a death warrior. As a death warrior of the demon clan, his clansmen were in the hands of the demon clan. Once he retreated, it meant that none of his clansmen would survive.
The world of martial artists was so cruel. Once you chose a path, there was no room for retreat.
Looking at the bloodstains on the wall, Luo Zheng shook his head and sighed. Luo Zheng might not be able to guess the reason, but he was clear that this night clan assassin should have something on Luo Zheng in the hands of the demon clan. Therefore, he had no choice but to serve as a death warrior to assassinate him.
Luo Zheng didn't find anything from this night clan assassin's body. Finally, he left the assassin's corpse in the secret room. It wouldn't be long before his body was slowly devoured by the Tower of Sin. There wouldn't be any trace left in this world.
A demon clansman turned a corner and stared at the secret room Luo Zheng rented.
A long time had passed, but the door to the secret room still hadn't opened.
With the methods of the night clan assassin, it would only take an incense stick's worth of time to kill a human warrior. But now, several hours had passed. Why … did the door still not open?
Did he fail?
This demon clansman didn't dare to leave. He just stared at the door.
After several hours, the door to the secret room finally opened. From the door, a figure flashed out like a ghost. But in the blink of an eye, the figure disappeared!
"Huh?" The demon clansman was puzzled when a voice suddenly sounded beside him.
"Still waiting for someone?" Looking at the demon clansman, Luo Zheng smiled.
The demon clansman looked at Luo Zheng and was speechless. He only stammered, "You, you … I don't know you!"
Luo Zheng smiled and shook his head at the demon clansman, "Of course you don't know me. But I'll let you pass on a message. You demons are too cowardly. If you want to kill me, there will be plenty of opportunities in the arena …"
"We demons are never cowards!" The demon clansman had always been proud of being brave and fierce. The word 'cowardly' was never suitable for them.
Luo Zheng waved his hand and revealed a faint smile. Then, he turned and left. Luo Zheng really didn't have much to say to the other races.
Luo Zheng spent three days to ascend to the third floor. Luo Zheng also didn't encounter any obstacles on the fourth and fifth floors. Except for a reckless giant who challenged Luo Zheng and died miserably, no one else dared to challenge Luo Zheng.
Just like that, Luo Zheng ascended all the way to the fifth floor. From the sixth floor onward, there were no more warriors. Almost all of them were warlords.
However, the cultivation of the warlords on the sixth floor was still on the low side. Almost all of them were rank one and rank two warlords. There were even very few rank three warlords!
The Tower of Sin was a microcosm of the entire Sea God Continent. The higher one's cultivation was, the higher one's position would be. Every floor of the Tower of Sin operated according to a pattern. Those who were powerful would obtain the Light of Creation and their cultivation would rapidly increase. Those who were weak would either hide in a certain floor and remain stagnant or become a stepping stone for other experts.
From the sixth floor onward, the number of warlords who dared to challenge Luo Zheng increased.
Although many creatures knew that Luo Zheng's strength wasn't ordinary, most of the warlords were unconvinced when they saw Luo Zheng's identity as a warrior. How could a human warrior climb to the sixth floor?
Some of the more radical warlords walked up to the arena one after another.
However, Luo Zheng used his fists to tell them what he relied on to climb to the sixth floor step by step!
Because there were more opponents to challenge, Luo Zheng's "empty arena" became more and more difficult. He fought a total of seven rounds on the sixth floor and killed six creatures. The only one he spared was a human warrior! Seven days later, these new warlords finally understood that Luo Zheng wasn't someone they could stop. Following that, there were still three days of "empty arena". Luo Zheng continued to climb to the seventh floor.
From the sixth floor onward, Luo Zheng obtained more and more Light of Creation. After reaching the seventh floor, Luo Zheng entered the chamber once more to increase his cultivation. Because he had accumulated a great deal of Light of Creation, after refining it, Luo Zheng's cultivation directly jumped from the eighth level of warrior to the tenth level of warrior!
Luo Zheng was only a single step away from becoming a warlord!
Luo Zheng was looking forward to stepping into the warlord realm. If his cultivation could reach the warlord realm, he might be able to rely on his mortal body to contend with those early warlord powerhouses! It had to be known that he cultivated the transcendent divine might 'Stellar War Body' and had yet to display it in front of others!
＝＝＝＝＝

Chapter 571
Breaking through from a Warrior to a Warrior was the same as breaking through from the Divine Reflection realm to the Divine Core realm.
In order to break through this realm, one would need to accumulate a considerable amount of Light of Fortune.
Although the warriors in the Tower of Sin could break through at a very fast speed, even those Saint rank geniuses would need to spend a long time in the Tower of Sin before they could break through.
Although Luo Zheng had fewer chances to break through, and his speed of breaking through had slowed down, the amount of Light of Fortune he had accumulated had increased. However, Luo Zheng didn't absorb these Light of Fortune. Instead, he gathered them together and used them to break through to the Warrior realm.
In the Tower of Sin, the warriors on the seventh floor were between Rank 3 Warlords and Rank 6 Warlords, the warriors on the eighth floor were between Rank 5 Warlords and Rank 8 Warlords, and the warriors on the ninth floor were between Rank 7 Warlords and Rank 10 Warlords.
With Luo Zheng's current strength, breaking through the first nine floors of the Tower of Sin wasn't too difficult for him.
But, the troublesome thing was, these Warriors were coming one after the other, and rarely gave Luo Zheng a chance to break through.
Because in the eyes of these battle generals, they would only make the "war elder" level powerhouses empty the arena, because war elders were indeed stronger than them, while Luo Zheng was just a small warrior. Although the strength he displayed was astonishing, he did not have the qualifications to make them not dare to challenge him, thus making the arena empty.
Therefore, whenever Luo Zheng stepped onto the stage, there would always be some Warriors who didn't know what was good for them to challenge him.
Despite this, Luo Zheng had still obtained enough points to climb up the stairs, one floor at a time.
One month later, Luo Zheng finally entered the tenth floor of the Tower of Sin.
From this floor onwards, Luo Zheng would only encounter two types of opponents. One would be Divine Realm Warriors, and the other would be Reverends!
Just as Luo Zheng walked down the stairs to the tenth floor, Xia Shuang walked towards him with a group of humans. With a smile on her face, she said, "One month, you're here earlier than I expected."
Luo Zheng chuckled and said, "But it's later than I expected!"
"Come with me. After entering the tenth floor, the opponents you will encounter will be much stronger." Xia Shuang's eyes flashed as she moved closer to Luo Zheng. A faint fragrance wafted from her body.
Luo Zheng nodded and followed Xia Shuang.
The battle general named Xing Hui kept his head to the side. Although he was not convinced, he had to admit that Luo Zheng's strength was enough for the Purple Heart Holy Land to pay attention to him.
Until now, Luo Zheng's cultivation was still stuck at the level of a tenth-order fighter. For the human race, there had never been a fighter who could climb to such a height. This was a record that was almost impossible to surpass. It was impossible to surpass in the past, and it was likely that no human fighter would be able to surpass it in the future!
What was even more ridiculous was that until now, Luo Zheng hadn't been able to reveal his true strength!
No matter if it was facing a rank one battle general of the sixth floor or a rank ten battle general of the ninth floor, Luo Zheng was always calm and composed. It was as though these battle generals could not force him to use his true trump card.
Luo Zheng's deeds were now like a storm that swept across the entire Sea God Continent.
Even if Luo Zheng had not done anything, he had already made a great contribution to the Purple Heart Holy Land. In the Purple Heart Holy Land, there were people talking about the human boy who suddenly appeared in the Tower of Sin almost every day!
In order to cooperate with the publicity, the human race specially recorded the scenes of Luo Zheng fighting with other races and broadcasted them in the Purple Heart Holy Land through the letter tablet. Therefore, this boy who had never been to the Purple Heart Holy Land had long become the idol of many human cultivators!
Moreover, this craze showed no signs of stopping. Instead, it became more and more intense in the Purple Heart Holy Land. There was once a rumor that Luo Zheng was the Holy Son of the human race. Through word of mouth, Luo Zheng became a legend.
Before Luo Zheng appeared, Xing Hui and Xia Shuang were a pair of golden boy and jade girl. They were also the two with the strongest talent in the younger generation of the Purple Heart Holy Land. However, Xia Shuang's talent was slightly stronger than Xing Hui's.
Now, when this pair of golden boy and jade girl was compared to Luo Zheng, they naturally paled in comparison.
Xia Shuang did not seem to care about this at all. Instead, every time she mentioned Luo Zheng, she would praise him. Xing Hui saw this and was angry in his heart. When did this arrogant Junior Sister of his look at others? Now, as long as he spoke to Xia Shuang, she would always mention Luo Zheng in three sentences. This almost caused Xing Hui to collapse! The jealousy in his heart towards Luo Zheng naturally increased with each passing day.
What was even more depressing was that he had no way to reverse this situation. Even though he had desperately cultivated during this period of time, he had gone to the arena four times in a month and won all four battles! If such a dazzling result was in the past, it would have shocked the Purple Heart Holy Land. The human race would definitely reward Xing Hui greatly.
However, all the eyes of the human race were now focused on Luo Zheng. It was as if they had forgotten about this god-ranked genius of the human race …
Therefore, when he saw Luo Zheng, it would be strange if Xing Hui had a good expression on his face.
The layout of every floor of the Tower of Sin was similar. After Xia Shuang went around the stairs, they passed by a fighting arena. Just as his gaze swept across the arena, Luo Zheng's body suddenly trembled!
In the arena, a figure was constantly swaying and circling around the arena.
It was a human woman. She was wearing a seven-colored dress and was constantly dodging the attacks of an orc in the arena. That orc was also a tenth-level warlord. Although he wasn't tall, the muscles all over his body were filled with explosive power!
Every time the beastman's vital essence erupted, the heavy axe in his hand would be swung like a whirlwind of death, heavily chopping down at the girl!
"Boom!"
This extremely heavy axe was still dodged by the human girl. The heavy axe that struck the air was forcibly embedded in the arena. When the beastman pulled the heavy axe out of the arena, the huge crack constantly wriggled and slowly closed. Soon, it was restored to its original state.
The Tower of Sin had this magical ability. Otherwise, after so many years, the tower would have been riddled with holes.
However, Luo Zheng's gaze was fixed on the human girl from beginning to end. Finally, he murmured, "Yun Luo? Why is she here? "
The others did not hear Luo Zheng's words. However, Xia Shuang, who was closest to Luo Zheng, heard it. Hearing Luo Zheng call out Yun Luo's name, Xia Shuang stared at Luo Zheng in astonishment and asked, "Yun Luo? How do you know her? "
Xia Shuang's astonishment was reasonable. Luo Zheng did not come from the Purple Heart Holy Land. As for Yun Luo … although she came from the Purple Heart Holy Land, her origins were quite mysterious. Except for a few people in the Purple Heart Holy Land, she had always been on the upper level of the Tower of Sin. Luo Zheng had no way of knowing Yun Luo.
When Luo Zheng saw Yun Luo, the memories of White Emperor City came flooding back.
After the trip to White Emperor City, Luo Zheng participated in the Sect Tournament. He did not stop and directly entered the Trial Taker's Road. When he arrived at the Cloud Hall, he did not have a chance to see her again. Luo Zheng thought that if he were to see Yun Luo again, it would at least be after he rescued Luo Yan from Cui Xie and returned to the Eastern Territory.
In the Eastern Territory, there were still some things that Luo Zheng had to deal with.
Back then, Luo Zheng was not strong enough, so he had to put aside the matter regarding Her Highness Su Lingyun. After all, there were still Divine Core warriors in the Imperial Palace. With Luo Zheng's current strength, he could definitely return to the Eastern Territory. But, he still had to face a strong enemy, Cui Xie!
Luo Zheng had never thought that the girl who wore a rainbow-colored dress and wooden clogs would suddenly appear on the other side of the continent, and appear in the Tower of Sin on the Sea God Continent. What was going on?
On the fighting stage, Yun Luo's rainbow-colored dress was fluttering in the wind like a leaf drifting in the wind. She nimbly dodged the attack of the orc's axe, then she gently waved her hand. She wasn't using her True Yuan, and she wasn't summoning a barrier, she was using a finger art!
"Swoosh!"
Yun Luo's True Yuan shot out from her finger, forcefully impaling the orc's axe.
No one knew how heavy the axe was, but it was firmly held in the orc's hand. However, when it was hit by the finger art, a dent appeared on the high-ranked Immortal Weapon!
"Is her name really Yun Luo?" Luo Zheng asked with uncertainty.
Xia Shuang nodded her head and replied, "Yes." At the same time, she looked at Luo Zheng with a strange expression. Since he knew her name, why couldn't he confirm her identity?
Luo Zheng was indeed uncertain.

Chapter 572
From the Central Domain, which was the Tianbei Region, to the Sea God Continent, the distance between the two continents was hundreds of thousands of kilometers. Luo Zheng couldn't think of any other way to get here except for the large transmission array in the Heaven Mist Immortal Tomb.
But could there be such a coincidence in the world?
Yun Luo's clothes, appearance, and temperament were almost exactly the same. There was no difference at all. Only her cultivation and cultivation method were different.
In White Emperor City, Yun Luo majored in boundary techniques, while here, Yun Luo majored in finger techniques.
Just as Luo Zheng was thinking carefully, the beastman in the arena suddenly roared. The giant axe in his hand swept up a gust of wind as he wildly swung it at Yun Luo.
Yun Luo's seemingly soft body was like a leaf in a gust of wind. She constantly shuttled back and forth between the giant axe. Every time she dodged, she was only a few centimeters away from the giant axe.
Xia Shuang looked at Luo Zheng's expression and suddenly smiled. "You seem to be very worried about her? Actually, you don't need to … Yun Luo is a very strange person. "
"Strange? What's strange about her? "Luo Zheng asked.
"She has been in the Tower of Sin for six years and has always been on the tenth floor," Xia Shuang said with a smile.
"Six years? Has always been on the tenth floor? "Luo Zheng's eyes widened.
Xia Shuang nodded. "That's right. Furthermore, she would fight at least six times a month. The Light of Creation that she has accumulated … is probably enough to create twenty war supremacies. However, she has never refined it even once. She has given it all away."
Hearing Xia Shuang's words, Luo Zheng was speechless. He choked for a while before asking, "She gave away the Light of Creation?"
"Yes, the warriors of our human race challenge Yun Luo. Yun Luo can just admit defeat and the Light of Creation she has accumulated will belong to her opponent," Xia Shuang said with a wink.
According to the rules of the Tower of Sin, this was indeed feasible. But what was Yun Luo's purpose? Why did she keep her cultivation at the tenth rank without breaking through? What was her purpose?
The warriors who entered the Tower of Sin did so for the Light of Creation in order to quickly improve their cultivation. However, not only did Yun Luo need the Light of Creation, but she also wanted to transfer the Light of Creation to others?
"Since she was able to stand in the Tower of Sin for so long, why would anyone still dare to challenge her?" Luo Zheng asked.
Xia Shuang smiled and said, "When there's a great reward, there will always be brave men. Yun Luo likes to accumulate a large amount of Light of Creation. There will always be people who overestimate their own strength. As long as you can defeat Yun Luo, the amount of Light of Creation you can obtain will be very shocking!"
"I see …" Luo Zheng nodded.
While the two of them were talking, the situation in the arena suddenly reversed. Yun Luo's figure suddenly sped up and flew out from a gap in the giant axe. Her small wooden clogs kicked the orc's face and floated up high.
Next, Yun Luo flipped in the air and an invisible astral essence gathered in his hand. Then, an extremely cold voice rang out.
"Netherworld Finger!"
"Pu!"
Yun Luo's finger suddenly shot out and directly pierced through the orc's head. It shot into the arena and pierced a big hole in it!
"Transparent astral essence." Luo Zheng raised his eyebrows. Back in White Emperor City, the astral essence that Yun Luo used was also colorless and invisible. It was completely transparent and very special! So far, Luo Zheng had never seen anyone whose astral essence was pure and transparent. He didn't know what the connection between the two was.
However, Xia Shuang said, "I'm afraid the people on the ninth floor will suffer again …"
Looking at the big hole in the arena, Luo Zheng also deeply agreed. The power of this finger had directly pierced through the arena. This strength was indeed shocking. Although Yun Luo was a tenth-order warlord, Luo Zheng wasn't sure he could defeat her!
The big hole in the arena was constantly squirming and healing, like the mouth of a monster. However, there was a small hole in the orc's head that was bleeding. After a while, he fell to the ground with a plop. The blood slowly flowed out and was quickly absorbed by the arena's ground.
Suddenly, there was a burst of whispers in the surroundings.
"We shouldn't have challenged Yun Luo. She already has the strength of a warlord. Challenging her is courting death!"
"But the temptation is too great. This time, Yun Luo has accumulated six months' worth of Light of Creation and hasn't given it to anyone. If the challenge is successful, I'm afraid we can directly break through to the warlord level!"
"The temptation is great, but the risk is even greater. In the past few years, hundreds of warlords have died in Yun Luo's hands, right? The human race is such a weak race, but such a weirdo has appeared. Yun Luo is the floor master of the tenth floor! But she doesn't go up … It's best if she goes to the top of the tower and gets killed by those warlords! "
"This time, the human race seems to have one more monster. That guy called Luo Zheng has just advanced to the tenth floor. I suspect that the human race is really going to rise up."
No matter how weak the human race was, in the tenth floor, there was a special existence like Yun Luo. No one could ignore her.
A beam of Light of Creation shot from the orc's nameplate to the nameplate on Yun Luo's chest. Yun Luo looked around expressionlessly and said coldly, "Who else wants to challenge me?"
No living creatures around made a sound.
Yun Luo blinked her eyes and then walked down the arena.
"Isn't there a chance to advance freely if the arena is empty for three consecutive days?" Luo Zheng asked.
Who knew that Xia Shuang would spread her hands and say with a smile, "So what? Yun Luo has probably encountered an empty arena hundreds of times, right? At most, she has been empty for an entire month. No one has challenged her, but she insists on staying on the tenth floor and absolutely won't advance. If she is willing to advance, the human race will probably have one more seat. "
At this moment, Yun Luo walked down the arena and actually walked towards Luo Zheng.
Luo Zheng looked at the nine-colored long dress swaying left and right and the small wooden clogs clicking on the ground. He recalled the girl in White Emperor City who was known as the Slaughterer. What he wanted to see the most was Yun Luo's back. Would she have the same scars as that Yun Luo?
After Yun Luo walked over, she glanced around and then her eyes stopped on Luo Zheng. The two maintained a distance of one foot. Luo Zheng didn't intend to ask about the doubts in his heart here. After all, he didn't want to reveal that he came from the Central Domain to others. If there was a chance, he wanted to talk to Yun Luo alone.
Unexpectedly, Yun Luo suddenly moved closer. She moved her small head closer, raised her nose, and sniffed.
This action made Luo Zheng take two steps back. Xia Shuang and the other Human Race generals were puzzled. However, Yun Luo's actions had always been strange. This Human Race girl who had no expression on her face all day long was a mystery even to the Purple Heart Holy Land.
It was said that five years ago, the Human Race's War Sovereign Yue Ru Xin ascended to the top of the tower and obtained the fourth seat of the human race. She also relied on a large amount of Light of Creation given by Yun Luo to break through consecutively. Of course, Yue Ru Xin relied on her own strength to obtain the seat, but the Light of Creation given by Yun Luo must have contributed greatly!
After taking a deep breath, Yun Luo stared coldly at Luo Zheng and said, "You smell very good. I like it very much."
Hearing Yun Luo's words, Luo Zheng didn't know whether to laugh or cry. What smell could he have? Looking at her expression, Luo Zheng was sure that this Yun Luo was not the same person as the Yun Luo in White Emperor City. Because of this, Luo Zheng was even more confused.
What was the relationship between the two Yun Luos?
Even if there were a large population in the Vast Thousand World, it was impossible for two people with the same name, the same appearance, and even the same clothes to appear so coincidentally. There was no such boring coincidence in the world!
A strange smile also appeared on Xia Shuang's face. This girl was really strange …
"Fight with me. If you can beat me, I'll give you the Light of Creation," Yun Luo said immediately.
These words made Luo Zheng roll his eyes. He was not confident that he could defeat Yun Luo at all, but if he activated the Starry Battle Body, he might be able to win with difficulty. The problem was that they were both humans, so why should they challenge each other? Most importantly, if Luo Zheng defeated Yun Luo, her Light of Creation would naturally belong to him. Why did he need her to give it to him? This did not make sense logically.
Xing Hui puffed up his cheeks, and jealousy rushed to his mind. Where did this guy Luo Zheng come from? It seemed that he didn't know Yun Luo, right? Even if Yun Luo was a War Sage of the Human Clan and greeted her, she might not even respond. However, when she saw Luo Zheng, she took the initiative to come over and talk to him. What kind of logic was this? Did she think that Luo Zheng smelled good? What kind of smell could a man have? Didn't they all smell bad?
"I don't want to fight with you." Luo Zheng shook his head and quickly rejected Yun Luo's request.
Yun Luo stared at Luo Zheng and asked, "Why?"
Luo Zheng shrugged and suddenly changed the topic. He stared at Yun Luo seriously and asked, "I want to know, where are you from?"
Yun Luo blinked, and a rare meaningful expression appeared on her face. She said hesitantly, "Have you seen me before?"

Chapter 573
Everyone's eyes focused on Luo Zheng's face.
Compared to Yun Luo's background, there were actually more mysteries surrounding Luo Zheng!
Therefore, everyone seemed to be more interested in Luo Zheng …
Luo Zheng didn't answer this question here, but Luo Zheng interpreted a message from her words. Yun Luo seemed to know the existence of another Yun Luo …
"You can say that I've seen you before," Luo Zheng's answer was somewhat ambiguous.
"Where?" Yun Luo's eyes flickered slightly.
Luo Zheng couldn't answer this question directly, so he just faintly smiled. "If there's a chance, let's talk alone."
"Okay," Yun Luo leaned forward and sniffed again. "I like your smell. You can find me anytime."
Hearing Yun Luo's words, everyone's face revealed a strange expression. Yun Luo's words were somewhat ambiguous, especially when they came from her expressionless face, which made people feel incomparably strange.
Luo Zheng faintly smiled, the corners of his mouth curved into a confused smile. Yun Luo, that little girl, had left a very deep impression on Luo Zheng. Luo Zheng was also very interested in the mysteries surrounding her. In White Emperor City, Luo Zheng knew that Yun Luo came from the Yun Family, one of the eight noble families of the Eastern Territory, but was she really a member of the Yun Family? Luo Zheng didn't know what kind of past she had. If there was a chance to uncover the mysteries surrounding Yun Luo, Luo Zheng certainly wouldn't miss it.
At this time, several demons suddenly walked over from the side of the arena. The one leading them was the strongest genius of the Flame Demon Holy Land, Yue Shou.
Ever since the Demon Race sent a death squad to assassinate Luo Zheng, Yue Shou had been very worried, worried about Luo Zheng's safety …
He was originally a god-rank genius of the Demon Race, but now he was worried about Luo Zheng. This was indeed an unreasonable thing. However, Yue Shou belonged to the kind of martial artist with deep obsession. As soon as Luo Zheng entered the Tower of Sin, Yue Shou had already regarded Luo Zheng as his opponent.
Thus, a deep obsession formed in Yue Shou's heart!
This was Yue Shou's heart of martial arts! If he wanted to challenge someone, he had to personally end them. It was this incomparably stubborn heart of martial arts that allowed Yue Shou to become the strongest genius of the Flame Demon Holy Land!
Therefore, when the Demon Race sent assassins of the Night Clan to assassinate Luo Zheng, the Moon Guardian firmly opposed it. It was a disgrace for the powerful Demon Race to use underhanded means to get rid of their opponents.
Unfortunately, the Moon Guardian did not have the right to decide.
Even if Yue Shou's father was the most powerful person in the Flame Devil Holy Land!
However, the Holy Land was the Holy Land, and the Tower of Sin was the Tower of Sin. On the surface, the Demon Race in the Tower of Sin was under the control of the Holy Land, but in reality, the Holy Land was unable to completely control the War Reverends in the Tower of Sin.
These demon race war saints were admittedly inferior to the demon race war saints of the Holy Land, and there were even some Divine Sea Supreme Elders that were stronger. But, they were in the Tower of Sin and the Holy Land was completely helpless against them. The Holy Land was unable to completely control the war saints in the tower!
When the news of the failed assassination spread, Yue Shou was overjoyed for a long time. Then, he began to pay attention to Luo Zheng, helplessly watching as Luo Zheng climbed up to the tenth floor!
With Yue Shou's strength, he should have ascended to the eleventh floor of the Tower of Sin last month. But, in order to challenge Luo Zheng a day earlier, he didn't choose to ascend. Instead, he waited here for Luo Zheng!
"I've been waiting for you for a long time!"
Yue Shou's stature was considered small and short amongst the Demon Race. The several Demon Race people behind him were nearly half his height, towering behind him like several small mountains.
But even though they were all Tenth Level Warriors, the aura of these Demon Race people was far inferior to Yue Shou's!
Ordinary Demon Race people gave off a wild and desolate aura, like a desolate ancient mountain. But, Yue Shou's aura was very unique. It was like a sharp knife. Anyone who was stared at by this aura would feel a dull pain.
In contrast to Yue Shou's aura, Luo Zheng always had a faint smile on his face, giving off a refreshing feeling. After experiencing so many things, Luo Zheng had already learned how to hide his edge. He completely hid his edge, not revealing it in the slightest!
In the stands of the arena, everyone's eyes were focused on this place!
Yue Shou was the overlord of the Tower of Sin's tenth floor. He stood side by side with the Demon Night Clan's god rank genius Mu Qingyang. They were the strongest powerhouses amongst the Battle Generals! Many people speculated that even if Yue Shou entered the eleventh floor with the cultivation of a Tenth Level Warrior, he wouldn't fear those early War Saints!
At the same time, everyone knew that the person Yue Shou was waiting for here was Luo Zheng! That monstrous genius from the human race!
With the identity of a Tenth Level Warrior, he crushed his way up the Tower of Sin all the way to the tenth floor …
This achievement could only be described as monstrous. Up until now, no human, no living being, had ever achieved such a feat.
If Luo Zheng's cultivation was allowed to grow and enter the top of the Tower to obtain a seat, with Luo Zheng's abnormal strength, it was hard to say whether or not he would change the rules of the Tower of Sin.
This was also the reason why the Demon Race wanted to get rid of Luo Zheng. Allowing such a seed to grow was too terrifying …
Without a doubt, everyone knew why Yue Shou was waiting for Luo Zheng. Yue Shou was the weapon the Demon Race used to snipe Luo Zheng!
In terms of pure strength, Luo Zheng was indeed powerful. With the strength of a Tenth Level Warrior, he was able to defeat a Tenth Level Warrior.
But everyone also knew that Luo Zheng wasn't the only one who had the ability to fight above his level. Yue Shou also had the ability! Those First and Second Level War Saints probably weren't Yue Shou's match.
Of course, the battle between Luo Zheng and Yue Shou was highly anticipated!
Hearing Yue Shou's words, Luo Zheng's eyebrows suddenly rose and he said with a smile, "I'm also looking forward to this battle!"
"You just entered the tenth floor, so you shouldn't have gone to the Talent Stele, right? I'll wait for you to return from the Heavenly Sin Stele! "Yue Shou stared sharply at Luo Zheng and said.
"Talent Stele?" Luo Zheng's face revealed a doubtful expression.
At this time, Xia Shuang walked to Luo Zheng's side and said with a smile, "Those who just entered the tenth floor can enter the Talent Stele to receive the talent baptism! After going through the Talent Stele, not only can you test your talent level, you can also increase your talent! But how much it increases will depend on luck … "
"Talent!" Luo Zheng's eyes flickered slightly.
Talent was often a measure of a martial artist's potential and how much room he had for growth.
Affecting a martial artist's achievements and ultimate strength, there were often three factors: talent, destiny, and temperament. To a martial artist, temperament was the heart of martial arts. To a martial artist, temperament was the heart of martial arts. To a martial artist, whether or not they could endure hardships, whether or not they had a persevering heart, all of these factors were incomparably important. If a martial artist had an outstanding talent but neglected to cultivate, then they would only be a waste in the future, even if they had a divine level talent!
However, compared to luck and talent, the heart of martial arts was the easiest to change. As long as one was firm in their heart of martial arts and walked forward courageously, they would naturally have great perseverance!
But talent and luck were two things that were hard to change.
Luck was an illusory concept that ordinary people couldn't comprehend. Who knew if their luck was good or bad? Perhaps only the heavens knew!
Just like how some people said that Luo Zheng was a person with great luck, but how strong his luck was, and whether his luck today was good or not, no one could be sure. They could only judge his luck through Luo Zheng's past and experiences.
Relatively speaking, talent was easier to control than luck.
Talented powerhouses could cultivate and improve faster than others. They could learn anything with just a look and practice. This martial artist had a pretty good talent.
Therefore, among martial artists, there were Human-level talents, Earth-level talents, Heaven-level talents, Saint-level talents, and God-level talents.
But even so, it was only a slight generalization. Hearing Xia Shuang's words, the Talent Monument seemed to be able to quantify everyone's talent? And it could even strengthen one's talent?
To Luo Zheng, this was a bit inconceivable!
Xia Shuang's mouth curved slightly. "Yes, the Talent Monument in the Tower of Sin does have the ability to change one's talent. I can take you there now!"
Many creatures were also very interested in Luo Zheng's talent! To be able to have such strength at the level of a tenth-level fighter, Luo Zheng did indeed have god-level talent. The problem was that there were differences among god-level talents. They wanted to see how high Luo Zheng's talent was!
＝＝＝＝＝

Chapter 574
Of the 15 floors of the Tower of Sin, only the tenth floor had a Talent Tablet.
In truth, Luo Zheng's guess was correct. This Tower of Sin should have the same function as the Rising Dragon Arena. It was likely that it was a massive tower used by some race to cultivate. However, the Tower of Sin was a Rising Dragon Arena that had been magnified a hundred times.
As for whether or not the Rising Dragon Arena had any effect on ascension, Luo Zheng had no idea.
Xia Shuang led Luo Zheng in the front, with several human generals following behind. As for the last few people, there were also a bunch of other race beings following behind.
Almost all of these people were curious about Luo Zheng's talent. They naturally wouldn't miss out on this opportunity.
After passing through the arena, there was a massive space not too far away. This should have been a living area, but the structure of this floor was slightly different.
On the wall in front of Luo Zheng, there were many names carved into it. These names were arranged from top to bottom.
Luo Zheng swept his eyes over these names and soon found the name 'Xia Shuang'. But, Xia Shuang's name was ranked on the sixth floor.
"These names are …"
Just as Luo Zheng asked, Xia Shuang smiled and said, "These names are all geniuses that have been tested by the Talent Tablet!"
Hearing Xia Shuang's words, Luo Zheng's eyebrows shot up. He looked around with rapt attention.
Xia Shuang was a genius that came from the Purple Heart Holy Lands. Even though the human Purple Heart Holy Lands were small and weak, they still had a Divine Sea Supreme Elder overseeing them. From this perspective, they were actually much stronger than the Central Domain.
Throughout the entire Central Domain, there hadn't been a single Holy Land influence. Even the Void Spirit Sect was only a fifth-grade Holy Land.
Judging from this point, Xia Shuang's talent should be slightly higher than Little Jie's. But, comparing the sect's strength alone might not be accurate, but there was nothing wrong with this comparison.
With Xia Shuang's talent, she was only ranked on the sixth floor?
Luo Zheng's face was filled with astonishment.
Then, the names on the sixth floor all had a talent above Xia Shuang's!
"Yue Shou! The fourth floor! "Luo Zheng quickly found Yue Shou's name.
Xia Shuang nodded. "In the history of our Sea God Continent, only six people's names have appeared on the fourth floor. Two of them are on the tenth floor. One is the demon race's Yue Shou and the other is the Demon race's Mu Qingyang!"
Yue Shou, Qingyang, Yue Shou, Yue Shou's talent, Yue Shou, Yue Shou, Yue Shou.
...................................
An answer quickly surfaced. The Tower of Sin definitely didn't originate from the lower realms. This Tower of Sin might have originated from the human race, or it might have originated from some other race. Regardless of which race it was, this race must have originated from the higher realms. Otherwise, it would be impossible for them to produce so many geniuses.
"Is there no one in the Sea God Continent who is talented enough to reach the top?" Luo Zheng asked.
"Yes!" . "Xia Shuang replied," The first name on the second row is Liu Yu, the super genius of the Demon Night race from two hundred years ago! "
Luo Zheng swept his gaze across the second row and saw Liu Yu's name.
These names should be arranged according to the order of appearance. Luo Zheng saw that Yue Shou was also ranked first on the fourth row. Mu Qingyang was ranked second on the fourth row. Because they hadn't been in the Tower of Sin for a long time, they were naturally ranked after passing the Talent Stele's test.
As for Liu Yu, after such a super genius appeared in the Tower of Sin, there probably wouldn't be a second one …
How many living beings entered the Tower of Sin every year? So many geniuses from different races were sent into the Tower of Sin. Even if they weren't god-grade geniuses, they would at least be saint-grade or heaven-grade geniuses.
But so far, only one living being had climbed to the second floor. Yue Shou and Mu Qingyang were only ranked on the fourth floor!
Luo Zheng's gaze continued to jump up. The name on the first row …
"Yun Miaoxin!"
"Ancient River Wheel!"
"Cliff!"
"Fire!"
"Nurnin Tower!"
Luo Zheng could tell that the first two names might be from the human race, but that wasn't necessarily the case. Other living beings could also have such surnames.
As for the names behind, they were a little strange. The names like "Cliff" and "Fire" seemed more like nicknames.
Moreover, there were only five names on the first row!
This Tower of Sin had existed for countless years. Perhaps it had been used by some big race in the Upper Realm for countless years. Yet, only five names could be engraved on it …
However, he did not know just how terrifying the talents of these five people were.
"Why isn't Yun Luo's name on it?" Luo Zheng suddenly asked.
Xia Shuang smiled. "It's very simple. Yun Luo hasn't been in there before."
Yun Luo had been standing not far from the crowd. She stared blankly at the ceiling with an expressionless face. No one knew what this enigmatic girl was thinking about.
Unexpectedly, her ears were so sensitive. When she heard Luo Zheng talking about her, she walked over absent-mindedly in her wooden clogs and said in a cold voice, "It seems that it's not a bad idea to test it …"
As soon as Yun Luo's voice fell, everyone looked at her with strange eyes.
Yun Luo was a mystery to the human race, as well as to other races. This valiant girl had actually surpassed the definition of "genius", and her strange behavior puzzled all living beings.
However, no matter what, Yun Luo's existence was beneficial to the human race. At least she would accumulate a large amount of Light of Creation and give it to other races. For this reason, the demon race had actually sent assassins to assassinate Yun Luo. Yun Luo's actions were very helpful to the human race, which was something the demon race didn't want to see.
However, three assassinations had failed. This enigmatic girl was simply an undefeatable existence on the tenth floor …
Fortunately, Yun Luo wouldn't be promoted. If she was promoted to the upper floor, she would be as troublesome to the demon race as Luo Zheng.
Because there was a Talent Stele on the tenth floor, of course, more than one living being had discussed Yun Luo's talent. They wondered what kind of existence she would be after entering the Talent Stele.
Previously, many people of the human race had persuaded Yun Luo to accept the Talent Stele's test because even if her ranking wasn't high, her talent would increase a little. For every warrior who entered the tenth floor, the Talent Stele was a must. Only a fool would give it up.
However, Yun Luo wouldn't listen to them. Or rather, she didn't listen to any race in the first place. Of course, she wouldn't listen to the orders of the human race. As for the higher-ups of the human race, they didn't dare to offend Yun Luo and could only let her do as she wished.
Who would have thought that Yun Luo would suddenly change her mind and be willing to enter the Talent Stele?
Xia Shuang's gentle eyes were filled with a strange expression. Why did she change her mind when Luo Zheng came? Xia Shuang naturally didn't believe that there was no connection between the two.
She had never heard Yun Luo say that anyone smelled good. Most of the time, Yun Luo was expressionless, as if she was a puppet made by someone. If she didn't need to eat, she could probably be described as a walking corpse.
"Then you go first," Luo Zheng stretched out his hand and said with a smile.
Yun Luo didn't decline at all. Instead, she approached Luo Zheng's collar and sniffed, like a small beast sniffing its food. After sniffing, a satisfied expression appeared on her face, and then she turned and entered a door.
When Yun Luo walked in, the whole wall suddenly trembled slightly, and the door slowly closed naturally.
"How long does the Talent Stele test take?" Luo Zheng suddenly asked.
"It can be long or short. The short ones take half an hour, and the long ones take about two hours," Xia Shuang said with a smile.
Then, the wall suddenly burst into light, and the densely packed names flickered and jumped. Soon, Yun Luo's name appeared on the wall.
"The lowest level?" Luo Zheng's expression froze.
At this moment, Yun Luo's name indeed appeared on the bottom row.

Chapter 575
This wall was densely engraved with names, and there were nine rows of them in total.
Presumably, the race that built the Sin Tower measured talent according to nine ranks.
The bottom row, which was the ninth row, should be the row with the lowest talent.
Luo Zheng noticed that after Yun Luo's name appeared, all the other names moved one place behind her. In other words, the last name in the ninth row had been squeezed out.
It was no wonder. Even if this wall was huge, there were at least tens of thousands, hundreds of thousands, or even millions of names recorded on it.
"This is normal. When you first enter, you'll be in the bottom row. However, the names will change. You can climb up step by step," Xia Shuang explained.
"So it's like that." Luo Zheng nodded.
Luo Zheng didn't know what kind of test Yun Luo was taking. Everyone could only watch as the names on the wall changed.
Not long after, Yun Luo's name disappeared from the ninth row. The moment it disappeared, Yun Luo's name appeared on the eighth row, squeezing out the last name in the eighth row.
Immediately after, Yun Luo's name disappeared and appeared on the seventh row.
Just as she jumped to the seventh row, she disappeared and appeared on the sixth row …
"So fast!" Xia Shuang exclaimed.
The people on the tenth floor naturally paid attention to the situation of the other races. When the geniuses of some races entered the Talent Monument, they would attract many people to watch. Some of the races would even organize this information and send it to the top of the tower.
Every race hoped to give birth to powerful geniuses. At the same time, they didn't want to see new geniuses appear in other races. Thus, the Talent Monument was closely watched by many people.
In the sixth row, Yun Luo's talent was already equal to Xia Shuang's. Because Yun Luo's name was above the sixth row, Xia Shuang's name was pushed down by one place.
There were many geniuses in the sixth row of the Sin Tower. Perhaps in a few years, Xia Shuang's name would be slowly pushed down by the latecomers.
However, Xia Shuang's name only stayed on the sixth row for a short while before jumping to the fifth row …
Many people were sighing.
In recent years, there weren't many geniuses who could reach the fifth row. Apart from the Demon Race and the Yao Night Clan, the geniuses who could reach the fifth row could be ranked at the top of the other races.
As for the Human Race …
Putting aside Yun Luo, this enigmatic girl, she was the top genius of the Purple Heart Holy Land, but she was only able to sit in the sixth row.
However, although everyone sighed, it was actually within their expectations. With the talent Yun Luo displayed, if she couldn't make it to the fifth row, then the geniuses of all the races would lose face. Up until now, no one had ever defeated Yun Luo among the tenth-order warriors on the tenth floor!
After that, Cloud Fall stayed in the fifth row for a while and didn't jump again.
There was even a hint of disappointment on everyone's faces.
"Yun Luo's talent is worse than Yue Shou's …"
"The fifth row is already very impressive. At the very least, he is stronger than the Deity level geniuses of many races."
"No, I think Yun Luo can at least jump to the fourth row!"
While everyone was discussing, Yun Luo's name suddenly flashed. Her name jumped again and finally jumped to the fourth row, pushing Yue Shou's name to the back.
"Fourth row!"
"Just as I expected …"
"Actually, it's normal for her to enter the fourth row. Yun Luo's talent should be above Moon Guardian's!"
As soon as they finished speaking, Yun Luo's name jumped to the third row!
"She's in the third row. She really is a monstrous existence. Her talent is probably second only to Liu Yu of the Demon Night Clan!"
"Sigh, if only Yun Luo was more normal. With her talent, she might be able to lead the human race to a new glory …"
"What's the use? Although I, Yun Luo, am willing to help the human race, I don't belong to the human race. She belongs to the Tower of Sin! "
While everyone was discussing, Yun Luo's name disappeared again and appeared on the second floor!
Seeing this scene, everyone was in an uproar.
Yun Luo had pushed Liu Yu's name down by one …
Who was Liu Yu?
200 years ago, the Demon Race was even more powerful than now. Although there were rules, the Demon Race's War Venerables occupied more than half of the seats at that time. Apart from the Demon Race, all the other races were suppressed. Even the Demon Night Clan was no exception!
All kinds of assassinations and open killings filled the Tower of Sin!
Every time a super genius was born in the other races, they would be eliminated by the Demon Race shortly after entering the Tower of Sin!
The other races were furious, but they didn't dare to say anything.
After all, after the incident of the Demon Race blocking the Tower of Sin, the Demon Race gave up a portion of the seats and allowed the other races to cultivate in the Tower of Sin.
It was Liu Yu's appearance that put an end to this and completely suppressed the Demon Race!
Whether it was assassinations or open killings, they had no effect on Liu Yu. Liu Yu was like a star that was rapidly rising. As the number of floors continued to rise, his strength also increased rapidly!
When the Demon Race recovered from their shock, they actually sent War Venerables to assassinate Liu Yu …
But at that time, even War Venerables couldn't stop Liu Yu.
In the end, Liu Yu killed his way to the top of the Tower of Sin and smoothly obtained a seat. At the same time, he killed the 12 War Venerables of the Demon Race! With his strength, he dug out 12 seats from the Demon Race's hands!
Liu Yu's appearance could be said to have completely ended the Demon Race's dominance!
Later on, after Liu Yu walked out of the Tower of Sin, he changed the structure of the continent. After a hundred years, after Liu Yu reached the Divine Sea Realm, the Demon Night Clan's Sacred Land's strength now surpassed that of the Flame Demon Sacred Land and the Fear Demon Sacred Land! It required the two Sacred Lands of the Demon Race to join forces to resist!
Now, Liu Yu had become a legendary figure on the Sea God Continent!
Even those ancient giants were very wary of Liu Yu!
Seeing Yun Luo casually take the test and obtain such a result, many humans couldn't help but sigh …
If Yun Luo was willing to help the human race, she might be able to achieve the same result as Liu Yu. Although they didn't expect her to be able to develop the human race to the same level as the Demon Night Clan, after all, the Demon Night Clan's overall strength was very strong. It could only be said that the Demon Race had taken the initiative at that time and had a huge advantage over the other races.
But at least Yun Luo could guarantee that the human race would be able to get out of the current situation and not be bullied!
Just when everyone thought that Yun Luo's name would be fixed on the second floor, Yun Luo's name disappeared again …
"She wants to go up again?" Someone touched his chest, indicating that he couldn't accept it.
"Who on earth is this Yun Luo! How is this possible … "
"She's actually ranked alongside those people …"
"These five people have always been legendary figures and don't exist on our Sea God Continent! This Yun Luo … "
The five names in the first row were very familiar to the people in the Sin Tower. After all, the five names in the first row were always the most eye-catching, so how could they not see them?
As for the speculations of these five people, many living beings had their own opinions.
In fact, their guesses were similar to Luo Zheng's.
Such a miraculous Sin Tower was definitely not something from the lower realm. The five people in the first row were most likely from some great power in the upper realm. Their talents were probably far beyond the imagination of many living beings on the Sea God Continent, and they could only be described as legends.
No one would have thought that there had always been a legend by their side!
No matter what, Yun Luo was able to squeeze into the first row and move those five people's names by one place. No one on the Sea God Continent had ever done this before.
Liu Yu couldn't do it, and the other geniuses couldn't do it either!
After Yun Luo's name stabilized, the light on the wall slowly dissipated, and the door slowly opened. Yun Luo's nine-colored dress swayed continuously as she slowly walked out.
Then, she turned her head expressionlessly and glanced at her name. There was no longer any expression on her face. There was no joy or happiness. It was as if everything was supposed to be like this. It was completely within her expectations …
She walked toward Luo Zheng and said coldly, "It's your turn, right?"
Luo Zheng nodded. He didn't stop and walked toward the door.
Xia Shuang smiled behind him and said, "Luo Zheng, do your best!"

Chapter 576
Luo Zheng's name appeared on the ninth row.
Many races paid even more attention to Luo Zheng's performance!
Based on Luo Zheng's current eye-catching performance, he was already on the same level as Moon Guardian and Mu Qingyang.
Although Luo Zheng and Moon Guardian hadn't fought yet, many people were already very optimistic about Luo Zheng's chances!
There had never been such a genius in the human race before.
Luo Zheng had entered the tenth floor of the Tower of Sin with the cultivation of a tenth level fighter. This had never happened in the entire Sea God Continent. Even Liu Yu hadn't been able to do it back then!
Of course, this was also related to the environment of the era.
Back then, there were no rules for free promotion. Although Liu Yu was powerful, he still needed to climb up from the bottom floor.
Moreover, in order to ambush Liu Yu, the demon race had sent a large number of demon geniuses to challenge Liu Yu. Liu Yu's opponents were almost one after another. The amount of Light of Creation he obtained was more than a hundred times more than Luo Zheng's. Therefore, Liu Yu's cultivation speed was also much faster.
Now that he could freely advance, the amount of Light of Creation Luo Zheng obtained was actually less. The increase in his cultivation wasn't that great.
It wasn't that the demon race didn't want to ambush Luo Zheng. It was just that the demon race was much weaker than before. They couldn't afford to waste a large number of geniuses on Luo Zheng. In a situation where the assassination failed, it was better to let Luo Zheng freely advance to the tenth floor and let Moon Guardian kill him.
If Luo Zheng stayed on the lower floor for too long, his cultivation would continue to increase. Moon Guardian might not be Luo Zheng's opponent.
The other races were very concerned about Luo Zheng's talent, but the human race was very concerned about it.
Xia Shuang's face revealed a trace of nervousness.
The human race was very clear about the significance of Luo Zheng's appearance.
For the Purple Heart Holy Land, Luo Zheng was like a cardiac stimulant. Even though Luo Zheng had never taken a step into the Purple Heart Holy Land, his reputation in the Purple Heart Holy Land was already remarkable. From the ordinary disciples to the old monsters at the Divine Sea Realm, they were all paying attention to this mysterious young man, hoping that he could bring about a change in the fate of the entire Purple Heart Holy Land!
"I wonder how far Luo Zheng can advance?"
"At least the fourth floor? I think that Luo Zheng's potential is definitely greater than Moon Guardian's! "
"Yes. Even if Luo Zheng can't defeat Moon Guardian, his future potential isn't something that Moon Guardian can compare to!"
The Moon Guardian, who was standing not far away, didn't say anything when he heard this.
Frankly speaking, Yue Shou also agreed with their conjecture. Yue Shou never overestimated himself or underestimated his opponents. After all, Yue Shou was a Tenth Rank Warrior. If he returned to the Tenth Rank Warrior's cultivation, it was absolutely impossible for him to rush to the tenth floor of the Tower of Sin. Back then, when he was still a Tenth Rank Warrior, he could indeed challenge those of a higher rank.
However, he could only challenge a rank 3 warlord. He had once lost to a rank 5 warlord.
In comparison, Moon Guardian was no longer as good as Luo Zheng.
However, Moon Guardian wasn't discouraged because of this. Talent was something innate. Moon Guardian couldn't change it at all. However, he had luck and perseverance. He could also create a legend!
After Luo Zheng entered the door, the originally dim environment slowly lit up.
He had always been curious. How did this Talent Tablet test one's talent?
After all, talent was different from trials. Trials directly tested a warrior's strength. They constantly used illusion arrays to create enemies to attack the person being tested. When the person couldn't hold on, the result would be out.
But what about talent?
After a while, a ray of light suddenly shone down in front of Luo Zheng. Then, nine stone tablets appeared.
"Eh?"
Luo Zheng suddenly felt a powerful power of law transmitted from these stone tablets!
"The power of law on these stone tablets completely corresponds to my own power of law!" Luo Zheng couldn't help but exclaim.
This was definitely not a coincidence …
Perhaps the Talent Stele had placed the nine stone steles there after sensing the power of the many nomological laws in his body.
The power of law contained in these stone tablets was even stronger than the power of law in the obelisks in the True Dragon World …
Luo Zheng walked towards an obelisk and spread his perception, immersing it into the nine stone tablets.
"This is … the power of law on the second level!" Luo Zheng's face revealed a trace of amazement.
Regardless of the power of law, it was divided into ten levels. Because Luo Zheng had received the baptism of law, his compatibility with any law had reached a perfect realm. Therefore, it was very easy for Luo Zheng to cultivate the power of law.
However, back in the True Dragon World, Luo Zheng had only learned the first level of law. After returning to the Central Domain, there was no place for him to cultivate the second level of law. In the Central Domain, even those False Tribulation Realm powerhouses hadn't cultivated the complete power of law. For example, the power of law of space was even more incomplete and could only rely on oneself to comprehend it.
However, these Source Laws had been accumulated by countless people since ancient times. It was obviously unrealistic to rely on oneself to comprehend them.
Luo Zheng hadn't expected that he would have such an opportunity in the Sin Tower …
After Luo Zheng looked around, he chose the stone tablet that recorded the power of law of space and began to comprehend the power of law within.
Luo Zheng had never heard of a talent test having a time limit. Therefore, he didn't care about the ranking on the Talent Stele. This kind of false reputation was very important to the Purple Heart Holy Land because it was like a spiritual totem to a race.
To Luo Zheng, it was actually worthless. In comparison, cultivating the power of law was more important. Therefore, Luo Zheng planned to comprehend the power of law on all the stone tablets before leaving.
However, just as Luo Zheng chose the stone tablet, the other eight stone tablets that recorded the second level of law slowly faded and disappeared before Luo Zheng's eyes …
"How could this be!" Luo Zheng was completely depressed.
After choosing a stone tablet, the other stone tablets actually disappeared! This was a good opportunity for Luo Zheng to cultivate the power of law.
Luo Zheng could only sigh. Fortunately, the stone tablet in front of him that recorded the power of law of space didn't disappear. Luo Zheng didn't think about it and began to concentrate on comprehending the power of law of space.
If it weren't for the law baptism, Luo Zheng's compatibility with the power of law of space would be the highest. At that time, he had only encountered a space storm and comprehended a trace of the power of law from it. Now that he had a ready-made space stone tablet, Luo Zheng's comprehension speed naturally wouldn't be slow.
'This Talent Stele only tests the speed of comprehending the power of law?'
Luo Zheng thought to himself as he comprehended the power of law of space. If that was all, it wouldn't be difficult for Luo Zheng. He was already very sensitive to the power of law of space. Moreover, after the law baptism, his compatibility with the power of law had increased to a level that couldn't be improved.
What Luo Zheng didn't know was that while he was comprehending the power of law of space, the names on the wall were also quietly changing.
Like Yun Luo, Luo Zheng's name was rapidly moving up.
Ninth row …
Eighth row …
Seventh row …
Soon, Luo Zheng's name was juxtaposed next to Xia Shuang's name.
"Luo Zheng's name is moving up very quickly! It seems to be faster than Yun Luo's! Can he also jump to the first row? "
"You're thinking too much. The Talent Stele doesn't test strength or speed. Speed doesn't determine height! Last time, a god-level genius' name stayed in the ninth row for a full two hours. Didn't he rise to the fourth row in the end? "
"It's not moving now? Could it be that Luo Zheng's talent is similar to Xia Shuang's? "
"What's the hurry? As long as Luo Zheng doesn't come out, we can't make a conclusion! "
Xia Shuang didn't say anything. However, she didn't know why, but she had a strange premonition in her heart. She felt that this man would definitely achieve a good result.
It was impossible to expect someone to stand in the first row like Yun Luo, but Luo Zheng could at least enter the third row and become an existence only second to Liu Yu, the God-Emperor!
Yun Luo, who was originally uninterested in anything, was also expressionlessly staring at the names on the wall. However, no one could guess what she was thinking …
Xing Hui's face was extremely gloomy!
Sixth row … This kid had already jumped to the sixth row! He, Xing Hui, was also known as a god-level genius in the Holy Land. He was a character on par with Xia Shuang. However, after taking the test, his name could only be written in the seventh row!
The ninth to seventh rows had the most people because after Xing Hui took the Talent Stele's test, there were still many people taking the test. His name had long been squeezed to the back. He estimated that it wouldn't be long before he would be completely squeezed out!
Looking at Luo Zheng's name in the sixth row, Xing Hui's heart suddenly had a kind of consciousness of resignation!
(Recommended novel 《Xingchen Xuan Zun》. Born with a crippled meridian, unwilling to accept fate, mysterious stars recognize their master … Search to see.)
＝＝＝＝＝

Chapter 577
It hadn't been long, but Luo Zheng had already been promoted to the sixth row, easily surpassing him.
Who knew which row Luo Zheng would be promoted to?
In the Tower of Sin, besides Xia Shuang, Xing Hui was the most talented disciple of the Purple Heart Holy Land! His talent was inferior to Xia Shuang's, so Xing Hui could accept his fate.
Ever since he was a child, Xing Hui had regarded Xia Shuang as his only rival. She was also the object of his affections.
But this brat Luo Zheng, who came from some unknown corner, how could he compare to him, who came from the Purple Heart Holy Land?
In the Purple Heart Holy Land, Xia Shuang was like a goddess. Even to Xing Hui, she was indifferent. But to Luo Zheng, she was so patient. On the contrary, that brat was very arrogant. It would be strange if Xing Hui's mentality was balanced. So when Luo Zheng's name jumped, Xing Hui's heart would tremble!
The power of the Space Laws on the stone tablet was of great help to Luo Zheng.
The first layer of the Space Laws allowed one to travel through space, so the first layer of the Space Laws was called "Travel". After comprehending the first layer of the Space Laws, one would be able to travel a short distance, making it impossible to guard against.
The second layer of the Space Laws was called "Tear". If one completely comprehended the second layer, one could tear space at will. The torn space would form a fault. Not only could it block all attacks, but it could also form a space blade. In other words, one could use the space crack as a weapon!
With great difficulty, he finally obtained the opportunity to comprehend the second layer of the Space Laws. At this moment, Luo Zheng was very focused. He focused his consciousness on the stone tablet, concentrating on comprehending the Space Laws.
Given enough time, he could completely comprehend the second layer of the Space Laws. However, what Luo Zheng didn't expect was that …
In less than three incense sticks of time, the stone tablet actually began to gradually disappear!
"…"
Luo Zheng was speechless again. He didn't know what the Talent Tablet was trying to do.
The time given to Luo Zheng was too short. He had only comprehended about one-tenth of the second layer of the Space Laws. In other words, it was only about 10%!
Luo Zheng would rather give up the Talent Tablet's test. He wanted to talk about the second layer of the Space Laws. Unfortunately, the Tower of Sin didn't give him this opportunity.
"Is the test over?" Luo Zheng murmured.
As soon as Luo Zheng's voice fell, the pitch-black space around him changed again. Magnificent colors began to flicker all around Luo Zheng!
Kacha!
A crack suddenly appeared in front of Luo Zheng. It was actually a spatial crack!
The moment the spatial crack appeared, it shot towards Luo Zheng at an extremely fast speed.
That spatial crack was like the mouth of a monster, wanting to swallow Luo Zheng in one gulp.
Seeing this, Luo Zheng's figure suddenly flashed, and he forcibly avoided being swallowed by the space crack …
"This is also part of the test?" Luo Zheng had a puzzled look on his face. Perhaps he wanted to test the extent of his comprehension of the Laws of Space.
Originally, Luo Zheng thought that the Talent Tablet had some special secret method that could directly test a martial artist's talent. But now, it seemed that Luo Zheng's thoughts were truly naïve. Talent was originally a martial artist's comprehension of a certain subject.
Everyone was different. They had different preferences towards certain subjects, and their speed of comprehension also differed.
However, the mystical aspect of this Talent Tablet was that it seemed to be able to automatically distinguish each person's strengths, and then allow them to comprehend according to their strengths. After comprehending, it would test the efficiency of their comprehension. In this way, one would be able to determine the level of their talent.
If someone was extremely sensitive to the Laws of Fire, they would likely choose the Fire Law Tablet. But now, this test directly used all kinds of flames to attack!
"But this test is still not accurate." Luo Zheng shook his head.
Luo Zheng had just avoided the spatial crack, and he had only used the first layer of the Space Laws. After shuttling back and forth for a period of time, he was able to avoid it. This had nothing to do with his talent, but with Luo Zheng's strength.
But now, Luo Zheng had underestimated the power of the Talent Tablet!
Immediately after, spatial cracks began to appear all around Luo Zheng. As soon as these spatial cracks appeared, they rushed towards Luo Zheng. It was as if hundreds or even thousands of headless monsters had suddenly appeared in the darkness!
"So many!"
Luo Zheng's figure constantly shuttled back and forth in space, rapidly avoiding the spatial cracks!
But as more and more spatial cracks appeared, Luo Zheng's space to dodge became smaller and smaller.
This space wasn't large to begin with, and there weren't many places where Luo Zheng could move. As more and more spatial cracks appeared, Luo Zheng would be swallowed up by them sooner or later.
When Luo Zheng had dodged the giant swords that Si Miaoling had summoned from the Extreme Purple Realm, he had also used this move. But at that time, even if Si Miaoling had summoned hundreds of giant swords, Luo Zheng would still be able to find a foothold. But now, it was different. Luo Zheng's footholds were becoming smaller and smaller. If Luo Zheng was unable to resist these spatial cracks, he would likely be eliminated immediately!
Spatial cracks …
Luo Zheng's eyes narrowed.
Through the second level of the Law of Space, Luo Zheng had a certain understanding of space.
The first level of shuttling through space was actually to compress two spaces together. From an outsider's perspective, Luo Zheng had shuttled through a certain distance in the blink of an eye. But for Luo Zheng, he had only taken a single step. The shuttling distance was caused by the Law of Space gluing two "points" together.
In other words, Luo Zheng had bent space and then taken a shortcut.
The second level of spatial cracks was different.
Some super powerful beings could directly tear space apart by brute force. This showed that space actually had a certain strength. The smaller the world, the lower the strength of the space, and the easier it was for people to tear it apart.
For example, the space on the trial taker's path was extremely unstable. No one could even tear it apart. There were many spatial cracks and weak spots. At that time, Luo Zheng had been able to use those weak spots to move.
However, in the Great Thousand Domains, the strength of space was terrifyingly high. Even False Tribulation experts were unable to tear space apart. They could only use secret techniques to make space extremely weak. For example, Daoist Big Dream, who was at the middle stage of the False Tribulation Realm, could disturb space and create a "weak spot" in it. Then, he could use that "weak spot" to use the Phantom Step to move.
However, Daoist Big Dream did not have the ability to tear space apart.
If he wanted to tear space apart in the Great Thousand Domains, even Cui Xie would find it difficult, unless he could completely comprehend the second level of the Law of Space!
If Luo Zheng was given a few days and nights, Luo Zheng would probably be able to comprehend the second level of the Law of Space. However, the time just now was too short. Luo Zheng was unable to grasp this opportunity!
At this time, he could only rely on himself to comprehend it!
While Luo Zheng was constantly dodging, he also began to search for the answer. Although space was torn apart, why would it cause harm to him?
Everyone was like a fish swimming in space. If there was a fault in the water, the fish would naturally swim in a certain direction! From this point of view, there was no difference between space and water!
"A fish in the water?"
Thinking of this, Luo Zheng's True Essence suddenly began to revolve, and he began to operate the second level of the Law of Space!
Even if Luo Zheng had not completely comprehended the second level of the Law of Space, it was enough!
After all, Luo Zheng did not intend to tear space apart, nor did he think that he would be able to freely use the second level of the Law of Space so quickly. What he wanted to do was to turn himself into a small fish that was constantly swimming, a small fish in space.
"Let's give it a try!"
Luo Zheng gritted his teeth. This time, he did not try to travel through space. Instead, he stood quietly in place.
Just as Luo Zheng stopped, the space cracks that were like the mouths of monsters swallowed Luo Zheng from all directions. At this moment, Luo Zheng chose to close his eyes!
If anyone else were here at this moment, they would probably think that Luo Zheng had given up.
"The first point of tearing space apart in the second level is to integrate oneself into space. In fact, this point has already been touched upon in the first level of the Law of Space. However, it is relatively simple. If I combine the first level of the Law of Space with what I have just comprehended, I should be able to do it!"

Chapter 578
Anyone who didn't understand the Law of Space would be instantly torn to shreds by this spatial crack. Even a Divine Tool wouldn't be able to withstand the power of the spatial crack!
Luo Zheng's body was incomparably tough. He was probably the only one in the entire universe who possessed the body of an Immortal Tool. However, even if Luo Zheng had such a tough body, he would probably be torn to shreds if he was directly sucked into the spatial crack!
However, the moment those spatial cracks rolled towards Luo Zheng, Luo Zheng's eyes slightly lit up. A mysterious power of the Law of Space flickered from the surface of his body, tightly wrapping him within it.
Then, a strange scene appeared.
Those spatial cracks that could tear apart Divine Tools didn't tear Luo Zheng's body apart. After Luo Zheng's body was overlapped by the spatial cracks, he was completely floating on the surface of the spatial cracks, completely unaffected!
After completely comprehending the second layer of the Law of Space, one could create spatial cracks at will and use them as their own weapons. However, if one wanted to create spatial cracks, one had to adapt to them!
As the spatial cracks spread, Luo Zheng's body was constantly filtered by the spatial cracks. However, he appeared on the other side of the spatial cracks in one piece. At this moment, he really became a small boat floating on the surface of the water. The spatial cracks were like waves on the surface of the water. Every time these waves rolled over, Luo Zheng would undulate along with them, unharmed …
Wave after wave rolled over, but Luo Zheng was able to wander freely on these spatial cracks.
Not only that, but Luo Zheng also continued to study the spatial cracks and the essence of space. Although this method was slower than comprehending the Law of Space on the stone tablet, it was still much faster than the most clumsy way of comprehending the Law of Space.
During this process, Luo Zheng's name continued to move up on the wall outside.
Originally, Luo Zheng's name was in the sixth row, the same row as Xia Shuang's name. However, at this moment, his name started to move up again, step by step!
"The fifth row!"
"The fourth row!"
As everyone screamed, Luo Zheng's name shot up like a rocket. Soon, he stood in the fourth row, standing in the same row as Yue Shou and Mu Qing Yang!
Seeing this ranking, Xia Shuang quietly let out a sigh of relief. No matter what, the Human Race finally had a genius that could rival the Demon Race and the Demon Night Clan. According to past experience, as long as Luo Zheng didn't die, any genius in the fourth row would be able to obtain a seat.
However, the worries of Xia Shuang and the other Human Race weren't dispelled. Previously, the Demon Race had already determined that Luo Zheng was a great threat and wanted to eliminate Luo Zheng. Now, Luo Zheng's ability.... and Luo Zheng......
Xia Shuang also understood that the Purple Heart Holy Land would not let this matter rest. After the talent test, the Purple Heart Holy Land would do their best to protect Luo Zheng!
....................................
Right at this time, a martial artist wearing an azure robe walked over.
"Lord Jing." Xia Shuang, Xing Hui, and the other Human Race generals cupped their hands towards Lord Jing and bowed.
Lord Jing nodded. As his eyes fell on Luo Zheng's name, his extremely reserved eyes flashed. "He's already in the fourth row?"
"Mm! He should still be able to go up! "Xia Shuang said confidently.
In truth, it was extremely difficult for a name to jump up a row. For example, as long as a genius like Yue Shou and Mu Qing Yang didn't die, they would definitely be able to obtain a seat at the top of the pagoda in the future. If they continued to grow, they would break through to the Divine Sea realm and become the backbone of a Holy Land.
But Liu Yu was different. A second row genius like Liu Yu could lead the Demon Night Clan to a new era!
Liu Yu's record had been set 200 years ago. Now, Liu Yu was just over 200 years old. For a martial artist, this was the prime of their life. But, Liu Yu had already become the most formidable powerhouse on the Sea God Continent! This wasn't a legend, but something that had happened 200 years ago …
Besides Liu Yu who had reached the second row, no one else had ever reached the third row. But, according to general speculations, anyone who reached the third row would be able to obtain a position as the leader of a Holy Land!
Of course, talent wasn't everything. It was only an estimate of a martial artist's future achievements. A martial artist's growth wasn't something that could be accomplished with talent alone. They also needed destiny and space to grow. Only then could they become a character that could shake a region!
Every time one jumped up a step, there was a massive gap between them, a massive chasm. But, Xia Shuang was still so confident. It could be imagined just how much confidence she had in Luo Zheng. This sort of confidence could even be said to be blind.
However, Luo Zheng didn't just give Xia Shuang this feeling. He gave other martial artists and even creatures from other races the same feeling.
Even Starlight, who was extremely jealous of Luo Zheng, still believed in Xia Shuang's words. Luo Zheng wouldn't stop at the fourth level.
Lord Jing nodded. He had come down from the upper level today for Luo Zheng. No matter what results Luo Zheng achieved, he had to report them as soon as possible.
In the room, the fluctuations from the space cracks slowly subsided. Luo Zheng's surroundings were once again immersed in darkness.
"Is it over?" Luo Zheng wasn't clear about the situation outside, and he wasn't clear about the entire process of the talent assessment. Thus, he wasn't sure whether or not the talent assessment had ended.
However, this darkness only lasted for a moment. Then, a soft light bloomed around Luo Zheng once again. It was clear that a new round of the assessment was about to begin.
In this space, no one could answer him. He could only slowly fumble around and calmly respond.
When those soft lights appeared, Luo Zheng suddenly felt an irresistible force pressing down on his body!
"What's the meaning of this?"
This force didn't come from a specific direction. Instead, it was constantly pressing down on Luo Zheng from all directions. His body was even lifted into the air by this force!
"What a powerful force!"
Luo Zheng tried to struggle, but he simply couldn't get rid of the strength of this force. After he couldn't get rid of it with his pure physical strength, Luo Zheng tried to mobilize the vital essence in his body to erupt. However, just as Luo Zheng's vital essence began to revolve, it instantly disappeared without a trace!
"What's going on?"
A trace of panic appeared on Luo Zheng's face.
As the saying goes, one shouldn't be afraid of grasping empty air, but one should be afraid of stepping on empty air. Luo Zheng didn't fear the strength of his opponent, but he was afraid of losing his own strength!
In a situation where his vital essence failed to revolve, Luo Zheng decisively began to revolve his vital essence. Although vital essence wasn't as explosive as vital essence, it had the advantage of being long-lasting.
Just as he revolved his vital essence, Luo Zheng's complexion suddenly changed. It was useless!
"This …" Luo Zheng's complexion changed dramatically.
"Dragon Scale Power!"
It was still useless …
Apart from Luo Zheng's physical strength, Luo Zheng simply couldn't use any other power.
This was going to be troublesome.
Was it just to test the strength and strength of my physical body that he had concealed all of his power? Luo Zheng frowned as he thought.
Fortunately, Luo Zheng was relieved that this Talent Stele couldn't be controlled by the Demon Race. Even if the Demon Race had monopolized the Tower of Sin, they weren't the masters of the Tower of Sin! In the lower realms, there probably wasn't any creature that could control this huge tower!
After all, this was just a talent test. Although the pressure on his body was increasing little by little, the purpose of this pressure wasn't to crush him, but to test Luo Zheng's physical body.
Just as Luo Zheng was guessing, the pressure was getting stronger and stronger!
Under this pressure, even if an iron ball was thrown in, it would probably be crushed into a metal pancake.
However, the strength of Luo Zheng's physical body was far stronger than ordinary steel. As a high-grade immortal tool, the toughness of his physical body had probably exceeded the limits of the human body, and his bones were many times stronger than ordinary metal. Wanting to crush Luo Zheng wouldn't be an easy task.
Luo Zheng was constantly bearing the heavy pressure, and his bones burst out with 'ka ka ka' sounds. The gaps between his bones were constantly being compressed, and the friction between them produced this sound.
Under this heavy pressure, this force was approaching Luo Zheng's limit step by step!
"I'm afraid … it's not possible. This force is too terrifying. I'm afraid that even an ordinary war senior wouldn't be able to erupt with such a powerful force!"
If it continued to press down, Luo Zheng's physical body would probably collapse. At this moment, that soft light quietly dispersed, and Luo Zheng fell heavily to the ground with a 'pa' sound.

Chapter 579
Liu Yu had created a miracle on the Sea God Continent. Everyone knew of this.
But, no one envied him.
The reason was simple. This was because they didn't even have the qualifications to envy him.
Let alone creating this miracle, the first step was to place one's name next to Liu Yu's! Since ancient times, how many people had entered the Tower of Sin? There were even more people that had entered the Tower of Sin's tenth floor to take the test of the Talent Tablet!
But, there wasn't a single life form that had the qualifications to place their name next to Liu Yu's.
On this wall, starting from the first four rows, there were already lofty existences!
This was because those on the fourth row were destined to become Divine Sea powerhouses, becoming peak existences on the Sea God Continent.
As for those on the second row, they were destined to create a new era.
History was destined to remember this day. At this moment, two people's names stood on the second row. Moreover, these two people both came from the human race!
Yun Luo didn't need to be mentioned for now. To the Purple Heart Holy Lands, to the Tower of Sin, and to the numerous life forms of the Sea God Continent, her origins were an unfathomable mystery. When her name jumped to the first row, many life forms could only sigh in their hearts. But, none of them were jealous!
After all, Yun Luo hadn't been promoted for so many years. Even if she wanted to help the Purple Heart Holy Lands, she couldn't do so. At most, she could gift them some Light of Good Fortune. Although this was a great help to the tenth floor's battle generals, compared to Yun Luo's outstanding talent …
As for the demon race and other races, they hoped that she would obediently stay on the tenth floor and continue doing this boring task.
This was because once Yun Luo chose to promote and obtained a seat, her cultivation would make a breakthrough. The consequences would be hard to imagine. With her talent in the first row, her future achievements would be even greater than Liu Yu's. Perhaps humanity would rise up because of this!
But right after Yun Luo, Luo Zheng jumped to the second row.
Luo Zheng was very different from Yun Luo. Although his origins were strange, he had a strong motivation to climb up!
Other than Moon Guardian, the other demon battle generals all had the same thought when they saw this scene. No matter what price they had to pay, they had to kill him. The demon race was even willing to give up ten seats, or even exchange them with the human race. It was fine even if they gave these seats to the human race!
But, Luo Zheng had to die!
They didn't want to see another Liu Yu.
In the past, the human race had been looked down upon, mocked, and disdained by them. At this moment, the number one race on the Sea God Continent was incomparably fearful!
Xia Shuang covered her mouth and laughed again. Her hunch was right! Luo Zheng … was definitely not an ordinary genius!
Lord Jing's gaze was profound. His hands hung naturally by his sides, but they were already clenched into fists, trembling slightly …
Even though Lord Jing's temperament was exceptionally steady, at this moment, he could not suppress the excitement in his heart. After a long while, he muttered in a low voice, "Luo Zheng, you really did not disappoint us!"
As for the others, creatures from other races, their expressions were all different, extremely rich!
For some races, the rise and fall of the human race didn't mean much to them. In any case, their race didn't have any enmity with the human race, but their relationship with the human race wasn't good either.
However, the people from the Yao Night Clan and the Demon Race were naturally deeply fearful. For them, this was not good news.
The resources on the Sea God Continent were barren. When a race rose, it would inevitably invade another race's space. As the saying goes, those who are not of the same race will have different intentions. Between races, there was always a "zero-sum game" between races!
In other words, if you don't die, then I die.
Moon Guardian quietly looked at Luo Zheng's name. At this moment, he was extremely silent. The changes in his heart were also very intense.
Perhaps …
The elders' decision was right.
Their foresight was ultimately more far-sighted than his. Luo Zheng was indeed someone that the Demon Race wanted to eliminate at all costs!
Moon Guardian had a bad premonition in his heart. Perhaps because of Luo Zheng's appearance, the Demon Race, which had flourished for a long time, would decline because of this.
Moon Guardian was very proud. He was willing to stand in the arena and defeat Luo Lie fair and square. However, this did not mean that he would watch a terrifying opponent grow and affect the fate of his race!
After all, he was a member of the Demon Race. From the perspective of his race, a strong sense of crisis arose in his heart. Because of this, he was afraid.
"I still have a chance," Moon Guardian said coldly in his heart. "After you walk onto the arena, I will do my best to eliminate you. Even if it means risking my life!"
However, just as everyone was staring blankly at Luo Zheng's name in the second row, Luo Zheng's name disappeared again …
Then, the two shining golden words "Luo Zheng" appeared in the first row, pushing Yun Luo's name one place behind.
As for the five names in the first row, "Yun Mianxin", "Gu Heche", "Ya", and "Yun Mianxin", they were also pushed one place behind …
The two words "Luo Zheng" in the first row were especially dazzling!
"Heavens … Luo Zheng's name is in first place!"
"What kind of f * cking talent is needed to be in first place?"
"Like Luo Zheng's talent!"
"Nonsense, what level is Luo Zheng's talent at? Tell me! God-level talent is only in the fourth row. What kind of talent is in the first row? How do you describe it? "
When it came to talent, there was indeed no quantitative indicator. It could only be compared.
Yun Mianxin, Gu Heche, and Ya were names that the creatures on the Sea God Continent didn't recognize at all. They could only imagine them as god-like existences.
But in one day, two people stood together with these names. Luo Zheng, Yun Luo!
Who still dared to mock the Human Race as a useless race? A cowardly race?
At this moment, all the creatures on the tenth level were in an uproar. Regardless of whether the Human Race would rise up because of this, at least from now on, no other race would dare to mock the Human Race as weak. Because once they did, the two names on the list would immediately retaliate strongly!
If your race is so capable, why don't you give birth to a genius and try leaving your name in the first row?
At this moment, more and more creatures gathered to watch.
Even the battles that had been going on day and night in the arena had stopped.
Demon Race, Yao Night Race, Beastmen Race, Giant Race, Night Race … there were all kinds of races, all kinds of faces. The many creatures watching were also discussing spiritedly. Most of them felt that Luo Zheng would rise up, and so would the Human Race. However, there were also some creatures that didn't think so.
"If Luo Zheng grows up, it's very likely that he'll help the Purple Heart Holy Land become one of the three great races on the Sea God Continent!"
"Childish, I don't think so. The Demon Race won't let Luo Zheng grow up. Once they can't kill Luo Zheng in the arena, those War Reverends above will probably ignore the rules and do their best to kill Luo Zheng!"
"Actually, with such talent, Luo Zheng shouldn't have entered the Talent Monument. If his talent was only in the fifth row, the fourth row would still be fine. After all, it wouldn't cause the Demon Race to be afraid. But now, isn't this clearly telling the Demon Race about his talent? How could the Demon Race sit idly by and do nothing? "
"I also think so. Liu Yu has taught the Demon Race a lesson in blood. Even now, the Demon Race is regretting that they didn't try their best to kill Liu Yu. Now that the Demon Race has learned their lesson, they definitely won't let him go. Even if they have to break the rules, they will kill Luo Zheng!"
"Moreover, the Yao Night Clan won't sit idly by. Luo Zheng's rise isn't good for the Yao Night Clan at all!"
The discussions of the many races spread into the ears of Xia Shuang and the other humans. Xia Shuang and Lord Jing's complexions turned ugly.
They weren't wrong. It was impossible for the Demon Race to remain indifferent to this matter. The greatest possibility was that they would break the rules of the Tower of Sin and send War Reverends to kill Luo Zheng!
Within the Purple Heart Holy Lands, the human race had Divine Sea Supreme Elders guarding them. But, let alone a Divine Sea powerhouse, even a battle Saint level powerhouse was unable to enter the Tower of Sin. They were too far away, and within the Tower of Sin, the human race only had four seats at the top!
How could these four seat controllers resist more than twenty seat controllers of the Demon Race?
To the Demon Race, this wasn't good news at all!
Outside, a storm was brewing. Inside the room, Luo Zheng didn't notice it at all. Luo Zheng had completed the final test. The light around him gradually faded away.
In front of Luo Zheng, a pair of eyes suddenly appeared.
＝＝＝＝＝

Chapter 580
Luo Zheng more or less understood how this Innate Talent Stele tested one's innate talent.
The first test tested a martial artist's comprehension of the Laws, while the second test tested one's physical strength, but it also tested one's innate talent through immense pressure!
As for what mysterious methods were involved, Luo Zheng wasn't clear. Purely in terms of innate talent, Luo Zheng wouldn't lose to anyone!
Luo Zheng's body was already different from an ordinary person's. Not to mention a martial artist who cultivated true essence, even a Body Refiner couldn't compare with him. Once Luo Zheng's body broke through to the Sacred Tool realm, or even higher, it would be even more terrifying. His potential would be close to limitless!
Besides the physical body, the third test tested one's soul. Luo Zheng also passed this test!
After the three innate talent tests were completed, it was reasonable to say that this test should have ended.
But the door on the wall didn't open, and the surrounding space was still dark. It seemed like there was something else to test?
"What else will they test? They won't give me a cultivation method to cultivate, right? "
Although this idea was absurd, it was still a test method. With the Sin Tower's ability, the cultivation method it gave out wouldn't be simple. Luo Zheng was very willing, but it was just his imagination running wild.
Just as his imagination was running wild, a pair of eyes suddenly appeared in the dark space in front of Luo Zheng.
The world was vast, and there were many kinds of creatures with different forms. But as long as they were normal creatures, they all had one thing in common: eyes.
A True Dragon had eyes, a Blue Luan had eyes, and humans also had eyes. This was a special characteristic of all creatures!
So when several rays of light appeared in front of him and formed a pair of eyes, Luo Zheng was slightly stunned. At the same time, he asked, "Who are you?"
Another light spot appeared in the darkness. This light spot gently waved, and finally formed a pair of mouths. Then, a distant and ancient voice sounded, "Human, I am the artifact spirit of this Sin Tower!"
"Artifact spirit!" Luo Zheng's eyes flashed.
"Yes!" The melodious voice murmured, "As the artifact spirit, I have already existed in this tower for a million years …"
"A million years!" Luo Zheng was shocked.
In the Central Domain, ancient overlords were already considered freakish existences. As for ancient overlords … no one had been born since ancient times, because only immortals had such a long lifespan.
Even Immortal Tian Miao only had a lifespan of several tens of thousands of years. Yet, this Artifact Spirit was able to exist in the Tower of Sin for a million years. Just this point alone made Luo Zheng shudder in fear!
After a million years, even a Sacred Artifact would have turned into a pile of ash. However, this Artifact Spirit had existed for so long. In other words, the Tower of Sin had existed for at least a million years.
"There's no need to be so surprised. Us Heavenly Soul clansmen exist in a different form from you …" That voice indifferently said. "We don't have a physical body. We're almost like sentient beings. Naturally, we won't age. As long as this Tower of Sin doesn't collapse, I won't die."
So that was the case. The world was vast and full of wonders. It was hard for Luo Zheng, who had only lived for a dozen years, to imagine that the Heavenly Soul Race had such a long lifespan.
As long as a physical body existed, it would require a constant supply of energy to maintain the body's metabolism. Even if immortals didn't need to eat, they still needed to consume other forms of energy.
However, since the Heavenly Soul Race didn't have a physical body, their lifespan was countless times longer than that of humans.
As for the Artifact Spirit, according to Luo Zheng's understanding, it should be an existence similar to Luo Zheng's Sword Spirit, Yao Ye. However, Yao Ye was only attached to Luo Zheng's body, while this Artifact Spirit was attached to the Tower of Sin.
"You, what's the matter?" Luo Zheng asked.
The Artifact Spirit was silent for a moment. Then, it said, "Your talent is the best in the past million years."
Hearing the Artifact Spirit's evaluation, the corners of Luo Zheng's mouth curled up slightly. He didn't interrupt the Artifact Spirit and allowed it to continue.
"According to the rules of the Innate Talent Stele, you've passed three tests. These three tests didn't measure your limit. Therefore, I want to ask you, are you willing to take the next test?" The Artifact Spirit asked.
"There's another test?" Luo Zheng's eyes flashed.
The Artifact Spirit said, "That's right. This test has never been used before. You … are the first person to take the test."
"Are there any benefits?" Luo Zheng asked with a smile.
"According to the master's idea, this tower is a trial tower for his race to increase their strength. Every living being that passes the Innate Talent Stele's test will receive a certain amount of benefits." The Artifact Spirit said indifferently, "If you can pass the test, there will definitely be benefits. Furthermore, the benefits will be much greater than other living beings."
Previously, Luo Zheng had heard Xia Shuang mention that the Innate Talent Stele was very mysterious. After passing the test, the Innate Talent Stele would even increase the tester's talent!
Since it could even increase one's talent, Luo Zheng was naturally very interested in the Innate Talent Stele.
However, when Luo Zheng heard the Artifact Spirit's words, his interest was naturally even greater!
"I agree!" Luo Zheng didn't think much and immediately said, "However, I still have a question."
"Young man, you can ask your question," the Artifact Spirit said.
"What race is the master of this Tower of Sin?" Luo Zheng asked curiously.
Luo Zheng had always been very interested in the origin of the Tower of Sin. After all, Luo Zheng had rushed over from the Central Domain. His most important goal was to obtain the inheritance at the bottom of the Tower of Sin. However, other than giving him a token, Immortal Heaven Mist didn't reveal much information to Luo Zheng.
Thus, Luo Zheng could only ask around himself.
However, the races of the Sea God Continent didn't know much more than Luo Zheng. They didn't know how the Cursed Land appeared, and they didn't know where the Tower of Sin came from!
After Luo Zheng asked this question, the Artifact Spirit hesitated for a moment before slowly saying, "Master didn't forbid me from answering this question. I can tell you that they are from the Demi-Immortal Race."
"Demi-Immortal Race?" Luo Zheng asked curiously.
"Yes, Master's race is from the Demi-Immortal Race," the Artifact Spirit repeated.
"What race is that? Are they from the Human Race? "Luo Zheng asked.
"No, the Demi-Immortal Race is a very powerful race. They can't be considered a Human Race. I can't give you any more answers …" the Artifact Spirit said indifferently.
Luo Zheng secretly rolled his eyes. He had asked this question in vain. The Artifact Spirit didn't seem to be able to give him any answers. He only knew about the Demi-Immortal Race. As for the answers … he would have to find them himself in the future. Perhaps after he obtained the inheritance at the bottom of the Tower of Sin, he would be able to figure it all out.
"I have answered your question. Now, the ultimate test begins. Young man, I hope you can pass!"
After the Artifact Spirit's voice slowly faded, the surrounding light began to change. At this time, Luo Zheng suddenly felt the ground beneath his feet become empty, as if he had sunk into the starry sky!
Mysterious patterns constantly appeared around Luo Zheng. These patterns were very abstract, and each one was different. The aura emitted from these patterns made Luo Zheng feel a great sense of reverence.
This feeling of reverence seemed to come from the instincts of life!
"What are these patterns?" Luo Zheng looked at the patterns suspiciously. "Is this the ultimate test? Then what is it testing me for? "
While Luo Zheng was puzzled, the first pattern rapidly approached Luo Zheng. This feeling was similar to when Luo Zheng cultivated the "Starry Battle Body" and his consciousness slowly approached a star.
However, Luo Zheng didn't move. Instead, the pattern pressed down on Luo Zheng's head!
As the pattern slowly approached, Luo Zheng felt infinitely small. Facing this pattern, he was like a grain of sand!
"This feeling is very uncomfortable!"
Luo Zheng frowned. The aura in his body suddenly erupted and collided with the pattern.
"Rumble …"
With a flash of white light, a person appeared in front of Luo Zheng. This person was wearing a Daoist robe. His appearance couldn't be seen clearly, and he held a jade dagger in his hand.
At the same time, the Artifact Spirit's voice sounded again. "This is the Undead Mark, the Undead Mark left behind by this powerhouse after he died."
"And then?" Luo Zheng raised his eyebrows and asked.
"Defeat him," the Artifact Spirit answered briefly.
"How is his strength?" Luo Zheng asked.
"His strength when he was alive was about the same as a human powerhouse of the Divine Sea Realm," the Artifact Spirit answered.

Chapter 581
Divine Sea Realm warriors could only be born in Holy Lands and Divine Kingdoms.
No Divine Sea Realm warrior had ever been born in the entire Central Domain, because once a sect had a Divine Sea Realm warrior, the sect would be qualified to establish a Holy Land. If an independent warrior broke through to the Divine Sea Realm, he would be qualified to establish his own Divine Kingdom!
Of course, Divine Kingdoms and Holy Lands still needed endless time to accumulate resources. A Divine Sea Realm warrior was already qualified to be called an emperor.
Luo Zheng was a tenth-order warrior. Above him was the General Realm, then the War Revered Realm, then the War Saint Realm, and then the Divine Sea Realm. Luo Zheng was no match for a Divine Sea Realm warrior!
A Divine Sea Realm warrior truly had the strength to create a new world. They could also choose to ascend and follow the rules of heaven and earth to ascend to the upper world! For such a person to kill Luo Zheng with only one hand was overestimating Luo Zheng. They could take Luo Zheng's life with just one finger!
Was this ultimate test really that difficult?
"Don't be nervous. These soul marks … are just the memories of the dead. They will suppress their cultivation to the same level as yours and fight with you." The spirit's faint voice floated over.
"I see!"
It was unreasonable to set up a powerful warrior of the Spirit Sea Realm to test the potential of a warrior. Luo Zheng would be killed before he could even touch the sleeves of the warrior.
However, even if they suppressed their cultivation to the same level as Luo Zheng, Luo Zheng's chances of winning were still very low.
A Divine Sea Realm warrior, whether it was combat experience, comprehension of laws, or control of True Essence and Vital Spirit, was far from what Luo Zheng could compare with.
Even if they suppressed their cultivation to the tenth-order warrior and started on the same starting line as Luo Zheng, they would still be able to easily defeat an ordinary War Revered …
Luo Zheng's chances of winning were still not high!
Although the chances of winning were not high, there was still a chance to fight.
Without thinking too much, Luo Zheng took out a long sword from his Sumeru Ring. His figure flashed, turning into a thin line, and suddenly rushed towards that person.
The jade sword in the Daoist's hand gently moved horizontally. With a "ding" sound, it easily blocked Luo Zheng's first strike. There was a faint smile on his face!
Luo Zheng didn't stop at all. Since his first slash failed, he immediately followed it up with a flick of his wrist. He wanted to flick the jade sword away from his opponent's hand.
However, the jade sword in the Taoist priest's hand seemed to be a living thing. It followed Luo Zheng's sword and swayed gently like a shadow. It was still firmly sealed in front of him.
"What a tight defense! What an exquisite sword art!" Luo Zheng praised.
When Luo Zheng had comprehended the Dao of Simplicity, he had never been at a disadvantage in terms of sword moves! Up until now, no one had been able to break through it in a pure contest of sword moves.
However, the Daoist in front of him had easily sealed his sword technique!
What surprised Luo Zheng was that although this Taoist was just a mark after death, he seemed to still have emotions. There was even a hint of mockery on his face.
"Break for me!"
At this moment, Luo Zheng displayed the Basic Sword Art to the extreme. Swift and fierce sword moves chaotically attacked the Taoist priest in front of him one after another.
However, the light jade sword in the Taoist priest's hand was like a tightly closed door. It firmly sealed all of Luo Zheng's sword moves outside. It was watertight.
"Ding ding ding ding ding …"
Within a few breaths of time, Luo Zheng had stabbed over a hundred times. However, the Taoist priest had only used one sword move back and forth!
He couldn't break through his sword move …
Luo Zheng's brows furrowed more and more. He increasingly felt that his sword technique had some fatal flaws.
The Dao of Simplicity was indeed powerful. Every move was simplified to the extreme. However, at the end of the extreme, there was a lack of flexibility.
Moves were originally created by people. Even though the Basic Sword Art was the foundation of all sword arts, there was still the possibility of flexibility.
It seemed that he was still too rigidly adhering to the sword moves …
His Basic Sword Art wasn't the extreme of simplification. There should be another level behind the extreme!
The Dao of Simplicity was comprehended by the heavens!
After simplifying to the extreme, the sword moves had already lost their meaning.
Luo Zheng retreated a few steps, keeping a certain distance from the Taoist priest. Looking at the faint mocking expression on the Taoist priest's face, Luo Zheng's eyes became brighter and brighter. It was as if two stars were inlaid in his eye sockets.
"Comprehension …"
Luo Zheng felt his breathing suddenly quicken. A carefree feeling of comprehension hovered in his mind!
After Luo Zheng simplified the Basic Sword Art, it hadn't changed. However, Luo Zheng felt that his comprehension of the sword moves was slowly approaching a limit. There was another thin layer in his mind that prevented him from comprehending further!
However, at this moment, that layer of barrier was finally penetrated by Luo Zheng!
"The extreme of simplification is nothingness. In other words, no move is better than a move!"
"Let's see how you're going to take this sword move!"
"Formless!
The so-called formless means that there are no moves. This move originally didn't have a name, but Luo Zheng still gave it a name.
His sword was crooked and looked like a random sword move by a child who didn't understand the sword art. However, it was this crooked sword that made the mocking expression on the Taoist priest's face disappear. It was replaced by a dignified expression.
"Ding!"
The Taoist priest's jade sword once again blocked Luo Zheng's long sword.
However, Luo Zheng's long sword casually followed up with a stab. It directly broke through the Taoist priest's defense and went straight for the Taoist priest's vital point.
In order to avoid Luo Zheng's move, the Taoist priest finally retreated.
From the beginning, the Taoist priest hadn't retreated a single step. It seemed that Luo Zheng's sword moves weren't worth him retreating. However, facing Luo Zheng's "Formless", the Taoist priest had no choice but to retreat because he simply couldn't avoid this sword move.
"I can't dodge it!"
Luo Zheng had already seized the opportunity. How could he let it go? The long sword was still crooked and stabbed at the Taoist priest from an extremely strange angle.
The Taoist priest once again used his jade sword to block Luo Zheng's attack. However, Luo Zheng followed up with a wave of his sword and broke the Taoist priest's jade sword!
A jade sword and an iron sword constantly crisscrossed. The Taoist priest was already retreating step by step. He was completely unable to block Luo Zheng's attack.
After the Taoist priest retreated to a certain point, the jade sword suddenly twisted towards Luo Zheng. A soul-stirring power of law burst out from the jade sword. Swift and fierce thunderbolts burst out from the jade sword and shot towards Luo Zheng's head!
The power contained in this thunderbolt made Luo Zheng's heart beat wildly. The power of the law of thunder contained in it might have already reached the third level of the law of thunder!
If Luo Zheng's guess was correct, this Taoist priest came from the Upper Realm. With his Divine Sea Realm cultivation, it was natural for him to comprehend the third level of the law of thunder.
Fortunately, this Taoist priest suppressed his cultivation to the level of a tenth-order fighter, which was the same as Luo Zheng's cultivation. Otherwise, Luo Zheng would have been instantly killed by this thunderbolt. However, after suppressing his cultivation, Luo Zheng didn't show the slightest trace of fear!
"I'll break your sword once more!"
Luo Zheng's iron sword danced in the air in a strange line. There were no rules, nor were there any restrictions. However, just as his sword was crooked, it strangely bypassed the Taoist priest's sword and instantly pierced through the Taoist priest's heart!
"Pop …"
The moment the Taoist priest's heart was pierced, his entire body turned into fragments and dissipated in front of Luo Zheng.
"Did I win?"
After the fragments dissipated, another pattern continued to head towards Luo Zheng's head!
"The test isn't over yet …"
However, after defeating the first Taoist priest, Luo Zheng's confidence greatly increased. Even if a Divine Sea Realm powerhouse suppressed his cultivation to the same level as him, he might not be his opponent!
Luo Zheng was undergoing the ultimate test inside the Talent Stele, but the people outside were becoming more and more strange!
It took too long.
The longest test in the Talent Stele was only two hours. Just now, it took less than an hour for Yun Luo's name to climb to the first place.
However, three hours had already passed, and Luo Zheng didn't have the slightest intention of coming out!
"What's going on? What happened to Luo Zheng in the Talent Stele? "
"Could it be that an accident happened?"
"Three hours … why is it taking so long?"
A trace of worry flashed across Xia Shuang's face. Could it be that Luo Zheng really encountered an accident in the Talent Stele?

Chapter 582
Lord Jing's greatest worry was the Demon Race.
Luo Zheng had just entered the Tower of Sin, but he had already incurred the wrath of the Demon Race. If Luo Zheng's performance hadn't been so outstanding, the Demon Race might have let Luo Zheng go.
At the very least, they wouldn't break the rules of the Tower of Sin just to kill Luo Zheng.
Although the Demon Race had many seats, they only occupied less than a quarter of the hundred plus seats at the top of the Tower of Sin. Breaking the rules of the Tower of Sin required a considerable price.
But it was different now.
Liu Yu had led the Night Demon Clan to rise rapidly. The Demon Race couldn't just sit and watch as Luo Zheng led the Human Race to rise!
Moreover, Luo Zheng's talent had already surpassed Liu Yu's, and he stood in the first row. Once such a person matured, he might be able to wipe out the two Holy Lands of the Demon Race from the Sea God Continent!
This wasn't a joke. Every race had a strong sense of danger. Although the Demon Race was powerful, they were no exception. When faced with such a threat, they wouldn't care about the rules or the safety zone. They had to kill Luo Zheng even if they had to offend all the other races!
The Demon Race's War Reverends weren't the only ones who had entered the 10th floor. The Night Demon Clan's War Reverends were also increasing in number!
Right at this moment, a burst of hearty laughter suddenly rang out from nearby, following which a tremendous sense of pressure swept over. All of the living beings who had been staring at the names on the wall all turned their heads away.
Another War Reverend from the Demon Race was walking over. A tenth rank War Reverend!
Lord Jing, Xia Shuang, and the others' hearts trembled. "Seat controller! Meng Chong! "
The Sea God Continent used two methods to determine the strength of a race. The first was the experts of the various Holy Lands. The second was the seats in the Tower of Sin!
The Demon Race had the most seats. Those who could become seat controllers were usually tenth rank War Reverends.
And this demon called Meng Chong in front of him was a seat controller!
Surrounded by a group of War Reverends from the Demon Race, Meng Chong walked over with large strides. The aura he emitted was ferocious and domineering. The other races all made way for him.
At the sight of Meng Chong, Yue Shou and the other demon battle generals also raised their fists towards Meng Chong and placed them on their chests. That was the special etiquette of demons.
Meng Chong's bell-like eyes stared at the wall. When he saw the two words' Luo Zheng 'floating high in the first row, he sneered, "This Luo Zheng's talent is actually so terrifying. He must die. When he walks out of the Talent Stele, I'll take his life!"
As soon as these words were spoken, the surrounding creatures immediately quieted down. The seat controller was the one who made the rules of the Tower of Sin. Of course, it was impossible for him to not know that this was a safe zone. This meant that the higher-ups of the Demon Race had reached an agreement to kill Luo Zheng at all costs.
Xia Shuang's expression changed drastically. She bit her lip with her pearly white teeth and her eyes were filled with anxiety!
Lord Jing's expression became even more unnatural. After thinking for a while, he suddenly said, "Lord Meng Chong, if the demons do this, I'm afraid it's against the rules, right?"
Meng Chong glared at Lord Jing and sneered: "Who do you think you are? What qualifications do you have to speak to me? "
Although Lord Jing was one of the top powerhouses of the Human Race in the Tower of Sin, he wasn't the seat controller of the Human Race. He indeed wasn't qualified!
Lord Jing's expression changed. In the end, he chose to shut his mouth.
The surrounding creatures were whispering to each other.
"Sigh, Luo Zheng is dead for sure."
"It wasn't easy for the Human Race to produce such a monstrous genius, but he's going to be killed by the Demon Race. What a pity, what a pity …"
"There's no other way. If I were the Demon Race, I would do the same. Who would let such a threat grow?"
In the midst of this discussion, a voice faintly floated out.
"Lord Meng Chong, your words are a bit too overbearing. The rules of the Tower of Sin, does the Demon Race really not need to abide by them?"
When that voice fell, a cold gust of wind blew over. Everyone suddenly realized that there was a white shadow not far away. The blurry shadow kept flashing. Everyone rubbed their eyes and saw that it was a white-clothed war elder of the Human Clan! Moreover, it was a War Reverend of the Tenth Step!
Today, the tenth floor of the Tower of Sin was really too lively.
After seeing that person, Lord Jing, Xia Shuang, Xing Hui and the rest went up and bowed.
Meng Chong glared at that person and sneered: "Zhao Fenqin? What? You came out alone today? Where's Zhou Zhuohe? Don't the two of you always appear together? "
The Human Race had four seats at the top of the tower. Two of them were called Zhao Fenqin and Zhou Zhuohe!
The two of them were proficient in using swords. When the two of them combined their swords, they could even fight against a War Reverend!
"Aren't I here now?" A neither yin nor yang voice floated out from another direction. That person was wearing black clothes. If he didn't speak and just stood there quietly, he would naturally blend into the shadows.
Burn Qin and Burn Crane. After the two seat controllers of the Human Race, one black and one white, appeared, Lord Jing, Xia Shuang and the rest's confidence slightly increased.
However, they also knew that the situation was still not optimistic.
In the Tower of Sin, the Human Race had no way to fight against the Devil Race. For example, the Human Race only had four seat controllers and the Devil Race had more than twenty. How could they compete? The Devil Race didn't send so many seat controllers because they felt that Meng Chong alone was enough to deal with them!
Only the weak side would use all their trump cards in one go. The Devil Race obviously didn't need to do so.
Zhao Fenqin walked over and his gaze fell on Luo Zheng's name. His face revealed a satisfied expression. Then, he looked at the Devil Race indifferently and said coldly: "Meng Chong, you can't touch this person! The rules that we set together are not allowed to be trampled by the Devil Race as you wish! If you can break the rules as you wish, wouldn't the super genius of any race be obliterated by the Devil Race? "
Zhao Fenqin's words made the other races deeply agree.
No race was willing to submit to the Devil Race. Many races sent their people into the Tower of Sin to cultivate. Wasn't it because they hoped that a few genius powerhouses would be born that could reverse the situation of the entire race?
Today, a super genius of the Human Race was obliterated by the Devil Race. Then, tomorrow, a super genius of another race would be obliterated by the Devil Race as well!
Therefore, Zhao Fenqin's words were very clever. He dragged the other races down with him from the start.
When the other races heard this, they also deeply agreed.
"Yes, the Devil Race's actions are really against the rules!"
"They can defeat Luo Zheng in the arena, but killing Luo Zheng in the safe zone is too much. In the end, the Tower of Sin is everyone's Tower of Sin, not the Devil Race's Tower of Sin!"
"The Devil Race is used to being tyrannical. However, if they really kill Luo Zheng, the other races should think carefully about whether or not there's a need to start a sect war and flatten the Twin Devil Holy Lands!"
The Twin Devil Holy Lands were referring to the Flame Devil Holy Lands and the Fear Devil Holy Lands.
The other races in the Tower of Sin were indeed no match for the Devil Race. However, if the other races joined forces, and Liu Yu of the Demon Night Clan, flattening the Twin Devil Holy Lands wasn't impossible!
This was also the reason why the Devil Race gave up more than half of the seats in the Tower of Sin!
Meng Chong coldly snorted and looked around at the other races. A cold smile appeared on his face, "Rules? Haha, rules have always been made by the strong. Our Devil Race intends to temporarily abolish the rules of the safe zone. What do you think? "
"Aren't these words a bit unreasonable?"
As soon as Meng Chong's voice fell, a tall figure appeared.
From beginning to end, Meng Chong didn't have the slightest scruple. Even when facing Zhao Fenqin and Zhou Zhuohe, he didn't have the slightest scruple. The four seat holders of the Human Race's seats were only a small inconvenience to the Devil Race!
However, when he heard this voice, Meng Chong's face revealed a trace of fear. His voice was gloomy as he said, "What? Your Demon Night Clan intends to interfere? "
Whether it was in the Tower of Sin or on the Sea God's Continent, only the Demon Night Clan could stand up to the Devil Race. If the Demon Night Clan wanted to interfere, the situation would become very troublesome!
This was why Meng Chong was afraid.
＝＝＝＝＝

Chapter 583
That tall and slender figure slowly walked over, followed by several generals of the Yao Night Clan.
The Yao Ye Clan had more females than males. This perfect clan was almost entirely dominated by females!
Seeing the figure slowly approaching, many males of other clans couldn't help but swallow their saliva with greed in their eyes.
However, when the woman of the Yao Ye Clan glanced at them, they immediately felt a burning sensation in their eyes, as if they were being burned by a flame!
"Ah! My eyes! "
"It hurts, I can't see!"
"Did I go blind?"
Many creatures covered their eyes and screamed.
"Who told you to look blindly! Not only did you look blindly, but you also had lustful thoughts, so of course you would be attacked. That is the controller of the Yao Ye Clan, Bai Huan! I heard that she is only a tenth rank warrior, but her soul has already reached the Battle Soul Realm! "
"Battle Soul Realm? My god, even some Battle Saints don't have a Battle Soul Realm soul, right? "
"You underestimate the Battle Soul Realm. Not every Divine Sea Realm warrior has a Battle Soul Realm soul. It is said that a Battle Soul Realm warrior's soul is extremely powerful. Normal soul attacks can't damage her soul at all!"
Bai Huan's steps were light, as agile as a cat. When she walked to the Talent Stele and saw the name on the wall, her eyes were filled with surprise. Even though she had received news that a tenth rank warrior from the human race had climbed to the first row, she was still shocked and in disbelief when she saw it with her own eyes.
How … could the human race give birth to such a genius? Even stronger than Liu Yu of the Yao Ye Clan?
Then, Bai Huan glanced at Zhao Fenqin and Zhou Zhuohe.
Zhao Fenqin immediately said, "Bai Huan, the rules set by the 14 clans are not going to be abolished by the Demon Race just like that! If they have the ability to kill Luo Zheng in the arena, we won't say anything, but if they kill Luo Zheng in a safe area, that's going too far! "
Zhao Fenqin knew that the human race was too weak to negotiate with the Demon Race. He could only place his hope on the Yao Ye Clan.
The Yao Ye Clan had 16 seats at the top of the pagoda, which was second only to the Devil Clan. Moreover, the members of the Yao Ye Clan were even stronger than the Devil Clan! Even if they had fewer seats than the Demon Race, they were not afraid of the Demon Race.
Meng Chong stared at Bai Huan's peerlessly beautiful face as well. The devil race didn't want the Yaowe Clan to interfere. Once the Yaowe Clan interfered, the matter would become extremely troublesome.
Bai Huan smiled faintly. That smile seemed to be able to touch one's soul. Then, he said, "Our Demon Night Clan will not interfere in this matter."
Putting aside the enmity between the Night Demon Clan and the Devil Race, the Night Demon Clan and the Devil Race actually shared the same interests in this matter. They didn't want the human race to rise up either.
The resources on the Sea God's Continent were limited. When a race rose to prominence, it had to devour the resources of other races. The Yao Night Clan had become the strongest race on the Sea God's Continent, and with Liu Yu's help, they were even stronger than the demons.
However, the Night Demon Clan's reproduction rate was far slower than that of the other clans, so their foundation wasn't as deep as the Devil Race's.
Although they didn't like the Devil Race, they didn't want the human race to rise up either …
So in Bai Huan's position, she was naturally happy for the Devil Race to make a move and kill Luo Zheng! Her Night Demon Clan could only watch from the side.
Hearing Bai Huan's words, Zhao Fenqin, Zhou Zhuohe, Lord Jing, Xia Shuang, and the other humans' expressions sank. It seemed that their worries were correct. Luo Zheng was truly too dazzling.
Meng Chong revealed a sinister smile. It seemed that today's matter wouldn't be difficult to deal with. They just had to wait for Luo Zheng to leave the Innate Stele and immediately kill him. This matter wasn't troublesome at all …
In fact, Meng Chong was somewhat regretful that he had waited until Luo Zheng reached the tenth floor before making a move. The Devil Race should have made a move long ago. At that time, he had underestimated Luo Zheng's strength. The Night Clan's assassin he had sent was too weak!
Bai Huan suddenly changed the topic and said, "However, the rules of the Tower of Sin were jointly set by our 14 clans. If the Devil Race wants to break the rules, shouldn't you give an appropriate explanation?"
Meng Chong's expression sank again. "Bai Huan, what do you mean by that?"
"Breaking the rules has a price. You Devil Race broke the rules and killed a genius of the human race. At the very least, you should compensate the human race! Otherwise, how will the Devil Race explain to the other clans? "Bai Huan said unhurriedly.
The Night Demon Clan was a clan that paid particular attention to order. The rules were set by the strong, but even the strong couldn't wantonly break the rules. Otherwise, everyone would disregard the rules and be able to do whatever they wanted in the future.
If that happened, the Tower of Sin would once again fall into chaos. Just like when the Tower of Sin was first created, the geniuses of the various clans wouldn't be able to cultivate properly. Once they entered the Tower of Sin, they would have to face all kinds of assassinations … In any case, there were no rules, and every clan could do whatever they wanted!
This wasn't something the Night Demon Clan wanted to see.
Therefore, in Bai Huan's opinion, it wasn't that the Devil Race couldn't break the rules, but they had to pay a corresponding price for breaking the rules. Otherwise, what was the point of having a seat? What was the point of setting the rules?
Meng Chong sneered at Bai Huan's words. "Compensation? That's not impossible. Our Flame Demon Holy Land and Fear Demon Holy Land will give you ten low-grade saint artifacts. As long as Luo Zheng dies, I'll fulfill this promise on behalf of the Devil Race! "
Zhou Zhuohe was instantly enraged. "Ten low-grade saint artifacts? Are you trying to get rid of a beggar?! "
Saint artifacts were precious, but they weren't particularly rare for a Holy Land. The Purple Heart Holy Land had at least twenty low-grade saint artifacts.
Compared to Luo Zheng, not to mention ten saint artifacts, even if it was a hundred saint artifacts, the human race wouldn't compromise. After all, a super genius like him was something that could only be found by chance. In the end, saint artifacts could only display their might in the hands of a powerhouse!
"Ten saint artifacts, that's all. I don't want to negotiate with the human race, do you understand?" Meng Chong sneered.
Zhao Fenqin shook his head. "In the end, you still don't take the rules of the Tower of Sin seriously. Just this bit of compensation is enough to make the human race sacrifice a super genius. As long as you have a brain, you'll understand what's going on!"
While they were arguing, the Moon Guardian suddenly interjected. "Lord Meng Chong, there's no need to argue with them. I have a solution."
Meng Chong indifferently said, "You have a solution? Speak! "
"Since the human race keeps on talking about the rules, then we'll do things within the rules. There's no need to give them ten saint artifacts as compensation. When Luo Zheng walks out of the Talent Stele, I'll directly challenge him and kill him in the arena!" The Moon Guardian said with a face full of confidence.
When the Moon Guardian said this, Meng Chong, Fen Qin, and Zhuohe all revealed expressions of interest.
Zhao Fenqin and Zhou Zhuohe, however, knew that the human race really didn't have any bargaining chips with the demon race. If Luo Zheng could survive in the arena, it would further solidify the importance of the rules. At the very least, it would help the human race gain the support of the other races.
However, Meng Chong's thoughts were completely different from theirs. In Meng Chong's opinion, the Moon Guardian was the most outstanding genius of the Twin Demon Holy Land. Moreover, the Moon Guardian's cultivation was an entire realm higher than Luo Zheng's. Luo Zheng was only a tenth-order fighter, while the Moon Guardian was a tenth-order fighter. The difference in cultivation between the two wasn't small.
If the Moon Guardian could kill Luo Zheng in the arena, then all their troubles would be easily solved. The demon race wouldn't need to break the rules, nor would they need to give the human race any compensation. They could directly eliminate the hidden danger Luo Zheng, killing two birds with one stone!
Taking a step back, even if the Moon Guardian failed, they could still ignore the rules and kill Luo Zheng. Wasn't that good?
Thinking of this, Meng Chong laughed mischievously. "Good, good, I agree with the Moon Guardian's proposal! But I don't know what you humans think? "
Zhao Fenqin and Zhou Zhuohe didn't have anything else to say. The demon race had agreed to speak in the arena, which was already a concession. Not to mention that Luo Zheng would also have to enter the arena. Although they were full of worries, they still nodded in the end.
Xia Shuang curled her lips and looked at Luo Zheng's two shining words. She faintly sighed. No one was a fool. How could Xia Shuang not see through the demon race's scheme?
Even if Luo Zheng defeated the Moon Guardian, they couldn't expect the demon race to abide by the rules. Between races, there was only hatred of life and death. There was no reason to talk about it …
"Luo Zheng shouldn't have entered the Tower of Sin. He should have entered the Purple Heart Holy Land and slowly grown. At the very least, he should have become strong enough to fight against these War Venerables of the demon race before entering the Tower of Sin … That would have been the perfect plan. Moreover, with Luo Zheng's talent, I'm afraid that he doesn't need the help of the Tower of Sin. As long as he concentrates on cultivation, he will be able to break through in the future!"
At this moment, Xia Shuang's heart was filled with resentment towards Luo Zheng.
Of course, she didn't know that Luo Zheng didn't have that much time to slowly cultivate! He needed to break through as soon as possible and become stronger as soon as possible because his sister was still in the hands of others. With each passing day, Luo Zheng's worry increased!
Therefore, Luo Zheng chose the Tower of Sin to quickly improve his cultivation. For Luo Zheng, this was also a choice that he had no choice but to make!
Moreover, any genius grew up in the midst of life and death experiences. Geniuses who grew up slowly in a greenhouse and did not experience the battering of the wind and rain. They often had a cultivation base, but their strength was terrible to look at!
Since the elders of the various races had agreed on a solution, everyone was silent and quietly waited for Luo Zheng to come out of the Talent Stele.
Although this solution wasn't perfect, it still resolved the dispute.
However, Luo Zheng had been delayed for too long. Unknowingly, four hours had passed. Why did he have to undergo such a long test? What had he encountered in the Talent Stele?
Of course, Luo Zheng didn't know that such a big dispute had occurred around him. At this moment, he was facing one Undead Mark after another in the rune.
The masters of these Undead Marks were all abnormally powerful. Although they had suppressed their cultivation base to that of a Tenth Rank fighter, Luo Zheng still found it very difficult to deal with them!
"The ninth one …"
Just a moment ago, Luo Zheng had once again cut another Undead Mark into pieces.
In order to destroy this Undead Mark, Luo Zheng had used almost all of his methods. In the end, he had to rely on the soul of a War Soul to disturb the opponent's mind and barely kill him.
"How many more tests are there?" Luo Zheng asked.
"Ten. You only need to defeat ten Undead Marks to pass the final test," the Tool Spirit's faint voice sounded.
"Ten? Then this is the last one … "Luo Zheng had also noticed that the densely packed runes were starting to disappear one by one, leaving only the rune in front of him.
Without any pause, the rune charged towards Luo Zheng once again.
After a powerful flash of light, a 'person' appeared in front of Luo Zheng.
"Who is this?" Luo Zheng revealed an astonished expression when he saw the 'person'.
Although the person before him had a nose and eyes, he gave Luo Zheng a very strange feeling. It was similar to the feeling Luo Zheng had when he first met the Sword Spirit, Yao Ye!
When Luo Zheng first saw the Sword Spirit, Yao Ye, he was stunned by Yao Ye's perfection.
No matter if it was the proportion of his legs or appearance, Yao Ye was at a perfect state. Purely from the perspective of beauty, Yao Ye was simply a perfect race. Luo Zheng could only sigh with emotion about how miraculous the Lord of Creation was when he saw the appearance of the Sword Spirit, Yao Ye!
After arriving at the Sea God's Continent, Luo Zheng realized that his knowledge was too limited. The Yao Ye Clan had always been a perfect race. Every single woman in the clan possessed a practically perfect appearance and figure, and even the men were extraordinarily handsome.
However, the Yao Ye Clan wasn't human in the end. Their pointy ears were clearly distinguishable from humans.
Yet now, the person before Luo Zheng seemed to be a genuine human male.
Ears, brows, eyes, body ….
No matter how he looked at it, he was definitely a human.
However, when Luo Zheng noticed this person, he couldn't help but sigh with admiration in his heart. He'd never imagined that such a perfect human would exist in this world!
Luo Zheng couldn't find any flaws in him. This was an absolutely perfect human. It was precisely because he was so perfect that Luo Zheng wasn't sure if he was really a human.
"Is he really a human?" Luo Zheng revealed a hesitant expression.
The Artifact Spirit said indifferently, "It's just as you suspected. He really can't be considered a human."
"Then what race is he?" asked Luo Zheng.
"He's the master of this Tower of Sin. He belongs to the Demi-Immortal Clan!" replied the Artifact Spirit.
"Demi-Immortal Clan? What kind of race is that? Why do they look so similar to humans? " Asked Luo Zheng. After all, compared to the Yao Ye Clan, the man before him had more in common with humans.
"I can't answer that question …." The Artifact Spirit skipped the question.
"Since his Undead Imprint has appeared here, then the master of the Tower of Sin is already dead?" asked Luo Zheng.
"That's right. This is the final test. You only have to defeat him to pass the final test," said the Artifact Spirit.
"I understand!"
There was no longer any doubt on Luo Zheng's face. No matter what the Demi-Immortal Clan was, he had already reached the final step of the final test. Luo Zheng was determined to pass it in one go!
This time, it wasn't Luo Zheng who took the initiative to attack.
After the human discovered Luo Zheng, he actually took the initiative to rush towards Luo Zheng!
"No fluctuation of vital essence or True Essence? He suppressed his cultivation to Tenth-Order Warrior and used his pure physical body to fight against me? " Luo Zheng's eyes flashed, and a smile suddenly appeared on his face. "In that case, let's see how much power is contained in such a perfect body!"
Luo Zheng put away his long sword and also rushed over with his physical body!
In terms of confidence in his physical body, not to mention the Sea God Continent, even in the Great Thousand Worlds, Luo Zheng had few opponents! After all, the High-Grade Immortal Artifact Body had already established the strength of Luo Zheng's physical body!
"Bang!"
Both of them didn't decline and crashed into each other in the most barbaric manner.
Under the collision, the huge recoil caused both of them to retreat. Luo Zheng's face revealed a look of surprise!
Luo Zheng didn't use the power of the dragon scales in the collision just now. Even so, not to mention a Tenth-Order Warrior, even a Tenth-Order Warrior would be crushed by Luo Zheng's collision! Even a warrior who had just entered the War Venerable Realm would be seriously injured by this collision!
However, the other party only retreated a short distance! It was even less than the distance Luo Zheng retreated!
"Sure enough, what a strong physical body. It's not any weaker than my Immortal Artifact Body!"
A puzzled look appeared on that person's face. Although he was only an undead imprint, he had still inherited the emotions of his former master. Perhaps in his opinion, it was also inconceivable that Luo Zheng's physical body was so strong.
"Again!" Luo Zheng laughed, and the power of the dragon scales in his body quickly circulated. This time, Luo Zheng opened a hundred dragon scales!
"Bang!"
There was another violent collision. This time, Luo Zheng was pushed back about ten zhang, but that person was pushed back about fifteen zhang!
"Again!"
"Bang!"
As Luo Zheng opened the power of the dragon scales bit by bit, his strength increased again and again. The distance Luo Zheng retreated also became shorter and shorter. On the contrary, the distance that person retreated also became longer and longer! Gradually, a trace of blood began to flow from the corner of his mouth.
"Golden blood?" After seeing the blood, Luo Zheng finally believed that this person was definitely not human. Otherwise, how could he have golden blood?
That person stretched out his hand to wipe the golden blood from the corner of his mouth and looked at Luo Zheng indifferently. It seemed that he finally understood that he was no match for Luo Zheng in terms of pure physical strength. After a few more collisions, his physical body would probably collapse.
That person took a stance and stretched out one hand to form a fist.
Then, a faint light began to appear around his fist, forming a vortex!
"That's astral essence. Although this person is from the Demi-Immortal race, he still chose the principle of body transformation." Luo Zheng could feel that this light came from the energy of astral essence. "Since that's the case, then I will also compete with you using a body transformation technique!"
At this moment, Luo Zheng's goal was no longer to win. What he hoped for was to make a breakthrough in this adventure and gain more insights!
"Stellar Battle Body!"
After Luo Zheng cultivated the Stellar Battle Body, he had yet to use it in actual combat. He also wanted to see just how powerful this transcendent divine might was.

Chapter 584
As a transcendent divine might, Luo Zheng comprehended the general principles and drew upon the power of the stars to pour into his body.
And in the first half of the 'Stellar Combat Body', there were a total of eight moves. According to Crimson Dragon, these eight moves corresponded to eight dao platforms.
Every time Luo Zheng constructed a dao platform, he would be able to use one move.
Now, Luo Zheng had only opened a single dao platform. As for the Hundred Meeting Platform, it corresponded to the first move of the 'Stellar Combat Body', Sinking Stars and Shaking the Earth!
If someone were to look up into the starry skies, they would see that in the distant skies, there was a star that suddenly bloomed with a fierce starlight. From afar, this starlight was the size of a speck of dust, but now it was like a pigeon's egg, its light magnified by over a hundred times.
This was the ability of the 'Stellar Combat Body', to draw upon the power of the stars for one's own use!
Luo Zheng's body was instantly covered in a faint layer of starlight.
Because Luo Zheng had only communicated with a single star, the starlight around his body was relatively dim. But in the future, once Luo Zheng communicated with more stars, the starlight around his body would gradually become thicker, and he would even look like a shining star!
The power of the stars condensed from the 'Stellar Combat Body' was fundamentally different from that of the 'Sun-Moon-Star Map'. After all, although the visualization method of the 'Sun-Moon-Star Map' was real, it still relied on visualizing stars. But, the 'Stellar Combat Body' was the true power of the stars!
Of course, one couldn't casually distinguish between the two. Although the 'Stellar Combat Body' was known as a transcendent divine might and the 'Sun-Moon-Star Map' was an inheritance from Immortal Mansion, the 'Stellar Combat Body' was a transcendent body transformation technique, and the 'Sun-Moon-Star Map' was the pinnacle of the true essence system. Thus, when these two paths came to an end, Luo Zheng wasn't able to distinguish between the good and the bad. There was still a considerable amount of room for improvement.
But at this stage, at least on the Sea God Continent, Luo Zheng still planned to focus on body transformation. Thus, he needed to test out the power of the 'Stellar Combat Body'.
When the starlight condensed around Luo Zheng, Luo Zheng suddenly rushed towards the opponent.
The realm of the original owner of the Sin Tower was not something that the current Luo Zheng could imagine. It was just like the strength of the True Dragon Clan's Dragon Abyss Palace Master, which was many levels higher than Luo Zheng's. It was impossible for him to guess their cultivation.
But no matter what kind of strength this person in front of him had, as long as he suppressed his cultivation to that of a tenth-order fighter, Luo Zheng was confident that he could defeat him!
The man's fist flickered with a faint fist aura. His Vital Spirit was like a vortex, constantly condensing. If they were not in the Void, Luo Zheng suspected that he could suck in everything in the world.
As the vortex absorbed astral essence and transformed it into fist light, the man faintly looked at Luo Zheng, a surprised look on his face. "No wonder you were able to reach this step in the final test. A mere human warrior actually has a transcendent divine might … moreover, it seems to be the transcendent divine might of Empyrean Stellar Star …"
Luo Zheng had been gathering his strength for a long time. He was prepared to use the move of the 'Stellar Combat Body', but as he heard this man's words, Luo Zheng stopped. "Empyrean Stellar Star's transcendent divine might? Who is that? "
The 'Stellar Combat Body' was not created by the Crimson Dragon. The Crimson Dragon had also mentioned it before, thus the Crimson Dragon only possessed the first half of it. He had also warned Luo Zheng that the 'Stellar Combat Body' was in fact incomplete. What Luo Zheng didn't expect was that the master of the Sin Tower would actually recognize this cultivation method of Luo Zheng's.
The man faintly smiled. "To possess a transcendent divine might at the warrior realm, your luck is quite good. As for your question, I'll leave it to you to slowly explore it. If you want to pass the final test, you must first receive my fist."
After saying that, the man gently retracted his fist, and the meridians on his fist bulged out one by one. The meridians of ordinary humans were green in color, but this man's meridians were golden in color.
"Empyrean Swallow!"
The astral essence that this man had been gathering for a long time suddenly erupted. Although his cultivation was suppressed to a tenth rank warrior, the power that erupted from him still left Luo Zheng shaken to the core!
The reason that Luo Zheng had stopped his attack was because he wanted to ask about the origin of the 'Stellar Combat Body'. But, it seemed that this man didn't plan on speaking about it. At this time, Luo Zheng didn't think too much about it. For this move, Luo Zheng would go all out.
"Sinking Stars Shaking the Earth!"
If there was a third person present, they would definitely be dumbfounded as they saw this attack.
Both of their cultivations were at the tenth rank, but the power that they erupted with far surpassed that of a general. Even a normal war lord wouldn't be able to display the explosive power of astral essence to such a degree!
Luo Zheng's astral essence constantly erupted from his body, fusing with the power of the stars and pouring into his fist. His fist flashed with a dazzling starlight, as if Luo Zheng were holding a small star in his hand and smashing it towards his opponent.
But his opponent's fist couldn't be underestimated either. Fierce astral essence erupted, forming a massive vortex. In the center of this vortex, there was a turbulent fist light.
"Shua …"
The two powerful forces blended together, and the light that blossomed was almost enough to blind people's eyes.
At this time, it was no longer a contest of fists, but a pure contest of astral essence, a contest of strength.
Luo Zheng couldn't clearly see what was happening in front of him, but he knew that what he needed to do now was to constantly move forwards and tear apart this undead mark in front of him!
The power of the stars far surpassed Luo Zheng's imagination.
Facing the fist of the original master of the Sin Tower, even if Luo Zheng were to use the Ten Thousand Fiend Karmic Wheel and erupt with all of its infernal energy, he still wouldn't be able to break through this vortex!
Luo Zheng wasn't sure whether or not his opponent had used a transcendent divine might, but even if it wasn't, it wouldn't be too far off. The strength of this vortex wasn't something that the Ten Thousand Fiend Karmic Wheel could resist.
Even so, beneath the suppression of the power of the stars, Luo Zheng's fist was unstoppable. Although the power of the stars was dim, it continued to grow and multiply, constantly being annihilated. Finally, Luo Zheng broke through the vortex and smashed his fist into his opponent's body.
This person was only an undead mark. His body was only formed from the memories of the undead mark; it wasn't his true body.
Thus, when Lin Ming's fist smashed down, his body was immediately torn to pieces. All that was left was a head that floated in the air. It faintly stared at Luo Zheng and said, "Good talent and strength. You can obtain the recognition of the Demi-Immortal Clan."
"What are the benefits of obtaining the recognition of the Demi-Immortal Clan?" Luo Zheng asked.
The person faintly smiled. "In truth, there aren't any benefits. This is your life."
"My life? What life? "Luo Zheng frowned.
The head slowly dissipated and its voice became fainter and fainter. But, Luo Zheng was still able to clearly hear its final words. "Once you reach that step, you will naturally understand your own life. At that time, don't cry …"
These final words left Luo Zheng a bit confused. This person's words seemed to have some hidden meaning. Luo Zheng was also confused. At that time, don't cry? What did that mean?
Unfortunately, no one was able to answer Luo Zheng's question. The undead mark completely vanished and Luo Zheng stood in the endless void once more.
The artifact spirit's voice sounded out once more. "Young man, you have passed the final test."
"What's the reward?" After testing for a long time, Luo Zheng was still somewhat confused. These experts all had this kind of problem. The master of the Evil Tower was like this, and Immortal Heavenly Mist was also like this. They would only speak half of the words and deliberately hide the most important things. Thinking of this, Luo Zheng wanted to curse in his heart.
"After passing the final test, you will obtain the highest authority in the Evil Tower. You will be able to freely travel through the Evil Tower. You will also be able to control everything in the Evil Tower," the artifact spirit said indifferently. "As for me, I will serve you."
"What!?" Luo Zheng's face revealed a pleasantly surprised expression. "Doesn't this mean that the Evil Tower is mine?"
"No, the Evil Tower is not something that you can refine. Only the Demi-Immortal Clan has the qualifications to refine the Evil Tower. You have only obtained the recognition of the Demi-Immortal Clan. Moreover, with your strength, it is impossible for you to refine the tower. Therefore, you can only control the tower to a limited extent with my help," the artifact spirit said.
"What do you mean? For example? "Luo Zheng continued to ask.
"For example, you will be able to freely travel through the walls and floors of the Evil Tower. They will not obstruct you in any way. For example, you can kick any living creature out of the Evil Tower," the artifact spirit said.
Luo Zheng's eyebrows twitched and his heart began to pound.

Chapter 585
Luo Zheng didn't know much about the history of the Sea God Continent. He only knew about it from Fei 'er of the Yao Ye Clan.
However, the Tower of Sin was an extremely important training ground for the various races of the Sea God Continent. It was a matter of life and death for many races!
This was also why the Twin Demon Holy Lands had been attacked by the other Holy Lands when they wanted to monopolize the Tower of Sin!
Because occupying the Tower of Sin was equivalent to cutting off the other races' escape route, the other races could only choose to fight to the death.
Apart from cultivating in the Tower of Sin, the Mysterious Underworld Cave below the tower was also very important.
Therefore, the Tower of Sin was an indispensable part of the path that the Holy Lands planned for their geniuses! From this point of view, the Sea God Continent was completely different from the Central Domain …
In order to balance each other out, the Holy Lands selected seats from the various races to jointly control the Tower of Sin, making it a public cultivation Holy Land.
But now, Luo Zheng had the power to decide the life and death of the Tower of Sin. He could kick out whoever he wanted out of the Tower of Sin.
In that case, the so-called seat holders at the top of the tower were nothing more than a joke in front of Luo Zheng!
How could Luo Zheng not be happy?
"Since I've passed the final test, it's time to go out," Luo Zheng said.
"Sure. As the Artifact Spirit, I am omnipresent in the Tower of Sin. If you want to exercise your authority, just call me," the Artifact Spirit said in a calm voice.
Luo Zheng nodded, then walked towards the entrance.
Outside the Talent Stele, everyone's eyes were still fixed on the wall.
As time passed, everyone became more and more confused. Luo Zheng had taken the test many times longer than the average person.
Even Yun Luo, who had climbed to the first row like Luo Zheng, had only taken one-tenth of Luo Zheng's time.
"Why hasn't Luo Zheng come out yet?"
"Maybe we don't need to do anything. Luo Zheng couldn't have died in there, right?"
"This kind of thing has never happened before. The test of the Talent Stele is usually not dangerous, because the Talent Stele only tests the limits of one's talent!"
Many discussions reached Xia Shuang's ears, which made her a little upset. The Human Race was already facing a considerable amount of pressure at this moment. If Luo Zheng really died in there, then it would really be like flowers in a mirror and the moon in the water!
Just as all kinds of speculations were popping up, the wall suddenly shook.
"He's out?" Xia Shuang's thin eyebrows suddenly raised, her eyes filled with anticipation.
Lord Jing, Zhao Fenqin, Zhou Zhuohe, and the others were also paying close attention to the wall.
Aside from the human race, the Devil Race, the Yao Night Clan, and the other races all stared at the wall nervously.
Under everyone's gaze, the two words "Luo Zheng" that were originally on the first row suddenly disappeared.
"Disappeared? How could it have disappeared? "
"What the hell? Could it be that his name disappeared because of his death? "
"Bullshit! There was once a genius on the list, but after coming out, he was killed in the arena. That person's name didn't disappear either! "
"Then how do you explain why Luo Zheng's name disappeared?"
"You're asking me, but who should I ask?"
Everyone began to argue about the disappearance of Luo Zheng's name.
It was impossible for a name on the list to disappear. It would only be pushed down by the increasing number of names in front of it.
Just how few names were on the first row? Before yesterday, there were only five names, and none of them were from the Sea God Continent.
Today, there were two more names!
Even geniuses born in ten thousand years, a hundred thousand years, or even a million years wouldn't be able to push down the names on the first row. It was simply impossible for so many geniuses to make it to the first row!
Xia Shuang clenched her fists tightly, the worry on her face growing more and more intense. However, she was praying in her heart. Luo Zheng … will definitely be fine.
As the wall shook more and more violently, a speck of golden light suddenly appeared on the first row of the wall!
One crack after another formed, and then the speck of golden light filled the wall.
Then, everyone saw the word "Heaven Rank" appear on the crack. The word "Heaven Rank" instantly blossomed with ten thousand rays of dazzling golden light!
"What is this? Heaven Rank? What does it mean? "
"I don't know, this light is really dazzling …"
Just as everyone was discussing, more cracks appeared behind the Heaven-rank. In the end, the cracks formed the two words "Luo Zheng". Then, Luo Zheng's name also bloomed with endless golden light.
"Heaven Rank, Luo Zheng!"
"Isn't this too outrageous? Luo Zheng's name actually jumped to the top of the list! "
"Is there a need to be so exaggerated? That word is ten times bigger than the words below it …"
"I can only say that this Luo Zheng is too monstrous, too arrogant!"
Seeing this scene, everyone was completely stunned.
"Heaven Rank, Heaven Rank …" Meng Chong's face was full of shock, his mouth constantly muttering.
Zhao Fenqin and Zhou Zhuohe looked at each other, their eyes also filled with disbelief. "Fen Qin, isn't there a Book of Heaven Rank at the top of the tower?"
"Yes, according to the records of the Book of Heaven Rank, this Tower of Sin seems to belong to a race called Heaven Rank, but the records in the Book of Heaven Rank are vague …" Zhou Zhuohe shook his head and said, "I don't know what this kid encountered in the Innate Stele!"
"Hehe, no matter what he encountered, to be able to engrave his name on the top of so many geniuses … this," Zhao Fenqin sighed and said, "I don't know what to say."
When Xia Shuang saw the two huge words "Luo Zheng", her expression was incomparably excited. Her proud and upright breasts constantly shook, and her eyes were filled with tears. From the perspective of the human race, at this moment, every human would feel incomparably proud!
It wasn't just Xia Shuang who was excited, even Xing Hui who was extremely jealous of Luo Zheng was the same!
The human race had been bullied and humiliated in the Tower of Sin, and most of the time, they had to tuck their tails between their legs and behave themselves. But at this moment, they were proud of Luo Zheng, proud of being a member of the human race!
"The geniuses of our human race are something that you other races can't compare to!" Many humans wanted to roar these words out loud on the spot.
The dazzling golden light on the wall was reflected in the eyes of the Night Demon Clan's members. Their eyes were filled with complicated emotions. The Night Demon Clan wasn't a bloodthirsty clan. Apart from being powerful, they were also arrogant and reserved!
Even though she wasn't from the Demon Night Clan, Bai Huan was still very happy to see a genius rise to prominence. She really wanted to see how far this human youth, whom she had never met before, could go.
However, the human race's reproductive ability was far greater than the Demon Night Clan's. Once the human race prospered, with their enormous numbers, the probability of them giving birth to geniuses would be far greater than the Demon Night Clan and the Demon Race.
From this perspective, she also hoped that the Demon Race would kill Luo Zheng. After all, the rise of the human race wasn't a good thing for the Demon Race, the Demon Race, or even the other races!
"Let nature take its course …" Bai Huan thought indifferently. A person with such talent would also be a person of great fortune. It wouldn't be easy for the Demon Race to kill Luo Zheng. However, Luo Zheng was currently facing a hopeless situation. How was he going to resolve it?
If Xia Shuang could think of something, Bai Huan definitely couldn't.
Even if Luo Zheng defeated the genius of the Demon Race called Yue Shou, the Demon Race probably didn't intend to follow the rules. With Meng Chong's strength as a Tenth Level War Venerable, Luo Zheng definitely wouldn't have a chance to escape.
Even if Zhao Fenqin and Zhou Zhuohe could protect Luo Zheng, there was more than one Seat Controller in the Demon Race …
Once a conflict broke out between the Seat Controllers, the four Seat Controllers of the Human Race against the twenty Seat Controllers of the Demon Race would be like throwing an egg at a rock.
No matter how great Luo Zheng's fortune was, this was still a hopeless situation. He … had no chance of breaking out of this situation. Bai Huan had already come to a conclusion.
Just as everyone was staring at Luo Zheng's huge name in a daze, the door finally opened.
When Luo Zheng entered, there were already many people outside. However, when the door opened, Luo Zheng was immediately startled by the sight of a black mass of creatures from various races. There were even some abnormally powerful existences among them.
"Why are there so many …" Luo Zheng glanced around before his gaze finally landed on Xia Shuang. Then, he walked towards her.
"You finally came out." Xia Shuang's sweet voice trembled slightly. Her eyes were even slightly red.
"What's wrong?" Luo Zheng looked at Xia Shuang's expression and asked strangely.
Xia Shuang smiled and pointed at the wall behind Luo Zheng. "Look for yourself!"
Luo Zheng turned around and saw the huge words on the wall. He was immediately stunned. Now, Luo Zheng understood that the name on the wall was actually made by the Tool Spirit. However, was there a need to enlarge his name so many times and engrave it on the wall? Wasn't this too arrogant?
Luo Zheng was also speechless. If he had known this would happen, he would have definitely stopped the Tool Spirit from doing so …
＝＝＝＝＝

Chapter 586
A tall tree attracts the wind, and the tallest tree in the forest will be destroyed by the wind.
Xia Shuang understood this principle, and so did Luo Zheng.
Before entering the Talent Stele, Luo Zheng had no idea about his own talent, but even if his talent was good, adding the word "Heaven Rank" in front of his name, what was the meaning of this?
Was this the so-called recognition of the Heaven Rank Clan?
Right at this time, a majestic aura suppressed towards Luo Zheng. Luo Zheng turned his head to look, it was a Fiend Race war reverent.
"Tenth Order War Senior?" Luo Zheng's face showed a dignified expression.
"That's the seat controller of the Demon Race," Xia Shuang whispered in Luo Zheng's ear.
"Boy, you're not bad, engraving your name so big," Meng Chong's rough voice rang out, causing everyone's ears to buzz.
Hearing Meng Chong's words, Xia Shuang's heart tightened, and then began to beat rapidly. If Meng Chong killed Luo Zheng at this moment, the Human Race would have no way to stop him.
"So what?" Luo Zheng raised his eyebrows and asked back, as if he was not afraid of Meng Chong at all.
Many living beings looked at Luo Zheng with strange expressions. They were all wondering where this brat's confidence came from. Didn't he know his death was coming?
With such a genius, it was unreasonable for the Demon Race to not kill him. The creatures of many races probably had the same idea.
However, the trouble in front of them was a conflict between the Demon Race and the Human Race, and had nothing to do with the other races. Everyone was happy to sit on the mountain and watch the tigers fight.
Meng Chong grinned, "You don't seem to understand your situation …" After saying this, he walked towards Luo Zheng.
At this moment, two figures, one black and one white, appeared on Luo Zheng's left and right like ghosts. These two were Zhao Fenqin and Zhou Zhuohe. In order to prevent Meng Chong from suddenly attacking, they were on full alert.
"Huff huff …"
Purple-black Astral Essence was constantly circulating in Meng Chong's hand. He did not seem to put Zhao Fenqin and Zhou Zhuohe in his eyes. Meng Chong sneered, "You two, have you thought about the price of attacking?"
Under the two's joint attack, Meng Chong was definitely not their opponent.
But what would happen next?
The Human Race's War Seniors would be cleansed by the Demon Race!
The most likely thing was that all Warriors, Generals, and War Seniors, would be eliminated from the Tower of Sin.
Moreover, if the Human Race, the Human Race would not have a foothold in the Demon Race, then the Human Race would would no longer have a foothold.........
This was the sorrow of the weak. Without strength, they could only forcefully endure. Otherwise, what awaited them would be a bloody death.
........... com...........................................
Luo Zheng was important and had to be protected, but the entire human race was even more important!
. Although Luo Zheng did not know where the black and white came from, he could make a rough guess.
The Purple Heart Holy Land seemed to want to protect him to the death, while the Demon Race seemed to want to kill him. It seemed … even the rules of the safe zone did not apply. He was truly the tallest tree in the forest. Luo Zheng sneered in his heart, but he did not speak. He wanted to see if there was any leeway to turn the situation around.
Just as the two sides were confronting each other, the Moon Guardian suddenly took a step forward and said, "Luo Zheng, I challenge you!"
Luo Zheng smiled, "Sure!"
He did not hesitate to agree to the Moon Guardian's challenge.
Meng Chong looked at the Moon Guardian. He did not want to make a move now. Just as the Moon Guardian said, if he could kill Luo Zheng in the arena, then there would be no more trouble. The other races would have no right to criticize the Demon Race.
Even if the Moon Guardian failed, it would not be too late for Meng Chong to make a move.
He just wanted to give this brat some pressure. But Meng Chong never expected that this brat did not seem to be afraid of him at all.
So when he saw Luo Zheng's calm face, Meng Chong had the impulse to rush up and tear this brat to shreds.
Since Luo Zheng agreed to the Moon Guardian's challenge, the confrontation between the two races came to an end. Luo Zheng took the lead and walked out, followed by Xia Shuang. Their goal was naturally the arena.
After the humans walked to the arena, the Moon Guardian also walked out, leading the Demon Race to the arena...
. The many creatures that had gathered in front of the Talent Stele also followed behind in a hustle and bustle.
After a while, the seats in the spectator stands around the arena were packed!
The Tower of Sin was also a pyramid world. The number of warriors on the first five floors was several times more than the number of warriors on the sixth floor. From the sixth floor onwards, the number of warriors began to decrease rapidly. On the tenth floor, it was almost the world of tenth-level warriors. The geniuses of the various races gathered there!
Therefore, the tenth floor was a very important floor.
The vast majority of warriors would choose to cultivate in secret rooms. In order to break through to the higher floors of the Tower of Sin and become a War Exalt, these warriors worked harder than any other level.
But at this time, many warriors walked out of their secret rooms. Their goal was to watch the battle between the Moon Guardian and Luo Zheng!
On the spectator stands, there was a young girl from the Demon Night Clan wearing green clothes. Her long hair fluttered in the wind, and her eyes were sharp. This young girl from the Demon Night Clan was the Demon Night Clan's god-level genius, Mu Qing Yang!
On the tenth floor of the Tower of Sin, Mu Qing Yang and the Moon Guardian stood side by side. The two of them were considered the two most powerful geniuses of the younger generation on the Sea God Continent.
Mu Qing Yang was also in seclusion in a secret cultivation room. Moreover, the secret cultivation room she chose was filled with the Laws of Time. The flow of time was ten to one. Ten days in the secret cultivation room was only one day in the outside world.
Mu Qing Yang had fought with the Moon Guardian twice, and both times ended in a draw. But in reality, Mu Qing Yang had suffered a loss.
This was because according to the rules of the arena, if the two sides fought to a draw, they would exchange Light of Creation. During these two battles, Mu Qing Yang had stored far more Light of Creation than the Moon Guardian. This was why Mu Qing Yang was still brooding over this matter.
As a member of the Demon Night Clan, Mu Qing Yang naturally had her own pride. This time, she wanted to leave the Moon Guardian far behind. Therefore, she didn't hesitate to use her points to rent a secret cultivation room that could change the flow of time.
While she was cultivating, she was called out from her secret cultivation room. Mu Qing Yang was originally very angry, but after learning that such a big name had appeared on the Talent Stele and that the owner of this name wanted to challenge the Moon Guardian, how could Mu Qing Yang miss this opportunity?
At this moment, Mu Qing Yang was very envious of the Moon Guardian because she also wanted to challenge Luo Zheng.
How strong was a guy who could achieve the title of "Heaven Rank" and fight his way up from the lower levels as a tenth-rank fighter?
Meng Chong crossed his arms and coldly watched the arena. Although Luo Zheng's talent had been proven on the Talent Stele, talent wasn't everything to a fighter. After all, the Moon Guardian's cultivation was higher than Luo Zheng's. In Meng Chong's opinion, Luo Zheng was very likely to be killed by the Moon Guardian in this battle.
"Even if the Moon Guardian fails …" Meng Chong couldn't help but lick his lips, "I will personally end your life!"
The Demon Race had suffered a great loss because of Liu Yu. Now, Liu Yu alone was enough to threaten the existence of the Twin Demon Holy Land. This was unbearable for the Demon Race. They would never allow another "Liu Yu" to appear. Moreover, this guy's talent was even stronger than Liu Yu's!
Therefore, in Meng Chong's eyes, Luo Zheng was already a dead man. The only difference was whether he would die in the hands of the Moon Guardian or by his own hands.
"Do your best, Luo Zheng!"
An unknown human battle general in the audience suddenly shouted.
As soon as this voice rang out, the other humans also began to shout!
There were several hundred human battle generals in the tenth floor. Today, almost all of them were present. Their shouts had a different kind of momentum!
Luo Zheng nodded towards his fellow humans in the audience.
The Moon Guardian sneered, "After waiting for so long, you finally stand in front of me. However, your clansmen don't seem to think highly of you?"
Luo Zheng smiled faintly, "Why do you say that?"
"If they think highly of you, they don't need to cheer you on. Just like my clansmen, they believe in my strength. In their eyes, I don't need to cheer you on to easily defeat you," the Moon Guardian said.
Luo Zheng's face revealed a noncommittal expression, "It's useless to say more. In my eyes, the Demon Race is filled with reckless people. You are an exception, so there's no need to use these tricks to provoke me."
"That's true. Actually, I want you to go all out … …" The Moon Guardian revealed a sly smile.
From the perspective of the Demon Race, the Moon Guardian only needed to kill Luo Zheng. The so-called competition was not important at all.
However, the Moon Guardian had his own selfish motives. He wanted to go all out against Luo Zheng, so he wanted to provoke Luo Zheng. However, the Moon Guardian didn't expect that Luo Zheng wouldn't fall for this trick.
"It's useless to say more." Luo Zheng suddenly pulled out the holy longsword in his hand.
The Moon Guardian nodded and also pulled out his weapon.
The Demon Race was tall and sturdy, and the weapons they used were known for being rough. The Moon Guardian's weapon was no exception. It was a huge Zhanmadao. The blade was suffused with a faint red light. This Zhanmadao was also a holy weapon!
When the Moon Guardian held the Zhanmadao, the red light on the blade disappeared. At the same time, a faint red light burst out from the Moon Guardian's eyes.
"This Zhanmadao is a low-grade holy weapon called Blood Devour. The warrior who holds this Zhanmadao won't feel any pain until I die in battle! Not only that, but it will also give me endless strength and courage! "The Moon Guardian's originally calm expression gradually changed, and it was replaced by a crazed expression!
Holy weapons each had their own effects.
Luo Zheng turned the longsword in his hand, but he was somewhat depressed. Although the longsword in his hand was a holy weapon, it didn't have any effect. It was like a white board, and only had the toughness and strength of a holy weapon. However, as the standard weapon of the Dragon Pool Palace, Luo Zheng couldn't ask for too much … …
"It's very shameful for me to have a tenth-grade warrior as my opponent. However, Luo Zheng, since you have obtained the title of 'Sky Rank', I can't treat you as a warrior! Let me see your true strength! "
The Moon Guardian raised the Zhanmadao, and his figure suddenly leaped up. Surging Vital Essence suddenly burst out, and the Zhanmadao in his hands danced with a huge blade light, chopping down at Luo Zheng's head!
The strong blade intent came directly at him. Seeing this, Luo Zheng's figure moved slightly to the side, and his figure casually moved a step, so the blade naturally hit nothing.
"Boom!"
The broad blade of the Zhanmadao was directly embedded in the arena. Then, the Moon Guardian dragged the Zhanmadao horizontally, drawing a semicircular arc on the ground, and chopped horizontally at Luo Zheng again!
The Moon Guardian's body was much shorter than the average demon, but it was this short body that actually burst out with such power!
Luo Zheng's figure floated again, and he still dodged the blade.
Two huge cracks appeared on the ground of the arena, like the mouth of a devil. They were desperately twisting, constantly healing themselves.
Luo Zheng now understood why the Tower of Sin could heal itself. It was because of the existence of the Artifact Spirit.
The Artifact Spirit was actually the actual controller of the Tower of Sin. However, the original owner of the Tower of Sin had died. Without the owner's control, the Artifact Spirit had been protecting the Tower of Sin. As for who was training in the Tower of Sin, the Artifact Spirit didn't care …
"You only know how to dodge? Then let's see how you dodge this time! "
The Moon Guardian suddenly waved the Zhanmadao in his hand. The huge Zhanmadao spun rapidly in the Moon Guardian's hand, like a windmill!
After the Moon Guardian's rotation reached a certain speed, Luo Zheng could no longer see the Zhanmadao in front of him clearly. He could only see a circular wheel!
"Wheel of Destruction!"
The Moon Guardian stared at the huge wheel and chopped down at Luo Zheng. The Zhanmadao's rotation speed had reached the extreme, completely blocking Luo Zheng's retreat. This time, Luo Zheng couldn't dodge.
"Now!" Luo Zheng held his long sword horizontally and took a step back. The vital essence in his body suddenly erupted!
"Formless!
Luo Zheng's sword was crooked, like a child who couldn't hold the sword in his hand. It stabbed forward aimlessly.
"What is Luo Zheng trying to do? Is he playing with the Moon Guardian? "
"He has to pay the price for playing with his opponent in this situation!"
"This sword is very strange!"
Many creatures had strange expressions on their faces. They couldn't figure out why Luo Zheng suddenly used such a crooked sword technique. What was he trying to do?
The Moon Guardian's Killing Wheels were incomparably tyrannical. Any martial artist that was caught in them would basically be torn to shreds. After activating the Killing Wheels, the Moon Guardian was like a living meat grinder. In the tenth level, there were already many lives that had their flesh and blood torn apart. Even collecting their corpses wasn't enough!
In the eyes of the warlords, Luo Zheng's sword was hilarious and completely out of tune.
However, at this moment, Mu Qingyang suddenly stood up and stared at Luo Zheng's sword with her beautiful eyes!
Mu Qingyang was also a swordsman. Her sword technique was passed down from the Holy Land of the Night Demon Clan. Her sword technique was naturally exquisite. However, when she saw Luo Zheng's crooked sword technique, she was shocked.
"This sword technique looks strange, but I can't seem to … break it!"
Although Mu Qingyang didn't want to admit it, she came to this conclusion in her heart!
At this moment, not only Mu Qingyang, but also Meng Chong, Bai Huan, Zhao Fenqin, Zhou Zhuohe, and the others frowned.
Putting aside their racial prejudice, Luo Zheng's crooked sword seemed to contain endless mysteries. Although they could use their own strength to avoid Luo Zheng's sword and then use other methods to defeat him, Luo Zheng's sword seemed to contain endless mysteries.
However, if they faced this sword technique head-on, they couldn't break it either!
"Where did this kid learn this strange sword technique?" Zhao Fenqin curled his lips and shook his head.
Bai Huan pursed her lips and smiled. She said softly, "Looks like it's getting more and more interesting …"
Clang!
Luo Zheng's sword seemed light, but when it stabbed out, it happened to block Moon Guard's Zhanmadao. Then, a huge force suddenly erupted from Luo Zheng's body and was transmitted through the long sword!
With this sword, Moon Guard's Zhanmadao, which was like a spinning wheel, was stopped abruptly!
Luo Zheng looked at Moon Guard with a faint smile on his face. His long sword was like a magnet that was firmly attached to Moon Guard's Zhanmadao.
Moon Guardian wanted to retract his Zhanmadao, but the power coming from Luo Zheng's slender sword was like a mountain!
Strength had always been the pride of the Demon Clan!
Even the Night Demon Clan relied on their dexterity to defeat the Demon Clan. However, at this moment, Moon Guard, a Demon Clan member, was actually suppressed by Luo Zheng in terms of strength!
This was simply a great humiliation!
Moon Guard's face was scarlet. Vital Essence suddenly erupted from his body. He forcefully pulled his Zhanmadao back with great difficulty. Then, he swung his Zhanmadao in a huge arc and chopped at Luo Zheng's head!
Facing Moon Guard's attack, Luo Zheng's face was still full of smiles. His sword was still crooked.
Luo Zheng's Formless Sword Technique didn't have any moves at all. Because there were no moves, his sword moves were erratic and had no flaws. He could use them freely!
Clang!
Luo Zheng's sword once again blocked Moon Guard's Zhanmadao!
"Again!" Luo Zheng said with a faint smile.
Seeing Luo Zheng's smile, Moon Guard's face flashed with a trace of depression.
Among the Generals, Moon Guard only had one opponent, and that was Mu Qingyang of the Night Demon Clan. Moon Guard was confident that he could even kill some low-level War Venerables. However, today … he felt like he was being toyed with! His opponent wasn't even a General, but a Human Clan warrior!
This was a huge blow to the Moon Guardian!
"There's only one word for anyone who dares to play with me — death!" Moon Guard's eyes suddenly burst with an intense red light!
The sacred weapon in his hand was called Blood Devourer. It had a special martial skill that allowed it to devour the Blood Qi of the wielder and then give back a powerful strength!
The Demon Clan's Blood Qi was much stronger than that of ordinary creatures. However, the loss of Blood Qi would have a negative impact on a warrior. Therefore, even Moon Guard rarely used his Blood Qi to nourish his Zhanmadao.
However, at this moment, Moon Guard knew that he had no choice but to retreat.
This human brat in front of him had to die. Whether it was from his point of view or from the point of view of the entire Demon Clan!
After the surging Qi in his body entered the Zhanmadao in his hand, the aura that erupted from his body suddenly burst out. It was more than ten times stronger than before!

Chapter 587
The current Moon Guardian gave off the feeling of an ancient desolate beast from the ancient times!
Warriors who could enter the tenth floor of the Sin Tower were at least rank 10 warlords. However, many warlords felt their hearts beating rapidly under this aura.
"Moon Guardian is really strong! Even the warlords on the eleventh floor don't have this kind of aura. "
"Nonsense, Moon Guardian is known as an invincible existence among warlords. How can he be weak?"
"In my opinion, Luo Zheng is the most monstrous. Although he's only a rank 10 warrior, he can actually suppress Moon Guardian. If a new warlord isn't Moon Guardian's match, doesn't that mean that Luo Zheng defeated a small portion of the warlords with his warlord cultivation base?"
After the Moon Guardian's aura was released, the Vital Essence in his body also erupted. His legs stomped on the ground, and two deep footprints appeared on the ground!
"So fast!" Luo Zheng's eyes flickered. The longsword in his hand floated lightly, and he instinctively blocked in front of him.
Luo Zheng's sacred longsword was only three fingers thick, while Moon Guardian's Zhanmadao was incomparably huge!
Seeing Luo Zheng trying to block his Zhanmadao with a sword, Moon Guardian's face revealed a ruthless expression. As he rushed toward Luo Zheng, Moon Guardian raised his Zhanmadao and slashed down at Luo Zheng's head with the force of thunder!
"Thunderbolt Slash!"
Even if Luo Zheng was carrying a mountain, Moon Guardian would be able to slash it into pieces with one slash, let alone Luo Zheng who was only holding a longsword!
Surging astral essence gushed out from Yue Shou's body. Countless bolts of red lightning appeared on the back of the saber. This was the saber intent that Yue Shou had comprehended. Moreover, this saber intent contained a special power of thunder and lightning!
That saber intent had many similarities with Hua Tianming's Extreme Thunder Sword Intent.
"Luo Zheng actually didn't dodge?"
"He actually chose to take this slash head-on?"
"In a situation where strength meets strength, the sword doesn't have the advantage. Furthermore, Moon Guardian's Zhanmadao is huge. How terrifying would this slash be?"
All sorts of thoughts flashed through everyone's minds, and their faces were filled with confusion!
"You're too confident!" Xia Shuang could not help but exclaim.
Luo Zheng clearly had other means to counter Moon Guardian's attack, but he chose to confront Moon Guardian head-on. Other than being extremely confident, there was no other reasonable explanation.
"Dragon scale power, activate!"
The dragon scales in Luo Zheng's mind lit up one by one, blossoming with a glossy green radiance. An extremely confident smile appeared on his face.
Luo Zheng indeed had many ways to break Yue Shou's attack.
But at this moment, Luo Zheng also understood that he and the Devil Race had already reached a point of no return. Those War Venerables of the Devil Race below would definitely not let him go!
Since the innate talent test had already set off a wave in the Tower of Sin, Luo Zheng intended to make this wave even more violent. He wanted it to evolve into a stormy sea and crush the Demon Race's arrogance!
And the prelude to crushing him was this sword!
Clang!
Luo Zheng's sword finally clashed with Yue Shou's attack.
In everyone's eyes, Yue Shou's attack was already extremely powerful. It could be said that Yue Shou had unleashed all of his potential! It was also Yue Shou's most powerful attack!
Even the War Venerables from the upper levels did not dare to take this attack head-on!
And Luo Zheng's defensive sword seemed to be as light as a feather, without any power. Luo Zheng was like a block of wood, standing in place. He did not dissipate the force, nor did he use any skill. He just lightly blocked the attack in front of himself!
But this light sword was like an iron chain crossing the river, blocking in front of Luo Zheng and forcibly blocking Yue Shou's attack!
Therefore, the current scene in the arena was extremely strange.
Generally speaking, the attacker would have a huge advantage in terms of strength due to their charge. For example, if a person stood in place, it would be equivalent to blocking the opponent's charge. Unless that person's strength was much greater than the opponent's, they would not be able to block the opponent's charge!
But Luo Zheng was from the human race, and Yue Shou was from the demon race! In terms of talent, the demon race was much stronger than the human race. Not to mention, Yue Shou, who focused on refining his body, was much smaller than the average demon race member. But the explosive power hidden in his body was terrifying as long as one fought with him.
However, a strange scene suddenly occurred.
Just a light sword was able to completely block Yue Shou's attack, as if it was very easy.
In front of Yue Shou, Luo Zheng was like an insurmountable wall, unable to be shaken in the slightest. The difference in strength was highlighted at this moment!
Yue Shou was stunned. Many creatures on the tenth floor were also stunned. Meng Chong was even more stunned!
Previously, Luo Zheng seemed to be toying with Yue Shou, which already made Meng Chong extremely shocked. This made him even more determined to kill Luo Zheng. But now, Meng Chong understood that this brat in front of him had to be eliminated as soon as possible. In time, no, it wouldn't take long for this brat to completely rise. At that time, the entire demon race wouldn't have a foothold in the Tower of Sin!
At this moment, Meng Chong was already planning to rush onto the stage. Yue Shou definitely wasn't Luo Zheng's opponent. Therefore, not only did Meng Chong want to kill Luo Zheng, he also wanted to save Yue Shou. Although Yue Shou couldn't contend against Luo Zheng, he was still the most important genius of the Twin Demons Holy Land. In the future, he would definitely obtain a seat at the top of the tower. He absolutely couldn't allow Yue Shou to die like this!
Yue Shou's saber slowly moved back from Luo Zheng's sword. His expression was very calm, but the hand holding the saber felt somewhat powerless …
After realizing the gap between him and Luo Zheng, a monster seemed to have risen in his heart. That monster kept roaring in Yue Shou's heart, clearly telling him how big the gap between him and Luo Zheng was …
"I lost …"
Yue Shou straightforwardly admitted defeat, but it wasn't because he didn't have the spirit to fight.
In fact, Yue Shou's martial heart was very tenacious. But this saber strike had exhausted all of Yue Shou's self-confidence.
It was like a person who had prepared for ten years and finally succeeded in cultivating, only to discover that he couldn't beat a child. He didn't even have the strength to fight back in front of a child! This was the truest thought in Yue Shou's heart.
All of Yue Shou's pride and self-confidence all these years had turned into nothingness under this saber strike!
What strongest warrior? What most outstanding genius of the Twin Demons Holy Land? Under the setback of this saber strike, it was incomparably ear-piercing and laughable.
Luo Zheng waved his sword and held the hilt of his sword. He cupped his hands towards Yue Shou and said, "Thank you for letting me win!"
In the Sin Tower's arena, the winner could take the opponent's life. However, Luo Zheng didn't do so. It wasn't because he was afraid of the Demon Race. Since he had fully displayed his strength and talent, the purpose of blocking Yue Shou's saber strike was to build momentum! Luo Zheng wanted to let the other races understand that the Human Race was definitely not a weak race!
Luo Zheng didn't take Yue Shou's life because Yue Shou was the only demon that Luo Zheng appreciated!
Moreover, even if Luo Zheng took Yue Shou's life, it wouldn't have much meaning.
"Whoosh!"
An intense Light of Creation burst out from Yue Shou's chest and drilled into the nameplate on Luo Zheng's chest.
Just as Luo Zheng had estimated, the amount of Light of Creation he could obtain on the tenth floor was very abundant. This was also why Luo Zheng wanted to quickly climb up to the tenth floor. He could accumulate Light of Creation at a faster rate here.
Yue Shou carried his Zhanmadao and dispiritedly walked down the arena. He was like a walking corpse, swaying as he walked.
Although Yue Shou's heart of martial arts was extremely tenacious, under such a heavy blow, his heart of martial arts was almost completely destroyed by Luo Zheng. Now, Yue Shou had to rely on himself to comprehend it. If he could comprehend it, his strength would increase greatly. At that time, Yue Shou would be even more terrifying than he was now. But if he couldn't comprehend it, then he wouldn't be able to achieve anything impressive in his life.
"Luo Zheng, since my Demon Race's Generals can't defeat you, then I will personally take action! How about it? "Meng Chong jumped down from the spectator stand and was about to enter the arena.
Meng Chong's words suddenly caused everyone's expression to change!
According to the rules of the Sin Tower, the warriors on the upper floors could enter the lower floors, but they couldn't enter the lower floors' arenas.
This rule was also for the sake of the balance of the Sin Tower. If they couldn't defeat others on their own floor, then wouldn't everyone run to the next floor to challenge and accumulate Light of Creation?

Chapter 588
A seat controller challenging a fighter, such a thing had probably never happened before in the Tower of Sin.
The seat holders were basically all War Elder of the tenth step, also known as the Peak War Elder, and were only one step away from the War Sage. As a Warrior of the tenth step, Luo Zheng was separated from the Peak War Elder by two great realms!
No matter how high Luo Zheng's talent was, no matter how strong he was, he couldn't be a match for Peak War Elders.
Moreover, according to the rules of the Tower of Sin, warriors on the upper floors were not allowed to fight with warriors on the lower floors. Meng Chong's action of breaking this rule was significant!
This was also the reason why many warriors' expressions changed.
If the seat controller of the Demon Clan took the lead to break this rule, then the warriors of the other clans would no longer have to follow this rule, right?
At that time, wouldn't the entire Tower of Sin fall into endless chaos?
None of the clans were willing to see this happen.
However, before Meng Chong stepped onto the stage, an ethereal voice suddenly sounded, "This War Elder of the Demon Clan is challenging other warriors on the tenth floor. Isn't this against the rules?"
Everyone looked towards the source of the voice and saw that it was Mu Qing Yang, who was wearing a green robe.
Yue Shou and Mu Qing Yang were both the strongest warriors on the tenth floor, but Yue Shou didn't know what Mu Qing Yang meant. Could it be that she didn't know that Meng Chong was deliberately breaking the rules to kill Luo Zheng? Or could it be that the Demon Clan wanted to maintain order in the Tower of Sin?
This possibility really existed! After all, the Demon Clan had a lot of benefits in the Tower of Sin. The seats they obtained were second only to the Demon Clan. Only the Demon Clan had the qualifications to fight against the Demon Clan!
However, many people had heard the words of the Demon Clan's seat controller, Bai Huan, and it seemed that the Demon Clan didn't want to get involved in this matter. Now that Bai Huan was sitting on the side, Mu Qing Yang, a junior, had jumped out to speak. What was the meaning of this?
When Meng Chong was about to step onto the stage, Xia Shuang, Zhao Fenqin, and Zhou Zhuohe's expressions changed greatly. Zhao Fenqin was even more hesitant as to whether he should intervene or not!
Once he intervened, it was very likely that a war between the Human Clan and the Demon Clan would break out!
The Purple Heart Holy Land was definitely not a match for the Twin Demon Holy Land. Moreover, the disparity in strength between the Human Race with four seats and the Demon Race with more than twenty seats in the Sin Tower was extremely large. Once they started fighting, the consequences would be unimaginable.
Meng Chong rolled his huge eyes and sneered, "What have I done that I need a junior like you to lecture me? Where's Bai Huan? "
Meng Chong could not understand Bai Huan's intentions. Bai Huan did not say anything, but he had asked Mu Qingyang, a junior from the Fiend Night Clan, to stop him? However, the Night Demon Clan's attitude was of utmost importance. Thus, Meng Chong shifted the topic to Bai Huan. He wanted to confirm Bai Huan's thoughts.
Although Mu Qingyang was reprimanded by Meng Chong, his expression was still indifferent. At this time, Bai Huan finally stood up and said softly, "The rules of the Sin Tower were jointly set by us. I feel that only Mu Qingyang is qualified to challenge Luo Zheng. As for what you plan to do after Mu Qingyang's challenge, it's up to you."
Bai Huan's words were very clear. The Night Demon Clan did not want to interfere with the Demon Clan's violation of the rules. Now that Mu Qingyang from the Night Demon Clan wanted to challenge Luo Zheng, the Night Demon Clan did not care what the Demon Clan would do next.
Actually, Bai Huan had said that she did not want to interfere in this matter. She did not change her mind. However, when Mu Qingyang saw the battle between Luo Zheng and Yue Shou, he became eager to challenge Luo Zheng.
As an elder of the Night Demon Clan, Bai Huan agreed to Mu Qingyang's request. That was why she stepped forward to stop him.
Meng Chong sneered at Bai Huan's words. "Very well. I'm not in a hurry!" After saying that, he clasped his hands behind his back and stood to the side.
In any case, from Meng Chong's point of view, Luo Zheng was definitely going to die. No matter what, he would not be able to escape today's calamity. As long as the Night Demon Clan did not interfere, the situation would be under his control. As for the Human Clan's seat holders? If the Demon Clan wanted to destroy them, it would only take a blink of an eye.
Mu Qingyang smiled faintly. "Thank you, Lord War Supremacy!"
After saying that, her figure flashed and a green figure appeared in the air. It was as if she had passed through space and entered the arena.
"Mu Qingyang cultivates both energy and body. She is becoming more and more proficient in the Law of Space. It seems that she has grasped the second level!"
"What a strong comprehension ability! It is said that she is only 20 years old. To be able to grasp the second level of the Law of Space at such a young age … "
"In the history of the Tower of Sin, there has never been a warlord who has grasped the second level of the Law of Space. Can she defeat Luo Zheng?"
The creatures of the various races were watching the show, while the humans were watching with their hearts clenched!
Originally, when the Night Demon Clan had suddenly interfered, Xia Shuang and the others had seen a glimmer of hope. They could only entrust this matter to the Night Demon Clan. However, they had never expected that the Night Demon Clan would not interfere at all. Instead, it was Mu Qingyang who wanted to challenge Luo Zheng.
This meant that the Human Clan was weak to a certain extent. They were like fish on a chopping board. The Night Demon Clan could do whatever they wanted to. This was the tragedy of the weak.
Because of Mu Qingyang's challenge, Meng Chong's attack was temporarily delayed. What would happen next?
Not to mention that Mu Qingyang's strength was not weaker than Yue Shou's, because of his dual cultivation of both energy and body, it was impossible to guard against his attacks.
So what if Luo Zheng defeated Mu Qingyang? He still had to face Meng Chong. In the end, today was Luo Zheng's deadlock.
Xia Shuang and the others had endless worries on their faces. They could not find a way to break out of this situation.
Perhaps, they could only entrust a miracle to Luo Zheng.
However, no matter how strong Luo Zheng's talent was, he was still a Tenth Level fighter. He did not have the ability to fight against a Tenth Level War Supremacy.
Xia Shuang sighed faintly. Looking at the heroic young man in the arena, a deep sense of powerlessness enveloped her body. She did not know what she should do.
If it was an ordinary person, they would not be in the mood to fight after knowing that there was a Tenth Level War Supremacy eyeing them covetously.
However, Luo Zheng still had a faint smile on his face. It was as if he did not care about the killing intent in front of him. Many people felt that Luo Zheng was forcing himself to be calm. However, to be so calm in such a situation required a certain amount of confidence. So where did Luo Zheng's confidence come from?
Many of the living beings were also constantly guessing!
Mu Qingyang's light footsteps landed on the arena. A slender sword appeared in his hand. Then, he said in a light voice, "Luo Zheng, I want to choose you."
Luo Zheng nodded. He held his sword horizontally and nodded.
"You have the strength to defeat Yue Shou, but you may not be my match." Mu Qingyang said softly.
"Since we're already on the arena, there's no need to talk so much," Luo Zheng said indifferently to the genius of the Night Demon Clan.
"You're very arrogant, but I hope you can maintain this arrogance." After saying that, Mu Qingyang's figure fluttered. In the blink of an eye, he crossed the distance of sixty to seventy feet and arrived beside Luo Zheng. Then, he stabbed his sword towards Luo Zheng's forehead.
"Space Law!"
Luo Zheng smiled faintly. His figure also flickered. He stepped out and traveled through space.
Mu Qingyang's sword seemed to have stabbed Luo Zheng, but in fact, Luo Zheng had already left the arena. Instead, he appeared behind Mu Qingyang and slashed down with his sword.
"Both of them are using the Space Law?"
"Isn't Luo Zheng a Body Refiner? He's also a Body Refiner! "
"How many trump cards does this kid have?"
When both of them had mastered the Space Law, it was difficult to determine the winner of the battle.
Because the Space Law allowed one to travel freely, it was very difficult to completely block the opponent's escape route.
However, it was also because of this that the battle became more intense and the pace of the battle was very fast.
Luo Zheng traveled through space and circled behind Mu Qingyang. In the blink of an eye, Mu Qingyang traveled through space and appeared beside Luo Zheng. However, when Mu Qingyang stabbed with his sword, Luo Zheng also traveled through space and left.
Silhouettes constantly appeared and disappeared, appearing and disappearing again and again, dazzling everyone. Although the two figures were dressed differently, because their speed was too fast, some cultivators couldn't tell who was who for a moment!
"Clang!"
"Clang clang clang clang!"
While traveling through space, Luo Zheng finally found a gap. Their swords collided seven or eight times.
In a pure contest of swordsmanship, Mu Qingyang was at a disadvantage. Although she had watched the battle between Luo Zheng and Moon Guardian and had seen Luo Zheng's "Formless", Luo Zheng's move did not have any sword moves. How could she break it?
＝＝＝＝＝

Chapter 589
Although sword moves were ever-changing, they were still the same. No matter how exquisite a sword move was, it was based on other sword moves. There was always a pattern to follow.
When Mu Qingyang fought with other swordsmen, she could almost predict their intentions as long as they moved their wrists. However, Luo Zheng's sword move had no pattern at all. She couldn't see through it at all.
After a few moves, Luo Zheng easily broke through Mu Qingyang's defense and pointed his long sword at her chest. In the end, Mu Qingyang had to travel through space again to avoid Luo Zheng's attack.
Mu Qingyang had expected that she couldn't break Luo Zheng's sword move. When she observed the fight between Luo Zheng and Moon Guardian, she knew that she couldn't break Luo Zheng's weird sword move …
However, it didn't mean that she didn't have the confidence to defeat Luo Zheng.
When warriors fought, sword moves weren't the only thing they relied on. Most of the time, they had to rely on their trump cards!
After she traveled through space to distance herself from Luo Zheng, her bright eyes flickered and her red lips opened slightly. "Sanyuan Shadow!"
"Swish, swish, swish …"
Suddenly, three shadows rushed out from her body and scattered around the arena.
Luo Zheng turned his head to look at the three shadows. He frowned slightly, but he didn't know what Mu Qingyang wanted to do.
After Mu Qingyang sent the three shadows away, her figure suddenly flashed. She jumped up high and stabbed her sword at Luo Zheng's head!
"Frost Breaking Sword!"
A sharp sword light pierced toward Luo Zheng's head.
Luo Zheng sneered and flicked his long sword again. This time, not only did it shatter Mu Qingyang's sword light, but it also slashed toward Mu Qingyang's shoulder. If Mu Qingyang couldn't dodge it, her body would be cut in half by Luo Zheng's long sword!
Seeing Luo Zheng's sword strike, Mu Qingyang's body suddenly changed direction in the air. It was as if a strange force had appeared out of nowhere and pulled her away. She merged with the shadow in the corner!
When Mu Qingyang merged with the shadow in the corner, another shadow rushed out from her body and spread out in another corner. Then, a smile appeared on her face. There were still three shadows in the arena.
"These shadows have such a magical effect …" Luo Zheng murmured.
If Mu Qingyang used these shadows to attack Luo Zheng, she would choose to travel through another shadow every time her attack failed. She would be almost invincible.
"Let's see how you can break my Sanyuan Shadow!" Mu Qingyang chuckled and moved again. This time, she did not jump. Instead, she lowered her body and rushed toward Luo Zheng.
"Clang!"
Luo Zheng frowned and hacked at the ground. The surging Sword Essence covered an area of ten meters in front of him. However, Mu Qingyang easily passed through it and came close to Luo Zheng. Mu Qingyang's long sword was already on Luo Zheng's neck. Just as she was about to pull gently to separate Luo Zheng's head, Luo Zheng's figure turned into a shadow and appeared behind Mu Qingyan.
This time, Luo Zheng didn't have time to swing his sword to kill. Mu Qingyang's figure was pulled in another direction quickly and strangely.
Luo Zheng didn't give Mu Qingyang a chance. He was just pretending to attack. When Mu Qingyang was about to merge with one of the shadows, Luo Zheng took a step forward and waited by the side.
What made Luo Zheng speechless was that Mu Qingyang's figure changed direction midway and landed on another shadow!
"This …"
He looked at Mu Qingyang's smiling face. The long sword in his hand was shaking slightly, but he was thinking of a way to break it.
He didn't expect Mu Qingyang to be so difficult to deal with …
Every race had their own specialties. The humans in the Purple Heart Holy Land were good at the Vital Essence system, the Demon Clan was good at refining their bodies, and the Demon Clan's inheritance was special. This almost perfect race seemed to be able to freely choose their own cultivation system. The cultivation methods passed down in the Holy Land were also very strange.
"In this case, speed is the only thing I can do." Just as Mu Qingyang revealed a faint smile, Luo Zheng didn't stay any longer. He stepped forward and attacked Mu Qingyang again.
Mu Qingyang's attack didn't have any effect. Before merging with one of the shadows, she even turned around and attacked Luo Zheng.
At this moment, Luo Zheng dodged the attack and suddenly accelerated toward the next shadow. At the same time, a white light flashed in Luo Zheng's hand. It was the indestructible broken flying dagger. Luo Zheng's broken flying dagger directly rushed toward another shadow!
Luo Zheng used the flying dagger to seal a shadow, and he himself also sealed a shadow. Now, there was only one shadow left on the battlefield. When Luo Zheng sprinted halfway, he threw the long sword in his hand!
"Swoosh!"
In a moment of desperation, Luo Zheng couldn't think of a way to break it. He could only seal Mu Qingyang's three shadows in an instant!
This time, Mu Qingyang really panicked!
Once her Ternary Shadow was activated, she could freely choose which shadow to move to. However, it also limited her movement direction!
Now, no matter which shadow she landed on, she would be attacked by Luo Zheng! This was a difficult choice for Mu Qingyang!
In the end, in a moment of desperation, Mu Qingyang's figure flashed and she chose Luo Zheng's position.
Although Mu Qingyang didn't know the power of Luo Zheng's flying dagger, he caught a glimpse of it. Although the flying dagger was broken, its aura was very sharp and couldn't be underestimated.
If he chose another shadow to land on, he was afraid that Luo Zheng's long sword would directly pierce through it. After all, it was a Divine Weapon. Mu Qingyang absolutely couldn't block it!
Only Luo Zheng himself … Since he had removed the sword in his hand, his strength should be greatly reduced!
In Mu Qingyang's mind, a swordsman relied on the sword in his hand the most. If a swordsman was willing to throw the sword in his hand, it meant that he was ready to stake everything on a single throw. Since Luo Zheng was willing to use his own sword to shoot his own shadow, she had a great chance to defeat Luo Zheng!
A swordsman without his sword was like a tiger without its fangs.
However, Mu Qingyang didn't know that for Luo Zheng, not using his sword was even more terrifying than using it!
The moment Mu Qingyang landed, she was about to face Luo Zheng's fist!
At this moment, Luo Zheng didn't activate the Starry Battle Body. He didn't need it to deal with Mu Qingyang.
"Diffraction!"
Although Luo Zheng had taken the initiative to punch, Mu Qingyang didn't hesitate. Her sharp sword, which was released later, arrived first. Like a nimble bamboo green snake, her long sword, which was blooming with a faint green light, was pointed at Luo Zheng first.
Although Mu Qingyang's sword didn't look very powerful, it was very delicate. Each of her sword strikes was aimed at a vital point.
If Luo Zheng attacked with his fist, her sword would definitely cut off half of Luo Zheng's head!
However, Luo Zheng didn't swing his fist at Mu Qingyang. Instead, he changed his move midway and directly grabbed Mu Qingyang's sword!
Mu Qingyang's long sword was also a sacred weapon named "Gentle Snow." In addition to having the strength of a sacred weapon, it was also abnormally light. It was so light that it was almost weightless. Holding it in one's hand was like holding a handful of snow.
After Luo Zheng pinched the sword with two fingers, Mu Qingyang suddenly tried to pull it out. She suddenly found that her sword seemed to be embedded in a crack in the stone. She couldn't pull it out at all!
Even though Mu Qing Yang was a woman, the Night Demon Clan wasn't known for their strength. Instead, they cultivated both body and energy. Mu Qing Yang's strength was far beyond that of an ordinary cultivator. Not to mention being embedded in a rock, even if the sword was crushed by a mountain, she would still be able to pull it out!
However, she pulled it out twice in a row. She even unleashed the Vital Essence in her body, but the long sword in her hand didn't move at all!
Luo Zheng smiled faintly and reached out to pinch it.
Clang!
Yet, he had forcibly broken this Saint Artifact longsword ….
"You!"
Mu Qingyang could no longer maintain the calm smile on her face.
Even as a genius of the Sacred Land, it wasn't easy to obtain a sacred weapon. Moreover, "Gentle Snow" was very suitable for her. She cherished it very much even when she practiced swordsmanship. She had never expected that Luo Zheng would break it so easily!
The strength of a sacred weapon was far beyond that of an ordinary weapon. However, Mu Qingyang's sword was too thin and thin. If it were the Moon Guardian's Zhanmadao, even if Luo Zheng activated all the power of the dragon scales, it would still be difficult to break it.
However, with Luo Zheng's strength, breaking Mu Qingyang's sword wasn't too difficult.
"What about me?" Luo Zheng smiled faintly.
"Go to hell!"
Under Mu Qingyang's furious attack, a green light suddenly appeared above her head. The moment it appeared, it directly entered Mu Qingyang's head!
Luo Zheng's eyes flashed. He suddenly felt an extremely dangerous feeling!
With Luo Zheng's current strength, an ordinary warlord wouldn't be able to make him feel this way. Not to mention a warlord, even an ordinary warlord wouldn't be much of a threat to him.
Luo Zheng's figure suddenly retreated when he felt this strong sense of danger. However, several black rays suddenly appeared on Mu Qingyang's fingers. As an extension of his fingers, they looked like a woman's fingernails. However, the black rays made Luo Zheng's heart palpitate!
No matter how confident Luo Zheng was in his immortal weapon body, he didn't dare to let this woman scratch him!
However, Mu Qingyang obviously didn't intend to let him go. As he rushed towards Luo Zheng, he crazily waved his sharp claws, like a roaring lynx facing its prey in the jungle!
Under the continuous pursuit, the black claws almost hit Luo Zheng several times. However, Luo Zheng was still lucky enough to dodge them. However, even though he avoided Mu Qingyang's direct attack, he had miscalculated one thing. Mu Qingyang's shadow was still lingering in the arena!
When Luo Zheng retreated to another corner of the arena, Mu Qingyang's figure instantly appeared behind Luo Zheng's shadow and grabbed at Luo Zheng's back.
"Shit!"
If he was scratched by this woman, he would probably be seriously injured even if he didn't die. He had been too careless this time.
In a moment of desperation, Yao Ye, the sword spirit in Luo Zheng's body, suddenly shot out. Along with Yao Ye was the huge black sword stored in his spatial ring!
The moment Yao Ye's faint figure took shape, his hand was already on the hilt of the huge black sword. He directly pulled the huge black sword out of Luo Zheng's spatial ring and slashed it at Mu Qingyang.
Slash!
However, Mu Qingyang didn't dodge at all. He just saw the huge sword appear before his eyes, and he still refused to give up as he clawed at it. Nothing could obstruct the black light on his fingers!
Five deep grooves suddenly appeared on the enormous black sword. However, Mu Qingyang saw Yao Ye's appearance at the instant that Yao Ye slashed down with the enormous black sword.
"What's that!?"
Mu Qingyang was stunned.
On the other hand, the huge sword in Yao Ye's hand had been forcefully stopped by Mu Qingyang's neck in the end, and it hadn't slashed down.
The others were stunned by this sudden scene as well. What's going on in the arena? Why did this suddenly happen when the battle was just getting intense?
Luo Zheng heaved a few breaths of air and shook his head. It was truly dangerous just now. Actually, Luo Zheng still had a few methods that could allow him to defeat Moon Guardian. However, he wasn't willing to use some trump cards unless it was a moment of life and death. He hadn't expected that this woman from the Yao Ye Clan who looked refined would actually be so ferocious when she was infuriated. She was simply like a wild cat that didn't care about its life!
However, Luo Zheng suddenly realized a problem, an extremely strange problem!
Why has the Sword Spirit, Yao Ye, suddenly stopped listening to my orders?
The Sword Spirit had always acted according to Luo Zheng's orders. If Luo Zheng needed her to attack an enemy, then she would pursue and kill the enemy; if Luo Zheng needed her to defend, then Yao Ye would protect her.
Luo Zheng had been in a hurry just now, and he'd merely ordered Yao Ye to stop Mu Qingyang. However, as soon as Yao Ye appeared and slashed down, the huge sword in his hand had actually stopped! What's going on?
This is something that has never happened in the past.
"Why has the battle suddenly stopped?"
"Another woman has suddenly appeared here? Is she from the Yao Ye Clan as well? "
"I sensed the aura of a Sword Spirit from that woman. She's probably Luo Zheng's Sword Spirit that has taken human form!"
"Let's not talk about whether she's a Sword Spirit or not. Can anyone tell me why Mu Qingyang has suddenly stopped moving?"
Right when everyone was discussing animatedly, Mu Qingyang stared blankly at Luo Zheng's Sword Spirit, Yao Ye, and then she finally spat out a single word. "King …."
After that, she suddenly knelt down on one knee towards Yao Ye.
At this moment, many members of the Yao Ye Clan had stood up successively and knelt down on one knee towards the center of the arena.
Even Bai Huan who was the Seat Controller had knelt down on one knee as well. He revealed a devout expression as he knelt down towards the arena.
At the same time, a few more War Exalts of the Yao Ye Clan walked over from the other side of the arena. Surprisingly, the person in the lead was the Seat Controller of the Yao Ye Clan as well, and it was Lord Mei whom Fei 'er had mentioned earlier!
When Lord Mei saw Luo Zheng's Sword Spirit, he knelt down on one knee with the other War Exalts and bowed towards the arena.
After Chu Fei 'er noticed Luo Zheng's Sword Spirit, she'd sent a message back to request for Lord Mei to come personally while she was tracking Luo Zheng. However, Lord Mei wasn't in the Sin Tower at that time, nor was he in the Hallowed Grounds. He was completing an assignment at the last minute.
After the assignment was completed, Lord Mei had rushed over as soon as he received the news.
Fei 'er had always been by Luo Zheng's side, but even though she was a Champion, she didn't have the authority to enter the 10th floor of the Sin Tower. She could only wait on the 9th floor.
Now that Lord Mei had just arrived and saw Luo Zheng summon the Yao Ye Clan's King, he naturally had to bow first!
"What's going on? What exactly is Luo Zheng's Sword Spirit? "
"Shh, keep your voice down. Don't get yourself into trouble. Look, the two Seat Controllers of the Yao Ye Clan have started to bow. If you infuriate the Yao Ye Clan, you'll be dead!"
"But how is Luo Zheng related to the Yao Ye Clan?"
After Lord Mei and Bai Huan paid their respects, they walked towards the battle arena without consulting anyone.
Strictly speaking, cultivators from the 11th floor and above were breaking the rules even if they walked onto the arena. However, in the eyes of the two Seat Controllers, the so-called rules didn't exist at all when compared to their King! It wasn't worth their scruples at all!
"King … is that you?"
Lord Mei walked over to Sword Spirit Yao Ye and asked in a trembling voice.
Luo Zheng pursed his lips when he saw the excited expressions on Lord Mei and Bai Huan's faces. Through Fei 'er, Luo Zheng already knew that his Sword Spirit seemed to be related to a certain' King 'of the Yao Ye Clan. However, he naturally knew his own Sword Spirit. Sword Spirit Yao Ye didn't know how to speak …
Was there any use for the Yao Ye Clan's War Sovereign to be so excited?
Just as Luo Zheng was thinking this, the next scene caused Luo Zheng's eyes to pop out of their sockets. Luo Zheng heard his Sword Spirit suddenly say, "It's me."
Sword Spirit Yao Ye's indifferent tone was filled with unparalleled dignity. Just the words "it's me" were spoken softly, but every living being who heard these two words instantly felt incomparably tiny! Some of them couldn't help but kneel in front of him.
Bai Huan and Lord Mei immediately knelt on one knee before Sword Spirit Yao Ye with a plop.
Even Luo Zheng, Meng Chong, Zhao Fenqin, and the others had to rely on their willpower to suppress the urge to kneel!
Amongst them, Luo Zheng was the most shocked!
"This … this …" Luo Zheng's face was filled with astonishment. Why did Sword Spirit Yao Ye suddenly speak?!
Sword Spirits were formed when swordsmen constantly tempered their sword intent. However, Luo Zheng's Sword Spirit was rather easy to form. Luo Zheng had been constantly absorbing the Sword Spirits of other swordsmen as he climbed up the Slaughter Sword Mountain.
Logically speaking, it shouldn't have been so easy to transform even if he'd absorbed quite a few Sword Spirits. Transforming a Sword Spirit wasn't an easy task.
However, something strange happened after he absorbed the Sword Spirit of this woman from the Yao Ye Clan. His Sword Spirit directly transformed into this form.
However, no matter what she looked like, she was still his Sword Spirit in the end. Sword Spirits weren't living beings, and they acted according to his will ….
At this moment, Sword Spirit Yao Ye actually spoke. How could Luo Zheng not be shocked?
No wonder Sword Spirit Yao Ye had stopped his black greatsword by Mu Qingyang's neck. She had her own thoughts, and naturally wasn't willing to kill her own clansmen.
Sword Spirit Yao Ye suddenly turned around and looked indifferently at Luo Zheng. At this moment, she was emitting a boundless aura of a ruler. It was as if she was born to be superior to others, and all living beings were born to kneel at her feet!
"Who, who … are you?"
Logically speaking, Luo Zheng wouldn't be so flustered no matter how big of a problem he encountered. Even when he was facing a near-perfect Sky Immortal in the Innate Stele, Luo Zheng wasn't nervous because of the soul imprint of the original owner of the Sin Tower.

Chapter 590
Luo Zheng had his suspicions about Yao Ye's origins.
Normally, sword spirits would only act according to their master's orders. It was similar to the Art of Puppetry.
However, Yao Ye possessed a Sword Dance Technique that even Luo Zheng couldn't see through. As a sword spirit, how could he know martial arts that his master had never seen before? Even the knowledgeable Qinglong couldn't explain this, so it was even more impossible for Luo Zheng to know the answer.
Luo Zheng finally understood. Sword spirits possessed their own consciousness. Or rather, they possessed the soul of the Yao Ye Clan's' King '!
It wasn't too difficult to attach one's soul to a sword spirit. When Luo Zheng first entered the Slaughter Sword Mountain, the Icesword Celestial Master had placed a strand of his soul into a sword spirit.
However, the Yao Ye Clan's King had placed his soul into a sword spirit, yet Luo Zheng couldn't sense it at all with his current senses? Even if Luo Zheng couldn't sense it, how could Qinglong not sense it at all?
Luo Zheng looked at his sword spirit and stuttered, "Who are you?"
The sword spirit looked at Luo Zheng indifferently and replied, "My name isn't Yao Ye. It's Xun."
"A one-word name?" Luo Zheng blinked.
On the first row of the Innate Stele, there were two people with one-word names. One was called 'Huo', and the other was called 'Ya'.
Humans rarely used one-word names because of their surnames. Perhaps' Huo 'and' Ya 'were from the Yao Ye Clan.
However, there were countless clans in the Higher Realm. He couldn't be sure that they were from the Yao Ye Clan. Perhaps other clans would use one-word names as well.
"Why are you my sword spirit?" Luo Zheng slowly calmed down. At the very least, the sword spirit wasn't hostile towards him.
"I can't answer that for now … I need you to make a trip to the Yao Ye Clan's Sacred Land." Xun turned to look at Lord Mei and Bai Huan. "What's the name of your Sacred Land? What rank is it? "
Lord Mei's face was filled with reverence as he replied, "My King, the Holy Land that we live in on the Sea God's Continent is called the Heavenly Feather Holy Land. It's a Rank Seven Holy Land!"
Because of the existence of a genius like Liu Yu, the Heavenly Feather Holy Land had already been promoted to a seventh-grade sect. It could be considered the only seventh-grade Holy Land on the Sea God Continent.
If the Twin Demon Holy Lands of the Demon Race were to join forces, they would be slightly stronger than the Sky Feather Holy Lands and could be considered as a Rank Seven Holy Lands. However, whether it was the Fear Demon Holy Lands or the Flame Demon Holy Lands, they could only be considered as peak Rank Six Holy Lands.
As for the human race's Purple Heart Holy Land, in terms of power and resources, it was roughly equivalent to a fifth-grade sect. However, because of the Sin Tower, there were a few Divine Sea Realm old monsters, so it could barely be considered a sixth-grade Holy Land. Of course, it was the weakest of the sixth-grade Holy Lands.
"To be able to develop into a seventh-grade Holy Land in such a barren place, very good. Take me there now," Xun said calmly, but there was an unquestionable might in her voice. The reason why she had invited Luo Zheng to the Yao Ye Clan's Sacred Land was because she was still Luo Zheng's sword spirit. However, no one knew what secret technique Xun had used to hide herself within the sword spirit. Even Luo Zheng and Qinglong were unable to detect her.
"My queen, we're very happy to serve you," Lord Mei and Bai Huan replied in unison.
In the eyes of the Yao Ye Clan's members, their queen was a supreme existence. Even if Xun ordered Lord Mei and Bai Huan to commit suicide, they wouldn't dare to hesitate, let alone Xun asking them to take her to the Sacred Land!
Although the Yao Ye Clan was a lawful race, and there weren't many taboos or taboos in the clan, the entire clan was built around the soul statues of the three kings.
"Wait!"
A deep voice rang out. It was Meng Chong who had spoken!
This scene had completely confused Meng Chong …
He felt that he had already given the Yao Ye Clan face by allowing their god-level genius, Mu Qing Yang, to challenge Luo Zheng!
Whether or not Mu Qing Yang could defeat Luo Zheng, Meng Chong would kill Luo Zheng when the time came. This scenario had already been written into Meng Chong's mind, but what was happening right now? Why had Mu Qing Yang suddenly knelt in the middle of the fight?
Then, a "queen" suddenly popped out of the Yao Ye Clan and wanted to take Luo Zheng with her?
How could he, Meng Chong, allow this to happen?
When Xun saw Meng Chong's mountain-like figure blocking her way, she glanced at him indifferently and asked, "What is it?"
"I don't care what kind of queen you are in the Yao Ye Clan. Wherever you go has nothing to do with the demon race. That brat, you must stay!" Meng Chong said sternly.
Meng Chong didn't understand Xun's position in the hearts of the Yao Ye Clan. Although Xun's aura was extraordinary, and even Meng Chong felt inferior standing in front of her, in a world where strength was everything, Xun's strength wasn't enough to make Meng Chong fear her.
Luo Zheng was someone Meng Chong had to kill. How could he allow Luo Zheng to leave safely?
"Impudent!"
"You're courting death!"
As soon as Meng Chong finished speaking, Lord Mei and Bai Huan appeared on his left and right.
The two Seat Controllers of the Fiend Night Clan actually attacked Meng Chong without any explanation!
Either Lord Mei or Bai Huan would be able to hold their own against Meng Chong, let alone the two of them attacking together.
White flower petals appeared in Bai Huan's hand. Her fair and delicate fingers contained a terrifying power as they swept towards Meng Chong's head.
A black short sword appeared in Lord Mei's hand and fiercely pierced towards Meng Chong.
"You!"
A trace of anger appeared on Meng Chong's face!
Meng Chong's decision to ignore the rules of the Sin Tower and directly attack Luo Zheng was already a big deal. It was very likely that the Sin Tower, which had finally stabilized, would once again fall into chaos.
Therefore, even Meng Chong himself had to be careful!
But how could Meng Chong have imagined that because of a single sentence from him, the two leaders of the Yao Ye Clan would ignore the rules and attack him!
Leader of the Yao Ye Clan versus leader of the Yao Ye Clan …
At the top of the Sin Tower, the leaders of the Yao Ye Clan would spar with each other every year to determine the ranking of the Yao Ye Clan's seats. There were differences in strength between the 128 leaders of the Yao Ye Clan!
But spars were just spars. If they were to fight here, it was very likely that it would lead to a war between the leaders of the Yao Ye Clan!
Even Meng Chong didn't dare to casually attack the other leaders of the Yao Ye Clan, especially the leaders of the Yao Ye Clan.
Of course, Meng Chong didn't care about weak races like the human race, which only occupied four seats!
"Bang!"
"Pu!"
In a panic, Meng Chong sent out two punches towards Bai Huan and Lord Mei.
Among the 128 leaders of the Yao Ye Clan, Meng Chong's strength was ranked 45th, Bai Huan's strength was ranked 42nd, and Lord Mei's strength was ranked 37th!
Meng Chong would find it very difficult to deal with any one of them, let alone Bai Huan and Lord Mei working together!
Meng Chong's fist barely dispelled the white illusion. His finger flicked lightly, and although his other fist forced Lord Mei to retreat, he was still injured by the sword intent from Lord Mei's short sword. After retreating a few steps, Meng Chong's right shoulder spurted out a stream of brown blood!
Meng Chong tightly clutched his shoulder. Lord Mei's short sword contained a special power that could delay the healing of wounds. Thus, even if Meng Chong covered his wound, it was difficult to stop the bleeding.
"You … Yao Ye Clan, do you want to start a war with the demon race?" Meng Chong's face was filled with anger, but his heart was also filled with confusion. Were these two from the Yao Ye Clan crazy? They attacked without saying anything! Just what was the background of that woman called Xun?
"You dare to insult our king? Die!" Bai Huan said solemnly.
"Not to mention starting a war, even if we have to pay a huge price to wipe out your Twin Demon Holy Land, so what?" Lord Mei also said.
Crazy, they've all gone crazy, the Yao Ye Clan is full of crazy people …
This thought repeatedly echoed in Meng Chong's mind. At this moment, Meng Chong's heart was filled with extreme regret!
If he had known this would happen, he wouldn't have agreed to that junior called Mu Qingyang and allowed her to challenge Luo Zheng. If he had directly killed Luo Zheng, this wouldn't have happened!
Unfortunately, Meng Chong wasn't a prophet. He couldn't have predicted this. In fact, even Luo Zheng himself couldn't have predicted this …

Chapter 591
All of the living beings in the surroundings were silent, and all sorts of expressions could be seen on their faces.
From the moment Luo Zheng stepped onto the stage, most people, even the human race, felt that Luo Zheng was dead for sure!
With the human race's strength, they were unable to protect this genius. If they insisted on protecting Luo Zheng, they would drag down the entire Purple Heart Holy Land because of Luo Zheng.
When the battle ended, it was time for Meng Chong to make his move.
According to the demon race's personality, they would most likely compensate the human race with ten Saint artifacts after killing Luo Zheng, and these compensations would just be a way for the demon race to break the rules.
After challenging Moon Guardian, Meng Chong was prepared to make his move. However, the Demon Night Clan's god-level genius, Mu Qing Yang, who had been neck and neck with Moon Guardian in the 10th floor of the Sin Tower, suddenly wanted to challenge Luo Zheng.
Even Mu Qing Yang's appearance had only delayed the battle by a bit. Many of the humans present knew this, and so did the other races.
However, halfway through the battle, the situation had taken a 180-degree turn. A member of the Demon Night Clan had suddenly charged out from Luo Zheng's side, and it was actually the Demon Night Clan's' King '!
The entire situation had taken a sudden turn. The Demon Night Clan had originally acted as if this matter didn't concern them, and they didn't want to get involved. However, because of the appearance of the so-called 'King', their attitude had completely changed.
Zhao Fenqin and Zhou Zhuohe were completely stunned. They simply couldn't understand what was going on!
However, no matter what, since the Demon Night Clan had chosen to stand up at this time, it was naturally greatly beneficial to the human race. After all, the Demon Night Clan didn't lose to the demon race in the Sin Tower or outside the Cursed Lands!
Therefore, while they were in a daze, both of them revealed knowing smiles!
"I knew it, I knew it …" Xia Shuang muttered with an excited expression, and her cheeks were red.
She had always felt that Luo Zheng was very confident, as if everything was under his control. However, Xia Shuang didn't know where Luo Zheng's confidence came from!
Now, Xia Shuang understood. This was Luo Zheng's confidence!
However, while she understood, Xia Shuang was still somewhat confused.
Looking at Luo Zheng's expression, he seemed to be at a loss as to why the Sword Spirit had suddenly opened its mouth to speak. It seemed that he didn't know anything about it.
In other words, Luo Zheng had stumbled upon this matter by accident. It was also an unexpected incident. Luo Zheng should not have known about it before this.
With Xia Shuang's intelligence, she pays full attention to Luo Zheng. She can be considered to have seen through it.
However, if the relationship between his sword spirit and the king of the Night Demon Clan was purely accidental, then where did Luo Zheng's confidence come from when he fought with the Moon Guardian? Could it be that Luo Zheng didn't know that he was about to face the Demon Race's War Venerable, the seat controller Meng Chong?
In Xia Shuang's mind, this matter was like a mystery …
Of course, she didn't know that Luo Zheng's confidence didn't come from the Night Demon Clan. Instead, it came from the fact that Luo Zheng had obtained the recognition of the Sin Tower's artifact spirit. From a certain perspective, he could kick anyone out as he wished!
The atmosphere became more and more tense. It was as if the atmosphere had solidified. Even the whispers disappeared. Some of the more timid creatures were already preparing to leave the tenth floor.
It could be foreseen that if the Demon Race and the Night Demon Clan fought here, it would involve the many War Venerables on the upper floors of the Sin Tower. Then, the tenth floor would most likely become a battlefield!
"Looks like your Fiend Night Clan really does want to declare war on our Demon Race." Meng Chong stretched his arm, and the brown muscles on his shoulder rippled. The wound caused by Sir Mei's sword was instantly compressed, and the wound squirmed before it quickly stopped bleeding.
As soon as Meng Chong finished speaking, a group of Demon Race War Venerables majestically walked down from the eleventh floor's passageway!
When the creatures saw the Demon Race War Venerables, their expressions changed greatly. It seemed that they were really going to fight!
Once they fought, these Generals would definitely die without a burial ground!
However, under the eyes of so many War Venerables, no one dared to escape. Their legs were nailed to the ground as if they were filled with lead. The powerful auras released by the dozens of War Venerables caused the teeth of many weaker Generals to tremble.
"There are actually more than sixty Demon Race War Venerables coming down from the upper floors …" Someone counted carefully.
"The War Venerables at the front are all peak War Venerables. They are also the ten great War Venerables of the Demon Race. The ten seat controllers …" Someone else whispered.
"The one at the front is Meng Tian! He is the second seat controller out of the 128 seats! He is the strongest person in the Sin Tower! "
Some of these Demon Race War Venerables came from the eleventh, twelfth, and thirteenth floors …
However, the truly terrifying ones were the ten Demon Race War Venerables at the front. These ten Demon Race War Venerables were the strongest Demon Race War Venerables in the Sin Tower. Half of the twenty seat controllers of the Demon Race had actually come!
Among the ten Demon Race War Venerables, peak War Venerables Meng Tian was the leader!
Meng Tian was wearing a set of fiery red armor. There were fiery red lines on the armor, as if lava was flowing on the armor. Before he even came over, a scorching aura gushed out. It made people feel as if they were not facing a Demon Race War Venerables, but a volcano!
The Demon Race people were originally tall and mighty. When dozens of them moved over, it was like dozens of small mountains rushing over. It was also like a group of elephants trampling on the floor of the tenth floor. It made people wonder if the floor of the Sin Tower could withstand their footsteps. The huge aura made it hard for people to breathe.
"Meng Chong, what's the matter?" Meng Tian stopped walking and asked indifferently.
Meng Chong looked at Luo Zheng and said, "I wanted to kill that brat from the Human Race. Bai Huan and Mei from the Demon Night Clan tried to stop me and even injured me."
"Oh?" Meng Tian coldly stared at Bai Huan and Mei Mei and said indifferently, "It seems like your Demon Night Clan doesn't plan on coexisting peacefully with our Demon Race?"
Master Mei and Bai Huan's expressions were slightly unnatural. Although they were both peak War Venerables like Meng Tian and were also seat controllers, there were differences in strength between the 128 seats. Even though Master Mei was slightly stronger than Meng Chong, she was much weaker than Meng Tian.
However, that unnatural expression disappeared in the blink of an eye because Xun was behind them.
The Demon Night Clan's King was someone they would risk their lives to protect. As the saying goes, they would go through water and tread on fire, even ten thousand deaths. In order to protect their "King", they would even sell their souls, not to mention their lives!
"For the safety of our King, there is no room for negotiation!" Lady Mei said resolutely. A sharp aura was suddenly emitted from her body. It actually had the intention of overshadowing Meng Tian's aura!
"If that brat dies, we will let bygones be bygones," Meng Tian said.
"Our King is residing in that human's body, so he cannot die!" Master Mei's tone left no room for negotiation.
"Is that so? If that's the case, I can only offend you! " Meng Tian's eyes flashed. His figure flashed and he actually wanted to go around Master Mei and Bai Huan. His huge hands grabbed towards Luo Zheng.
"Meng Tian, you dare!"
"Stop!"
Bai Huan and Master Mei immediately became anxious. Their figures flashed and they wanted to stop Meng Tian. They thought that Meng Tian should have a lot of scruples against the Demon Night Clan, but they didn't expect Meng Tian to be so decisive! What exactly was Meng Tian relying on?
Bai Huan and Master Mei were also very puzzled as they tried to stop him!
Could it be that the Demon Clan had something else to rely on in the Sin Tower?
Facing the hands of a peak War Venerables, Luo Zheng's eyes flashed and he quickly retreated. Luo Zheng was brave, but he wasn't without strategy. With his current strength, he might be able to challenge an ordinary War Venerables. If he refined the Light of Creation on his chest, he could challenge a third or even fourth stage War Venerables. However, Meng Tian was a peak War Venerables, and one of the strongest peak War Venerables. Luo Zheng wasn't his opponent.
Therefore, when he saw Meng Tian move, Luo Zheng abruptly retreated!
"Brat, you, a mere warrior, want to escape from me?" Meng Tian's words had a hint of mockery.
At this moment, Bai Huan and Lord Mei had also surrounded Meng Tian. They were determined to stop him. As for Xun, the King of the Night Demon Clan, he was standing in the middle of the stage. He raised his black greatsword high into the air!
"Stellar Battle Body!"
Luo Zheng didn't dare to be careless. He instantly activated his Stellar Battle Body and punched out while retreating!
"Stellar Earthquake!"
＝＝＝＝＝

Chapter 592
Meng Tian revealed a disdainful smile when he saw that Luo Zheng actually dared to fight back while retreating.
"Creatures that are about to die often fight like trapped beasts. However, you can't be called a beast in front of me. You're just a grasshopper. Struggling is useless!"
Meng Tian was very decisive. In his opinion, the source of all this chaos was this human brat in front of him. As long as he killed Luo Zheng, he would be able to extinguish the Night Demon Clan's hopes. As for that so-called "King", even if he wanted to pursue the matter, the Demon Clan would be able to accept it.
Luo Zheng's fist released a faint starlight. Although the starlight was dim, it couldn't be erased.
Therefore, although the fist light didn't seem very powerful, it was actually far more powerful than an ordinary martial skill!
"Break." Meng Tian stretched out his thick hand and casually squeezed toward the starlight, wanting to crush the fist radiance that was radiating starlight.
But what Meng Tian didn't expect was that the moment he squeezed the fist light, a dazzling light blossomed from his right hand! That was the explosion of light when Luo Zheng's fist light collided with the vital essence in his hand!
A sharp pain came from his right hand.
Because of this, Meng Tian slowed down. He raised his right hand and looked at it strangely. It was already covered in cracks, and blood was flowing out from the cracks. He revealed an astonished expression and then laughed wildly, "Haha, a warrior can actually injure me, Meng Tian. Interesting, interesting!"
At this time, Luo Zheng had already retreated to the edge of the arena. Bai Huan and Lord Mei were blocking in front of Luo Zheng. As for "Xun", he couldn't hit Tian Tian with his sword. At this moment, his figure flashed and he leaned against Luo Zheng silently.
At the same time, Zhao Fenqin and Zhou Zhuohe glanced at each other and also flashed, arriving in front of Luo Zheng.
"You two human clowns actually dare to join in the fun. It seems like the humans don't want their seats in the Tower of Sin anymore." Meng Chong also walked onto the arena. Along with Meng Chong were the more than 60 Demon Clan War Reverends!
With so many War Venerable s of the Devil Clan surrounding them, the situation immediately changed!
Humans only had a total of four seats, and three of them were ranked below the 100th rank. Only one human seat was ranked 92nd. In the eyes of the demons, humans were like clowns.
Zhao Fenqin and Zhou Zhuohe didn't say anything. They had weighed the pros and cons before they dared to step forward.
They hadn't dared to act before this because they really didn't have the ability to resist the devil race. However, since the Yaowe Clan was standing in front of them now, there was no need for them to be afraid. The devil race was formidable in the Tower of Sin, but the Yaowe Clan wasn't weak as well!
Luo Zheng squinted his eyes and stared at Meng Tian, who was not far away. A smile suddenly appeared on his face as though he didn't think he was in a dangerous situation. He lightly said, "What? Were the seats of the Human Race given out by the Demon Race? Or do you think … that this Tower of Sin belongs to you demons? "
The Tower of Sin didn't belong to a single race. After the incident at the entrance, the various races on the Sea God's Continent had come to a consensus. That was why so many races had sent their geniuses to cultivate in the Tower of Sin!
Meng Tian waved his hand. He didn't want to waste his breath on Luo Zheng. So long as the War Venerables behind him swarmed forward, these human War Venerables and the Yaowe Clan's War Venerables would be torn apart in an instant!
Right at this moment, a clear and melodious voice resounded, "Right, the Tower of Sin doesn't belong to a single race! You demons seem to have done this without asking the other seat controllers! "
Right at this moment, a few dozen more people appeared at the entrance to the 11th floor. They were all members of the Yaowe Clan, and more than half of them were women. Only a few were handsome men from the Yaowe Clan.
Meng Tian turned around, and his face instantly sank. The War Venerables of the Yaowe Clan had arrived as well!
The Yaowe Clan had over a dozen seats at the top of the Tower of Sin. More importantly, the seat controllers of the Yaowe Clan were ranked relatively high. Moreover, the strongest seat controller of the 128 seats belonged to the Yaowe Clan. Meng Tian was only ranked 2nd.
The woman who spoke just now was the seat controller of the 1st seat, "Ling Yan".
Ling Yan led the War Venerables of the Yaowe Clan as she leisurely walked forward. A calm aura was released from her. Because of Meng Tian's aura, the living beings on the 10th floor were immersed in lava. However, at this moment, they felt a sense of vitality coming from Ling Yan. It was as if they were in the spring when the snow melted.
Ling Yan walked over with the Peak War Venerables of the Yaowe Clan. She looked around, then knelt down on one knee and bowed to Xun, "Greetings, my king!"
The Peak War Venerables knelt down at the same time.
Xun glanced at the Peak War Venerables and said, "Rise."
Then Ling Yan stood up and faced Meng Tian, "My king is my life. Meng Tian, perhaps you should reconsider!"
Although the Yaowe Clan's power had grown over the years and had surpassed the Twin Devil Holy Land, they weren't a bloodthirsty clan. Therefore, they had always been patient in the face of the aggressive Demon Clan. As long as the Demon Clan didn't go too far, the Yaowe Clan wouldn't push them too hard.
However, today was different. Because of Xun, the Yaowe Clan didn't give in at all. For example, Lady Mei told Meng Chong that they would destroy the Twin Devil Holy Land at all costs just for their king!
"Ling Yan, we're willing to give up 5 seats as long as that brat Luo Zheng dies." Meng Tian didn't want to waste time. His attack was blocked by Luo Zheng. Now that Ling Yan was here, he didn't have the chance to take Luo Zheng's life. He could only choose to negotiate.
5 seats was already a big concession.
The Demon Clan had 26 seats and the Yaowe Clan had 16. If the Demon Clan gave up 5 seats, then both sides would have 21 seats. The numbers would be almost equal!
With every extra seat, there would be 5 extra spots to enter the Mysterious Underworld Cave. This had a huge impact on the various clans.
The Human Clan had fought for so many years and only had 4 seats. However, the Demon Clan was offering 5 seats. This was the same as cutting off meat from the Demon Clan. This was already a big concession. Their goal was to exchange for Luo Zheng's life.
Hearing Meng Tian's conditions, Zhao Fenqin and Zhou Zhuohe became nervous again!
This was a very tempting condition!
Once the Yaowe Clan agreed to this condition, not only would Luo Zheng die, but the Human Clan would also be wiped out! The consequences would be unimaginable!
Zhao Fenqin and Zhou Zhuohe guessed correctly.
Meng Tian planned to wipe out the Human Clan. Although he would lose 5 seats, he would still be able to take back 4 seats from the Human Clan.
Ling Yan's pair of absolutely beautiful face suddenly revealed a trace of a helpless smile. Soon after, she faintly sighed, "Ai, how can I say it so that you guys can understand? Meng Tian, let me give you a simple example. If our Demon Queen wants our Demon Night Clan to commit suicide, then over a million members of our Demon Night Holy Land would offer their lives to her without hesitation. Do you understand now? "
The Yaowe Clan's reproductive ability was not strong. Although they were called a seventh rank Sacred Ground, there were only a million people in the entire Sacred Ground. However, the Yaowe Clan's members were born as Xiantian lifeforms. Every one of them was an elite! Thus, the battle strength of a million Yaowe Clan members was comparable to a hundred million human clansmen!
Ling Yan was not exaggerating.
Xun was like a spiritual totem in the Yaowe Clan. She had absolute authority. Even in the Upper Realm, Xun was the absolute ruler, let alone the people of the Lower Realm.
Hearing this, Meng Tian and the other peak War Reverends' expressions darkened.
"So you're saying that the Yaowe Clan is not going to give in?" Meng Tian said coldly.
"You can say that." Ling Yan nodded.
"So you're saying that the Demon Clan and the Yaowe Clan will definitely fight?" Meng Tian asked again.
"You can say that." Ling Yan nodded again.
"Hahahahaha …" Meng Tian suddenly raised his head and laughed wildly. His deep laughter echoed throughout the entire tenth floor. "It seems that your Yaowe Clan has risen to the point where you can move the Demon Clan!"
Ling Yan's brows wrinkled.
Bai Huan and Lord Mei frowned as well. Just now, Lord Mei and Bai Huan had suspected that the Demon Clan had left some sort of trump card in the Sin Tower.
Logically speaking, the Yaowe Clan in the Sin Tower was already stronger than the Demon Clan. Once the battle began, it was very likely that the Demon Clan's War Reverends would be wiped out. But in the Sacred Ground, the Yaowe Clan had Liu Yu. Even if the Twin Devil Sacred Ground started a war, they would not be able to take down the Skywing Sacred Ground of the Yaowe Clan!
At most, both sides would suffer heavy losses!
The Yaowe Clan had Liu Yu, so the Skywing Sacred Ground had a chance to rebuild. However, the Twin Devil Sacred Ground could not rebuild because they would have to face the crazy revenge of the other clans!
So what was Meng Tian's trump card? Or rather, what was the Demon Clan's trump card?
At this moment, Meng Tian suddenly said in a clear voice, "Patriarch Tianqiong! Patriarch Tianhui! It's time to help the Demon Clan! "
* Dong dong, dong dong … *
Another two Demon Clan members walked down from the 11th floor.
The aura released by these two Demon Clan members was 10 times stronger than Meng Tian's!
When Ling Yan saw the two Demon Clan members, she cried out involuntarily, "Tianqiong! Tianhui! Weren't the two of them dead? How … "
"War Saints! War Saints actually appeared in the Sin Tower! "Because someone was too shocked, he suddenly cried out as if he had seen a ghost.
Luo Zheng's heart sank when he saw the two Demon Race experts. The Demon Race actually had Battle Saints, and the Demon Night Clan didn't know about it at all. Why were Battle Saints able to enter the Cursed Lands and the Tower of Sin?
According to Fei 'er, it was impossible! Ling Yan's shocked expression also showed that this possibility was limitless and impossible!
The strongest people on the Sea God Continent were the Spirit Sea Realm!
Below the Spirit Sea Realm were War Saints. Below that were War Reverends, and below that were War Generals …
Every Holy Land only had a few Spirit Sea Realm powerhouses. The true backbone of the Holy Land was the War Saint powerhouses.
However, whether it was War Saints or the even stronger Spirit Sea Realm powerhouses, they were unable to enter the Cursed Lands. Anyone who entered would die. Ever since the Sin Tower appeared, this restriction had never disappeared!
It was because of this special characteristic of the Cursed Lands that all the major races had created a trend of creating transmission arrays. The vast majority of transmission arrays led to the Cursed Lands. To powerhouses below the War Saint realm, these transmission arrays were nothing more than ordinary transmission arrays!
But to War Saints and Divine Sea Realm powerhouses, they were nothing more than a trap to kill them!
In the past, many War Saints and a small number of Divine Sea Realm powerhouses were tricked into entering transmission arrays and were cursed to death by the Cursed Lands …
Later on, an unwritten rule appeared on the Sea God Continent. As long as one was a War Saint or Divine Sea powerhouse, one could not use a transmission array. Who knew where this transmission array would lead to? If one accidentally stepped into the Cursed Lands, their death would be too unjust!
But now, two War Saints had appeared in the Sin Tower. How could the peak War Reverends believe their eyes?
In the past, the Demon Night Clan and the Demon Race had also experimented with this.
This was to allow a peak War Saint to advance in the Sin Tower!
This was because one could not fight in the Cursed Lands. Once they did, they would also be cursed to death. But, there was no such restriction in the Sin Tower. Thus, the other races guessed that since War Saint powerhouses and Divine Sea Supreme Elders were unable to enter the Sin Tower, then wouldn't those War Saints be affected by the Cursed Lands if they advanced from War Saint to War Saint?
The results were startling.
The martial artists that had just advanced to War Saint weren't cursed to death by the Cursed Lands. But, after staying in the Sin Tower for 10 days, the power of the Cursed Lands began to slowly manifest itself. Finally, those several War Saints were cursed to death.
Perhaps it was because of the Tower of Sin, the few War Saints did not die so quickly. The War Saints who rashly barged into the Cursed Lands were cursed to death almost instantly, and the few War Saints who were promoted from the Peak War Saint slowly died. Their bodies were filled with pus, rotten stench, and they were tortured to death …
From then on, no other race's peak War Saints dared to make a breakthrough in the Sin Tower. Every time they wanted to make a breakthrough, they would choose to leave the Sin Tower and leave the Cursed Lands. But here … they would never be able to return.
Ling Yan and many other peak War Saints of the Demon Night Clan recognized Tianqiong and Tianhui!
In the past, these two Demon Race War Saints were also peak War Saints. Moreover, they were the seat controllers of the Demon Race! However, after the Profound Nether Cave opened, these two seat controllers had entered to search for lucky chances. Yet, they had actually died!
But, what they never imagined was that not only did these two people not die, but they actually broke through to become War Saint powerhouses and suddenly appeared in the Sin Tower. How could Ling Yan not be surprised? Why would the many Demon Night Clan members be surprised?
"It seems like the Demon Race already knew that they had this backing!" Bai Ye and Lord Mei instantly understood where Meng Chong's confidence came from. They also understood where Meng Tian's confidence came from.
"It's over, it's over …" Zhao Fenqin's face was filled with depression as he stared blankly at Zhou Zhuohe.
Zhou Zhuohe's expression was even more bitter than Zhao Fenqin's. His mouth was filled with a bitter taste. This was the tragedy of the human race. It wasn't easy for the Demon Night Clan to appear, but the Demon Race actually had two War Saints! He really didn't know how the Demon Race did it!
Could it be that the Demon Race had broken the curse of the Cursed Lands? That was impossible! The curse of the Cursed Lands had lasted for so many years. How could it be broken so easily!
However, the two War Saints in front of him were standing there like mountains, and it was an iron-like fact …
"Ling Yan, haha! You're still a peak War Saint! You didn't even dream that I would be back, right? "Tianqiong laughed loudly.
Ling Yan could have broken through to War Saint long ago, but the battle in the Sin Tower was too intense. Once she broke through, she would have to leave the Sin Tower. At that time, Meng Tian would become the strongest person in the Seat Controller. This was something that neither the Demon Night Clan nor the Sky Feather Sacred Ground wanted to see.
Thus, Ling Yan had been suppressing her cultivation. Unless the Demon Night Clan had a peak War Saint that could defeat Meng Tian, Ling Yan would choose to leave the Sin Tower, leave the Cursed Lands, and return to her own Demon Night Clan's sacred ground to break through.
When Ling Yan was a peak War Saint, Tianqiong and Tianhui were also peak War Saints. Furthermore, Tianqiong and Tianhui were in the Seat Controller rank after forty. They were far from being Ling Yan's match!
But now …
Tianqiong and Tianhui had both become War Saints, while she was still a peak War Saint.
How could Ling Yan's expression be good when her defeated opponent had surpassed her?
What was worse was that once these two War Saints appeared, the balance that was originally leaning towards the Demon Night Clan suddenly lost its balance and tilted towards the Demon Race. This was really troublesome!
"How did you do it? You've already become War Saints, so why are you still able to enter the Sin Tower? "Ling Yan asked.
"Hahaha!" Ancestor Tianqiong laughed loudly.
"Hahahaha!" Ancestor Tianhui also laughed loudly.
As for Meng Tian, Meng Chong, and the other peak War Saints, as well as all the Demon Race on the tenth floor of the Sin Tower, they also laughed loudly.
Before the incident, the Demon Race was at their peak, and the Sin Tower practically belonged to the Demon Race. However, after the incident, the Demon Race's situation deteriorated. Then, Liu Yu appeared out of nowhere, and the Heavenly Feather Sacred Ground soared into the sky. For the past hundred years, whether it was outside the Cursed Lands or inside the Sin Tower, the Demon Night Clan had suppressed the Demon Race everywhere!
Although the Demon Race was in great pain, they had no way to break out of this situation. Most of the time, they could only swallow their anger!
But today, they had two Battle-Saints in the Tower of Sin!
The strongest warrior in the Sin Tower was only a peak War Saint. A War Saint could sweep through the entire Sin Tower, let alone two War Saints.
This meant that the Sin Tower was once again under the control of the Demon Race!
Looking at the arrogant smiles of the Demon Race's peak War Saints and the complacent expressions of the two War Saints, Luo Zheng suddenly shook his head and took a deep breath. Then, he poured his True Essence into his chest and suddenly roared: "You guys who are as big as pigs, what are you laughing about! What's so great about being a War Saint? "
Many of the Demon Race's peak War Saints and the two War Saints only laughed happily. They didn't use their True Essence to intimidate everyone with their voices. However, Luo Zheng's voice that was filled with True Essence was extremely loud and clear, immediately covering all the laughter.

Chapter 593
The current situation was extremely disadvantageous for both the Yao Night Clan and Luo Zheng.
The Yao Night Clan originally had fewer peak War Reverends than the Demon Race, but because of their strength, they were slightly stronger than the Demon Race.
However, with the sudden appearance of two War Saints, both the Yao Night Clan and the human race were at an absolute disadvantage.
Even in this situation, Luo Zheng still dared to speak so arrogantly to the Demon Race. The first reaction of many creatures was, was this human brat crazy?
The smiles on Tian Qiong and Tian Hui's faces gradually faded, as did the smiles on the peak War Reverends of the Demon Race.
Today was the day the Demon Race laid all their cards on the table.
For War Saints to appear in the Sin Tower, the Demon Race's authority would greatly increase in the future.
Although outside the Cursed Land, the Twin Demon Sacred Lands were still unable to threaten the Yao Night Clan's Heavenly Feather Sacred Lands, at least there was no race in the Sin Tower that could resist the Demon Race!
"The human race's super genius Luo Zheng?" Tian Qiong asked with a sinister smile, "Do you think you can sit back and relax with the Yao Night Clan's protection? Or have your eyes been blinded and you can't see the situation in front of you? "
At this moment, even Ling Yan and the other peak War Reverends of the Yao Night Clan were looking at Luo Zheng with resentment.
Although they had no choice but to sacrifice their lives to protect Luo Zheng for the sake of "King", after all, Xun was still attached to Luo Zheng in the form of a sword spirit. However, the situation in front of them was completely different. Ling Yan was considering what price to pay to protect Luo Zheng.
However, once Luo Zheng said that, it would be very difficult for them to deal with the situation!
The appearance of two War Saints meant that the Demon Race had the right to speak in the Sin Tower!
Zhao Fenqin also asked Zhou Zhuohe with a True Yuan sound transmission, "What the hell is this brat doing? He shouldn't be such a stupid person! "
"Could it be that Luo Zheng has something else to rely on? Zhou Zhuohe was also at a loss. He couldn't understand why Luo Zheng was so arrogant.
Only Xia Shuang looked at Luo Zheng with burning eyes. She was very sure that Luo Zheng must have a hidden trump card!
Xia Shuang had already figured it out. The appearance of the Demon Night Clan girl named "Xun" was completely out of Luo Zheng's expectations! "Smoke" was not Luo Zheng's trump card.
Then what was Luo Zheng's real trump card? This trump card was so powerful that even the Battle-Saints of the Demon Race did not fear it?
Xia Shuang didn't understand, but she didn't need to think too much about it. She only knew that Luo Zheng could definitely turn the situation around!
"Luo Zheng, don't speak carelessly." For the sake of King's face, Ling Yan restrained her temper and turned her head to speak to the Demon Race: "Tianqiong, Tianhui, I don't care how you entered the Tower of Sin, but you can't kill Luo Zheng. If you dare to touch him, our Heavenly Feather Sacred Ground will definitely not let your Twin Demon Sacred Ground off. You should think carefully, I think we still have room for negotiation."
Ancestor Tianqiong lazily said: "Ling Yan, you might not understand the situation, but the room for negotiation is that brat must die! Then I want to see just how you will not let our Twin Demon Sacred Ground off! "
After saying that, Ancestor Tianqiong and Ancestor Tianhui's astral essence erupted from their bodies.
Just how ferocious were the auras of Battle-Saints?
When the astral essence of the two Battle-Saints surged, the faces of the Demon Night Clan's peak Battle-Saints immediately dimmed. It seemed that a battle with the Demon Race was unavoidable.
Previously, the Demon Night Clan did not fear the Demon Race, but now that two Battle-Saints had appeared, the situation was completely different.
At this moment, Luo Zheng laughed again. Across the crowd, Luo Zheng suddenly pointed at the two Battle-Saints of the Demon Race, "What a pity. Although the two of you are Battle-Saints, and you even went through untold hardships to enter the Tower of Sin, you are about to die!"
At this critical moment, Luo Zheng actually said such words. Everyone's face revealed a puzzled expression. Could it be that Luo Zheng could really deal with these two Battle-Saints?
"Luo Zheng, do you know what you're talking about?" Ling Yan asked.
Luo Zheng nodded and straightforwardly replied: "Of course!"
"Are you sure you can deal with two Battle-Saints?" Ling Yan asked curiously.
Luo Zheng faintly smiled, but did not directly answer.
At this time, Xun was still indifferently standing beside Luo Zheng, not saying a word. As a sword spirit, she was attached to Luo Zheng's body, so she was very clear about what Luo Zheng had experienced in the Talent Stele.
Just as Ling Yan was puzzled, Luo Zheng suddenly pointed at the two Battle-Saints of the Demon Race and coldly said: "You two, get out of the Tower of Sin!"
Luo Zheng had obtained the recognition of the Demi-Immortal Clan, so the Artifact Spirit would naturally follow Luo Zheng's words.
It was at this moment that everyone felt an invisible fluctuation suddenly appear in the space of the 10th floor!
This fluctuation did not seem to come from any living creature, but from the Tower of Sin itself!
At the same time, the wall on one side of the arena constantly shook, and a huge hole suddenly appeared in the thick wall!
Seeing this scene, the two Battle-Saints of the Firmament Ancestor and Heavenly Splendor Ancestor's complexion suddenly changed.
Although they could stay in the Tower of Sin for a short period of time, this did not mean that they could resist the power of the curse of the Cursed Land. So as long as they stepped into the Cursed Land, they would be instantly killed by the curse!
After the wall cracked, the Cursed Land was outside the Tower of Sin. Once they entered the Cursed Land, they would undoubtedly die!
Not to mention Battle-Saints, even Divine Sea Realm experts would die!
When Heavenly Mist Immortal returned to the Central Domain as an Immortal, he was also unable to enter the Cursed Land to obtain the important inheritance. This meant that even Immortals could not resist the power of the curse!
Therefore, when they saw the intense crack, the two Battle-Saints of the Demon Clan had a bad premonition!
Just as the two Battle-Saints of the Demon Clan were feeling nervous, the invisible force swept past everyone's heads and suddenly transformed into two giant hands that grabbed Patriarch Firmament and Patriarch Heavenly Splendor, dragging them towards the crack!
"What is this!"
"Let go of me!"
After being wrapped up by that force, the two Battle-Saints of the Demon Clan continued to struggle!
Incomparably turbulent astral essence erupted from their bodies, wanting to break free from that pair of invisible hands!
A Battle-Saint Realm expert's strength was equivalent to a Life and Death Realm expert in the Central Domain. However, even though the two of them struggled with all their might, they were still unable to break free from the shackles of that pair of large hands.
Many creatures' faces were filled with shock. If even a Battle-Saint Realm expert was unable to break free from that invisible force, then the many Peak Battle-Saints present would probably have no room to resist!
No wonder that brat had such a fearless expression. He seemed to be controlling this Tower of Sin!
These races had not studied the Tower of Sin for a day or two. They had also thoroughly studied the characteristics of the various Divine Artifacts of the Tower of Sin.
Many creatures believed that the Tower of Sin was actually a living creature that had its own consciousness!
Over the years, this tower had absorbed the blood of countless warriors, swallowed countless weapons, and even the corpses of many warriors.
However, up until now, no one had come into contact with the consciousness of this Tower of Sin …
Now it seemed that Luo Zheng had most likely come into contact with the consciousness of this tower, and even obtained the recognition of that consciousness?
The mystery was very likely to occur in the Talent Stele!
Many creatures had guessed the mystery behind it.
Their guesses were actually not far from the truth, but even if they guessed it, it didn't mean much. The Talent Stele had always been there, and over the years, how many people's names had been able to enter the first row? Other than Yun Luo and Luo Zheng, there was not a single one!
And Luo Zheng had even obtained the title of "Heaven Rank" …
This honor was not something that could be obtained so easily.
The two invisible hands dragged the two Demon Clan War Saints towards the crack. As for the other Peak War Saints, such as Meng Tian, Meng Chong, and the other Demon Clan members, they could only watch.
At this time, they seemed to be unable to do anything.
If the two hands were dragging a Peak War Saint, it would be fine, but they would only be thrown out of the Tower of Sin. A Peak War Saint would not be harmed by the curse when he entered the Cursed Lands.
However, if a War Saint were to enter the Cursed Lands, he would definitely die!
Very quickly, the two Demon Clan War Saints were thrown out of the Tower of Sin.
The entire Tower of Sin was buried deep underground, so the outside of the tenth floor of the Tower of Sin was a layer of soil. After the two invisible thugs threw the War Saints out, they continued to drag the two War Saints up!
In the end, they drilled through the thick layer of soil and threw the two War Saints to the surface.
Patriarch Tianqiong and Patriarch Tianhui stood beside the Tower of Sin and looked at each other. Both of them had a terrified expression on their faces.
The Demon Clan War Saints, who had been extremely proud just a moment ago, now felt that the God of Death was slowly approaching them!
"Charge in!"
As long as they could enter the Tower of Sin, they still had a chance of survival. The power of the curse did not appear in an instant!
At this moment, the two Demon Clan War Saints erupted with all the astral essence in their bodies and rushed towards the entrance of the Tower of Sin.
The two Giants guarding the gate saw the two balls of light rapidly approaching. The power that erupted from the balls of light was far beyond their imagination. How could they still dare to stand by the gate? They hurriedly ran to the side!
Just as Tianqiong and Tianhui were charging, many black spots had already appeared on the surface of their bodies!
＝＝＝＝＝

Chapter 594
The two Battle-Saints charged towards the Sin Tower's entrance at an extremely fast speed.
Although the Sin Tower's entrance wasn't open, the two Battle-Saints had already pushed their astral essence to the limit. What kind of impact was this?
Not to mention the Sin Tower's entrance, even the walls of the Sin Tower would be smashed open!
"Clang!"
The Sin Tower's entrance was instantly smashed into pieces. The two Battle-Saints had already charged into the first floor of the Sin Tower.
Aside from the tenth floor of the Sin Tower and above, the warriors and Battle-Generals below had no idea what was happening on the upper floors.
On the first floor of the Sin Tower, an intense battle was unfolding.
A warrior from the Night Clan was currently fighting against a warrior from the Giant Clan!
The Night Clan warrior was skilled in assassination and concealment techniques, so his figure was extremely agile. He constantly circled around the Giant Clan warrior, waiting for an opportunity to deliver a fatal blow!
However, the Giant Clan warrior waved a black iron club in his hand, completely protecting himself without any openings …
Just as the two Battle-Saints were facing off, the warriors of various races suddenly heard a shocking sound coming from the entrance. They saw two Demon Clan warriors standing in the hall of the Sin Tower's first floor.
Many living beings sized him up, and their eyes were filled with fear!
"What is the strength of these two Demon Clan warriors? Why can't I see through them? "
"They, they seem to be Demon Clan Battle-Saints?"
"Two years ago, I saw a peak Demon Clan Battle-Saint, but he didn't give me this much pressure. I'm afraid these two are Battle-Saints!"
"Bullshit! Can Battle-Saints enter the cursed lands? They'll probably be cursed to death as soon as they step into the cursed lands! "
Many warriors looked at the two Demon Clan Battle-Saints and discussed.
Tian Hui and Tian Qiong's astral essence was too violent. Even though they were Battle-Saints, under the stimulation of their body refining techniques, their bodies were incomparably powerful, but they were still panting heavily.
"So, so close …" Tian Hui gasped as he spoke.
"The power of the cursed lands isn't as strong as I imagined …" Tian Qiong turned his head to look at Tian Hui. His face suddenly revealed a terrified expression as he stuttered, "You, you …"
"What's wrong with me?" Tian Hui looked up at the sky in confusion. His face was also filled with fear.
Large patches of black spots kept appearing on their faces. Some places had already cracked, and black pus was flowing out …
The power of the curse finally manifested at this moment.
All of a sudden, the bodies of the two demon battle-sages began to collapse. First, it was their skin, then their flesh and blood, and then their bones...
Their bodies, which were originally like small mountains, were now like melting snowmen. As they screamed in pain, they quickly disintegrated!
In the end, it turned into a pool of dirty blood on the ground …
This scene gave the Demon Race fighters on the first floor a fright.
"What, what's going on?"
"What else could it be? You are right, these two Demon Clansmen are not Peak war elder, they are at least War Sage level people, they … They were cursed to death!
"It's still not right! How did these two people pass through the Cursed Land and enter the Tower of Sin? "
Even if they used the teleportation array, they were still quite a distance away from the Tower of Sin. The Cursed Land was not small. If they were War Sage level existences, they would have been cursed to death not long after entering the Cursed Land. Why did it only activate now?
Many fighters couldn't understand this either!
At this moment, the gap in the wall on the tenth floor of the Tower of Sin was like the mouth of a monster. It crazily wriggled and quickly closed up.
The scene was still silent, but every living being had an expression of disbelief on their faces.
Ling Yan gave a look to the side, and a Demon Night clan general floated out like the wind towards the entrance of the ninth floor of the Tower of Sin. Clearly, he wanted to go upstairs to gather information.
Meng Tian also instructed a junior of the Demon Race to climb up to the first floor of the Tower of Sin.
At this moment, the Peak war elders of the Demon Race were the most nervous …
Meng Tian was very clear that Tian Qiong and Tian Hui were not truly immune to the curse of the Cursed Land. Instead, the Demon Race had thought of a way to keep War Sages in the Tower of Sin!
The Tower of Sin itself could counteract a portion of the curse of the Cursed Land. In the past, when a Peak war elder of the Demon Race broke through to the War Sage level, he lived in the Tower of Sin for a month before being cursed to death.
In theory, if the Tower of Sin had a teleportation array, the War Sages and Divine Sea Realm experts of the various races could temporarily stay in the Tower of Sin. As long as they used the teleportation array to leave within a month, they would be able to safely return to their race's Sacred Land.
However, due to the Tower of Sin's characteristics, it was impossible to draw a teleportation array in the Tower of Sin. This was because the Tower of Sin could devour everything except living beings. All sorts of weapons, corpses, and so on, as long as they were left in the Tower of Sin for a period of time, they would be absorbed by the Tower of Sin.
Some races naturally thought of setting up a teleportation array in the Tower of Sin. However, the teleportation array would be devoured by the Tower of Sin before it could be set up …
Thus, using teleportation arrays to bring in War Sages and Divine Sea Realm experts was not feasible.
However, ten years ago, the Demon Race thought of another method.
That year, during the month when the Mysterious Underworld Deathray in the Mysterious Underworld Cave was greatly weakened, many of the Seat Controllers at the top of the Tower of Sin led their own clansmen to explore the Mysterious Underworld Cave.
At that time, Tian Hui and Tian Qiong were two of the Seat Controllers of the Demon Race.
After a month of exploration, regardless of whether or not they obtained any opportunities, all living beings had to return to the Tower of Sin. If they did not return by then, they would never be able to return.
The power of the Mysterious Underworld Deathray was not something that a War Sage could withstand.
However, at that time, Tian Hui and Tian Qiong unexpectedly discovered a secret passage at the top of the Tower of Sin.
This secret passage was not large and could only fit two people. Moreover, it was just enough to avoid the Mysterious Underworld Deathray.
Through this secret passage, Tian Qiong and Tian Hui did not return to the Tower of Sin. Instead, they hid in the secret passage and cultivated!
Even among the Demon Race, only the ten peak War Sages knew about this trump card. In the Twin Demon Holy Land, only a few of the Demon Race's upper echelons knew about it. The two of them had always hidden in the secret passage and cultivated as their trump card.
Now that the Demon Race and the Demon Night Clan had a huge conflict, it was naturally time for the Demon Race to reveal their trump card!
Once the two War Sages took action, the Demon Night Clan's Ling Yan and the other peak War Sages would not be enough. The Demon Race would have an overwhelming advantage.
However, they never expected that Luo Zheng would use some strange method to directly throw the two War Sages out of the Tower of Sin …
This scene was destined to become a nightmare that repeatedly played out in the minds of the peak War Sages of the Demon Race.
As for Zhao Fenqin and Zhou Zhuohe, the two peak War Sages of the Human Race, they had extremely excited expressions on their faces.
Luo Zheng's trump card after trump card was completely out of their expectations. They were shocked again and again. When they finally accepted the fact that they couldn't accept, Luo Zheng created an even bigger miracle! Translator's Thoughts Lam _ Lam _ Lam _ Lam _ Lam _ Lam _ Lam _ Lam _ Lam _ Lam _
So many miracles repeatedly stimulated the nerves of Zhao Fenqin, Zhou Zhuohe, Xia Shuang, Xing Hui, and many others, causing their nerves to become numb.
At this time, even if someone told them that Luo Zheng was a savior sent by the Heavens to save them, they would still believe it with numb faces and passively accept this fact because they no longer knew how to think.
After all, the Demon Race sending out two War Sages was already an inconceivable matter, but Luo Zheng waved his hand and told them to scram, and they really did. If this was not the savior of the Human Race, then what was?
In a corner of the arena, Xia Shuang's eyes were filled with tears. This man had already become an omnipotent existence in her heart, a perfect existence!
Before this, Xia Shuang's heart had a trace of admiration for Luo Zheng, but now, the admiration in Xia Shuang's heart had disappeared with a loud bang and was completely replaced by worship.
After a while, the people Ling Yan and Meng Tian sent to inquire about the situation returned.
After the two of them reported the situation through True Essence Sound Transmission, Ling Yan's face revealed a faint smile, while Meng Tian's face was full of disappointment.

Chapter 595
Ling Yan looked at Luo Zheng with deep meaning.
With Luo Zheng's god-like methods, even without the Yao Night Clan, the Demon Race couldn't do anything to him.
At this moment, she even felt a trace of luck. Fortunately, he was by "King's" side. It was because of this that the Yao Night Clan didn't become enemies with him.
If "King" wasn't by his side, even if the Yao Night Clan and the Demon Race worked together, they wouldn't be able to do anything to Luo Zheng!
Ling Yan's gaze finally stopped on Meng Tian and said indifferently, "Meng Tian, do you still want to kill Luo Zheng?"
The corner of Meng Tian's eyes twitched and his expression became very unsightly. After a long time, he spat out a word, "Let's go!"
Without the two Battle-Saints, the Demon Race would not be able to gain the upper hand against the Yao Night Clan. Furthermore, there was still Luo Zheng. Even a Battle-Saint would not be able to resist his attack, let alone these Peak Battle-Saints!
Many Peak Battle-Saints of the Demon Race also turned their heads and prepared to leave with Meng Tian.
Meng Chong stared at Luo Zheng. He was clearly just a human Tenth Level Battle-Saint. He originally thought that he could easily kill this little guy, but he actually caused so many Peak Battle-Saints to return in defeat. If this guy wasn't eliminated, he would definitely become a hidden danger!
But how?
No one could give Meng Chong an answer. This youth's faint smile seemed to be a forced calmness, but in Meng Chong's eyes, it was unfathomable!
In the end, Meng Chong could only clench his teeth and leave with Meng Tian.
Some warriors with foresight understood that the wind in the Tower of Sin was about to change. The 128 seats on the top floor of the Tower of Sin were about to be reshuffled.
The Demon Race's bodies were as large as mountains. After the Demon Race Battle-Saints left, the tenth floor of the Tower of Sin was somewhat empty.
At this time, Ling Yan asked, "Luo Zheng, how did you do it?"
Easily throwing two Battle-Saints of the Demon Race out of the Tower of Sin, and the two Battle-Saints didn't even have the strength to fight back.
"You don't need to ask," Xun suddenly said indifferently.
Hearing Xun's words, Ling Yan immediately nodded. "Understood, my king."
Everyone had their own secrets. If she was alone with Luo Zheng, Ling Yan would probably be very interested in knowing the truth. But since the king did not allow Ling Yan to ask, then Ling Yan naturally would not speak out of turn.
The Demon Clan's Peak War Reverend left, and Ling Yan also ordered the Demon Night Clan's Peak War Reverend to leave. Only then did the generals on the tenth floor of the Sin Tower begin to whisper to each other.
Xun looked at Luo Zheng and said, "Go to the Sky Feather Holy Land. I have something important to do."
"Can you wait a little longer? I'll go after I've completely refined the Light of Creation, "Luo Zheng said.
"Sure!"
After Xun finished speaking, he lifted his gaze slightly and looked at Yun Luo who was in the audience.
Yun Luo had been quietly observing everything in the arena from the beginning to the end. Her expression did not change at all from the beginning to the end. Now, when Xun and Yun Luo looked at each other, their eyes flickered slightly.
Then, Xun walked toward Yun Luo.
"I know you," Xun said calmly.
Xun's body constantly emitted an invisible aura. This aura did not come from the soul. Instead, it was the aura of a king that had been nurtured for countless years.
Facing this aura, a slightly weaker creature would not be able to resist kneeling on the ground in front of Xun. However, Yun Luo did not seem to be affected by this aura at all. She still said calmly, "I know, I also know you."
"I hope you can succeed," Xun said something inexplicable.
Yun Luo blinked and looked at Xun, "If I can succeed, I'll help you."
"Thank you," Xun nodded and unexpectedly revealed a trace of a smile.
The conversation between the two was inexplicable and completely confusing. However, Luo Zheng, who was standing on the side, heard some mysteries.
According to Fei 'er, the king of the Demon Night Clan was not from this world. Instead, he came from the upper world and was the king of all the Demon Night Clan!
Since Xun and Yun Luo knew each other, then Yun Luo should also have come from the upper world. The two of them should have known each other in the upper world.
However, why was there a Yun Luo in the Central Domain and another Yun Luo in the Sea God Continent? It seemed that he could only find an opportunity to ask Yao Ye this question.
After speaking with Yun Luo, Xun said to Ling Yan, "After Luo Zheng refines the Light of Creation, we'll go to the Heavenly Feather Sacred Land."
Ling Yan, Bai Huan, and Lord Mei bowed towards Xun and said in unison, "As our king commands!"
Afterwards, Xun suddenly turned into red specks of light and entered Luo Zheng's body.
After Luo Zheng put away the Saint Tier sword he threw out, he walked towards Xia Shuang again.
Before he even got close, a warm smile had already appeared on Xia Shuang's face. It was as if she was looking at a human hero returning in triumph.
"Thank you," Luo Zheng said to Zhao Fenqin and Zhou Zhuohe.
Actually, the appearance of Zhao Fenqin and Zhou Zhuohe, the two leaders of the Human Race, did not change the situation at all. However, the Human Race still stepped forward bravely at his most dangerous moment and tried their best to protect him!
Luo Zheng naturally had to thank them. Now, Luo Zheng would definitely give the Human Race a push.
If they were as arrogant as Xing Hui and did not come out when he was in danger and only treated him as one of the Human Race when there were benefits, then Luo Zheng would not appreciate it at all and would not care about the status of being part of the Human Race!
"We're all part of the Human Race. This is what we should do." Zhou Zhuohe suddenly said, "Unfortunately, the Human Race is too weak and cannot fight against the Devil Race. Even if we wanted to step forward just now, we were powerless."
"It's not your fault. It's already difficult for you to be willing to step forward at this time." Luo Zheng shook his head.
If Luo Zheng was really killed, the Demon Night Clan would not be in too much trouble. The Human Race would be in the most trouble. They would definitely have to face the crazy revenge of the Devil Race. The humans in the Sin Tower would suffer, and even the Purple Heart Holy Land would be implicated. The Devil Race might even use this opportunity to completely wipe out the Human Holy Land. For the Twin Demon Holy Land, this was not too difficult. They just had to deal with the few Divine Sea Realm old monsters of the Purple Heart Holy Land.
"I'll make a trip to the Purple Heart Holy Land, but before that, I'm afraid I'll have to go to the Demon Night Clan's Heavenly Feather Holy Land first. Let's talk about it when I come back." Luo Zheng smiled and made a promise.
Hearing Luo Zheng's words, a trace of gratitude appeared in the hearts of the two Peak War Elder s. To think that a War Elder would be so grateful to a Warrior, this was something that was unprecedented …
The two of them clearly understood the meaning behind Luo Zheng's words. Since Luo Zheng had already reached this step, he should be leading the Human Race to rise. Although only two Demon Battle Saints had died today, they believed that in the near future, the entire Sin Tower would be reshuffled!
Then Luo Zheng turned around and left. He wanted to rent a cultivation room to slowly cultivate.
Seeing Luo Zheng's back slowly leave, Xia Shuang wanted to say something, but when the words reached her mouth, she was suddenly speechless. In the end, she did not say anything.
In the cultivation room, Luo Zheng sat quietly. Suddenly, a helpless smile appeared on his face.
He suddenly realized that his body was very crowded. Not only were there nine True Dragons in his mind, there was also a mysterious furnace of unknown origin. The Sword Spirit in his body was actually the "King" of the Demon Night Clan, and it also had its own consciousness …
This was really lively!
After shaking his head, Luo Zheng took out the Light of Creation from his nameplate and began to slowly refine it.
Yue Shou and Mu Qing Yang were the strongest among the tenth level Battle Generals. In the previous battles, the two of them had not tasted defeat. The amount of Light of Creation in their nameplates was not an ordinary amount!
When Luo Zheng took out the Light of Creation, the blazing white light was unimaginably dense!
"With so much Light of Creation, I should be able to break through!"
Thinking of this, Luo Zheng's True Yuan suddenly circulated. Traces of True Yuan continuously refined the Light of Creation and poured it into Luo Zheng's body …
Three days later, Luo Zheng left the cultivation room. When Luo Zheng came out again, Mu Qing Yang, who was standing at the entrance of the cultivation room, gave him a bright smile.
The Demon Night Clan was waiting for Luo Zheng to come out.
Of course, the Demon Night Clan was not interested in Luo Zheng himself, but the sword spirit within Luo Zheng's body, Xun.
Luo Zheng nodded and said to Mu Qing Yang, "Let's go."
Although Luo Zheng's time was tight, since he promised to take Xun to the Heavenly Feather Sacred Land, he would naturally do it.
Moreover, there was still some time before the Mysterious Underworld Cave opened. Even if Luo Zheng wanted to return to the Central Domain, he would have to enter the Mysterious Underworld Cave and obtain the inheritance within. Therefore, Luo Zheng still had plenty of time.
Under Mu Qing Yang's lead, Luo Zheng returned to the first floor of the Sin Tower. After waiting at the entrance for a while, Ling Yan, who was ranked first among the seat controllers, came over with two peak War Reverends.
After the few of them met up, they left the Sin Tower and headed south of the Cursed Lands.
Flying was forbidden in the Cursed Lands. If one tried to fly by force, there would be a terrifying force pressing down on them. When Luo Zheng had just entered the Sin Tower, he had also suffered from this. Therefore, they could only choose to walk.
However, with the strength of their legs, they managed to cover quite a distance after a few hours. Soon, a large teleportation array appeared in front of them.
Mu Qingyang was the first to step forward. He took out True Origin Stones from his pocket and placed them on the Teleportation Array. After the True Origin Stones were placed, the entire Teleportation Array suddenly burst into light.
"Let's go in." Ling Yan nodded to Luo Zheng.
Luo Zheng immediately stepped into the teleportation formation. He naturally knew that this was the teleportation formation that led to the Demon Night Clan's Heavenly Feather Sacred Land.
Then, a blue light enveloped Luo Zheng and the few of them continuously traveled through the teleportation formation. After an incense stick's worth of time, they reached the end of the teleportation formation. When the light dissipated, Luo Zheng smelled a faint fragrance of flowers.
The scenery here was very different from the Cursed Lands.
In the Cursed Lands, other than the various races, there was no life. Here, there were emerald green jungles everywhere. All kinds of plants grew luxuriantly, and colorful flowers bloomed regardless of season. It was as beautiful as a paradise on earth.
When Luo Zheng raised his head, he saw a huge tree in the distance.
"That tree is …" Luo Zheng asked.
"It's our Demon Night Clan's Sacred Tree. Every Demon Night Clan's Sacred Land will nurture a Sacred Tree," Mu Qing Yang explained with a smile.
The Demon Night Clan's reproduction method was completely different from what Luo Zheng had imagined. After the Demon Night Clan's members were born, they would be placed in the Sacred Tree and rely on the Sacred Tree to absorb the essence of heaven and earth. The Demon Night Clan's members who slowly grew in the Sacred Tree had stronger physiques than other clans. Moreover, from the moment they were born, there were no impurities in their bodies. They were natural born Xiantian lifeforms.
This was the reason why the Demon Night Clan's members were much stronger than other clans.
However, in the Great Thousand World, there was a delicate balance. The Demon Night Clan's members were strong, but their reproduction ability was very weak. Even though the Heavenly Feather Sacred Land was called a Rank Seven Sacred Land, there were only about a million Demon Night Clan members in the entire Sacred Land.
As for the human Purple Heart Sacred Land, it had just entered the Rank Six Sacred Land, but its population was a hundred times more than the Demon Night Clan's!
At that moment, the red light beside Luo Zheng flashed. Specks of light slowly condensed and Xun's figure slowly took shape.
When Xun appeared, Mu Qing Yang, Ling Yan, and the others seemed to reflexively kneel in front of her.
Seeing this scene, Luo Zheng was speechless. Did they have to keep kneeling like this?
Xun didn't pay attention to them at all. She just looked at the Sacred Tree in the distance and said indifferently, "Get up." Then she said to Luo Zheng, "Let's go!"
Then Luo Zheng jumped up and sped through the air with Xun.
As for Ling Yan, Mu Qing Yang, and the others, they also flew up and followed behind.
During the flight, Luo Zheng suddenly approached Xun and asked, "You … How do you know Yun Luo?"
Xun glanced at Luo Zheng indifferently and answered, "Because I know her."
Luo Zheng rolled his eyes and could only ask again, "I've seen another Yun Luo in the Central Domain. They look exactly the same. What's going on? Are they the same person? "
"Yes." Xun nodded. "Yes, they are the same person."
"But …" Luo Zheng was about to say something.
Xun continued, "There are many cultivation methods in the Upper Realm. Some of them may seem inconceivable to you, but there's actually more than one Yun Luo. If you look carefully in the Lower Realm, you might be able to find a million Yun Luos."
"A million Yun Luos?" Hearing Xun's words, Luo Zheng's mouth gaped open.
Xun nodded and said, "Maybe I've underestimated her. Moreover, these million Yun Luos are indeed her."
"What's going on?" Luo Zheng asked curiously.
"It's very simple. It's because Yun Luo used a special secret method to sever millions of swords on herself. She divided her soul into millions of parts, and then divided them into many Upper Realms to cultivate and accumulate combat experience and experience." Xun said indifferently, "At a specific time, Yun Luo will retrieve all her clones. At that time, Yun Luo's cultivation will grow to a terrifying level!"
These words once again made Luo Zheng speechless.
No wonder …
When he first met Yun Luo in White Emperor City in the Eastern Region, Yun Luo had been constantly killing demons to gain experience.
And Yun Luo, who was in the Tower of Sin, was constantly fighting in the arena. Yun Luo had so many Light of Creation, but she never tried to refine them. Her cultivation had been maintained at the level of a tenth-level warlord, as if it would never improve!
Unexpectedly, these were all Yun Luo's clones …
With so many clones cultivating at the same time and then retrieving them at the same time, how much experience could they accumulate?
Luo Zheng found it hard to imagine. He could only sigh at how big the world was. There were simply too many geniuses in the Upper Realm. They were actually able to come up with such an unimaginable cultivation method.
Flying was naturally several times faster than walking. Although the Holy Tree looked very far away, they arrived in an incense stick's worth of time.
The Heavenly Feather Holy Land had probably received the news in advance. Many members of the Yao Night Clan were standing on top of the Holy Tree, waiting for them.
At the end of the Holy Tree's thickest trunk, a crimson carpet was laid out along the trunk. At the end of the carpet, there was a Yao Night Clan woman wearing purple clothes, standing there quietly.
Even though Luo Zheng was thousands of feet away from the woman, Luo Zheng could still feel the aura she emitted!
That aura was not overbearing, but it made people feel incomparably heavy. Even compared to the Battle Sages of the Demon Race and Cui Xie, who was at the Life and Death Realm, this aura was countless times stronger!

Chapter 596
Divine Sea Realm experts were peak existences in the Great Thousand Worlds!
Once they reached the Life and Death Realm or the Battle Saint realm, they would become a threat to the stability of the Great Thousand Worlds if their strength increased any further. Thus, they would encounter a 'Great Tribulation of Life and Death'!
The so-called 'Great Tribulation of Life and Death' was actually the punishment of the Great Thousand Worlds after the Great Thousand Worlds sensed danger!
After reaching the Divine Sea Realm, the punishment of the Great Thousand Worlds would no longer be able to restrain such experts, so they would be expelled. This was called 'Ascension in Broad Sky'.
However, there were still certain conditions for a Spirit Sea Realm warrior to ascend to the Upper World. Tian Yu's talent was amazing. It only took her a little more than two hundred years to cultivate from a Xiantian Realm warrior to a Spirit Sea Realm warrior. For her, ascension was still far away.
After Luo Zheng and Xun landed on the thick branch, the huge Holy Tree began to shake.
The Holy Tree was as large as a castle, and it shook like the mountains were shaking. At the same time, Liu Yu knelt down on one knee and said softly, "Welcome, my Queen."
Xun nodded calmly even in the face of a Divine Sea Realm expert's kowtow. Her expression didn't change at all, as if everything was natural.
After Liu Yu knelt down, the other Divine Sea Realm experts behind Liu Yu also knelt down. The Battle Saints of the Yao Night Clan on the other branches also knelt down.
On the Holy Tree, over a hundred thousand Yao Night Clan members knelt down at the same time!
Every single Yao Night Clan member had an incomparably pious expression on their faces.
The three 'Kings' of the Yao Night Clan were supreme existences to all Yao Night Clan members. In the millions of lower realms, the Yao Night Clan had countless Holy Lands, but the three Kings of the Yao Night Clan rarely visited the Yao Night Clan in person!
For Xun to visit the Heavenly Feather Holy Land in person, she was a supreme existence to all Yao Night Clan members!
The shaking of the Holy Tree continued to intensify, and the thick branches began to shake violently. However, Luo Zheng felt a great attraction force coming from the branches of the Holy Tree, and his feet were firmly attached to it. No matter how the Holy Tree shook, it wouldn't throw him off.
While the Holy Tree was shaking, a clearly visible vein appeared on the branches of the Holy Tree. Green rays of light followed the vein and converged on the trunk of the Holy Tree. Finally, the green rays of light continued to climb along the trunk, and finally all the green rays of light were transmitted to the branch where Luo Zheng was.
When it reached the end of the branch, the light gushed out and enveloped Smoky.
"This is …" Luo Zheng opened his mouth wide.
"This is the life force of the Sacred Tree," Mu Qingyang explained.
"Hualala …"
While the Light of Life was constantly being extracted, the originally lush green leaves on the Holy Tree were withering at a speed visible to the naked eye, falling to the ground in disarray.
It was as if spring had just arrived, and in the blink of an eye, spring had arrived!
Luo Zheng noticed that it wasn't just the huge Holy Tree that was withering. Many of the plants around the Holy Tree were also withering and turning yellow.
"If we extract the life force of the Holy Tree like this, then won't the Holy Tree also …" Looking at the withering Holy Tree, Luo Zheng was stunned.
Mu Qingyang didn't find it strange and said, "The life force of the Holy Tree is indeed very precious, and we rarely extract it. We only extract a small amount every year when we bring the newborn babies to the Holy Tree. However, our King's soul in your Sword Spirit is extremely weak, and he also suffered quite a bit of damage. This time, we will extract 90% of the Holy Tree's life force."
Seeing Luo Zheng's shocked expression, Mu Qingyang continued to smile and said, "It's alright, the Holy Tree's life force is very strong, and it won't wither because of this. It will completely recover in two or three years at most."
"So it's like that." Luo Zheng nodded.
Xun continued to absorb the life force within the Holy Tree. This kind of pure life force was very easy to absorb, and in the blink of an eye, a huge amount of green light was completely absorbed by Xun.
After absorbing the green light, Xun lowered her head and looked at Liu Yu. She said indifferently, "Stand up, and bring me to the King Statue."
"Yes, my King." Liu Yu nodded.
The number one genius of the Sea God Continent, the leader of the Sky Feather Holy Land, stood up respectfully and carefully led Xun on the crimson carpet.
Ling Yan, Mu Qingyang, and Luo Zheng followed behind them.
As for the hundreds of thousands of Yao Ye clansmen below, they were still prostrating themselves on the ground.
Walking along the crimson carpet on the tree trunk, it didn't take long for them to reach the main trunk of the Holy Tree. Inside the main trunk was a hollowed out palace.
After Liu Yu led Xun, Luo Zheng, and the others into the palace, the Yao Ye clansmen who had been prostrating on the ground stood up.
The Yao Ye clansmen, who had been completely silent, suddenly became excited.
"I saw the King! It really is the King! She looks exactly the same as the King Statue! "
"Why has the King come to our Sky Feather Holy Land? She's the King of Slaughter in our Yao Ye Clan. I remember that among the three King Statues, her King Statue seems to be dim … "
"Shh, don't speak nonsense! If you're heard, you'll be punished! "
"Something must have happened in the Upper Realm. Otherwise, how could our King, a Sword Spirit, live in a human's body?"
Actually, these speculations had begun to circulate as soon as Fei 'er notified the Sky Feather Holy Land.
The King Statue flickered with eternal holy light, and it never dimmed day or night.
However, in recent years, the King Statue had suddenly dimmed. This was an ominous sign. It wasn't just the Sky Feather Holy Land; Xun's King Statue in the other Greater Thousand Worlds had also dimmed!
A long time ago, many people from the Yao Night Clan had guessed that some sort of unexpected event had occurred in the Yao Night Clan from the Upper Realms.
Unfortunately, this wasn't something they could guess.
However, because of Xun's sudden arrival, their guesses had been confirmed. However, Liu Yu and the others naturally didn't have the right to ask why Xun had become like this.
After entering the enormous palace, Xun walked towards the center of the palace.
In the center of the palace, there were three enormous statues. All three statues were of female members of the Yao Ye Clan.
The three statues were very lifelike, and each of them had their own luster. The first statue was holding a huge scepter, and its whole body was emitting a faint green halo. Just by getting close to the green statue, one could feel the vigorous life force within it.
"This is the King of Life in our Yao Ye Clan," Mu Qingyang said when he saw Luo Zheng's gaze on the statue.
Luo Zheng nodded, and his gaze shifted to the second statue. The second statue radiated a dark blue light, and she held a murderous meteor hammer! It was hard to imagine that the Yao Ye Clan would use such a barbaric and cruel weapon.
"She's the King of Punishments in our clan," Mu Qingyang said.
"I see." Luo Zheng continued to look at the last statue.
The last statue was completely red, but the only difference was that the red light it emitted was very dim. It was far less dazzling than the other two statues!
This statue's appearance and body were almost exactly the same as Xun's!
"No wonder the Nightfiend clan was able to tell at a glance that Xun was the king of the Nightfiend clan. They do look exactly the same," Luo Zheng thought to himself. But … why was Xun's statue holding a spear?
Wasn't Xun a swordsman?
Back then, Luo Zheng had unexpectedly obtained a sword spirit after entering the Massacre Sword Mountain. The only place where Luo Zheng and Xun communicated was the Massacre Sword Mountain.
Since Xun had entered the Massacre Sword Mountain, she must have comprehended the perfect sword intent. She must be a swordsman. However, it seemed that her main weapon wasn't a sword, but a spear?
While Luo Zheng was puzzled, Xun stopped in front of her statue. She suddenly turned around and said to Liu Yu, "You can all leave. Luo Zheng, stay. Without my order, no one is allowed to enter the palace."
As Luo Zheng's sword spirit, Xun couldn't stay too far away from Luo Zheng, so Luo Zheng naturally had to stay.
"Yes, my King. Without your order, no one is allowed to enter the palace." Liu Yu nodded and immediately led Ling Yan and the others, as well as the other Divine Sea Realm cultivators behind them, out of the palace.
(Thank you, Miss Lai Ping Yi Bao 1699 for the tip. Thank you, Tiger Soul 1K for the tip and blessings. Thank you, Uncle Cai, Lian Jiang, Fang Liang, Ceng Jiang, Xiao Sa, Lei Qiyan for the tip and blessings!)
(My heart warms! I'll get double the monthly votes for the next few days. If you have a monthly vote in your account … I'll quietly ask for one ^ _ ^ Happy New Year, everyone!)
＝＝＝＝＝

Chapter 597
Only Luo Zheng and his "sword spirit" were left in the empty palace.
The natural aura of a ruler slowly dissipated from Xun's body. At this moment, she looked like an ordinary girl from the Yaoye clan.
Ever since Xun spoke in the Tower of Sin, the two of them hadn't talked much.
Luo Zheng thought for a moment and asked, "The weapon on the statue is a spear. Why is your sword on the Killing Sword Mountain?"
"That is the Holy Spear of Destiny of the Yaoye clan. Before I turned 18, I cultivated the sword," Xun replied.
So that's why …
Xun's simple answer solved the mystery in Luo Zheng's heart.
If Xun was the ruler of the Yaoye clan, then with her strength, she definitely wouldn't have just stuck her sword on the Killing Sword Mountain. She should have been able to climb to the peak!
It could only be said that when she comprehended the perfect sword intent, her cultivation wasn't very high. In the end, she only managed to climb up the Killing Sword Mountain.
"But why did you become like this …"
Luo Zheng had just opened his mouth when Xun said indifferently, "No need to ask. You'll know soon enough."
After speaking, Xun walked towards the azure statue. She raised her hand and a faint light blossomed from her hand. A strange rune appeared in the light. Then, she slapped it heavily on the azure statue.
"Buzz buzz buzz …"
An intense and dazzling blue light suddenly erupted from the azure statue.
Luo Zheng's eyes had been baptized by the sap of the Tree of God, so he could clearly see the changes in the statue through the blue light.
"This is …"
Luo Zheng's eyes widened. He saw that the azure statue actually looked like a living person. After blinking a few times, the blue light gradually dimmed. Then, a faint smile appeared on the statue's face.
"Xun should be communicating with another ruler of the Yaoye clan," Luo Zheng guessed. Perhaps the Yaoye clan's many sacred lands in the lower realm maintained contact with the upper realm through these three statues.
For a clan, this method was very useful. Perhaps the upper realm couldn't transmit resources to the lower realm, but the statues could transmit information that the lower realm shouldn't have, such as secret cultivation methods and so on.
Was Kaoru seeking the help of another king?
Xun said to the statue with a cold tone, "Bitch, you didn't expect me to still be alive, did you?"
"Hahaha." The azure statue seemed to be alive as it covered its mouth and laughed. "You little bitch, you're still alive. Eh? There's only one Divine Clone, and it's someone else's Sword Spirit! "
Hearing this, Luo Zheng almost fell to the ground.
The azure statue was the Demon Night Clan's King of Punishment, while He Xun was the King of Slaughter. Luo Zheng didn't expect the two of them to curse like shrews on the streets. How could he endure this? No wonder Xun wanted all the members of the Demon Night Clan to leave.
However, Xun didn't care about Luo Zheng's gaze at all. Her expression was unusually excited. "So what if there's only one avatar? Killing a slut like you only requires a split of my Divine Sense! "
The statue sized up Xun with a mocking expression on its face. "I've destroyed your Slaughter True Body, how are you going to kill me? I remember now … Sword Spirit, you're a swordsman who cultivates the sword, that's why this Divine Clone of yours must have been hiding in the Slaughter Sword Mountain, right? With your current appearance, let alone killing your way back, you're just a Divine Core human boy. I don't think you can even leave this world! "
Hearing the statue's words, Xun's furious expression dimmed down. But, in an instant, a cold smile emerged on her face, "Is that so? Bitch, look at this man next to me, see if I can leave this world! "
The statue turned its head and looked at Luo Zheng. "You're just a Divine Core human, do you think …"
When the statue sized up Luo Zheng, it suddenly stopped talking.
"Bitch, open your dog eyes and take a good look!" Xun continued with a sneer.
The king statue had a mocking smile on her face from beginning to end, but when she carefully sized up Luo Zheng, the smile on her face gradually disappeared and was replaced by a face full of resentment. "I really didn't expect your luck to be so good! You even managed to find someone with the Fate of Battle of the Worlds! "
"What? Are you jealous of me? Bitch! "Xun scolded with a cold voice.
The statue suddenly roared out in a hysterical manner. "That's right, I'm jealous of you, I've been jealous of you since I was young! Why is it that your luck has always been better than mine? I'm not worse than you in any way, but you've always gotten better things than me! This is the reason why I want to destroy you! So what if you found someone with the Fate of Battle of the Worlds? You don't have the ability to turn the tables! "
Xun coldly harrumphed. "Whether I have the ability or not, let's wait and see!"
"Wait and see? Do you really think I'll give a little bitch like you a chance?! " The King statue suddenly moved and swung the meteor hammer at Luo Zheng's head!
Luo Zheng felt a headache coming on when he heard the two Kings of the Fiend Night Clan curse at each other. He never expected that the statue would actually attack him, which gave him a fright!
Seeing that the meteor hammer was about to land on his head, Luo Zheng's eyes flashed. He suddenly twisted his body and dodged the meteor hammer, but a large hole appeared in the ground.
However, when the statue pulled the meteor hammer out of the crater, several of the spikes on the hammer broke off.
After all, the King statue was not an Immortal Artifact or a Saint Artifact. It was impossible to carve such a hard material. Although the King of the Fiend Night Clan had used a great divine ability to attach to the statue, due to the "material" she was made of, she did not pose much of a threat to Luo Zheng.
When the King statue swung the meteor hammer at him a second time, Luo Zheng suddenly punched out and smashed the meteor hammer into pieces …
However, Luo Zheng did not say anything. The grudge between the two women of the Fiend Night Clan was a little strange to Luo Zheng. It would be unwise for him to get involved.
"Sword!"
At this moment, Xun stretched out her hand towards Luo Zheng.
Of course, Luo Zheng knew that Xun wanted the Fiend Blood Emperor's black greatsword from him. He nodded and tossed it to Xun.
With the greatsword in hand, Xun leapt up and floated above the statue's head. She clicked her tongue and said coldly, "You think you can kill a War of the Worlds with just this statue? Bitch, you're always so naive!"
The statue snorted. "So what if I did? Didn't I win in the end? As long as I kill your last Spirit Clone, the Fiend Night Clan will choose a new King of Slaughter. You're destined to become history! "
"Then give it a try, bitch!" After saying that, Xun raised the greatsword in her hand and slashed it down on the statue's head, splitting it in half. The shattered pieces of the statue splattered all over the ground.
Only half of the statue remained. However, half of the head still opened its mouth and said, "Then I'll wait for you … You little bitch …"
"Kacha!"
The black greatsword smashed the half of the head into pieces. Then, Xun stabbed the sword into the ground. Her ruthless aura completely dissipated. She looked at Luo Zheng with eyes full of bitterness.
Luo Zheng pouted. He really did not know what to say …
After thinking for a long time, Luo Zheng said, "You, you came here just to quarrel with her?"
Xun nodded and admitted it. "Yes!"
Although Luo Zheng had already determined from the conversation between the two of them that she was here to quarrel, such a weird way of quarreling still made Luo Zheng fall to the ground.
"But …" Luo Zheng spread his hands. He looked at Xun's expression and wanted to say something to comfort her. However, he did not know about the conflict between Xun and that woman.
"You'll help me, right?" Xun looked at Luo Zheng in a daze. This was the first time she had asked Luo Zheng for a favor.
This was an internal strife of the Fiend Night Clan. Luo Zheng would not be wise to rashly get involved in this!
The Fiend Night Clan was a large clan that was not inferior to the True Dragon Clan!
Since the three statues in front of him were the Kings of the Fiend Night Clan, their strength was far beyond what Luo Zheng could estimate …
"I'm afraid I'm not strong enough," Luo Zheng shook his head.
Although Luo Zheng had just become a champion, his strength was clearly not enough. Not to mention the King who controlled punishment, even Liu Yu of the Heavenly Feather Holy Land and many other Divine Ocean Realm cultivators could crush him with a single finger!
Xun stared at Luo Zheng and said, "You're indeed not strong enough right now. However, you're the most important chess piece. You'll eventually return to your position!"

Chapter 598
"Chess piece?"
Luo Zheng asked, puzzled.
"Yes, the Era of Evolution has begun! Many geniuses have appeared in the world, and you bear the destiny of the Era of Evolution. As long as you don't die, you are destined to become the main character of this era! "Xun said seriously.
Regarding this Battle of the Great Era, Luo Zheng had always vaguely understood it.
Both Qinglong and Immortal Tian Miao were secretive about it. Every time they talked about the key points, they wouldn't talk about it. Luo Zheng couldn't understand the whole truth.
"The Era of Evolution? What's the meaning of that? "Luo Zheng asked again.
Xun said lightly, "Haven't you noticed that there are many geniuses in this era? Even in this Great Thousand World, there are countless geniuses who suddenly appear, not to mention the millions of Great Thousand Worlds and many Upper Realms. "
Hearing Xun's words, Luo Zheng immediately understood. She was right!
Since Luo Zheng had come from the Blue Cloud Sect, he had seen many geniuses appear out of nowhere.
The Blue Cloud Sect was only a small second-grade sect. In the past competitions of all sects, it was rare to see someone with the Great Achievement Sword Intent. There had never been a swordsman with the Perfect Achievement Sword Intent. However, in the last competition of the Blue Cloud Sect, there were two such swordsmen. One was Luo Zheng himself, and the other was Hua Tianming.
Not only the Blue Cloud Sect, but also various god-level geniuses appeared in the Martial Arts Competition held on the Rising Dragon Platform!
According to the classification of talents in the Central Domain, as long as a god-level genius didn't die, he was destined to enter the Spirit Sea Realm. However, for so many years, no one in the Central Domain had ever reached the Spirit Sea Realm!
Therefore, Luo Zheng wasn't the only one who found it strange. All the sects in the Central Domain were also puzzled. What was wrong with this world?
After listening to Xun's explanation, Luo Zheng finally understood that the Era of Evolution was coming …
"I need you to help me," Xun stared at Luo Zheng and said. Her face was full of stubbornness. She bit her lip and said, "Please!"
Who would have thought that the high and mighty king of the Demon Night Clan, the king of slaughter, would beg someone for help?
As he gazed at Xun's miserable yet persistent expression, Luo Zheng's heart thumped slightly. He knew clearly that agreeing to Xun's request wasn't a wise choice. After all, Xun only had a strand of her soul left. Her identity might be useful in the Lower Realm, but once they returned to the Upper Realm, Luo Zheng might have to face the entire Nightfiend Clan!
This race may be even more powerful than human beings. Luo Zheng still looked hesitant.
Seeing Luo Zheng's expression, Xun was slightly disappointed. She pursed her lips and said sadly, "That's right. I'm just your sword spirit. I'm not your sister, and I'm not someone you care about. Moreover, to you, I'm still an alien …"
As Luo Zheng's sword spirit, Xun had always been hiding in Luo Zheng's body. Naturally, she knew everything that had happened to Luo Zheng.
Of course, she knew that if it were Luo Zheng's sister, Luo Yan, the Hall Master of the Cloud Hall, Ning Yudie, or even Princess Su Lingyun of the Sky-Burning Empire, Luo Zheng would have done everything he could to help. He was not someone who didn't care about relationships!
Xun was only Luo Zheng's sword spirit. She didn't have any feelings for Luo Zheng …
At this moment, an old voice suddenly floated out of Luo Zheng's mind, "Little girl, Luo Zheng can help you."
Luo Zheng was slightly stunned. Actually, he really wanted to help Xun, but he was hesitant. The path of a warrior was extremely difficult. There were dangers everywhere. Even if he was lucky, one wrong step could lead to his doom. Even if he was lucky, he would still die, not to mention that he had the destiny of the Battle of the Ages!
Just like those god-level geniuses, they claimed that they would definitely reach the Divine Sea Realm. But how many of them actually reached the Divine Sea Realm? Probably less than one in a hundred!
Because if a god-level genius wanted to become a powerful warrior of the Divine Sea Realm, they had to "not die"!
Could Luo Zheng become the main character of this era? The premise was still "not die".
Faced with a race that was even more powerful than human beings, how could Luo Zheng agree so easily?
But just as Luo Zheng was hesitating, Qinglong suddenly answered for him. Luo Zheng was naturally puzzled.
Qinglong had always been wise and was known for its vast knowledge. Since it agreed to Xun's request on behalf of Luo Zheng, there must be a deeper meaning …
Xun wasn't surprised by the voice in Luo Zheng's mind. Although Xun was Luo Zheng's sword spirit and couldn't enter Luo Zheng's mind, Luo Zheng had borrowed the help of Qinglong's soul many times when he was drawing runes.
With Xun's vision, she could see where the soul belonged.
Hearing that voice, Xun stared at Luo Zheng and said, "You agreeing is useless. Luo Zheng agreeing is useful!"
"Luo Zheng, agree to her request. The Fiendish Night Clan will be of great help to you. If you can really help her regain her throne, you will benefit a lot in the future," Qinglong said calmly.
"I don't care about benefits," Luo Zheng said seriously, "What's more, as my sword spirit, you have saved my life many times! I can't promise you too much, but if I have the ability in the future, I can help you! "
After Luo Zheng finished speaking, Xun's gloomy face suddenly lit up as if a ray of light shone on her face. She gazed at Luo Zheng and finally lowered her head and said, "Thank you …"
Luo Zheng smiled. "But you are still a sword spirit. You can't always be my sword spirit and stay in my body, right?"
"I will think of a way to reconstruct my body, but I can't do it right now," Xun said after thinking for a while.
Being a sword spirit was indeed a bit troublesome for Xun, but its advantages were obvious. As a sword spirit, she couldn't be killed. Even if she was cut into pieces, she could still easily recover. As long as Luo Zheng didn't die, she would be an immortal existence.
However, she could only hide in Luo Zheng's body. Even if she revealed her true form, she would have to keep a certain distance from Luo Zheng.
However, reconstructing her body wasn't a simple matter. She could only rely on her luck in the future to see if she had the chance.
At this moment, Xun suddenly said, "Isn't your biggest goal now to save your sister? I can order Liu Yu to bring the Fiendish Night Clan to the Central Domain and help you kill Cui Xie. "
"Help me kill Cui Xie?" Luo Zheng's eyebrows suddenly jumped.
Xun's suggestion was indeed feasible!
Cui Xie's cultivation was at the Life and Death Realm, and he had only passed the third layer of the Life and Death Tribulation.
His strength was roughly equivalent to a third level Battle-Saint!
In the Heavenly Feather Holy Ground, there were at least a million third level Battle-Saints. Even if Cui Xie's strength was far greater than an ordinary Battle-Saint's, the Heavenly Feather Holy Ground still had Liu Yu, a Divine Sea Realm expert.
With their strength, killing Cui Xie wouldn't be too difficult.
If Luo Zheng brought the Fiendish Night Clan's Holy Ground back to the Central Domain, they would probably be able to sweep through all the sects in the Central Domain.
The gap between a Holy Ground and a fifth grade sect was this big, not to mention that the Heavenly Feather Holy Ground was a seventh grade Holy Ground!
However, Luo Zheng still shook his head. His eyes were filled with determination. "Cui Xie has already become an obstacle in my Heart of Martial Dao. This obstacle … I have to clear it myself!"
Although the Heart of Martial Dao couldn't increase a cultivator's combat strength, it was extremely important for a cultivator. If the Heart of Martial Dao wasn't smooth, Luo Zheng wouldn't be able to overcome this knot in his heart. This knot would eventually become Luo Zheng's Heart Demon, becoming the biggest obstacle in his life!
This kind of obstacle could cause Luo Zheng's cultivation to be unable to progress. In the worst case, it could cause Luo Zheng's cultivation to go berserk and die at a critical moment.
When Cui Xie transformed into a giant face and appeared in the sky above the Blue Cloud Sect, Luo Zheng had already sworn to himself that he would personally take Cui Xie's life while he was still alive!
"I won't use the hands of others to kill Cui Xie," Luo Zheng said, shaking his head.
With Xun's experience, she naturally understood the meaning behind Luo Zheng's words. Since she had already obtained a promise from Luo Zheng, Xun's goal had already been achieved to a certain extent.
She was the King of Slaughter, and her Slaughter True Body had been destroyed due to her carelessness. She was already in a situation where she had lost everything.
Because this clone of hers hadn't dispersed, even though her statue was dim and lusterless, it still hadn't been extinguished. According to the rules of the Yaowe Clan, the next King of Slaughter would only be chosen if the glow within her statue vanished completely!
As long as her Soul Clone wasn't destroyed, she would have a sliver of hope to turn the tables. All of Xun's hopes were pinned on this human youth …
As such, from now on, Xun would naturally fully cooperate with Luo Zheng!
Xun then walked to the entrance of the palace and allowed the Yao Night Clan members outside to enter.
When Liu Yu and the others saw the shattered statue and the giant black sword stabbed into the ground, their expressions changed drastically.
The King Statue was a sacred object to the Yao Night Clan!
It wasn't that the material of the statue was precious, it was just that these statues were the symbol of their faith. Normally, if anyone accidentally touched a king statue, they would receive the most severe punishment. Now that it had been shattered, how could their expressions not change?
However …
The giant black sword was Xun's weapon.
Many of the Yao Night Clan members had seen it in the Tower of Sin. It seemed that their King had personally shattered the statue.
Why was this so?
Was there some kind of conflict between the two Kings?
Liu Yu and the other Divine Sea Realm cultivators guessed, but they didn't dare to directly ask Xun what had happened.
Luo Zheng couldn't help but laugh inwardly when he saw the expressions on Liu Yu and the others' faces. 'I wonder what your expressions would be like if you saw the two high and mighty Kings of your Night Demon Clan cursing and swearing like shrews …'
"Clean it up. Don't erect this statue again," Xun said calmly. She had regained her arrogant expression and was emitting the aura of a King.
"Don't erect it anymore?" Liu Yu was stunned.
The three King Statues couldn't be missing. This was the rule of the Yao Night Clan's Holy Lands. How could they not erect it?
If anyone else had said this, they would have been executed by the Yao Night Clan …
The problem was that their "King" had said it herself.
Xun thought about it and sighed. "Forget it. Let's just carve another one. Remember, make it uglier!"
Hearing Xun's words, Luo Zheng almost laughed out loud. This woman was truly terrifying. Once she developed a grudge against someone, she wouldn't stop until one of them was dead!
Liu Yu and the others, on the other hand, had a look of fear and trepidation on their faces, as if they did not know what to do.
Xun calmly walked in the front while Luo Zheng followed behind her. The higher-ups of the Yao Night Clan followed closely behind them.
The Yao Night Clan's King acted one way in front of Luo Zheng, but acted another way in front of others.
This giant Holy Tree was hollow in the middle. Within the Holy Tree's trunk was a palace that was over a hundred stories tall.
Under Xun's request, Liu Yu led Luo Zheng to the treasury of the Yao Night Clan's Holy Lands to choose a weapon.
Even though the Demon Blood Emperor's greatsword was powerful, it wasn't of a high grade. Furthermore, when he fought with Mu Qingyang in the Tower of Sins, Mu Qingyang's claw had left a few deep grooves on it. Even though it could still be used, it might break at any moment. Right now, Xun needed to choose a weapon.
A Rank 7 Holy Land's foundation far surpassed that of the Cloud Hall and the Void Spirit Sect.
In the Central Domain, low-grade Saint weapons were extremely rare. However, they weren't rare on the Sea God's Continent. Therefore, when the Demon Race offered ten Saint weapons in exchange for Luo Zheng's life in the Tower of Sin, Zhao Fenqin immediately rejected the offer.
After passing through the top floor and the roots of the Holy Tree, Luo Zheng finally arrived at the treasury of the Yao Night Clan.
When Luo Zheng entered the treasury of the Rank 7 Holy Land, he couldn't help but sigh.
In the center of the treasure vault, there was a huge luminous pearl that emitted a gentle glow. Surrounding the luminous pearl were a dozen swords that were stabbed into the ground at a slanted angle!
All of them were Saint weapons!
"My Queen, the best weapon in our Sky Feather Holy Land is a high-grade Saint weapon," Liu Yu introduced.
"Take a look," Xun said calmly.
Liu Yu nodded. He led Luo Zheng and Xun to the back of the luminous pearl. Then, he reached out and pulled out a long box from the ground. After placing the box on the ground, Liu Yu casually opened it and pulled out a longsword.
It was a pale golden longsword, and the blade was shining with an ancient light.
"I obtained this high-grade Saint weapon from the Xuanming Cave. However, I'm not good with swords, so I sealed it here," Liu Yu said.
"Good sword!" Luo Zheng's eyes suddenly flashed.
A high-grade Saint weapon actually came from the Xuanming Cave. What kind of opportunities existed in the Xuanming Cave?
Xun looked at the pale golden longsword with an indifferent gaze. She gently extended her slender fingers.
Liu Yu held the longsword with both hands and respectfully handed it to Xun. Then, he retreated to the side.
Xun gently waved the pale golden longsword in a circle. Finally, she shook her head. "I have no use for this sword. I'll give it to Luo Zheng."
Hearing Xun's words, Liu Yu's face showed a trace of depression. Give a high-grade Saint weapon to this human warrior?
Although Liu Yu knew that the Queen and Luo Zheng were almost inseparable, she had used all her strength to obtain this sword in the Xuanming Cave. She had almost lost her life there to obtain this sword. Now, she was giving it to a foreign race warrior …
Naturally, she felt a little uncomfortable.
"Can't I?" Xun sensed Liu Yu's expression and said indifferently.
Liu Yu immediately lowered his head and said, "My Queen, it's up to you to decide who you want to give it to."
"Mm." Xun nodded. Then, she gave it to Luo Zheng.
The Yao Night Clan was like this. The entire clan was centered around the three Kings. This was because Xun and the other two Kings were the faith of thousands of people in the Yao Night Clan. They did not have any thoughts of disobedience.
Xun had only taken Liu Yu's sword. Even if Xun ordered Liu Yu to commit suicide, Liu Yu would not disobey!
From this, it could be seen that the structure of the Yao Night Clan was completely different from that of the human race.
Among humans, there was no absolute obedience. As long as the benefits of betrayal were great enough, even father and son could betray the other party, not to mention the other party.
Therefore, from this perspective, the Yao Night Clan was far more united than the human race! It was impossible for there to be a situation like in the Central Domain where the large sects attacked each other …
Just like that, he obtained a high-grade saint ranked sword. Luo Zheng's heart was pounding.
Although he had a low-grade Saint Grade sword, there was no end to weapons for cultivators. There was no best, only better!
"I don't need a sword now …" Xun shook her head and said, "I want to use my original weapon. I want a spear!"
When Xun was young, she did use a sword. However, when she was chosen as the King of the Yao Night Clan and started to control killing, she switched to using a spear. She had used a spear longer than she had used a sword, so it was much easier for her to use it.
At that time, Luo Zheng simply thought that Xun was her sword spirit and naturally gave her a sword. However, only by using a spear could Xun display her full strength!
Flowing Feather nodded. With a wave of her hand, an invisible force swept out, and a silver spear spiraled out of a box in the distance.
"This spear is the best spear in the Sky Feather Holy Land. Please have a look, my King." Liu Yu handed the spear to Xun.
This spear's grade couldn't compare to Luo Zheng's sword, but it wasn't low either. It was a mid-grade Saint Grade spear.
Xun held the silver spear in her hand and looked forward. Then, she stabbed the spear into the void!
An extremely unique energy fluctuation immediately pierced out!
That energy wave not only shocked Luo Zheng, but also shocked Liu Yu, who was a Divine Sea Realm cultivator.
Xun was a sword spirit, and a sword spirit's strength increased with its master's strength!
Although a sword spirit couldn't be divided into cultivation levels, it should be on par with Luo Zheng's or even slightly weaker than Luo Zheng's.
Xun's spear couldn't hurt a Divine Sea Realm cultivator like Liu Yu, but the power contained within it was far from what Liu Yu could comprehend.

Chapter 599
She put away the silver spear and saw Luo Zheng's shocked expression. She said calmly, "It's a pity that you're a sword cultivator. Otherwise, I could teach you the spear techniques of the Yao Ye Clan."
Although Xun had been a sword cultivator before the age of twenty, the sword techniques she had cultivated back then were not the top-tier techniques of the Yao Ye Clan. Furthermore, Luo Zheng was a grown man, so it was difficult for him to display the agility of a sword dance. It was not as good as the sword techniques Luo Zheng had comprehended himself.
However, her spear techniques were different. It was one of the most elite techniques of the Yao Ye Clan.
Luo Zheng blinked. Since he had chosen the sword out of all the other weapons, he would not give it up so easily.
It was taboo for cultivators to be greedy. Moreover, if Luo Zheng wanted to practice the spear, he would have to start from scratch. It was like picking up a watermelon and throwing away a sesame seed. He would not do such a thing.
However, when Liu Yu heard this, she had a different feeling.
The techniques of the three kings of the Yao Ye Clan could not be taught to outsiders. Even the other kings of the Yao Ye Clan could not learn them. However, from the king's tone, she seemed to have no qualms …
Combined with the broken king statues in the palace, Liu Yu guessed that something big had happened in the Upper Realm.
Unfortunately, this was not something that Liu Yu could guess. Liu Yu might have been a leader in a seventh-rank holy land, but a Divine Sea Realm cultivator like her was nothing in the Yao Ye Clan after ascending. At most, she could be considered the leader of a small team.
Liu Yu was not qualified to participate in a battle between kings.
Unless Liu Yu could become a powerhouse of the Yao Ye Clan in the Upper Realm …
However, Liu Yu had already been tested on the Talent Monument. Although her name was high on the second row of the Talent Monument, this talent was indeed very shocking in the Sea God Continent. However, in the Upper Realm, it was just so-so.
At the very least, there were five names above Liu Yu's head back then. Now, there were even two additional names, Luo Zheng and Yun Luo. Although she did not enter the Sin Tower, the various spies the Holy Lands had planted were shuttling back and forth between the Holy Land and the Sin Tower. Everything that happened in the Sin Tower would be reported to the Holy Land.
Liu Yu naturally knew that Luo Zheng had kicked the two Battle-Saints out of the Tower of Sin in an instant.
Similarly, she did not dare to neglect this human brat in front of her. If Luo Zheng had the ability to kick any living being out of the Tower of Sin, then Luo Zheng was actually the true controller of the Tower of Sin!
All the races on the Sea God Continent were attached to the Tower of Sin.
Even Liu Yu had relied on the Tower of Sin to raise her cultivation base and fully display her talent to this day. At the same time, she had obtained a great opportunity in the Xuanming Cave, which allowed her to achieve her current status.
"I've finished choosing my weapon. Luo Zheng, you can continue to choose." Xun handed the spear to Luo Zheng and had Luo Zheng store it in his Sumeru Ring. She was still Luo Zheng's sword spirit and could not store anything. This spear could only be used when she needed to fight.
She wanted to get a spear today because she knew that Luo Zheng would face more and more pressure. With Xun's current strength, she might not be able to display even a millionth of her former strength. However, this spear could help Luo Zheng turn the situation around at a critical moment. This was the best she could do.
Although Luo Zheng already had a high-grade Sage Grade sword in his hand, after hearing Xun's words, Luo Zheng still began to look around. Looking at the dazzling array of Immortal and Sage Grade weapons, Luo Zheng shook his head and finally asked, "Do you have any high-quality crystals?"
"Crystals?"
Hearing Luo Zheng's request, Liu Yu revealed a strange expression. Those crystals were used to inlay weapons. Could it be that Luo Zheng was a Tool Refiner? He wanted to refine magic weapons?
Of course, Luo Zheng was not a Tool Refiner.
Back in White Emperor City, Luo Zheng had obtained two crystals and inlaid them in his arms.
These two crystals had indeed been of great help to Luo Zheng. Phoenix Soaring Crystals were originally inlaid in weapons to reduce their weight and make them more flexible and faster. After being inlaid in Luo Zheng's body, they could greatly increase Luo Zheng's speed.
When Luo Zheng was at the Xiantian level, the Phoenix Soaring Crystals could greatly increase his speed. However, for the current Luo Zheng, the increase in speed was negligible.
As for the Blood Jade Crystals, although the energy contained in them could destroy barriers, the barriers Luo Zheng encountered now were often used to trap War Generals and War Venerables. A single Blood Jade Crystal was no longer of much use.
Therefore, Luo Zheng had been looking for an opportunity to replace the crystals inlaid in his arms. Now that Liu Yu had asked him to make a request, Luo Zheng naturally would not let go of this opportunity. Given the resources of a seventh-rank Holy Land, it shouldn't be difficult for them to take out two high-grade crystals.
"Yes, the crystals inlaid in weapons." Luo Zheng nodded.
"You want to inlay them in weapons?" Liu Yu asked curiously.
"You can say that …" Luo Zheng himself could be considered a weapon, so there was nothing wrong with saying this.
Liu Yu nodded to a nearby Demon Night Clan Battle Sage, who walked towards a corner of the treasury.
Liu Yu would personally take out a weapon for Luo Zheng, but as a Divine Sea Realm expert, she naturally wouldn't do it herself.
Not long after, the Battle-Saint took out an embroidered box from the corner of the treasury. Inside the embroidered box was a box of multicolored crystals. These crystals were of different shapes and sizes and were all polished to a certain size.
"Some of these crystals are Fire Condensing Crystals from the depths of active volcanoes, while others are Purple Cloud Crystals from deep sea trenches. They all have different effects, but how many do you need to match an Immortal Artifact or even a Sacred Artifact?"
According to Tian Yu's guess, either Luo Zheng himself was a Weapon Refiner, or he had a friend who was. If he simply used them to refine a weapon, there was still a chance of failure when inlaying the crystals. He would need at least 10 or 20 crystals, right?
However, Luo Zheng nodded and said, "Two."
"Only two?" Tian Yu became more and more curious about Luo Zheng's request. Of course, Luo Zheng couldn't tell Liu Yu that he wanted to inlay these crystals in his body.
Following this, the Demon Night Clan's Battle-Saint introduced the crystals to Luo Zheng, allowing him to understand their uses. Luo Zheng picked out two of the crystals according to his needs.
Back then, Luo Zheng chose the Phoenix Soaring Crystal because Luo Zheng's speed was his shortcoming. However, now that Luo Zheng had comprehended the Law of Space, this shortcoming no longer existed. Luo Zheng chose the two crystals according to his own ideas.
After choosing the crystals, Luo Zheng didn't have any other requests. Then, Tian Yu brought Luo Zheng and Xun back to the Sacred Tree.
Xun's purpose on this trip to the Sky Feather Sacred Ground was to quarrel with the King in charge of punishment. However, Luo Zheng didn't come out empty-handed. At the very least, he obtained a high-grade Sacred Artifact and replaced the two crystals in his arm.
Two days later, Luo Zheng, Ling Yan, Mu Qing Yang, and the others left the Sky Feather Sacred Ground and went to the Sin Tower again.
During these two days, Liu Yu had made it clear to Luo Zheng that if Luo Zheng wanted to cleanse the Sin Tower of the Demon Race, the Demon Night Clan would do their best to help!
The Demon Race wasn't a friendly race. They loved to kill and had a cruel temperament, which was contrary to the Demon Night Clan's nature of harmony and order. Moreover, the Demon Night Clan had been targeted by the Demon Race in both the Sin Tower and the Deep Sea Continent. It was only after Liu Yu led the Sky Feather Sacred Ground to rise that the Demon Race restrained themselves.
If there was a chance to cleanse the Demon Race now, Liu Yu wouldn't let it go. As a Divine Sea Realm expert and the leader of the Demon Night Clan, Liu Yu wasn't a soft-hearted person. This was the world. Kindness to the enemy was cruelty to oneself.
After passing through the teleportation array, Luo Zheng returned to the Sin Tower.
The two doors at the entrance of the Sin Tower that had been smashed by the Demon Race's Battle Saint had been repaired.
Before Luo Zheng left, what happened on the 10th floor hadn't been spread. However, after Luo Zheng left the Sin Tower and stayed in the Sky Feather Sacred Ground for a few days, all kinds of news had spread through the various channels of the Sin Tower.
Everyone knew what happened on the 10th floor. As for who spread the news and whether it was intentional, no one knew. However, the Demon Race had restrained themselves a lot during this time.
(I wanted to add more, but my baby has a high fever. Sorry, I'll try to add more tonight. But if I go out tonight, I'll have to do it tomorrow.)
＝＝＝＝＝

Chapter 600
When Luo Zheng stepped into the first floor of the Tower of Sin, the eyes of the various races stared at him. Most of them were filled with reverence.
As for the many Demon Race fighters, their eyes were filled with fear.
This human warrior who was not even twenty years old had only been in the Tower of Sin for three months, but he had already turned the situation around for the entire human race.
He was just a small warrior. Before this, he was even a warrior. Many of the peak War Reverends in the Tower of Sin were helpless against him. Furthermore, he had even used the power of the Cursed Lands to kill two demon Battle Saints!
This could no longer be described as a miracle.
Regardless of the process, Luo Zheng had indeed done it. Furthermore, he had completely suppressed the arrogance of the demon race.
In the past, from the first floor to the fourteenth floor of the Tower of Sin, regardless of whether it was the demon warriors or the demon warriors, they were superior to everyone else. Apart from the Yao Night Clan, the other races could only swallow their anger in front of the demon race!
No race dared to directly oppose the demon race. This powerful race had the most seats in the Tower of Sin, and they also had the most powerful force on the Sea God Continent.
The reason they were so arrogant was because they had the backing of powerful strength.
But recently, the Mo Race had indeed been very restrained. From the Mo Race warriors to the Battle Generals, and even the War Venerables, they did not speak as much as they did in the past. One could even find traces of icy coldness on the faces of the Mo Race.
This was because they did not know what Luo Zheng planned to do after returning to the Tower of Sin.
Was he going to expel all the demons? Or was he going to directly kill them?
That day, Luo Zheng seemed to have directly used some kind of power from the Tower of Sin to expel the two demon Battle Saints from the Tower of Sin!
As for whether Luo Zheng could directly use the power of the Tower of Sin to kill the living beings in the Tower of Sin, or what other methods he had, it all depended on Luo Zheng's degree of control over the Tower of Sin. Outsiders were unable to guess. The origin of the Tower of Sin was originally very mysterious. Even now, many living beings on the Sea God Continent did not know the origin of the Tower of Sin, nor did they know the secrets of the Cursed Lands.
In short, the Demon Race was like a fish on a chopping board. The situation was very passive. As for whether the Demon Race would lose or try to make peace, they could only wait and see.
After entering the first floor of the Tower of Sin, Luo Zheng looked at Ling Yan and the others. Suddenly, he smiled and said: "You guys take the stairs. I want to take another path."
Ling Yan and the other Peak War Reverends of the Yao Ye Clan, as well as Mu Qing Yang and the other generals, looked at Luo Zheng strangely. There was only one way to the lower levels of the Tower of Sin. Did Luo Zheng have another way?
However, as soon as Luo Zheng finished his words, a circular crack suddenly appeared under Luo Zheng's feet. That crack was only big enough for one person to fall through. Luo Zheng stood on top of the crack and instantly fell through it …
Seeing this scene, the faces of the Peak War Elder, including Ling Yan, were filled with astonishment. How could they play like this in the Tower of Sin?
"Boom!"
Luo Zheng steadily landed on the second floor of the Tower of Sin.
The warriors on the second floor were shocked when they saw the ceiling crack open and a human general fall down.
Luo Zheng only glanced at the warriors indifferently. Then, another circular crack appeared under his feet.
At the same time, cracks appeared on the third floor, fourth floor, fifth floor, sixth floor …
Luo Zheng's body fell vertically. In just two or three breaths of time, Luo Zheng's feet heavily stepped on the floor of the tenth floor!
From the third floor to the ninth floor, the warriors and generals only saw a shadow suddenly shoot down. They did not see who it was.
When Luo Zheng instantly stood on the floor of the tenth floor, the cracks above his head began to wriggle and quickly disappeared, leaving behind the stunned expressions of the many creatures.
"What did you just see?"
"It seems like a human fell down …"
"This … I'm afraid this is the fastest speed to enter the Tower of Sin?"
Even a peak war reverend on the fifteenth floor would have to climb down level by level after leaving the Tower of Sin. In the competition between war reverends, there had indeed been cases of people breaking the ceiling and falling to the next floor. The floors of the Tower of Sin only had the ability to heal themselves, but they were not particularly sturdy. However, no war reverend dared to break the ceiling layer by layer and drill down …
On the tenth floor's arena, a nimble figure was constantly flying. It was the human race's god rank genius, Xia Shuang.
And Xia Shuang's opponent was a giant that was close to forty feet tall!
Xia Shuang had originally cultivated an ice-type cultivation technique. Her piercing cold Qi formed many rings, encircling the giant's body.
The giants on the Sea God Continent were all extremely strong. Not to mention the human race, even the devil race would be smashed into meat paste by a punch from the giant!
However, the giant race's weakness was obvious. Their reactions were too slow and their speed could not keep up.
Now that Xia Shuang was constantly using the ice rings to suppress the giant, the giant's speed was even slower. Although the giant was constantly waving the black iron club in its hand, it could not even touch Xia Shuang's sleeves!
When Luo Zheng suddenly appeared on the tenth floor of the Tower of Sin, Xia Shuang's eyes suddenly flashed and a smile appeared on her face. True essence flickered between her eyebrows and the cold air on her body suddenly erupted!
A pair of wings condensed from ice formed behind her back. Then, she turned into a stream of light and rushed towards the giant.
Perhaps she hoped to show off her strength in front of Luo Zheng, or perhaps she was anxious to walk down the arena to see Luo Zheng, but Xia Shuang actually directly used her trump card!
As a god rank genius of the human race, Xia Shuang was considered an outstanding figure on the tenth floor. Originally, she did not need to use her trump card to deal with this giant.
"Swift Ice Feather!"
At this moment, Xia Shuang was like a fairy in the snow. She suddenly floated towards the giant. Facing the black iron cudgel that was smashing towards her, Xia Shuang's figure made a strange turn in the air, easily dodging the powerful cudgel!
Then her figure quickly approached the giant. She stretched out her snow-white hand and gently touched the giant's neck.
A seed of ice and snow was instantly planted.
"Crackle …"
A white light flashed on the giant's neck. Then, the cold power of ice blossomed into a beautiful ice flower on the giant's neck.
At the same time, the blood vessels on the giant's arms, chest, and legs cracked at the same time. All the blood vessels on the giant's body were frozen and burst open in an instant. The moment the blood sputtered out, it had already solidified!
"Plop …"
The giant's incomparably huge body fell on the arena with a loud bang. Xia Shuang stood firmly on one side of the arena. A Light of Good Fortune shot out from the giant's body and drilled into the nameplate on Xia Shuang's chest.
"Clap clap clap …" A crisp sound of applause rang out.
Luo Zheng slowly walked towards the arena. He stretched out his hands and gently clapped. At this moment, all the living beings on the tenth floor were focused on Luo Zheng.
In the few days that Luo Zheng had left, many humans had already felt the subtle changes in the Tower of Sin!
In this situation, even a fool would understand that the human race was about to rise …
In the past, as long as the human race stepped onto the arena, they would be ridiculed and targeted by the other races. In the process of battle, it was hard to count on the other side to hold back. Therefore, the human race's battle generals would usually either die or be injured when they stepped onto the arena!
Now, in the past few days, the other side would be very careful when a mortal battle general stepped onto the arena. Even after defeating the human battle general, they would not follow up with a victorious attack and take the human battle general's life!
This change made many humans very happy. They were very clear that this change originated from one person, Luo Zheng.
Although the human race only had four seats on the top floor, it would not be long before the human race's number of seats would increase. As for how much it would increase, it would depend on how far the demon race would retreat. It would depend on the demon race's countermeasures, and it would also depend on Luo Zheng's methods!
And today, Luo Zheng had returned.
Xia Shuang smiled when she saw Luo Zheng clapping for her. Then, she briskly jumped off the arena and walked towards Luo Zheng.