Apotheosis – Ascension to Godhood
Vol.2

Chapter 101
Luo Zheng faced the light emitted by the bonfire and raised his head to look. He saw dozens of female disciples standing on the broad branches of the spruce tree.
The female disciple in the lead held her long sword horizontally. Her expression was very nervous. She loudly shouted at Luo Zheng: "Don't go any further. Which mountain are you disciples from?"
Luo Zheng raised his head and replied: "We are Xiao Yufeng's disciples!"
In the entire Blue Cloud Sect, there was only one mountain peak with female disciples. These ten female disciples were definitely from Jade Maiden Peak.
Ever since Luo Yan appeared in Jade Maiden Peak, the strength of the entire mountain had increased by a lot. Although Luo Yan was currently trapped, Jade Maiden Peak's strength had always been hovering around the middle.
In any case, they were much stronger than Xiao Yufeng, who was ranked last.
Jade Maiden Peak was probably the most popular mountain peak among the 33 peaks of Blue Cloud Sect. This was because only Jade Maiden Peak had female disciples. If one wanted to find a partner, Jade Maiden Peak was the best choice.
The female disciple standing on the tree was called Zhu Qianning. As a descendant of the Spirit Needle Family Zhu and an inner disciple of Jade Maiden Peak, she was a core member of this Demon Slaying Trial.
"Xiao Yufeng? You guys stand there and don't use it! "Zhu Qianning warned again. She held a small jade box in her hand and faced Luo Zheng and the others.
Although Zhu Qianning was very surprised that the Torrential Pear Blossom Needles had no effect on Luo Zheng, as a descendant of the Family Zhu, she still had several powerful mechanisms in her hands.
For example, the small jade box in her hand was called "Frightening Dragon". Although it didn't look amazing, Zhu Qianning knew that once it was activated, the power it would release was almost equal to the full power attack of a Divine Realm expert!
Luo Zheng probably also felt the power contained in the small jade box and very obediently stopped his steps.
Soon after, Zhu Qianning handed the jade box to another female disciple of Jade Maiden Peak. She then jumped down from the tall tree.
Jumping down from a height of several zhang, her jet-black hair was a mess. Fortunately, her body was light and she steadily stepped on the ground in the forest. She used her hand to comb her hair before cautiously walking towards Luo Zheng.
Only when she got closer did Luo Zheng clearly see this girl's appearance. This girl's skin was whiter than snow. She was bright and beautiful with white teeth.. Although her figure was petite, it was extremely well-proportioned........... under the light of the bonfire, it added a hazy color.....
"Don't move!" Zhu Qianning raised her beautiful eyebrows and warned, "My Junior Sister's courage is even smaller than mine. If you move even a little bit and scare her, she will activate Frightening Dragon and all of you will die!"
Hearing the two words "Frightening Dragon", Lin Geng and Xiao Yufeng's faces suddenly changed. They were in the Blue Cloud Sect and were more familiar with the situation of the eight noble families than Luo Zheng. Naturally, they had heard of this powerful mechanism called "Frightening Dragon". This "Frightening Dragon" was said to be able to instantly kill all Xiantian lifeforms. Even Xiantian Stage Nine or Stage Ten would have no chance of survival after being hit by the "Frightening Dragon".
"Since you can carry Frightening Dragon with you, then you should be a member of the Divine Needle Family Zhu?" Lin Geng suddenly asked.
Who knew that after hearing Lin Geng's words, Zhu Qianning's face darkened. "I didn't ask you to speak. Don't speak!"
Looking at Zhu Qianning's appearance, Luo Zheng faintly smiled. Who knew that Zhu Qianning's face became even colder. "I didn't ask you to smile, so you can't smile!"
Therefore, Luo Zheng quickly withdrew his smile and stared at Zhu Qianning with a very innocent look.
Luo Zheng's artificial expression eased the tense atmosphere a lot. On the contrary, Zhu Qianning burst into laughter. Then, she waved her lily-white hand and a jade needle suddenly appeared.
She held the jade needle in her hand and waved it in front of Luo Zheng. Then, she carefully examined the color of the jade needle. Then, she walked towards Lin Geng and waved the jade needle in front of him. Xiao Yufeng had a total of eight people. She waved the jade needle in front of them one by one.
In the end, Zhu Qianning let out a sigh of relief. Her expression also relaxed a lot. She said to Luo Zheng and the others, "Okay, now I've ruled out the possibility that there are demon soldiers among you!"
Luo Zheng asked curiously, "You can tell by using this jade needle?"
Zhu Qianning faintly smiled. "This is our Family Zhu's Demon Breaking Needle. It's very sensitive to demon aura. If one of you was eaten by a demon and draped in human skin, no matter how hard you tried to hide it, you would still emit traces of demon aura. When this Demon Breaking Needle comes into contact with the demon aura, it will turn from green to red."
Luo Zheng nodded. Sure enough, each of the Eight Major Aristocratic Families had their own strengths. The Family Zhu was good at concealed weapons and all kinds of skills, so they could make such a clever thing.
Zhu Qianning immediately turned around and shouted, "Junior Sisters, you can come down. There are no demons among them."
Hearing Zhu Qianning's words, the female disciples of Jade Maiden Peak who were hiding in the trees jumped down and surrounded the bonfire.
Everyone gathered around the bonfire and sat down on the ground. Luo Zheng asked again, "You're all so cautious. Did you also encounter a demon attack before?"
When Luo Zheng asked this question, the expressions of the female disciples of Jade Maiden Peak dimmed. From the looks of it, they had already answered Luo Zheng's question.
Zhu Qianning nodded. Her eyes seemed to flicker with tears. "I originally thought that participating in the Demon Slaying Trials this time wouldn't be too dangerous. Moreover, we had Qi Fei, Senior Brother Long Yan and the others to protect us. Who would have thought …"
There were demon-slaying missions every year, and they were held every year.
The human race and the demon race could be considered as mortal enemies. Even though for so many years, due to the existence of the Burning Heaven Palace and the Blue Cloud Sect, the demon race had not taken even half a step into the Burning Heaven Empire.
However, in order to train the inner disciples, it was necessary to train them so that when fighting against the demon race, they would not be suppressed by the demon race and would be able to display their own strength.
The Demon Slaying Trials in Cang Qiong Forest required them to directly face the demon race. Their lives could be in danger at any time. It did sound very frightening.
However, in reality, there were very few cases of disciples dying in the Demon Slaying Trials every year. The reason was that in Cang Qiong Forest, only the demon race would appear to serve the disciples. And the so-called demon race serving the disciples were demon soldiers scouting the path.
The strength of the demon soldiers was not strong. At least, the inner disciples who were able to pass the selection and enter Cang Qiong Forest all had the strength to fight against them.
And this time, Jade Maiden Peak's participation in the mission was allied with the inner disciples of Black Rock Peak.
The so-called alliance was actually Black Rock Peak's willingness to protect the many female disciples of Jade Maiden Peak.
Black Rock Peak was ranked second among the Green Cloud Peak's thirty-three peaks. Even if the disciples participating in the Demon Slaying Trials were not the strongest disciples of Black Rock Peak, their strength was already very strong. For example, although Qi Fei and Long Yan were not on the Green Cloud Ranking, they were already quite famous in the Blue Cloud Sect. Their strength was evident.
However, when they were exploring Cang Qiong Forest, a demon general mixed in with them.
"You also had a demon general mixed in?" Luo Zheng frowned and asked.
Zhu Qianning nodded and said with a sorrowful face: "Yes, that demon general ate a disciple of Black Rock Peak and hid in his body. Later, under a sneak attack, he killed Qi Fei. Long Yan led a group of Black Rock Peak's disciples to fight and protect our Jade Maiden Peak's disciples to escape, but they … …"
Speaking up to here, several female disciples lowered their heads and tears faintly flickered in their eyes.
Facing a demon general, they were afraid that they would have already met with disaster.
This time, the strongest inner disciples participating in the Demon Slaying Trials were at Xiantian stage four or five. They were completely no match for a demon general.
Black Rock Peak was able to protect the Jade Maiden Peak's disciples to escape under such circumstances. They were indeed very brave!
At this moment, the atmosphere suddenly became silent. Everyone was lost in thought as they looked at the gently swaying flames.
"Don't worry, this time, I will protect you!" Luo Zheng suddenly smiled and broke the sad atmosphere.
When Luo Zheng said this, the female disciples of Jade Maiden Peak showed a strange expression and stared blankly at Luo Zheng.
If this sentence was said by Lin Geng of Xiao Yufeng, they would not find it strange.
However, Luo Zheng was a half-step Xiantian. His strength did not seem to be outstanding among Xiao Yufeng's disciples. Although they understood Luo Zheng's intention, they knew that he was just comforting them.
Lin Geng saw this and smiled bitterly, "We also encountered a demon general. In the end, we relied on Luo Zheng to kill him. If it were not for him, our Xiao Yufeng's disciples would have been wiped out."
When the female disciples heard Lin Geng's words, their faces showed an expression of disbelief.
Zhu Qianning's beautiful eyes looked at Luo Zheng and smiled. She shook her head and said: "I don't believe it!"
"Sister Qianning, I don't believe it either!" Another female disciple said.
Lin Geng still smiled bitterly. If he did not see it with his own eyes, he would also not believe it if someone told him that a half-step Xiantian martial artist killed a demon general with his own hands.
However, the truth was the truth. Even if the female disciples did not believe it, it was the truth.
Luo Zheng did not deny or admit it. The reason why he said this was to liven up the atmosphere.
As the saying goes, a defeated army is bound to be defeated. People should never lose their courage at any time. As Luo Zheng saw it, Zhu Qianning probably had more than one powerful hidden weapon for self-defense. If she did not have enough courage, she would have had a chance to fight the demon general.
The night was getting darker and darker. The dense spruce tree crown covered the faint moonlight. The entire Cang Qiong Forest fell into darkness. Except for a pile of fire, it was almost impossible to see the surrounding things.
Occasionally, a large demon beast would pass by not far away, making rustling sounds.
Zhu Qianning and the female disciples, after experiencing the encounter during the day, were now very sleepy. They leaned on each other and fell into a deep sleep.
Xiao Yufeng's disciples took turns to keep watch and take turns to rest.
This night, time seemed to pass very slowly. The sentries were always on tenterhooks, but those who were resting also could not sleep well. From time to time, some people would wake up from nightmares.
In this kind of torment, the sky finally brightened. This night, it was peaceful.
Luo Zheng did not sleep this night. His soul had stepped into a realm that ordinary people could not compare to. Even if he did not rest for several days and nights, Luo Zheng's spirit was still full.
He meditated the whole night, comprehending the second move of the 《Heavenly Devil God Fist》, 《Ten Thousand Demons Surge》.

Chapter 102
Although the sky had brightened, the crisis was still there.
If there were only demon soldiers in the Cang Qiong Forest, then the Blue Cloud Sect's disciples would use the forest as a hunting ground. The inner sect disciples could easily hunt down those weak demon soldiers.
But now that a Demon General had appeared in the Canopy Forest, all of the Blue Cloud Sect disciples were the Demon General's prey!
Yesterday, not only did Luo Zheng and the others encounter Demon Generals, but the disciples of Jade Maiden Peak also encountered Demon Generals. This showed that there were many Demon Generals in the entire Canopy Forest.
In the past, demon generals rarely appeared in the entire Cang Qiong Forest.
This time around, there were actually so many Demon Generals. What was the reason?
The disciples couldn't understand. After all, White Emperor City was like an impregnable fortress that stood firmly in front of the Asura battlefield. How could it have allowed these Demonic Generals to sneak in?
Could there be a problem with White Emperor City?
They were full of questions, but they couldn't get an answer. It became a stone that weighed down on the hearts of all the Blue Cloud Sect disciples.
After the rays of sunlight penetrated through the leaves and lit up the entire forest, the group extinguished the bonfire and continued their journey.
Although everyone was very worried, no one chose to give up. Moreover, even if they wanted to give up, they would have to turn back the way they came. Who could guarantee that they would not encounter the Demon Clan on the way back?
Xiao Yufeng and the disciples of Jade Maiden Peak continued to advance along the predetermined path.
Because of yesterday's lesson, everyone was much more cautious today. In order to prevent the Demon General from eating them, they put on human skin and hid in the group. Everyone moved in groups of four. At the same time, every hour, Zhu Qianning would wave the Demon Breaking Needle in front of everyone.
After walking like this for two hours, they suddenly heard a shout coming from the front.
Then, there was a series of explosions.
"There's a fight ahead!" Lin Geng's expression changed as he unsheathed his sword.
Many disciples held their weapons in their hands at the same time. At the same time, the men and women divided into two groups and walked forward quickly.
Sure enough, in the forest ahead, there were disciples of the Blue Cloud Sect engaged in a fierce battle with the Demon Clan. For a time, the Demonic Beast Clan's Demonic Beast Clan's Demonic Beast Clan's Demonic Beast Clan's Demonic Beast Clan's Demonic Beast Clan's Demonic Beast Clan's Demonic Beast Clan's Demonic Beast Clan's Demonic Beast Clan's Demonic Beast Clan's Demonic Beast Clan's Demonic Beast Clan
In that battle, the most dazzling person was a young man holding a pair of black and white swords.
In the man's hands, one was black and one was white. Two simple swords were incomparably sharp in his hands. Strands of true essence were attached to the two swords, turning into layers of sword light that shot out in all directions. Facing a Demon General head on, he was actually not at a disadvantage!
"Ah, that's Zhu Tianlai! It's Lone Sky Summit's Senior Brother Zhu! "Zhu Qianning said softly.
Luo Zheng discovered the young man from afar. This inner disciple named Zhu Tianlai was indeed quite strong. Relying on the strength of Xiantian fifth stage, he was actually able to confront a demon general head-on!
There was a reason why Lone Sky Peak was able to surpass the Blue Cloud Sect and become the leader of the thirty-three peaks.
Under normal circumstances, the Demon-Slaying Trial would not send the top inner disciples of their mountain peaks. However, Zhu Tianlai was actually able to deal with a Demon General alone.
But Lone Sky Peak's situation was not much better either.
Because Lone Sky Peak was facing two Demon Generals and dozens of Demon Soldiers.
Aside from Zhu Tianlai confronting a Demon General alone, there were three other inner disciples who were using all their strength to pin down another Demon General. However, those three inner disciples were barely able to face that Demon General. At this moment, they were already surrounded by danger. As long as that Demon General killed any one of the inner disciples, then the scales of victory and defeat would tilt.
"Let's go help!" After Lin Geng finished speaking, the treasured sword in his hand flickered with silver light as he pointed it at a Demon Soldier.
Jade Maiden Peak's disciples and Xiao Yufeng's disciples all rushed towards the surrounding Demon Soldiers.
If it was in the past, the disciples of each mountain peak would not interfere with each other in the Demon-Slaying Trial because the danger was not great.
But now that they were facing a crisis, everyone could only huddle together for warmth. Only in this way would they have a chance to survive.
Although Xiao Yufeng and Jade Maiden Peak's disciples had joined the battle, there was not much change to the battle situation because they did not dare to participate in the battle between Demon Generals.
The Demon General's strength was too terrifying. If one's own strength was insufficient and rashly participated, then one would be killed by the Demon General.
At this moment, only one person was charging towards the Demon General. That person was Luo Zheng.
The three inner disciples of Lone Sky Peak were all at Xiantian stage four.
These three people seemed to have come from the same origin. They formed a triangular formation, each standing on their own position, forming an exceptionally ingenious battle formation. Only then did they barely manage to block the Demon General's attack.
No matter how crazily the Demon General attacked, the three people were always able to find an ingenious angle to neutralize the Demon General's attack.
Theoretically speaking, if the three people cooperated closely, then they would be able to display three times their strength, which would be enough to contend against the Demon General.
However, the battle formation formed by the three people still had a flaw in the end.
Because it was impossible for the three of them to cooperate without any mistakes. As long as any one of the three people made the slightest mistake or took a wrong step, then the Demon General would certainly seize the opportunity to kill one of them. The other two people's lives would also be in danger.
After a series of nerve-wracking changes, a flaw finally appeared in the battle formation of the three people.
One of them was very nervous under the pressure of the Demon General's enormous Demon Aura, so he took a wrong step and pulled too far away from the other two people. By the time he realized it and wanted to save him, it was already too late.
The Demon General let out a loud roar, stretched out its yellowish-brown palm, and grabbed towards one of the three inner disciples.
That person already understood that there was a problem with the battle formation of the three people. Seeing the sharp claws close at hand, his face turned ashen. Other than closing his eyes and waiting for death, he seemed to have no other choice … …
Although everyone was doing their best to resist the Demon Soldier, the majority of people's attention was focused on this side. They all understood that these two Demon Generals were the key to the battle situation. At this moment, seeing the Lone Sky Peak's Iron Triangle Formation being broken by the Demon General, everyone's heart quickly sank.
It was over. The Lone Sky Peak's Iron Triangle Formation had been defeated. Zhu Tianlai had been dealt with by the two Demon Generals. It wouldn't be long before the remaining people … … would all die.
Many people were already calculating whether they should escape at this critical moment. If they could escape, then it would be better!
However, right at that moment, a figure rushed toward the Monstrous General at an extremely fast speed.
That person rushed to the front of the Demon General. His speed didn't decrease in the slightest, and he actually forcefully crashed into the Demon General!
If a human's body was said to be made of flesh and blood, then the Demon Clan's body would be made of steel!
Under such a violent collision, wasn't it equivalent to an egg hitting a rock? Was he seeking death?
Most people thought so.
Only Xiao Yufeng's Lin Geng, Hao Shige, and the rest understood how abnormal Luo Zheng's body was.
"Ah, Senior Zhu, look at that Luo Zheng. Does he not want to live anymore?" A female disciple from Jade Maiden Peak shouted.
When Zhu Qianning saw Luo Zheng charging over without any regard for his life, her expression was unusually complicated. Although she didn't believe that Luo Zheng could actually kill a Demon General with his Half-step to Xiantian strength, how much courage did he need to dare to charge towards a Demon General so bravely under such circumstances?
This young man was definitely a very brave person!
That Demon General had focused all its attention on the three people in front of it. Now that a person suddenly charged out from the side, it glanced at the person from the corner of its eyes. A hint of mockery flashed in those unique ugly eyes of the Demon Clan.
He wasn't even a Xiantian lifeform. Was this human brat courting death by charging at him like this?
Whether it was a Demon or a human, they all felt that Luo Zheng was courting death.
But when Luo Zheng's body, which was much shorter than the Demon Clan, collided with the Demon General's body, a strange scene occurred.
"Bang!"
A muffled sound was heard.
That Demon General's body, which was close to the height of three people, was forcefully sent flying by Luo Zheng. It broke a dozen spruce trees beside it before it came to a stop.

Chapter 103
The Demon Clan's emotional expression was different from that of humans.
But at this moment, the other Demon General who was fighting fiercely with Zhu Tianlai had obviously slowed down. His ugly eyes were staring at Luo Zheng, and his eyes were constantly shaking.
Shaking the eyes was the Demon Clan's way of expressing shock.
At this moment, it should be a good opportunity for Zhu Tianlai to attack.
But Zhu Tianlai, who was holding the black and white swords and attacking fiercely, actually let go of an opportunity to attack. He looked at Luo Zheng with the same shocked eyes.
If he hadn't seen it with his own eyes, he wouldn't have believed that a half-step Xiantian boy could knock a Demon General away with brute force.
Zhu Tianlai was also very anxious. Although he could rely on the black and white swords and his secret technique to ensure that he wouldn't be defeated by a Demon General, he was very clear about the strength of his three Junior Brothers from Tianyi Peak. Their battle formation couldn't hold on for long, and once the three of them were defeated, he wouldn't be able to resist the two Demon Generals.
It was just that Zhu Tianlai never expected that a half-step Xiantian warrior would appear halfway. Looking at that guy's clothes, he was actually wearing a white robe. Was he an outer disciple?
It was this white-robed man who, under the violent impact, had actually knocked the Demon General several feet away!
This sudden attack surprised Zhu Tianlai, but at the same time, he saw hope. The black and white swords in his hands attacked the Demon General even more fiercely.
Zhu Qianning gently covered her small mouth with her hand and stared blankly at Luo Zheng, who was in a cloud of dust.
At this moment, Luo Zheng's aura was completely different from before. The aura he exuded was abnormally confident and domineering, with a kind of spirit that said, "Who else but me can do it?"
Although she and Luo Zheng had only known each other for a short time, for some reason, that aura made her heart beat extremely fast!
At this moment, only Xiao Yufeng's disciples were slightly calm, because they had already seen Luo Zheng's brute force and his strange attack methods.
"Roar!"
After being hit by Luo Zheng's attack, the Demon General was sent flying several meters away. With a howl, it crawled up from the ground.
With a furious roar, a crazy demonic aura immediately spread out. Within the demonic aura, there was boundless anger. Anyone could feel that the Monster General was truly furious.
The Demon General also understood that Luo Zheng was special. However, the enraged Demon General was only thinking about how to tear Luo Zheng to shreds.
Through their last exchange, Luo Zheng had already understood the strength and weaknesses of the Demon Generals.
Compared to humans, Fey Soldiers' attacks were more simplistic. They mostly relied on pure strength and the collision of their bodies. It was the same for Fey Generals. However, Fey Generals could use the bone spikes in their bodies to launch a sudden attack. The toughness of the bone spikes was comparable to a spiritual weapon! Moreover, when it pierced out from the body, it would often catch people off guard.
In terms of pure physical strength, Luo Zheng was the least afraid!
Facing the enraged Demon General, Luo Zheng spread out his hands. The Heavenly Devil True Qi stored in his dantian slowly flowed along his meridians.
Luo Zheng clenched his fist and pushed it forward, pointing it directly at the Demon General who was madly charging over. His eyes were filled with calmness.
"Get out of the way!"
"Be careful of the Demon General's bone spikes!"
Someone warned.
Even though Luo Zheng's terrifying impact just now had knocked away the Demon General who was caught off guard.
However, many people still stubbornly believed that Luo Zheng's strength was not enough to deal with the Demon General.
Humans were used to comparing their strength to others.
For example, the person who warned Luo Zheng was already a Xiantian lifeform. However, thinking back to when he was a half-step Xiantian lifeform, he was afraid that he would not be able to last more than one round against this Demon General.
These people's warnings were also out of goodwill. Luo Zheng had no time to be distracted. He could only stare at the Demon General who was charging towards him without any distractions.
Four bone spikes had already protruded from the Demon General's shoulder. When Luo Zheng was still a few meters away, the four bone spikes rapidly pierced out from its body, ruthlessly stabbing towards Luo Zheng.
Luo Zheng lowered his body, retreated, dodged, turned around, and circled around to the side. His movements were coherent and smooth. He was already close to the Demon General's side, and his fist was aimed at the Demon General's ribs.
"Demon Moves the World!"
Luo Zheng's movements looked extremely nimble, but in fact, every movement and every detail had been carefully calculated by him. He strived to not make the slightest mistake.
Compared to the Demon General's huge body, Luo Zheng's fist was pitifully small.
However, just as Luo Zheng's fist was about to hit the Demon General's body, a huge purple-black fist shadow appeared and drilled into the Demon General's body at an extremely fast speed.
The speed at which that fist shadow appeared was extremely fast, and the speed at which it disappeared was similarly extremely fast. Almost no one noticed it.
Everyone only saw Luo Zheng's light fist, but they didn't know just how terrifying of a power this fist carried.
"Pu!"
A light muffled sound could be heard from that Demon General's body.
That Demon General suddenly backed up, his steps a bit staggering, swaying back and forth as if he was drunk.
When he saw this Demon General's current appearance, Luo Zheng was also greatly shocked.
Up until now, Luo Zheng had only used the Demonic God Fist against a single enemy, and that was precisely Purgatory Mountain's Wang Yanmiao.
However, that time, Luo Zheng's' Demon Moves the World 'was easily stopped by Wang Yanmiao, neutralized by Wang Yanmiao's lotus flowers one after another.
It was also precisely because of that fist that Luo Zheng was able to survive under Wang Yanmiao's tremendous pressure.
That was why Luo Zheng couldn't predict just how powerful this Demonic God Fist truly was.
The Fey General kept retreating in extreme pain. When he raised his hand, the brownish-yellow arm fell from his body. From the wound on the arm, purplish-black Yuan Qi constantly emitted. The flesh and blood in the arm had been completely devoured by the Heavenly Devil True Energy!
At the same time, within the Demon General's chest, waves of Demonic True Energy also surged. All of the flesh within this Demon General's body was already 'eaten' by the Demonic True Energy.
This Demon General's state of death was extremely miserable. Luo Zheng didn't expect this Demonic True Energy to be so tyrannical either. Only when all of the flesh was completely devoured, when that Demon General was completely eaten, did the purple-black Demonic True Energy gradually scatter between heaven and earth …
The Blue Cloud Sect disciples here were all martial artists, more than half of them Xiantian lifeforms, so they were naturally extremely familiar with true energy and true essence.
However, none of them had ever seen such tyrannical true energy. It was actually able to infiltrate another's body and devour their flesh and blood!
Although Luo Zheng understood that the Demonic True Energy seemed to have the property of 'devouring', this Demonic True Energy seemed to have only devoured the lotus formed by Wang Yanmiao's true energy, as well as the 'Purple Sandalwood True Energy' in Luo Zheng's dantian. He didn't expect that the Demonic True Energy could actually devour the flesh and blood of a Demon …
Therefore, when Luo Zheng saw that his attack had caused such terrifying damage, he was also extremely shocked.
Demons were different from saber insects.
Most blade insects didn't have intelligence. Even the leader of the blade insects was controlled by the Blade Insect Queen. If the Blade Insect Queen ordered them to die or commit suicide, those blade insects wouldn't resist at all.
However, even the lowest level of the Demon Race had their own consciousness and intelligence. Like humans, they could feel fear and dread.
The Demon General that was currently fighting with the Lone Sky Peak disciple, Zhu Tianlai, saw that his companion had died tragically, and that he was continuously entangled with this brat wielding black and white swords in front of him. After attacking for a long time without success, the Demon General began to have thoughts of retreating.
However, the situation was often like this.
In the beginning, the Blue Cloud Sect disciples were fearful. None of them dared to charge at the Demon General and throw their lives away. However, when they saw that Luo Zheng had killed a Demon General in such a short period of time, their morale was greatly boosted. They all surrounded the Demon General.
The Demon General feinted and forced Zhu Tianlai to retreat. Then, he immediately tried to escape.
"Whoosh!" A dazzling silver sword beam shot over. It was Lin Geng's attack. He wanted to block the Demon General's escape route.
However, how strong was the Demon General's body? It completely ignored Lin Geng's sword beam and allowed the silver light to cut its body. It only left a few shallow cuts on its skin. It didn't get in the way at all.
Apart from Lin Geng, the other inner sect disciples also took action. However, none of them could stop the Demon General from escaping.
At this moment, everyone felt their eardrums tremble. Immediately, a buzzing sound was heard. It was extremely uncomfortable in their ears.
Everyone looked towards the source of the strange sound and saw Zhu Qianning holding a jade box. That jade box was one of the Family Zhu's ultimate weapons: Frightening Dragon.
She had already activated "Frightening Dragon".
The moment "Frightening Dragon" was activated, a strong flow of energy was activated. The jade box in her hand began to glow and heat up. In the blink of an eye, a burning dragon-shaped vital essence rushed out of the jade box.
Only those in the Illuminating Spirit Realm could burn their True Yuan to obtain more power.
Luo Zheng looked at the giant dragon that was constantly burning with true essence, and couldn't help but sigh in his heart. The Zhu Family's level of concealed weapons was so high, they could really create a strike that was comparable to the full power of a Divine Reflection Stage powerhouse!
The power of "Frightening Dragon" was unparalleled. It could kill any Connate lifeform below the Divine Reflection Realm.
After the crazily flying dragon rushed out of the jade box, it rushed forward. Judging by its power, it seemed to want to turn everything that dared to block its path into dust.
Seeing this, the Demon General jumped in fright. It was one thing for a Half-step to Inborn fella to kill his Demon General comrade, but now, the Demon General had been killed.
However, the attack released by the little girl in front of it made it even more fearful!
The Demon General sighed inwardly. Was it just bad luck, or had humans improved to such a level? Why were these juniors so difficult to deal with?
In the nick of time, the Daemon General rolled on the ground in a sorry state to avoid the direct impact of the dragon. However, a portion of the dragon still managed to hit the Daemon General, severely injuring his left arm.
"This little girl seems to be using some kind of hidden weapon. Her strength isn't that high." Thinking of this, the Demon General got up from the ground and rushed towards Zhu Qianning.
"Unfortunately … Zhu Qianning isn't a Divine Reflection Realm master. Otherwise, with this attack, she would definitely be able to severely injure the Demon General … What does that Demon General want to do!" Luo Zheng was still sighing, but when he saw the Daemon General rushing towards Zhu Qianning, he was the first to react. He took a step forward and rushed forward.
＝＝＝＝＝

Chapter 104
Right now, the three individuals who reacted the fastest were respectively Luo Zheng, Zhu Tianlai, and Lin Geng.
However, the difference in speed between the three of them and the Fiend General was too great.
When that Fiend General approached Zhu Qianning, it reached out its arm, grabbing Zhu Qianning under its ribs, and then began to run.
Zhu Qianning didn't expect that when she used 'Terror Dragon' to attack that Fiend General, she would instead be captured by that Fiend General. An expression of alarm and uneasiness appeared on her face, at the same time frantically struggling.
Unfortunately, the difference in strength between her and the Fiend General was too great. That Fiend General only exerted a bit of force, a slight squeeze, and then she fainted.
When they saw that Zhu Qianning was captured, everyone's expressions became a bit ugly.
Those female disciples from Jade Maiden Peak even more so lost their color. After all, Zhu Qianning was the core of their Jade Maiden Peak.
"What do we do? Senior Sister Zhu was captured by that Fiend General! "
"Who can save her?"
"Now that she has fallen into that fiend race's hands, everything points to disaster for senior sister."
Apart from crying, these female disciples could only feel their hands bound and helpless.
Lin Geng, Zhu Tianlai, and some inner disciples' expressions were also a bit overcast. They originally thought that they could rely on Luo Zheng to win today's battle beautifully, to the extent where they could even create a miracle against the Fiend General. They never expected that in the end, they would be caught in a trap by that Fiend General!
Chase? That didn't seem too realistic.
Even if it was Zhu Tianlai, even though he could face a Fiend General without being defeated, if he wanted to kill or capture a Fiend General, that was something that was almost impossible.
Luo Zheng stood in place, his expression complicated.
Normally, Luo Zheng wouldn't be so nosy as to save the life of a woman who didn't have much relationship with him.
However, when he saw that Zhu Qianning was captured by that fiend race, the expression she revealed instead made him recall his own younger sister, Luo Yan.
That day on Purgatory Mountain, even though Luo Zheng didn't see Luo Yan's true appearance, he reckoned that Luo Yan was just like Zhu Qianning, this helpless!
"Chase!"
Therefore, Luo Zheng clenched his teeth. The Heavenly Devil True Qi in his body surged, and streams of power gathered on his legs.
Then, he took a step forward and chased after the Daemon General.
Before this, everyone had already seen Luo Zheng's strength. He was the only one who could kill a Daemon General. If there was anyone present who could save Zhu Qianning, it could only be Luo Zheng!
A ray of hope suddenly rose in everyone's heart.
After Luo Zheng left, the remaining people began to clean up the battlefield.
In the battle with the two Daemon Generals and the Daemon Soldiers, not a single Blue Cloud Sect disciple died. Only a few disciples were injured.
However, everyone understood that if it weren't for Luo Zheng, it wouldn't have been a matter of getting injured. Everyone present would probably have died.
As soon as Luo Zheng left, another ten Blue Cloud Sect disciples gathered.
These ten Blue Cloud Sect disciples were Heavenly Fury Peak's disciples. Compared to the other peaks, Heavenly Fury Peak's group's luck was a bit better. During this Monster Slaying Trial, everything went smoothly. Apart from encountering a few Daemon Soldiers, they actually didn't encounter a single Daemon General.
The one leading Heavenly Fury Peak's group was precisely the inner sect disciple Zhuge Ye.
Even though Zhuge Ye's strength could only be ranked second in this group.
However, Family Zhuge's disciples all occupied Heavenly Fury Peak, for example, Zhuge Shenhun, Zhuge Feng, and other peerless geniuses. That was why Zhuge Ye's status in Heavenly Fury Peak also rose. The other disciples didn't dare offend Family Zhuge.
When Zhuge Ye approached, his eyes landed on Lin Geng's body. His face sunk, and then he asked, "Where's Luo Zheng? Could it be that he's already dead? His life should be taken by me. If he died in the hands of a Daemon Soldier, it would be too easy for him. "
Zhuge Ye touched a sore spot. Luo Zheng had just saved everyone's life, and he immediately said such words. When Tianyi Peak, Xiao Yufeng, and Jade Maiden Peak's disciples heard this, they instantly exploded. Each and every one of them frowned and looked at Lin Geng coldly.
Lin Geng also said with an unfriendly expression, "Luo Zheng naturally didn't die. However, you want to take his life?" Lin Geng sneered and shook his head, "You're not qualified."
"How dare you! Try saying that again?" Zhuge Ye coldly shouted.
"Who do you think you are? Xiao Yufeng is at the bottom of the thirty-three peaks. How dare you say such words? "
"You're called Lin Geng, right? You're a bit famous on Xiao Yufeng. However, if you were placed in our Heavenly Fury Peak, I'm afraid you wouldn't even be able to enter the inner sect. Haha! "
The two inner sect disciples beside Zhuge Ye immediately chimed in.
Lin Geng seemed to have thrown caution to the wind. He unsheathed his sword and pointed it at the people of Heavenly Fury Peak, "Although I, Lin Geng, am a nobody, I'm not someone who's afraid of death. With your Heavenly Fury Peak's skills, you don't even have the qualifications to fight with Luo Zheng, let alone take his life!"
The biggest impact on Lin Geng in this Demon Slaying Trial was Luo Zheng.
Previously, Lin Geng looked at Luo Zheng with prejudice and threatened Luo Zheng. However, he didn't expect Luo Zheng to not care about the past and even save him from danger.
Lin Geng wasn't an ungrateful person. At the same time, he understood the difference in strength between himself and Luo Zheng. He also understood the principle of knowing shame and then bravery.
Seeing Lin Geng unsheathe his sword, Xiao Yufeng and the others also unsheathed their weapons. For a moment, swords were drawn between the two peaks!
Zhuge Ye said with a sinister smile, "Since when did Xiao Yufeng's disciples have the qualifications to be so unyielding? Do you really think you can win against my Heavenly Fury Peak? "
Heavenly Fury Peak was ranked sixth among all the peaks, while Xiao Yufeng was ranked 33rd, last place.
Previously, when Xiao Yufeng's outer sect was challenged by Vulture Peak, it was obvious that they were at a disadvantage. It was all thanks to Luo Zheng's strength that they turned the situation around.
One could imagine how big the difference in strength was between Xiao Yufeng and Heavenly Fury Peak.
Therefore, Zhuge Ye didn't think much of Xiao Yufeng and the others. Other than Lin Geng, who could withstand a little, the others didn't have the qualifications to last more than three moves from him.
Although Xiao Yufeng and the others were holding on, their expressions were still ugly. This was because they knew that they weren't a match for Heavenly Fury Peak!
However, after being influenced by Luo Zheng, they understood that true courage was to do something despite knowing that it was impossible!
Just as swords were drawn and the battle was about to start, Zhu Tianlai slowly walked over with the black and white swords in his hands.
"It might be a little difficult for Xiao Yufeng to win against your Heavenly Fury Peak, but what if my Tianyi Peak joins in?" Zhu Tianlai said indifferently.
"You? Zhu Tianlai? "Zhuge Ye's expression instantly turned ugly.
Among the 33 peaks of Green Cloud Peak, Tianyi Peak was the strongest!
Although Zhu Tianlai wasn't the strongest disciple in Tianyi Peak, he definitely wasn't weak.
Zhu Tianlai nodded, "I also agree with Lin Geng. You … don't have the qualifications to challenge Luo Zheng!"
Zhuge Ye's face darkened, "Zhu Tianlai, do you really want to join in? Aren't you afraid of our Family Zhuge? "
Zhu Tianlai smiled, "I'm not a descendant of a landowning household, but Zhuge Ye, do you really think that everyone will be afraid of your Eight Great Landowning Households?"
The Blue Cloud Sect had always favored powerful and talented disciples, and Zhu Tianlai was definitely one of them. With Zhu Tianlai's current status in Tianyi Peak, even if the Family Zhuge wanted to touch him, they would have to think for a long time and weigh the price.
The Family Zhuge wouldn't pay a high price to deal with Zhu Tianlai for such a small matter.
Therefore, Zhu Tianlai had nothing to fear.
"Why? Why would the dignified Tianyi Peak stand up for Luo Zheng? "Zhuge Ye didn't understand, and so did the disciples of Heavenly Fury Peak behind him.
As the strongest peak of the 33 peaks, Tianyi Peak had always thought highly of themselves. When had they ever looked down on the disciples of other peaks?
But now, they were willing to stand up for Luo Zheng. There must be a reason behind it.
Zhu Tianlai smiled faintly and counted the number of disciples of Heavenly Fury Peak, "One, two, three, four, five, six, seven, eight, ninety. None of you died. It must be interesting to wander around Cang Qiong Forest, right?"
"We also encountered a few waves of Demon Soldiers. What do you mean?" Zhuge Ye frowned even more. He couldn't understand what Zhu Tianlai was trying to do.
Zhu Tianlai laughed, "This time, the Demon Soldiers that sneaked into Cang Qiong Forest weren't the only ones. There were also many Demon Generals."
"What? Demon Generals? "Zhuge Ye's face changed.
The disciples of Heaven's Wrath Peak also revealed fearful expressions.
They were very relaxed on the way here. It was just some Demon Soldiers. As long as the inner disciples performed well, dealing with those Demon Soldiers would be as easy as cutting vegetables.
But when they heard the words "Demon Generals", they naturally understood how dangerous it was. At least in their Heavenly Fury Peak, no one could deal with Demon Generals. If they encountered Demon Generals, they wouldn't even be able to escape. There was no other choice but to die.
"Do you know why I said that you don't have the qualifications to challenge Luo Zheng?" Zhu Tianlai smiled disdainfully, "Luo Zheng killed a Demon General."
Lin Geng suddenly said, "No, it's two! He killed one before this! "
Hearing Zhu Tianlai and Lin Geng's words, Zhuge Ye's expression was very rich. It kept twisting and changing. In the end, he said, "Impossible!"
With Zhu Tianlai's strength, he didn't want to waste time with Zhuge Ye. He just waved the black and white swords in his hands, "I don't care if you believe it or not. If you meet Luo Zheng in the future, you can challenge him. I guarantee that you'll lose like a dog. Also, I advise you not to cause trouble here. If you're afraid of death, then stay with us obediently. If you're not afraid, then you can choose to leave. But if you cause trouble here — — I don't think any of the ten of you are a match for me. "
Zhu Tianlai's words immediately put the disciples of Heavenly Fury Peak in a dilemma.
If they stayed here, it would be too embarrassing. Everyone was ridiculing them.
If they left, it was said that there was a Demon General in Cang Qiong Forest! If they encountered a Demon General, how miserable would their fates be?
But after thinking about it, the disciples of Heavenly Fury Peak decided to stay. Losing face was a small matter, but losing their lives was a big matter!

Chapter 105
An agile figure was running madly in the Canopy Forest.
Luo Zheng had already raised his speed to the limit.
Borrowing the power of the dragon scale, he poured that heaven-defying power into his legs and madly strode forward.
Every time Luo Zheng stepped on the ground, the soft soil would be crushed, creating a huge pit! Borrowing this power, Luo Zheng took another step and continued to run forward.
He sprinted all the way, like a giant beast making a huge noise in the forest, creating thousands of huge pits … …
Although using this method to increase his speed was very clumsy, it was very effective. It was also the only way Luo Zheng could use.
Even if he maintained this speed, Luo Zheng still couldn't catch up with the Goblin General in front of him. Moreover, the distance between them was getting wider and wider.
When he had just started, Luo Zheng could still see the Goblin General and Zhu Qianning.
Now, he could only faintly see the Goblin General's figure through the gaps between the spruce trunks.
Under this chase, the Goblin General and the Goblin General were both extremely fast.
If they kept running at a relatively uniform speed, whether it was Luo Zheng or the Goblin General, they would probably run for a month or even two months without a problem. Whether it was a martial artist or a Goblin General, they had already surpassed the limits of life.
However, Luo Zheng and the Goblin General were both sprinting at an extremely high speed. It wouldn't be a problem for them to continue like this for the time it takes to burn a stick of incense.
However, this continued for an hour, two hours, four hours … …
Even the Goblin Clan, which was known for its endurance and tenacity, gradually couldn't hold on and gradually slowed down.
However, Luo Zheng's physical condition was far better than that Goblin General's.
The reason was that Luo Zheng's power was extracted from the dragon scale of the Qinglong sculpture in his mind. As long as Luo Zheng felt that his strength was slightly exhausted, the dragon scale would flicker and Luo Zheng's strength would be restored.
However, after repeatedly extracting the power from the dragon scale, the green radiance on the dragon scale slowly dimmed.
From the looks of it, the power within the dragon scales was not limitless. If too much was extracted, the power within would be squeezed dry.
"But that Demon General is getting slower and slower. He shouldn't be able to last much longer," Luo Zheng thought to himself. His feet didn't stop for even a moment as he continued to chase. No matter what, he had to save Zhu Qianning from that Demon General.
The Demon General at the front also felt helpless.
The bodies of demons were far stronger than that of humans.
The Demon General didn't think that the human kid could catch up to him at all.
In fact, this was indeed the case at the beginning. That human brat's speed was far behind from the beginning, but it soon discovered that the human brat seemed to have activated some kind of secret technique, and his speed increased greatly. Now, he was only slightly faster than it.
From the moment that human brat killed his Demon Clan companion, this Demon General had already sensed the strangeness of the human brat. The strength that was hidden in the depths of his heart was far more powerful than it seemed.
However, no matter how strong it was, there had to be a limit. This guy was only a Half-step to Inborn. How could he catch up with it?
Furthermore, as a dignified Demon General, why would it be afraid of a Half-step to Inborn guy?
That guy didn't even have Vital Essence. There was only Vital Essence in his body. Wasn't it as easy as squashing an ant in front of it in the past?
It really didn't make sense …
The Demon General wanted to stop and counterattack. He wanted to get rid of that brat first.
However, when it thought of its companion, who was also a Demon General, dying miserably at the hands of that brat, it put away this thought.
Along the way, the Demon General had already used its Demon Aura to release a special signal that could summon other Demon Generals not far away. If it waited for three or four Demon Generals to meet up with it, it would be too easy to get rid of this brat.
Thinking of this, its already exhausted body gained some strength out of thin air, and it continued to run forward.
Luo Zheng also understood the principle of not chasing a cornered enemy. However, he had to save Zhu Qianning no matter what, so he couldn't give up.
Seeing that the distance was getting closer and closer, Luo Zheng's fingers moved slightly, and the broken flying knife jumped into his hand!
Taking advantage of the moment when he stomped his foot on the ground and rushed forward, the broken flying dagger had already shot towards the back of the Demon Clan.
"Whoosh —"
Because the speed was too fast and the strength was too great, the broken flying knife cut through the air in front of it, making a violent whistling sound.
When the Demon General heard the sound behind him, he turned around and saw the flying knife. A cold smile appeared on his ugly face. His shoulder trembled, and a bone spur grew out from his shoulder and shot towards the broken flying knife.
If the bone spur had shot at the broken flying knife from the side, it might have been able to deflect the flying knife.
However, this Demon General had never seen the power of the broken flying knife. He thought that with the hardness of his bone spur, it should be easy to block the flying knife.
However, when the bone spur that he was so proud of clashed with the broken flying knife, an inconceivable scene appeared.
The bone spike, which was as hard and strong as a spirit weapon, was unable to stop the flying dagger in the slightest. It was cut in half by the flying dagger, and the flying dagger continued to fly towards the demon general with great inertia.
Due to his previous misjudgment, the distance between the flying knife and the Demon General was not far.
Under the circumstances, the Demon General could only roll on the ground to avoid the terrifying flying knife.
This roll greatly affected the Demon General's speed. Luo Zheng quickly caught up from behind. At the same time, he jumped up and clapped his hands. Streaks of purple-black Heavenly Demon True Qi gathered in Luo Zheng's hands. Then, he slapped the Demon General with all his strength.
A dignified Demon General was in a very sorry state at this moment.
Seeing Luo Zheng's attack, not only did he not dare to face it head-on, he took advantage of the momentum to roll on the ground again to avoid Luo Zheng's palms. He continued to carry the unconscious Zhu Qianning and ran forward.
Luo Zheng's palms slapped into the ground. Only a rumbling sound was heard. Under the force of Luo Zheng's powerful palms, a hill bulged out from the ground. The Heavenly Demon True Qi continuously swallowed, shuttled, and surged through the ground.
After a while, the hill quickly sank into the ground and turned into a huge sinkhole in the blink of an eye!
Although the power of the Heavenly Demon God Fist surprised Luo Zheng himself, now was not the time to be surprised.
He pulled out his palms from the ground and gently clasped the iron ring with his thumbs. The broken flying knife, which was lost somewhere, flew back into his hands. He continued to walk and chased after the Demon General.
With the lesson just now, the Demon General was extremely vigilant towards Luo Zheng's every move.
Every time Luo Zheng shot it with the flying knife, it would punch the spruce trees on both sides. These spruce trees were as thick as a person. Although the falling tree trunks could not block the sharp flying knife, being hit by the spruce tree trunks was enough to affect the accuracy of the flying knife.
Therefore, Luo Zheng's several flying knives did not have any effect.
For a moment, the chase between Luo Zheng and the Demon General became an unbreakable deadlock.
However, this deadlock did not last long.
The Demon General stopped on his own initiative and faced Luo Zheng. Its pair of strange eyes stared at Luo Zheng, and it spoke in an unpleasant voice, "Human, have you chased enough?"
"Huff, huff, huff …"
The broken flying knife spun and cut off two spruce tree trunks before returning to his hands.
Holding the flying knife, Luo Zheng moved his body and said coldly, "Put her down and I'll let you go."
"The mechanism on this woman's body is very interesting. I have to take her away!" the Demon General said.
"In that case, I'm afraid you won't be able to leave." Luo Zheng pointed the flying knife at the Demon General. His body slightly leaned forward, like a cheetah about to pounce on its prey, ready to strike.
The Demon General let out an ear-piercing laugh: "Is that so? I think I don't know who won't be able to leave now! "
Just as the Demon General's voice fell, from Luo Zheng's side, behind, and right … came waves of intense Demon Qi at the same time!
Three Demon Generals?
No! It was five!
Including the Demon General in front of him, there were six Demon Generals in total.
Facing the six torrent-like Demon Qi pressure, Luo Zheng's expression suddenly became very unsightly.
With Luo Zheng's current true strength, dealing with one Demon General was not too big of a problem.
Facing two Demon Generals, Luo Zheng was confident that he was in an invincible position. But if he ran into three Demon Generals, he was afraid that he could only run for his life.
But now there were six Demon Generals coming at once …
Even if he could escape, he was afraid that there was no hope.
"Keke!" Looking at Zhu Qianning, the Demon General let out a strange laugh. Although that ugly face was completely different from a human's, Luo Zheng still felt that it was very proud.
"Kekekeke …"
Behind Luo Zheng, the Demon Generals surrounding him also let out the same laugh.
Standing in the center, Luo Zheng's expression was unusually calm.
The number of times Luo Zheng walked between life and death was already very many.
Facing this kind of predicament, Luo Zheng deeply understood that he absolutely could not panic, because panic would not help the situation at all. Instead, it would make him panic.
In a desperate situation, he could only fight!
Even if he died, he would have no regrets.
"Puff."
Luo Zheng threw the broken throwing knife on the ground. The knife's edge aimed at the ground and shot into the depths of the earth without any obstruction. Then he smiled at the Demon General in front of him.
That Demon General suddenly stared blankly. Was this human brat crazy? How could he still smile at a time like this? And he even stabbed his weapon into the ground? What kind of trick was he trying to play?
"Keke, no matter what kind of trick you play, don't even think about escaping. You'd better accept your fate. Miraculous human brat, your flesh is already very delicious …" After saying that, the Demon General waved his hand. The several Demon Generals around him all rushed towards Luo Zheng!
Luo Zheng no longer listened to the Demon General's nonsense. Demons were not humans, so it was meaningless to communicate with him.
Luo Zheng opened his hands completely horizontally. Then his body suddenly started to spin.

Chapter 106
Luo Zheng was like a spinning top, spinning faster and faster. Due to the drag of the ring on Luo Zheng's thumb, the flying dagger was affected by the centrifugal force, causing it to spin several times faster than Luo Zheng himself.
The soil underground was loose and soft. Even if it came into contact with a hard rock, it would be instantly cut open by the flying dagger, not to mention the tree roots, earthworms, and other mollusks hiding in the ground.
But from the ground, there was no movement at all.
The Demon Generals were getting closer and closer to Luo Zheng.
Twenty zhang …
Ten zhang …
Fifty zhang …
Thirty zhang …
The Demon Generals were getting closer and closer, and the Demon Qi was getting denser and denser.
But Luo Zheng, who was in the center, was not affected by the Demon Qi at all. It was as if he had forgotten everything and was madly spinning on his own.
"Now is the time!"
When the Demon Generals were only one zhang away from Luo Zheng, Luo Zheng suddenly raised his hand and jumped high into the air.
The flying dagger was spinning at an extremely high speed on the ground with Luo Zheng as the center. As soon as Luo Zheng raised it, the flying dagger suddenly broke out of the ground. After drawing a crescent moon on the ground, it slashed towards the Demon Generals who were surrounding him.
This attack was extremely covert, and it was out of the Demon Generals' expectations. Before they could dodge, the flying dagger slashed through their bodies.
"Puff puff puff …"
One of the Demon General's arms was neatly cut off.
A terrible wound appeared on the chest of the second Demon General.
The stomach of the third Demon General was cut open by the flying dagger …
The fourth …
"Ouch!" The Demon Generals all howled in pain.
They originally thought that this prey was like a white rabbit that was surrounded in a blind spot, and that they could easily catch it. They didn't expect that this human brat's counterattack at the last moment would be so sharp!
In fact, Luo Zheng was gambling when he thought of this move at the last moment!
If one of the Demon Generals had pounced on him in advance, his move would not have been effective!
But the Demon Generals' movements were too uniform, and Luo Zheng controlled the range of the flying dagger with great precision. That was why he was able to seriously injure the Demon Generals in one blow.
But at this moment, Luo Zheng's heart was not at ease. The Demon Race's body was much stronger than that of humans. If a human was seriously injured, they would definitely lose the ability to fight, but the Demon Race often had their last breath left, and could fight until the last moment!
While they were howling, Luo Zheng rushed towards the Demon General who had lured him in the beginning.
Luo Zheng wanted to leave, but he also wanted to take Zhu Qianning.
Luo Zheng's eyes.................................
The Demon General was holding onto the unconscious Zhu Qianning, immersed in the sudden change of events. Seeing the flying dagger, he suddenly reacted. In a moment of desperation, he suddenly lifted Zhu Qianning and used her as a shield.
If the flying dagger wanted to hurt the Demon General, it would inevitably pierce through Zhu Qianning.
In desperation, Luo Zheng could only shake his hand and pull back the flying knife that was shot out.
Luo Zheng's mood didn't change in the slightest as his fierce attack was neutralized by the Demon General using such a despicable method.
There was no such thing as despicable in a battle against a foreign race. Only by defeating and killing the other party by fair means or foul could the race survive.
Holding the flying dagger in his hand, Luo Zheng's Heavenly Devil Zhenqi surged through his body like a tide. He approached the Demon General with an even faster gait.
As long as he took Zhu Qianning back from the Demon General's hands, Luo Zheng wouldn't have to continue fighting.
But just as he was about to approach the Demon General, his expression darkened. A bone spur suddenly shot from his body towards Luo Zheng.
Even though Luo Zheng had a body of spiritual aura, he couldn't avoid being injured when pierced by this hard and sharp bone spur.
He could only lower his body to avoid this bone spur.
"Whoosh!"
Immediately after, another bone spur forced Luo Zheng to take two steps back.
"Whoosh whoosh whoosh whoosh …"
The injured Fey Generals all shot out the bone spikes in their bodies.
Six Demon Generals continuously shot bone spurs at Luo Zheng. Among them, Luo Zheng could only dodge. He simply couldn't find a chance to catch his breath!
In the beginning, Luo Zheng still had room to dodge. But as the number of bone spurs increased, Luo Zheng couldn't dodge anymore!
"Puff!"
A bone spur directly hit Luo Zheng's thigh. The entire bone spur pierced through his inner thigh and came out from the outside!
"Puff puff puff!"
After the first bone spur pierced through Luo Zheng's thigh, the long bone spur embedded itself in his leg, hindering his movements. The other bone spurs stabbed Luo Zheng like a swarm of bees. His arms, arms, and legs were all pierced by bone spurs in succession …
Although Luo Zheng had cultivated a Spiritual Artifact Body, his body still felt pain. Previously, his body was able to generate warm currents. If it was palm force or fist force, most of it would be converted into warm currents. Therefore, Luo Zheng had never suffered such serious injuries, nor had he ever felt such pain!
At this moment, Luo Zheng was half-squatting on the ground. Seven or eight bone spurs pierced through his body. He couldn't even walk normally and could only maintain that half-squatting posture.
"Jiejiejiejie …"
The demon general who kidnapped Zhu Qianning laughed again at this moment.
The demon generals who were injured by Luo Zheng's broken flying daggers recovered very quickly. At this moment, they stood up one by one and kept talking in the demon language. They were probably discussing whether or not to kill this strange human brat.
After all, a half-step Xiantian human brat still had considerable research value. If they captured him and brought him back, they might be able to dig out some secrets from Luo Zheng.
If an intelligent race wanted to continue to grow stronger, they had to absorb the advantages and specialties of other races!
In the past, the demon race didn't have their own culture. But in the constant battles with humans, they obtained some human culture and finally formed their own language. Step by step, they unearthed the cultivation methods of humans, and so on, and used everything they could.
On this point, the human race and the demon race also realized the principle of taking advantage of other people's strengths to make up for their own weaknesses. They broke the moral fence of the past. Therefore, the human race and the demon race became friendly and learned from each other's characteristics.
Drop by drop, blood flowed out from the wounds and dyed the bone spurs that pierced Luo Zheng's body red.
For most people, being pierced by several bone spurs was already a dead end.
But Luo Zheng still didn't give up. He knelt on one knee and looked at the demon generals quietly. At the same time, he quietly operated the Heavenly Demon Genuine Qi in his dantian.
He wanted to use the characteristics of the Heavenly Demon Genuine Qi to devour the bone spurs that were stuck in his body!
No matter how great the adversity, he had to keep calm. Only in this way could he have a chance to turn the tables …
While controlling the Heavenly Demon Genuine Qi, Luo Zheng kept reminding himself in his heart to stay calm, stay calm!
At this moment, Zhu Qianning, who had just fainted, opened her eyes.
Her long eyelashes trembled slightly. The moment she opened her eyes, she saw Luo Zheng kneeling on one knee on the ground. Several long bone spurs had completely pierced through him, and he was covered in blood.
"Luo … Luo Zheng?"
Zhu Qianning couldn't help but cry out.
When she was taken away by the demon generals, she already knew that she was really in danger this time.
But Zhu Qianning never expected that Luo Zheng would be willing to risk his life to save her. Looking at the demon generals around her, Zhu Qianning also understood that Luo Zheng was also in a desperate situation this time.
This young man, who had only known her for a day, was actually willing to take such a big risk to save her …
Thinking of this, Zhu Qianning was extremely moved.
Hearing Zhu Qianning's cry, Luo Zheng just smiled faintly at her. At this moment, he had no time to be distracted. He was fully operating the Heavenly Demon Genuine Qi to devour those bone spurs bit by bit …
The demon generals around Luo Zheng were discussing and discussing in their demon race's language.
From the looks of it, they seemed to have finally discussed a way to deal with him.
A bone spur suddenly protruded from the arm of one of the demon generals. That demon general aimed the bone spur at Luo Zheng's head.
"It seems that they still want to kill me." Looking at the bone spur aimed at him, Luo Zheng's eyes flashed with a touch of ruthlessness. The Heavenly Demon Genuine Qi in his body also accelerated the devouring speed by thirty percent.
Just as that demon general was about to stab Luo Zheng with the bone spur, several muffled sounds came from Luo Zheng's body.
"Pa, pa pa …"
That was the sound of the bone spurs piercing Luo Zheng's body breaking.
At this critical juncture, Luo Zheng finally swallowed all the bone spurs in his body and cut them off!
Those bone spurs broke in the middle and fell from Luo Zheng's wounds. Luo Zheng, who was no longer bound by the bone spurs, regained his freedom!
"Even if I die, I'll drag you down with me!"
At this moment, that demon general was already stabbing at Luo Zheng's head. Luo Zheng tilted his head slightly and avoided the bone spur. Then Luo Zheng straightened his body and got close to that demon general!
There were several big holes in Luo Zheng's body from the bone spurs. Just now, when those bone spurs pierced into Luo Zheng's body, they actually stopped the bleeding. Now that the bone spurs had left his body, Luo Zheng moved, and blood immediately gushed out like spring water!
Fighting a bloody battle!
As soon as Luo Zheng got close, he threw out a quick punch.
"Demonic Shaking the World!"
"Bang!"
That demon general's tall body was sent flying several meters away by Luo Zheng's punch. Then it howled in pain, as if its body was being gnawed by thousands of demons.
The fate of having the Heavenly Demon Genuine Qi poured into the body was very miserable.
The Heavenly Demon Genuine Qi rapidly gnawed at every tissue and every piece of flesh in that demon general's body!
After a while, wisps of Heavenly Demon Genuine Qi came out of the demon general's eyes, mouth, and ears. Finally, the demon general was gnawed into a shell by the Heavenly Demon Genuine Qi. It lay on the ground and turned into nothingness together with the Heavenly Demon Genuine Qi …
Seeing that their comrade had ended up like this, the other demons' faces were extremely ugly.
They had never expected that a half-step to the Innate Realm human brat could still fight back in such a situation. Moreover, he even killed their demon comrade in front of them!
Except for his head, Luo Zheng's entire body was stained with blood. The white robe of the Blue Cloud Sect looked like a "blood robe" at this moment!
Even so, Luo Zheng's eyes were still filled with determination and incomparable sharpness!
＝＝＝＝＝

Chapter 107
Regardless of whether it was the Yao Clan, the Human Clan, the Demon Clan, or any other intelligent race.
Since they possessed intelligence and the ability to think independently, they would have all the emotions that humans had.
Adoration, fear, sadness …
When these Yao Generals saw Luo Zheng standing upright, bathed in blood, and felt Luo Zheng's perseverance and imposing manner, they were all stunned. For a moment, none of the Yao Generals rushed forward!
"Luo Zheng … Luo Zheng, don't worry about me. If you can kill your way out, then escape by yourself!" Zhu Qianning said softly with tears in her eyes.
Luo Zheng's not-so-tall figure was like a brand that was deeply imprinted in her heart.
Hearing Zhu Qianning's words, Luo Zheng turned his head. He still didn't respond to Zhu Qianning's words. Instead, he gave her a faint smile.
This smile warmed people's hearts.
A flying knife, covered in blood, faced the Yao Generals directly.
"Gugugugugu …" The Yao General holding Zhu Qianning hostage said a few more words in the Yao Clan's language.
At this moment, the Yao Generals surrounding Luo Zheng finally moved. It seemed that this time, they were going to swarm him.
A mass of purplish-black Sky Devil True Energy rose from Luo Zheng's hand. At this moment, Luo Zheng emptied all the Sky Devil True Energy in his body. Luo Zheng used the single blade to protect his chest. His other hand was clenched into a fist, constantly emitting Sky Devil True Energy.
His meaning was very simple. If you're not afraid of death, then come at me!
The first Yao General rushed forward. Luo Zheng retreated, but the other Yao General's bone spur stabbed toward his chest. Facing the bone spur, Luo Zheng didn't dodge. He allowed the bone spur to enter his body. Not only that, but he also exerted force in his legs and pushed his body forward.
"Puchi!"
At the same time that the bone spur pierced through his body, Luo Zheng also pushed against the bone spur and approached the Yao General.
The bone spur that had pierced through Luo Zheng's back had already turned from bronze to scarlet. Drops of blood were dripping down the tip of the bone spur …
When the Demon General saw that Luo Zheng was completely unafraid of death and actually withstood the Bone Spear that pierced through his chest and approached him, he immediately panicked. He wanted to break the Bone Spear and distance himself from Luo Zheng.
But it was too late.
"Pu!"
Luo Zheng punched the demon general's chest, and wisps of Heavenly Devil True Qi poured into its body …
At this point, Luo Zheng didn't even look at the Demon General. He turned around and faced the other Demon General. Luo Zheng knew that once the Heavenly Demon True Qi entered the Demon General's body, the Demon General would die without a doubt!
The first one …
Just as Luo Zheng turned his head, another Bone Spur pierced into Luo Zheng's body. Using the same technique, Luo Zheng once again rushed forward and injected the Heavenly Demon Vital Qi into that Fey General's body …
The second one …
Again …
"Luo Zheng … Luo Zheng …"
Looking at Luo Zheng in such a tragic battle, Zhu Qianning's eyes were already blurred from crying. Her lively eyes were now swollen like walnuts.
But at this moment, she couldn't do anything!
The opponent was from the Demon Clan, not one of them!
She couldn't even beg for mercy!
Luo Zheng could no longer hear anything. There was only one thing that kept him from collapsing, and that was the belief that he would never admit defeat!
He had to exhaust every wisp of True Qi in his body, squeeze out every bit of strength, and drain every drop of blood until it dried up!
Before he did this, he couldn't collapse, and he couldn't die.
The fourth one …
The fifth one …
Relying on a desperate fight that was close to self-mutilation, Luo Zheng killed these five Demon Generals one by one.
But at this moment, Luo Zheng's body was already full of Bone Spurs.
Unlike the Bone Spurs at the beginning, the Bone Spurs before only pierced Luo Zheng's limbs, and didn't hit any vital parts.
But now, the Bone Spurs all pierced through his body, and almost every part of his body was pierced on his vital parts!
Luo Zheng couldn't walk anymore. Those Bone Spurs pierced through his body from front to back. At this moment, he looked like a hedgehog, standing in place and facing the last Demon General.
For a Demon Soldier to become a Demon General, he had to go through countless bloody battles to obtain his current strength.
Compared to humans, the Demon Clan's willpower, tenacity, and vitality were all far stronger than humans. They were born with weapons that could be used in battle — Bone Spurs. They had undergone strict training since childhood, and that training often meant elimination between life and death …
Even the Demon General, who grew up in such a cruel environment, was deeply shocked by Luo Zheng's willpower.
The Demon General grabbed Zhu Qianning with one hand, and a Bone Spur protruded from his other arm. He faced Luo Zheng and said in a strange tone, "Human brat, I also admire your willpower and courage. But you and I belong to different races. Today … you must die …"
Whether it was the Demon General, Zhu Qianning, or Luo Zheng, all three of them knew that Luo Zheng's injuries were extremely serious. Even if the Demon General didn't attack Luo Zheng, leaving Luo Zheng here, he would undoubtedly die.
But just in case, the Demon General still decided to kill Luo Zheng with his own hands.
The Bone Spur in his hand began to contract under the Demon Clan's strong and powerful muscles. When the muscles in the Demon General's body contracted to a certain extent, he would shoot the Bone Spur out like an arrow.
Just as the Demon General was about to shoot the Bone Spur out, Zhu Qianning's vital essence suddenly surged!
At this moment, she absolutely wouldn't allow the Demon General to harm Luo Zheng in any way.
Zhu Qianning's vital essence turned into thin red needles and shot toward the Demon General.
But her attack didn't work. The Demon General only stretched out his arm and blocked Zhu Qianning's eyes. Then, he waved his hand and pushed Zhu Qianning away.
Zhu Qianning's weak body fiercely crashed into a huge spruce tree trunk and slowly slid down.
But at this moment, this descendant of a landowning household, who had grown up surrounded and protected since childhood, showed incomparable tenacity. She flipped her hand and a small golden box appeared in her hand. Just as she was about to open the golden box, a short and powerful Bone Spur shot toward Zhu Qianning again, directly shattering the golden box.
It wasn't the Demon General who shot this Bone Spur. In the nearby spruce forest, several Demon Generals appeared. This Bone Spur was shot by one of them.
In addition to those Demon Generals, there were dozens of Demon Soldiers beside them.
Seeing those Demon Soldiers and Demon Generals, Zhu Qianning finally lost all hope. She could only stare blankly at Luo Zheng and say in a daze, "I'm sorry, I can't help you …"
After experiencing this small setback, the Demon General said to Zhu Qianning, "It's useless. You really can't help him." Then, he turned his head and aimed the Bone Spur at Luo Zheng again, "Die!"
But at this moment, a sudden change occurred!
In the sky, a small silver sword appeared out of thin air.
When that small silver sword appeared, it spun nonstop. When it finally stopped spinning, it chose the direction of the sword tip and pierced straight down.
"Whoosh whoosh whoosh whoosh!"
After the first small silver sword appeared, a second, a third, a fourth appeared …
Each of the small swords started to spin. After determining the direction they were going, they started to fall freely like raindrops.
These small swords were formed from True Essence, and each of them was incomparably sharp. Their power was also frighteningly great.
Before the Demon General in front of Luo Zheng could shoot out his Bone Spur, he was enveloped in a rain of small silver swords.
These small silver swords covered a very large area. Not only did they appear above the Demon General's head, but they also appeared above the heads of the Demon Generals and Demon Soldiers who had just appeared.
This was a rain of swords, a rain of swords controlled by the God of Death …
All the Demon Soldiers and Demon Generals covered their heads and fled like rats. They let out roars of despair, but none of them could escape the fate of death.
When the last small sword stabbed into the ground, it immediately turned into a little bit of vital essence and disappeared between heaven and earth. The entire Canopy Forest was silent. All the Demon Clan present had been wiped out by the rain of swords formed by the small silver swords.
In the air, there was a person floating there.
It was a middle-aged man in a dirty Daoist robe. His face was red, and his hair was messy. He looked very sloppy.
Zhu Qianning, who was originally listless, suddenly had a look of endless joy on her face when she saw the middle-aged man. "Second Uncle!"
This middle-aged man with a ruddy face was Zhu Qianning's Second Uncle, Zhu Feihang.
In the Family Zhu, Zhu Feihang's strength could be ranked in the top three among the elders. He was an expert in the Sword Transformation Technique of Vital Essence. However, he was a little sloppy and usually did not care about his appearance. Therefore, outsiders gave him the nickname "Sloppy Sword Celestial".
"Qianning! Are you okay? As soon as I received your message, I rushed over here! " Zhu Feihang saw that Zhu Qianning seemed to be fine and his heart was at ease. He stepped on a small silver sword and slowly descended from the sky in front of Zhu Qianning.
The moment Zhu Qianning was kidnapped by the Demon General, she had triggered a special button made by the Family Zhu. This button was specially designed by the Family Zhu for the Family Zhu. As long as it was triggered, the disciples of the Family Zhu who were closest to the button would receive the message!
However, there was a huge drawback to the button. Humans were too fast and could not arrive in time. Usually, when they arrived, it was already too late.
Zhu Feihang was originally representing the Family Zhu to go to Baidi City to kill demons on the Asura Battlefield. However, this time, something big happened in Baidi City and he was forced to leave. Coincidentally, he was not far from Canopy Forest. Therefore, when he received the message from the button, he quickly rushed over.
Zhu Qianning was not destined to die!
"Second Uncle, I'm fine! I'm fine! Save him! Save Luo Zheng! "Zhu Qianning cried emotionally.
Zhu Feihang turned his head and saw Luo Zheng covered in blood. Then, he saw the corpses of several Demon Generals lying beside Luo Zheng. His expression changed slightly.
Seeing that Luo Zheng was so young, he should be a disciple of the Blue Cloud Sect. He should be participating in the Demon Slaying Trial like Zhu Qianning. This kid was so capable that he could kill a group of Demon Generals alone?
White Robe!
If he remembered correctly, White Robe should be an outer disciple of the Blue Cloud Sect!

Chapter 108
Zhu Feihang had been fighting outside for many years, so he was unfamiliar with the Blue Cloud Sect. He only remembered that the Blue Cloud Sect was divided into the Inner and Outer Sects. As for whether the Outer Sects had the strength of an Innate Expert, he was not so sure.
However, from the trace of genuine Qi coming from Luo Zheng's body, he was very sure that the boy in front of him, who was bathed in blood, was only a Half-step Innate Expert. It was just that the genuine Qi in his body was a little strange.
Even a strong man like Zhu Feihang felt that it was a little unbelievable for a Half-step Innate Expert to be able to do this.
Zhu Feihang took two steps forward and looked at Luo Zheng, who was standing like a statue. He reached out his hand and placed it on a meridian on Luo Zheng's neck.
"Five organs damaged, meridian severed … To be able to stand with such injuries, such willpower …" Zhu Feihang was amazed. He turned back and asked, "Little Qianning, who is this boy to you?"
"Second Uncle, you don't need to know who he is. You must save him." Zhu Qianning said in a trembling voice, "Can he be saved?"
Zhu Feihang smiled and said, "This boy's body is so tough that he can still hang on to his last breath after suffering such serious injuries. Of course, there are ways to save him, and there are more than one. However, no matter which way it is, we will have to pay a high price. That's why I asked you, who is he to you?"
Zhu Feihang had seen too much life and death. For Zhu Qianning, he could pay any price. However, if it was for a boy of unknown origin, he might not be willing to go all out. That was why he asked.
"He … he is my savior. He became like this because of me …" Zhu Qianning looked at Luo Zheng with a complicated expression.
In fact, with Zhu Feihang's experience, he understood at a glance that Luo Zheng wanted to save Zhu Qianning. Luo Zheng just wanted to prove some of his conjectures. Seeing Zhu Qianning's expression, Zhu Feihang smiled slightly. As an elder, he didn't ask too much, so he said, "Well, in that case, we must save this person!"
With that, Zhu Feihang flicked his finger and a sparkling Vital Essence appeared in his hand. The moment the Vital Essence appeared, it turned into a golden needle.
The Zhu Family of Golden Needles was not only good at concealed weapons. In fact, the Zhu Family was famous for a set of needle techniques. This set of needle techniques was called "Great Yin Yang Golden Needles". This set of needle techniques could not only be used to defend against enemies, but also to save people.
Zhu Feihang couldn't treat Luo Zheng's injury, but he could save his life with the Great Yin Yang Golden Needle.
"Pu!"
Zhu Feihang clapped his hand casually and the long golden needle went straight into Luo Zheng's Shenque Acupoint.
Afterwards, Zhu Feihang flicked his hands continuously and golden needles appeared in his hands one after another. He inserted them into the Shanzhong, Rugen, Guanyuan, and Taiyuan acupoints …
Zhu Feihang clapped 14 times in a row and sealed all 14 of Luo Zheng's important acupoints in one breath.
After Zhu Feihang finished this series of actions, Luo Zheng's eyes narrowed. The wounds on his body, which had been gushing with blood a moment ago, also stopped bleeding.
At this time, Zhu Feihang stretched out his hand and pulled out the bone spurs that had pierced into Luo Zheng's body one by one.
Even Zhu Feihang, who had been on the battlefield for a long time, trembled with fear when he pulled out the bone spurs. This brat's injury was really terrifying. At the same time, Zhu Feihang couldn't understand why. If an ordinary Xiantian life form was pierced by one of these bone spurs, they would probably lose their life.
But this brat was actually still alive after being pierced by so many bone spurs. How tenacious was this brat's vitality?
After pulling out all the bone spurs, Zhu Feihang grabbed Luo Zheng's shoulder and lightly pushed. At the same time, a strand of vital essence on the ground converged into a small silver sword, supporting Luo Zheng on top of it.
After taking care of all this, he walked towards Zhu Qianning and checked whether Zhu Qianning was injured or not. Afterwards, he stepped onto the small silver sword with Zhu Qianning and the three of them soared into the sky, flying towards the depths of Cang Qiong Forest.
"Second Uncle, my companions are still in Cang Qiong Forest …" Zhu Qianning suddenly thought of the disciples of Jade Maiden Peak. Not only were there her sisters from Jade Maiden Peak, but there were also people from Lone Sky Peak and Xiao Yufeng.
"Don't worry, there was an accident in Cang Qiong Forest this time. Quite a few Yao Generals were let in. White Emperor City has already sent many people in to search and rescue the disciples of the Blue Cloud Sect," Zhu Feihang said.
Zhu Qianning stared at Luo Zheng, who was lying beside her, and asked, "Second Uncle, why did so many Yao Generals sneak into Cang Qiong Forest this time? I remember that Yao Generals rarely appeared in Cang Qiong Forest in the past. In my impression, the Blue Cloud Sect has been conducting the Yao Slaying Trial for so many years, and they have only encountered Yao Generals once or twice. But this time, so many actually appeared. Could it be … "
Zhu Qianning was a descendant of a landowning household, after all. Her vision and vision were very broad. With so many Yao Generals appearing here, she suspected that something had happened to White Emperor City.
One had to know that White Emperor City was located on the Asura Battlefield. For so many years, it had always been the strongest and most important pass of the Fengwang Dynasty.
Other than the occasional unimportant Yao Soldiers that were let off from the Asura Battlefield, it was very difficult for Yao Generals, who were far more powerful than Yao Soldiers, to escape the surveillance and pursuit of White Emperor City.
But this time, there was an accident.
Zhu Feihang did not deny it. Instead, he nodded and said, "There is indeed something wrong with White Emperor City. The Yao Clan on the Asura Battlefield is getting stronger by the day. Half a month ago, the Emperor's Army fought fiercely with the Yao Clan's army on the Asura Battlefield. In the end, they were defeated. The Qiankun Pagodas have now been lost, and all the Emperor's Army has retreated to White Emperor City."
Zhu Qianning's eyes revealed a hint of surprise. In these years on the Asura Battlefield, the Human Clan had built two huge pagodas in front of White Emperor City. One was called the Qian Pagoda, and the other was called the Kun Pagoda. She did not expect the situation to be so serious this time. The Yao Clan had taken over the Qiankun Pagodas …
The speed of Sword Kinesis Flight was much faster than running in the forest on foot.
All the way to the northwest, a sword shadow was as fast as lightning. Before long, a snow-white city appeared in front of Zhu Qianning.
"White Emperor City!"
In White Emperor City, whether it was the buildings or the city walls, they were all built with a type of rock called "Dolomite." This type of Dolomite was snow-white in color and was very hard. Therefore, whether it was the city walls or the buildings in White Emperor City, they were all built with this type of rock.
Zhu Feihang brought Zhu Qianning and the unconscious Luo Zheng to the city gate of White Emperor City.
Then, a few Emperor's Army soldiers walked out of the city gate. They looked at Zhu Feihang and respectfully cupped their hands. "Sir, if you enter the city, you will need to show your jade pendant and check your identity!"
Zhu Feihang was naturally aware of these rules. He took out his jade pendant from his waist and threw it to the soldiers.
The soldiers carefully checked Zhu Feihang's jade pendant before returning it to him.
Then, the soldier waved his hand at the city wall. On the city wall, a few more soldiers were controlling a large mirror. That mirror was the Demon Revealing Mirror.
The Demon Revealing Mirror's function was similar to the Family Zhu's Demon Breaking Needle. It could capture the subtle Demon Aura and prevent the Demon Clan from hiding in people's bodies and sneaking into White Emperor City.
The large Demon Revealing Mirror swept over Luo Zheng, Zhu Qianning, and Zhu Feihang's bodies one by one.
After confirming that there were no problems, the soldiers bowed to Zhu Feihang before opening the city gate and letting Zhu Feihang in.
As a military fortress, White Emperor City's buildings were mainly for defense. Naturally, they were not beautiful or elegant.
After entering the city, they were not allowed to fly on their swords. Zhu Feihang used his Vital Essence to refine a small silver sword and supported Luo Zheng on it. Zhu Feihang and Zhu Qianning walked on foot.
Not long after, the three of them arrived at a low white building.
"Qianning, Luo Zheng's injuries are too serious. It's safest to find Xue Taiping, the miracle-working doctor in White Emperor City, to treat him. However, his price is extremely high!" Zhu Feihang reminded her.
Zhu Qianning pouted and said, "Second Uncle, no matter what price we have to pay, we have to save Luo Zheng. At worst, I'll sell the set of Taiyi Magic Needles given to me by my grandfather …"
"You can't do that!" Zhu Feihang suddenly looked shocked. The set of Taiyi Magic Needles was a very important family heirloom for the Family Zhu. Zhu Feihang wanted to get it but did not get it in the end. However, the head of the Family Zhu, Zhu Xianhe, loved his granddaughter very much. Later, he gave the set of Taiyi Magic Needles to Zhu Qianning.
"Can't you sell the Taiyi Magic Needles?" Zhu Qianning asked, pretending to be innocent.
"Of course not!" Zhu Feihang felt a little dizzy.
Zhu Qianning pouted again and said, "Alright, then I'll sell the Tianji Case …"
"That's even worse!" Zhu Feihang felt even more dizzy.
"What about the Fish Dragon Spitting Pearl? What about the Sky Star Double Hoops? And … "
When Zhu Feihang heard Zhu Qianning spit out a series of family heirlooms, he felt that he was not just dizzy anymore. He was going crazy!
He cursed his grandfather in his heart. He really spoiled Zhu Qianning too much. Why did he give all these things to Zhu Qianning?
Finally, Zhu Feihang interrupted Zhu Qianning and said, "Forget it, forget it. I'll pay for Luo Zheng's treatment!"
Hearing her Second Uncle's words, Zhu Qianning smiled slyly.
Then, Zhu Feihang knocked on the door of the white building. The person who opened the door was a middle-aged man with a crooked back. He had a moustache and a pair of small eyes that looked like a mouse's.
"Xue Taiping, I'm looking for you to save someone!" Zhu Feihang said angrily.
Xue Taiping's voice was very sharp. When he saw Zhu Feihang at the door, he laughed sinisterly and said, "It's you, Zhu Feihang. Didn't you say that you would never look for me again?"
There had been some conflicts between the two of them before.
The reason was that Xue Taiping was too greedy. Although his medical skills were high, the price he offered was also frightening.
Last time, Zhu Feihang brought a wounded comrade from the Asura Battlefield to Xue Taiping, and was ruthlessly slaughtered by him. Therefore, Zhu Feihang had always been very angry with Xue Taiping, and even gave him a four-word evaluation: Clever hands and ruthless heart!
Zhu Feihang also said that even if he died in the Shura Battlefield, he would never look for Xue Taiping for treatment.
"Can't I pay?" Zhu Feihang said in a muffled voice. He was very depressed. If it wasn't for Zhu Qianning, he wouldn't have bothered to look for this greedy guy.
Xue Taiping laughed again and said, "Of course it's fine as long as you have money. I've always only recognized money and not people. Of course, I won't hold a grudge against you. Hehe!"
Then, Xue Taiping invited the three of them into the house.

Chapter 109
Xue Taiping leisurely walked over and looked at Luo Zheng, who was riddled with holes. He frowned and said, "This person has been pierced into a sieve by the bone spikes. So miserable!"
"If he wasn't so miserable, why would I look for you?" Zhu Feihang said angrily. If it was a normal injury, Zhu Feihang had several kinds of elixirs that could cure Luo Zheng. However, Luo Zheng only had a slim chance of survival now. Zhu Feihang had no choice but to be the scapegoat.
Xue Taiping stretched out his thick and short fingers and slowly pressed down on Luo Zheng's neck. At the same time, he carefully avoided the golden needles on Luo Zheng's body.
Xue Taiping's hand went all the way down and finally pressed on Luo Zheng's Dantian. His face suddenly changed.
"This kid's body … is very strange! I have diagnosed at least eight thousand people, if not ten thousand, but I have never seen such a body! "Xue Taiping said in surprise.
"Hehe, with the strength of a Half-step Xiantian, he was able to kill several Demon Generals by himself. If you say that this brat has nothing special, I won't believe it even if you beat me to death!" Zhu Feihang knew very well that those who were capable naturally had their own strengths.
Some people could practice special martial arts, some people had special magic weapons, and some people had special abilities.
The world was so big, and there were countless strange people and capable people. With Zhu Feihang and Xue Taiping's experience, they wouldn't make such a fuss. Zhu Feihang said again, "Xue Taiping, don't pretend. You just want to raise the price. I'm warning you, don't make such a big fuss!"
Xue Taiping, who was seen through by Zhu Feihang, smiled awkwardly and said, "I'm telling the truth. Look at this kid's meridians. Each of them is as hard as metal, as if they are not made of flesh and blood. Can you find a second person like him in this world?"
"Cut the crap, get to the point!" Zhu Feihang said angrily.
Xue Taiping nodded and said, "This person is only seriously injured. His five internal organs are destroyed, and his vitality is weak. I can save him, but the price is this!" Xue Taiping said and stretched out three fingers.
"Thirty square crystals?" Zhu Feihang asked.
"Hehe!" Xue Taiping sneered and said, "Three thousand!"
Zhu Feihang's red face turned even redder as he screamed, "Three Thousand Roots, just kill me!"
Xue Taiping waved his hand and said, "If you don't have that much, then take him away. I'm afraid that we won't be able to find a second person in White Emperor City who can treat him."
"Three thousand square crystals. I'll pay." Zhu Qianning, who had been silent all this time, spoke up.
"Forget it, forget it. Qian Ning, I promised you. How can I let you pay for it? Your second uncle can still afford it, "Zhu Feihang said in a muffled voice." Isn't it just three thousand cubic crystals? Take it as a meeting gift for my future son-in-law. "
Hearing Zhu Feihang's words, Zhu Qianning blushed and said angrily, "Second Uncle! What are you talking about! I've only known him for a day! "
Zhu Feihang chuckled and said, "So what if it's a day? I've never seen you so worried about anyone before. "
"Second Uncle, if you keep talking nonsense, I will ignore you!" Zhu Qianning said and turned her head away.
"Alright! Second Uncle is just joking. "Seeing that Zhu Qianning was angry, Zhu Feihang could only comfort her.
Xue Taiping waved his hand and said, "Since we've agreed on the price, you two can go out and wait. I'm going to treat this boy!"
After driving the two out, Xue Taiping had four different colored elixirs in his hand. He pushed the red one into Luo Zheng's mouth and then gently smashed the remaining three into powder. He mixed them together and sprinkled them on Luo Zheng's wounds one by one.
The powder formed by the elixirs was very magical. As soon as it landed on Luo Zheng's wounds, the rotten flesh on Luo Zheng's wounds fell off automatically. At the same time, new granulation began to grow. The granulation grew very quickly and soon joined together. After a while, the wounds caused by the Bone Spurs on Luo Zheng's body healed.
However, this only healed the surface. The real injury in Luo Zheng's eyes was inside his body.
Then, Xue Taiping reached out and started to remove the golden needles that Zhu Feihang had buried in Luo Zheng's body. At this moment, Luo Zheng's life was basically being protected by these golden needles. Therefore, every time Xue Taiping removed a golden needle, Luo Zheng's life would decrease by a little.
However, when Xue Taiping removed the golden needles, a blood-like True Yuan appeared in his hand and fiercely slapped Luo Zheng's acupuncture points.
As a result, Luo Zheng's chances of survival rose and fell in the span of a single strike …
After a while, Xue Taiping's head was covered in sweat.
Six hours later …
Xue Taiping walked out of the room.
Zhu Qianning hurriedly asked with concern, "Miracle Doctor Xue, how is Luo Zheng?"
Xue Taiping chuckled and said, "It's not some incurable disease. It's just a serious injury. He's fine now. I estimate that he'll be fine after resting for two more days!"
Luo Zheng's injury was just a serious injury. If he had a top-grade medicine like the "Red Cloud Pill" or the "Nine Revolutions Creation Pill" when he was dealing with the Demon General, he wouldn't even need Xue Taiping's treatment. He would be fine after eating the pill.
It was just that after a long time, Luo Zheng's life force gradually dissipated. That was why he had to rely on Xue Taiping's methods to restore Luo Zheng's life force.
Luo Zheng only felt that he had a big, empty dream.
When he woke up and regained his consciousness, he realized that he was lying on a bed.
He reached out and wiped his chest, only to realize that the wounds had already disappeared without a trace.
"I'm fine? Those wounds have all healed? " When Luo Zheng realized that his body was fine, he sat up and jumped off the bed to stretch his body.
He walked back and forth for dozens of steps. At the same time, he tried to circulate his True Qi. Only then did he make sure that his body was fine.
Although he had a big dream, Luo Zheng clearly remembered what happened before.
At that time, he was facing six Demon Generals alone. He was fighting with his life on the line. He used the Heavenly Devil True Qi to kill all the Demon Generals.
Even though Luo Zheng had a Spirit Tool Body, it was very difficult for him to recover after being seriously injured by the Demon General's bone spurs.
Before Luo Zheng's physical strength was exhausted and his consciousness gradually dissipated, he remembered that countless small silver swords fell from the sky. It was those small swords that pierced through the Demon General …
Now that he thought about it, that Inner Sect Disciple named Zhu Qianning should have been saved.
At this moment, the door of the room was opened. A woman in a lavender dress stood at the door. A thin and long golden hairpin was inserted into her hair bun. Her appearance was delicate and beautiful. For a moment, Luo Zheng was somewhat stunned.
"Why are you looking at me like that?" The woman smiled at Luo Zheng.
Luo Zheng blinked. Hearing her voice, Luo Zheng was sure. "You're Zhu Qianning?"
It was said that women were fickle. Previously, she was wearing a black Inner Sect Disciple robe. Now that she was dressed up, she was completely different.
Zhu Qianning smiled and said in a low voice, "Just call me Qianning!" Her expression was somewhat unnatural as she spoke. Until now, she had never taken the initiative to let a man call her so intimately.
"Qianning." Luo Zheng nodded. He didn't notice anything unusual.
"Where is this?" Luo Zheng looked out the window. The white buildings and the surrounding environment were very unfamiliar.
Zhu Qianning smiled and said, "Come with me!"
The two walked out of the room. On the way, Zhu Qianning told Luo Zheng, "This is White Emperor City!"
"White Emperor City, this is White Emperor City guarded by a million Emperor soldiers?" Luo Zheng turned his head and looked around. Although it was written in the book that White Emperor City was built with white dolomite, it was completely white and guarded the Asura Domain …
Luo Zheng originally had a rough impression of White Emperor City. He knew that White Emperor City was built with a type of "white dolomite" and was very magnificent.
But seeing was believing. Now that he saw it with his own eyes and saw the white buildings, he was quite shocked.
Seeing Luo Zheng's astonished expression, Zhu Qianning covered her mouth and secretly laughed. Then she took the initiative to pull Luo Zheng. After taking a turn on the road ahead, they arrived at the top of White Emperor City.
White Emperor City was built on top of a mountain. As a military stronghold, the entire city was very flat. The city walls were built using the natural drop formed by the mountain. Therefore, standing on the city walls was equivalent to standing on top of a mountain.
At this moment, looking into the distance, Luo Zheng could see the scenes in the distance. Luo Zheng's eyes widened even more.
"This is the Asura Battlefield!" Luo Zheng said softly.
In the distance, there was a black crack that split heaven and earth. It stood there in a strange way, and lightning constantly lingered around the crack.
It was said that this crack was opened by a powerful expert of the Demon Race, and it opened up the fence between two spaces.
For a period of time, the Human Race had almost slaughtered all the Demon Race that came out of the crack. They killed their way to the end of the crack, but the Human Race was somewhat helpless in the face of this spatial crack.
No one knew how to repair this spatial crack.
And as long as this spatial crack was not repaired, the Demon Race and zombies would always be a hidden danger to the Human Race.
Not far from White Emperor City, there was a vast expanse of land that was covered in darkness. These were the Demon Soldiers and Demon Generals that had gathered together!
The Imperial Army of White Emperor City fought with the Demon Soldiers and Demon Generals all day long to resist the invasion of the Demon Race.
"It's said that White Emperor City is impregnable. As long as it's a Demon General, it won't be able to pass through. Why would there be Demon Generals in the Canopy Forest?" Luo Zheng asked.
Zhu Qianning said, "Look, the two Universe Pagodas in the distance have already been lost. Those Demon Generals took advantage of the two pagodas to sneak into the forest …"
"It seems that White Emperor City is in trouble?" Luo Zheng looked at the Demon Soldiers and Demon Generals gathering together and asked.
Zhu Qianning nodded and said, "It's more than trouble. My Second Uncle said that this time, the Demon Race sent four Demon Kings! This has never happened before in the history of the Demon Race. It's very likely that they want to take down the entire White Emperor City in one fell swoop! "
If White Emperor City was lost, then the Demon Race's path would be smooth. The Demon Race's army could flatten everything along the way and directly invade the Burning Sky Imperial City!
Seeing Luo Zheng's worried appearance, Zhu Qianning smiled and said, "You seem to be very worried?"
Luo Zheng laughed and said, "What do I have to worry about? If the sky falls, there will naturally be tall people to hold it up. Although the Demon Kings are powerful, our Eastern Region Human Race isn't weak either! "
Luo Zheng's thoughts weren't unreasonable. Although the Demon Race had gathered an unprecedented army, the Burning Sky Empire had also sent many experts to guard the city. White Emperor City had been stationed here for so many years, and it wasn't the first time it had faced such a big crisis. Every time, it had safely passed through it. Presumably, this time would be no exception.
"Right, we left the Canopy Forest. What about the other disciples of the Blue Cloud Sect?" Compared to the safety of White Emperor City, Luo Zheng was more concerned about the safety of the Blue Cloud Sect's disciples.
"Don't worry. Because of the appearance of the Demon King in the Canopy Forest, White Emperor City has already sent people to pick up the people from the Canopy Forest. I'll take you to see them!"
After a while, Zhu Qianning brought Luo Zheng to the temporary residence of the Blue Cloud Sect's disciples. It was a spacious military camp. After Luo Zheng entered, he immediately saw Lin Geng, Hao Shige, and the others.
"Luo Zheng! Are you okay? "Lin Geng's eyes lit up when he saw Luo Zheng.
They already knew that Luo Zheng had survived. However, Luo Zheng had been recuperating for the past two days. They were also very concerned about Luo Zheng's recovery.
Luo Zheng shrugged and said with a smile, "Do I look like I'm not okay?"
At this time, Zhu Tianlai and the others from the Lone Sky Peak also came over. Obviously, they were very concerned about Luo Zheng.
Everyone surrounded Luo Zheng and chatted for a while. Luo Zheng already knew that the Blue Cloud Sect's disciples had suffered heavy losses in the Demon Slaying Trial.
Almost every mountain had suffered casualties. The Black Rock Peak suffered the most. In order to protect the Jade Maiden Peak's disciples, ten Black Rock Peak disciples were completely annihilated. Other than the Black Rock Peak, the disciples from the other three peaks also died at the hands of the Demon Generals.
Just as everyone was discussing, a few disciples from the Heavenly Fury Peak walked in from outside the military camp.
When Xiao Yufeng and the Jade Maiden Peak's disciples from the Lone Sky Peak saw the people from the Heavenly Fury Peak, their faces darkened.
When Luo Zheng went to kill the Demon Generals, they had a conflict with the Heavenly Fury Peak.
At that time, the people from the Heavenly Fury Peak thought that they were no match for the Lone Sky Peak, so they stopped.
However, after entering the White Emperor City, the leader of the Heavenly Fury Peak, Zhuge Ye, suddenly became arrogant. It was said that Zhuge Ye's brother was a member of the White Emperor Army and held an important position in the White Emperor City!
At this moment, when Zhuge Ye saw Luo Zheng, he revealed a sinister smile and walked towards Luo Zheng.
＝＝＝＝＝

Chapter 110
"Luo Zheng, you're really lucky. You're still alive after falling into the hands of a Daemon General!" Zhuge Ye said loudly with a mocking smile on his face.
Most of the Blue Cloud Sect disciples were settled in White Emperor City, waiting for the Blue Cloud Sect to send people to pick them up. They had all escaped death, so they were all glad that they had a new lease on life. All the disciples in the barracks were very harmonious, and there were no disputes. However, Zhuge Ye's voice broke this harmonious silence, and it was very unpleasant to the ears.
"Zhuge Ye, you've been obedient for a day in Canopy Forest, and now you're in White Emperor City. Do you think you're so arrogant now that you have someone to protect you?" Before Luo Zheng could speak, Zhu Tianlai and Lin Geng were already standing in front of Luo Zheng. Zhu Tianlai took the initiative to speak.
Zhuge Ye said disdainfully, "Zhu Tianlai, White Emperor City is my territory. Your strength is nothing here. I advise you to mind your own business!"
Zhu Tianlai was about to retort, but Luo Zheng stopped him. At the same time, he stood in front of Zhu Tianlai and said indifferently to Zhuge Ye, "I'm in a good mood today. I'll give you a chance. Scram!"
Zhuge Ye was stunned. He could do whatever he wanted in White Emperor City with his identity as the elder brother. He didn't expect Luo Zheng to be so unyielding, and didn't put him in his eyes at all. Zhuge Ye suddenly felt his face burning. "Luo Zheng, you really think you can do whatever you want just because you can kill a Daemon General? There are countless enchanting geniuses in this world. You don't have the right to ask me to scram! "
"I don't know if Luo Zheng has the right, but I know that you definitely don't have the right!" At this moment, all the disciples suddenly felt a murderous aura. They looked towards the source of the voice.
They saw a graceful woman holding an inconspicuous jade box facing Zhuge Ye. That person was Zhu Qianning.
Zhuge Ye was stunned. Other people might not know how terrifying Family Zhu's hidden weapons were, but as one of the seven noble families, Zhuge Ye knew very well how powerful the small jade box in Zhu Qianning's hand was!
If he really allowed Zhu Qianning to trigger the mechanism on the jade box, he was afraid that he would be blasted into powder by the "frightening dragon" inside!
For a moment, Zhuge Ye stood there, not daring to move at all. At the same time, he was secretly alarmed. Was this girl crazy?! Even if I provoke Luo Zheng, what does it have to do with Zhu Qianning? As for wanting to take someone's life right from the start?
"Zhu Qianning, what do you mean?" Zhuge Ye's face turned red and white as he spoke.
"Luo Zheng told you to scram, so you should scram. Do you think I don't dare to trigger this' Frightening Dragon '?" Zhu Qianning's finger was already on the mechanism on the jade box. As long as she exerted a little force, the 'frightening dragon' bound in the jade box would be released!
Seeing this, Zhuge Ye hurriedly took a few steps back. "Zhu Qianning, don't be rash. Our Family Zhuge is not afraid of your Family Zhu. My brother is …"
At this moment, Luo Zheng extended his hand and blocked Zhu Qianning. "Qianning, put away the jade box. I will handle this matter myself."
Zhu Qianning tilted her head and smiled at Luo Zheng with her beautiful face. She obediently put away the jade box.
Then, Luo Zheng slowly walked in front of Zhuge Ye and said, "I will give you one last chance. Scram from the military camp!"
The most important thing for a descendant of a landowning household was their face. They were most afraid of losing face in front of others. Previously, when he heard that Luo Zheng killed a Demon General by himself, he was naturally afraid of him.
But now that he saw that Luo Zheng had just recovered, he might not be as strong as he imagined. At this moment, he didn't want to give in. Moreover, his brother was in the city. What was there to be afraid of?
If he really wanted to be afraid, the only person he was afraid of was Zhu Qianning.
This little girl was incredible. Her position in the Family Zhu was extremely high. If he was really injured or even killed by Zhu Qianning … the Family Zhu would protect Zhu Qianning. Although Zhuge Ye was a direct descendant of the family, he was really weak. In terms of position, he was far inferior to his own brother, Zhuge Qingyun and Zhuge Feng!
Thinking of this, Zhuge Ye's heart calmed down. His confidence increased. "What if I don't scram?"
"You don't want to get lost, do you?" Luo Zheng moved as soon as he finished speaking.
"Slap!"
Luo Zheng approached Zhuge Ye at a strange speed and heavily slapped Zhuge Ye's face.
Luo Zheng had already checked the doctor's medical skills. The doctor's medical skills were very high. Not to mention, this injury was only a physical injury.
As long as he didn't die, Luo Zheng's spiritual body would recover ten times faster than an ordinary person. At this moment, Luo Zheng's body had just recovered and his body had already reached its peak state.
Zhuge Ye was a noble descendant of a landowning household. When had he ever been slapped in front of his face? His face was red and Zhen Yuan was flickering all over his body. It seemed that he was about to explode.
However, Luo Zheng's control of the rhythm was extremely good. Just as Zhuge Ye was condensing his Quintessential Essence, Luo Zheng kicked Zhuge Ye's Dantian and forcibly scattered his Quintessential Essence.
"Slap! Are you going to scram or not? "
After kicking Zhuge Ye, Luo Zheng slapped Zhuge Ye and asked in a deep voice.
It was reasonable to say that Zhuge Ye was also a master of Xiantian fifth stage and his strength should not be so weak. He was just slapped in the face and did not even have the strength to fight back. This was the biggest joke in the world.
Unfortunately, he was completely stunned by the slap!
At this moment, Zhuge Ye's mind was blank and his conditioned reflex was to revolve his Zhen Yuan and use his power technique to kill Luo Zheng.
He had already forgotten to dodge and to fight back. He was constantly trying to extract Zhen Yuan from his dantian.
However, every time he tried to extract Zhen Yuan, Luo Zheng would kick him again and scatter his condensed Zhen Yuan … …
"Slap! Are you going to scram or not? "
Luo Zheng asked every time he slapped Zhuge Ye.
He asked more than a dozen questions in a row and did not wait for Zhuge Ye to answer. Instead, he slapped him more than a dozen times.
How powerful was Luo Zheng's strength?
He had held back seventy percent of his strength. If Luo Zheng had used his full strength, perhaps Zhuge Ye's head would have been chopped off with one slap.
At this moment, Zhuge Ye's face was swollen like a pig's head. His originally handsome face was badly mutilated and it was difficult to distinguish his original appearance.
The disciples of Tian 'Nu peak behind Zhuge Ye originally wanted to come up and help, but Lin Geng, Zhu Tianlai, and a few others also stepped forward bravely and blocked in front of Luo Zheng. If a fight broke out, the disciples of Tian' Nu peak were not Zhu Tianlai's match. Moreover, Xiao Yufeng, Tian 'yi peak, and even the female disciples of Jade Maiden peak were watching covetously from the side.
"Slap! Are you going to scram or not? "Luo Zheng continued to slap Zhuge Ye.
Zhuge Ye was on the verge of collapse. At this moment, he finally became well-behaved and nodded like a chicken pecking rice: "Don't hit me, I'll scram, I'll scram!"
He no longer cared about condensing his Zhen Yuan. Enduring the intense pain on his cheeks, he left with his disciples of Tian 'Nu peak dejectedly.
"This Zhuge Ye clearly knows that his strength is not as good as Luo Zheng, but he still came to humiliate himself!" Lin Geng laughed.
Although Luo Zheng was still a half-step Xiantian, the Xiantian lifeforms present had basically forgotten this fact. They only thought that Luo Zheng's strength was far beyond theirs.
Zhu Tianlai frowned and said: "Zhuge Ye's brother is a strategist in the Imperial Army. If we let him leave like this, he will definitely find someone to take revenge."
After all, this was not the Blue Cloud Sect, but White Emperor City. If Zhuge Ye had the intention to let his brother take revenge, it would be very troublesome.
The Family Zhuge wasn't the strongest among the seven noble families, but it was the most resourceful. They were good at the art of war and crafty, and they could set up eight formations of surprise troops.
Zhuge Ye's brother, Zhuge Qingyun, wasn't very strong. He was only at Xiantian Sixth Stage. In terms of strength, he wasn't considered outstanding in the Imperial Army. After all, White Emperor City was filled with talents and experts.
However, Zhuge Qingyun relied on his extremely smart brain and managed to get the position of a strategist in White Emperor City.
Although Zhuge Qingyun was qualified for this position, it was largely due to the Zhuge Clan's contribution in the background. However, Zhuge Qingyun's own performance was equally important. Otherwise, he wouldn't be able to stand firm on the Asura Battlefield.
Everyone discussed for a while and reminded Luo Zheng to be careful of Zhuge Qingyun.
Luo Zheng looked at everyone and smiled indifferently. He looked calm on the surface and even comforted everyone. However, everyone was still worried in their hearts. After all, the Imperial Army was different from the Blue Cloud Sect. Most of the time, the Imperial Army wasn't as reasonable.
Zhu Qianning stood not far away. Her pair of charming eyes were secretly staring at Luo Zheng. She secretly made up her mind that no matter who wanted to harm Luo Zheng, she would do her best to stop them!
Just when everyone was talking about when they would be able to return to the Blue Cloud Sect, they suddenly heard a muffled sound.
That muffled sound wasn't loud, but it seemed to come from deep underground.
Then, everyone felt the floor under their feet start to tremble.
"The demon race is attacking the city!"

Chapter 111
Luo Zheng led the disciples of the Blue Cloud Sect and climbed up the stairs to a rooftop in the military camp. The scene that unfolded before their eyes immediately shocked everyone.
The sky that was originally clear and boundless had already changed color at this moment.
Looking from afar, the top of the city wall was filled with Demon Soldiers and Demon Generals. They were surging over like a tide.
In the sky, there were black human-shaped Demon Birds with huge wings. These Demon Birds were holding large black bows and constantly shooting arrows from the sky.
Demon Soldiers and Demon Generals were hanging from the feet of these Demon Birds. When these Demon Birds reached the top of White Emperor City, they opened their feet and released the Demon Soldiers and Demon Generals.
These Demon Birds, Demon Generals, and Demon Soldiers were not the main force of this war. Compared to the truly powerful existences of the Demon Race, they were only considered cannon fodder.
Because of the existence of the Universe and Kun Pagodas, the war had not been able to topple White Emperor City for many years. After the Universe and Kun Pagodas were destroyed by the Demon Race this time, they actually planned a second attack in such a short period of time. Moreover, this attack was directed at White Emperor City!
"Whoosh whoosh whoosh whoosh!"
Several Demon Birds discovered the disciples of the Blue Cloud Sect standing on the rooftop and continuously shot arrows in their direction.
The black arrows were like raindrops, covering Luo Zheng's group.
The arrows of the Demon Birds were not considered fierce. Faced with these arrows, the disciples of the Blue Cloud Sect used their own abilities to block them.
Luo Zheng's method was the most direct. He waited until the arrows were close to him before he stretched out his finger and lightly pointed at them. Under the pressure of Luo Zheng's enormous strength, the arrows were directly shattered into pieces.
As for Lin Geng, he used his treasured sword to brandish countless silver sword lights. These silver lights formed a light screen in front of him. All the arrows that were shot at Lin Geng were cut into pieces by his silver sword lights.
On the other side, Zhu Tianlai had already grasped his black and white swords in his hands. The black and white swords continuously slashed out black and white sword intent.
Not only did Zhu Tianlai block all the arrows, but the black and white sword intent from his black and white swords soared into the sky and slashed at the demon birds. Unfortunately, those demon birds maintained a relatively high altitude. By the time the dual-colored sword intent shot up into the sky, those demon birds had already dodged.
Apart from the Blue Cloud Sect's disciples, the White Emperor City's Imperial Army also launched a frenzied counterattack.
In comparison, the Imperial Army's counterattack was more aggressive and effective.
Fire God Crossbows were pushed out from the streets of White Emperor City by the Imperial Army.
These Vulcan Crossbows were also made by the Jinzhen Family Zhu. Later on, they were popularized throughout the Imperial Army and became the best weapon to defend the city.
On a rooftop not far from Luo Zheng, three soldiers of the Emperor's Army set up brightly colored Vulcan crossbows. Two of them placed a long crossbow bolt on top of the crossbow. One of them frantically shook the mechanism on top of the crossbow, pulling the bowstring to the extreme.
Buzz!
The bowstring suddenly loosened, shooting the powerful crossbow bolt into the sky.
Bang!
When the crossbow bolt hit one of the Demon Birds, it instantly burst into flames. The crossbow bolt and the Demon Bird turned into a huge ball of fire. A mournful cry came from the ball of fire, and then the ball of fire kept falling to the ground.
The Vulcan Crossbows were constantly shooting into the sky. It was as if someone was setting off fireworks in the sky, and huge fireballs exploded one after another.
Those demon birds also fought back with all their might. They threw the demon soldiers and demon generals hanging on their bodies at the Vulcan Crossbows with great precision.
Luo Zheng looked up and saw a black shadow suddenly fall from the sky, smashing a hole in the rooftop opposite him. Then, a tall figure jumped out of the hole. It was a demon general. The moment the demon general jumped out, it saw the Vulcan Crossbows not far away and the three soldiers of the Imperial Army who were preparing to set the crossbow bolt. Its mission was to destroy the Vulcan Crossbows.
The disciples of the Blue Cloud Sect also noticed the demon general. However, other than Zhu Tianlai, the others were far from being a match for the demon general. For a moment, no one dared to go over.
On the contrary, Luo Zheng lightly bit the broken flying knife and jumped from rooftop to rooftop.
When the three soldiers of the Imperial Army saw the demon general, their faces immediately turned green.
These three soldiers of the Imperial Army were the most ordinary soldiers. Their strength was only in the Marrow Refining Realm. When encountering demon soldiers, they could resist for a while with all their strength. However, when facing a demon general, they could only wait to be slaughtered.
However, according to military orders, they could not retreat a single step. There was a saying among them, "As long as the person remains, the crossbow will remain."
If they gave up on the Vulcan Crossbows and ran for their lives, what awaited them was an even more cruel punishment. Moreover, the Imperial Army's sense of honor did not allow them to escape.
Facing the demon general, two of the soldiers continued to busy themselves beside the Vulcan Crossbows. Meanwhile, one of the soldiers drew his military knife and faced the demon general.
Even a praying mantis had the courage to stop the carriage. These soldiers of the Emperor had been fighting against the monster race in White Emperor City all year round. Even if they were in the Marrow Refining Realm, they could still resist the dense monster qi and control their fear. They could even draw their blades against a monster general.
The Daemon General didn't put the soldier in front of him in his eyes at all. He walked straight towards the Vulcan Crossbow. The moment he passed by the soldier, he just waved his thick and solid arm and slapped the soldier away with a slap.
The immense strength directly smashed the soldier into mincemeat!
Following that, it continued to advance towards the Vulcan Crossbows.
The remaining two soldiers used their fastest speed to set up a crossbow bolt and shot it towards the demon bird in the sky. A demon bird and a demon general were turned into balls of fire. However, the two soldiers knew that they would meet their deaths just like the other soldier.
Just as the demon general was about to wave its hand and tear the two soldiers to pieces, it suddenly felt an extremely dangerous killing intent coming from behind.
When the demon general turned its head, it discovered that the killing intent had vanished without a trace.
When the demon general turned its head again, there was a shiny throwing knife in front of it!
The demon general wanted to dodge, but it was already too late. Therefore, it extended its hand to block the throwing knife. With its thick skin and thick flesh, ordinary weapons were unable to harm it.
However, when the throwing knife struck its hand, the demon general realized how foolish and absurd its thoughts were. The throwing knife's sharpness far exceeded its imagination.
Its tough and strong arm could not stop the throwing knife at all. Instead, its entire arm was sliced apart from the middle by the throwing knife.
After the broken throwing knife sliced through the demon general's arm, it continued towards the demon general's head.
"Puah!"
The Fey General's ugly head was directly sliced into two by the broken flying dagger. The Fey General's massive body fell limply to the ground. Its ugly eyes were still trembling at the moment before its death, indicating that the Fey General was extremely shocked before its death.
After retrieving the broken throwing knife, Luo Zheng smiled and nodded at the two soldiers.
The two soldiers had escaped death, and they looked at Luo Zheng with extremely grateful gazes. If it wasn't for Luo Zheng making a move, the two of them would have been obliterated just like before, and they would have been smashed into a pile of pieces by the demon general.
Besides Luo Zheng, the disciples of the Blue Cloud Sect also joined the battle. Of course, with their strength, they did not dare to find trouble with the demon general, but killing the demon soldiers was not a problem.
The scale of this battle was not large. After the first wave of attacks, the demon army suddenly retreated hastily. Other than leaving behind a pile of demon corpses, the demon army did not manage to gain any advantages.
As for White Emperor City, other than losing several dozen Vulcan crossbows and the lives of a few ordinary soldiers, it had suffered almost no losses.
Although the demon army had been repelled, everyone was still faintly worried.
This attack was very likely to be a test by the demon army. Next, the demon army would launch a large-scale attack on the city.
"We need to leave White Emperor City as soon as possible!" another Blue Cloud Sect disciple said after returning to the barracks.
"That's right. The demon army's attack this time was only a small-scale attack. Once the demon army launches a full-scale attack, the experts overseeing White Emperor City will not have the time to care about us," another Blue Cloud Sect disciple said.
People always sought advantages and avoided disadvantages.
The Blue Cloud Sect disciples were not the imperial army. They indeed had no obligation to remain in White Emperor City.
Even though White Emperor City had been impregnable for so many years, it had never been completely breached.
However, once the demon army launched a full-scale attack, the Blue Cloud Sect disciples would not even have a place to hide. In the end, only death awaited them.
"Didn't the Blue Cloud Sect reply that they would soon send a giant Flying Chariot to pick us up?" a Blue Cloud Sect disciple said.
"Who knows? Perhaps the giant Flying Chariot did not dare to come because of the demon army's attack?" someone guessed.
In fact, that person had guessed correctly.
It was precisely because of the demon army's large-scale attack that the Blue Cloud Sect's giant Flying Chariot was unable to come over.
Ever since the Two Universe Pagodas were attacked by the demon army, a flock of demon birds led demon soldiers and demon generals to the rear of White Emperor City.
In fact, the Blue Cloud Sect had already sent a giant Flying Chariot. However, the first giant Flying Chariot was besieged by demon birds and eventually crashed. The second giant Flying Chariot was also intercepted halfway.
The construction of a giant Flying Chariot was not cheap. After losing two giant Flying Chariots, the Blue Cloud Sect finally decided to wait until the demon army retreated before sending people to pick up the Blue Cloud Sect disciples.
"Even if the Blue Cloud Sect doesn't send people to pick us up, we can just walk on our own. Can't we just avoid the demon army?" another disciple suggested.
That disciple's suggestion was quickly approved by the majority.
In White Emperor City, they could not determine the outcome of the battle. Once the demon army launched a large-scale attack, it was impossible for the imperial army to arrange for someone to protect the Blue Cloud Sect disciples alone.
If only one or two demon generals landed near the Blue Cloud Sect disciples, the situation would be fine. At the very least, Zhu Tianlai and Luo Zheng would be able to handle it.
However, if a large group of demon generals charged over, who could stop them?
In an even more extreme case, if a demon king attacked, it could instantly kill everyone present! With the strength of the Blue Cloud Sect's inner sect disciples, they were clearly too weak in such a huge battle.
While everyone was discussing, the sound of orderly footsteps suddenly came from the door.
A row of imperial soldiers stood at the door.

Chapter 112
Luo Zheng, who was standing in the crowd, stared at the high-ranking officer. This high-ranking officer looked very strange, and Luo Zheng had never seen him before.
"Why don't I have to leave? Who are you? "Luo Zheng asked in a deep voice. The opposite party had come for him, and most likely, it was not a good thing.
At this time, a person, who had wrapped his head tightly in gauze, came out from the side and said to Luo Zheng: "Luo Zheng, I said that you will die a horrible death. Do you think you can still escape?"
Although this person was wrapped in gauze and only his eyes were exposed, Luo Zheng still recognized him from his voice. Before the demon race had attacked the city, Luo Zheng had crazily slapped Zhuge Ye in the face.
"Oh, so it's Zhuge Ye. Why? Did you really bring your brother here? " Luo Zheng asked casually, but the throwing knife in his hand was already in the air. The strength of the high-ranking officer in front of him was not bad, not to mention, there were two soldiers beside him.
These two soldiers should also be at Xiantian sixth stage, but from the murderous aura they were exuding, their strength could not be underestimated.
Luo Zheng's strength was far beyond the realm, so he would not judge the strength of the opposite party only by the realm.
"I am Zhuge Qingyun. I have heard from my younger brother about you. It is said that you have offended many people in our Family Zhuge. First, it was Zhuge Hong, then Zhuge Feng, and now you beat Zhuge Ye? There are not many people who dare to offend my Family Zhuge. Today, you have come to White Emperor City, so I naturally have to treat you well. My advice is that you had better break your own arms, then put on this chain and obediently come with me. Otherwise … I am afraid your end will be even more miserable! " Finished speaking, Zhuge Qingyun took out a chain and threw it on the ground. Obviously, this chain was used to tie up criminals.
"Break my own arms?" Luo Zheng raised his eyebrows and suddenly burst into laughter, as if he had just heard an extremely ironic joke. Then he said, "You're just a counselor. As an Imperial Army soldier, can you really do whatever you want in White Emperor City?"
"As a strategist of the Imperial Army, it is naturally impossible for me to disregard military orders. However, if I am dealing with a few commoners, I believe that no one would dare to gossip about me. At least for you, if I kill you, then so be it. Who would dare to say 'no' to me?" Zhuge Qingyun waved his hand and said.
Luo Zheng held the flying dagger horizontally and sneered, "Since that's the case, you can try and see if you can kill me!"
On this side, Luo Zheng assumed a fighting stance. Xiao Yufeng and the disciples of Tianyi Peak pulled out their weapons one after another and stood on both sides of Luo Zheng.
"You still dare to side with Luo Zheng? Aren't you afraid of death? " Zhuge Qingyun was a little surprised that these people actually dared to stand on the same battle line as Luo Zheng. He didn't expect for Luo Zheng to actually have such a cohesive force.
Furthermore, when others encountered his Family Zhuge's matters, who would dare to casually get involved? He had overestimated his own clan's deterrence, which was why his expression was a little unsightly.
Zhu Tianlai's black and white dual swords were already unsheathed as he spoke faintly, "It is said that the Zhuge Noble Clan is extremely intelligent. Why is it that along the way, the people with the Zhuge surname that I have encountered aren't intelligent but rather stupid?"
"What do you mean?" Zhuge Qingyun asked.
"It might not be too troublesome for you to kill Luo Zheng alone. You might be able to kill him in the early stages. Furthermore, there are so many of us, and you intend to kill all of us? How are you going to explain to the Blue Cloud Sect? If the Blue Cloud Sect were to hold the Imperial Army accountable, you are just a puny counselor. Do you really think that with the protection of your Family Zhuge, you will be safe and sound? "Zhu Tianlai shook his head as though he couldn't understand Zhuge Qingyun's intelligence.
When Zhu Tianlai spoke, Zhuge Qingyun's imposing manner instantly weakened.
He really didn't expect the disciples of the Blue Cloud Sect to be so united.
Zhuge Qingyun thought for a moment and suddenly spoke with a sinister tone, "Didn't you want to evacuate White Thearch City? Now that the demon race is surrounding the city, it won't be easy for you to leave unscathed. I can send people to escort you out! If you wish to leave, you can come over here! "
Zhuge Qingyun's words immediately tempted all the disciples of the Blue Cloud Sect.
After all, the Blue Cloud Sect had 33 mountain peaks, and the disciples of the other mountain peaks weren't related to Luo Zheng. They naturally couldn't be bothered to get involved in the Family Zhuge matters. It was just that when Lone Sky Peak's Zhu Tianlai took the lead and stood on Luo Zheng's side, they didn't say anything.
Now that Zhuge Qingyun had promised to escort them down the mountain, they were naturally tempted.
The disciples of the Blue Cloud Sect walked over one by one. Soon enough, Luo Zheng's side was only left with the disciples of the Heaven's Fury Peak, Xiao Yufeng's group, Zhu Qianning, and the female disciples of the Jade Maiden Peak.
Seeing the people on Luo Zheng's side disappearing one by one, Zhuge Qingyun's smile intensified as he spoke with delight, "Apart from Luo Zheng, everyone else can leave. I believe that as long as they aren't fools, they should know how to make the choice!"
Just as Zhuge Qingyun's voice faded, he saw a flash of light coming from the hands of a female disciple behind Luo Zheng.
That flash of light rapidly converged into a dragon-shaped quintessence, which then rushed towards Zhuge Qingyun with incomparable prowess.
"Roar!"
At this moment, Zhuge Qingyun felt the threat of death as a chill rose up from his spine. He immediately leaped and forcefully dodged that dragon.
The Startling Dragon rushed forward and finally crashed into a house behind Zhuge Qingyun. The entire house instantly collapsed under the impact of the Startling Dragon.
"Rumble!"
When the house collapsed, the entire ground was filled with smoke and dust.
Zhuge Qingyun's expression was unsightly, and so was the group of soldiers that he brought with him.
Zhuge Ye's face was wrapped in gauze, and his expression couldn't be seen. However, from his eyes, it was obvious that his expression wasn't any better.
"Dragon Shock? She is from the Family Zhu! "Zhuge Qingyun glared at Zhu Qianning with a vicious expression.
Zhu Qianning had a calm expression and even had a trace of mockery. However, she didn't say anything and continued to stand beside Luo Zheng. As long as she stood behind him, Zhu Qianning would feel a sense of security from the bottom of her heart.
The descendants of landowning clans rarely had any grudges as they understood each other's clan's strength. As a descendant of a landowning clan, they would normally be cautious when they encountered other landowning clans.
However, that woman from the Family Zhu was actually so unreasonable. He, Zhuge Qingyun, didn't even intend to make a move, and that woman actually dared to release the "Dragon Shock" to deal with him. She was simply trying to take his life!
Zhuge Qingyun was already extremely furious. "I don't care who you are from the Family Zhu. You are going to die today. No, I will let you serve my army brothers first before killing you! Ge Lun, Ge Clan, attack! I suspect that there are demons hiding here. Kill anyone who resists without mercy! "
Hearing Zhuge Qingyun's words, Luo Zheng's expression was very calm. However, in the depths of his eyes, a deep killing intent finally emerged.
Luo Zheng was only a little afraid of Zhuge Qingyun and the group of people that he brought along, but it was far from being afraid.
After all, the other party had the identity of a soldier, and they were in White Emperor City.
If he had a choice, Luo Zheng wouldn't be willing to make a move against the other party. For example, Zhu Tianlai had used the Blue Cloud Sect to suppress Zhuge Qingyun, which made him a little afraid.
However, Zhuge Qingyun's words had already reached such a stage. There was no turning back today!
Anyone who understood Luo Zheng knew that the calmer he was, the deeper the anger that was hidden in his heart.
Luo Zheng gently took a step forward. His gait was very steady, as though he was taking a stroll in a courtyard.
Just as his right foot touched the ground, the power of over a hundred dragon scales in the depths of his sea of consciousness suddenly erupted!
The tip of his right foot lightly touched the ground and turned Luo Zheng's foot upside down, causing an extremely terrifying force to touch the ground.
"Pa!"
With the tip of Luo Zheng's foot as the center, the hard ground began to crack. These cracks rapidly spread and covered the entire room's ground. These cracks even spread to the walls, beams, and even the roof of the room.
Relying on this enormous thrust, Luo Zheng was like an arrow that left the bow as he shot towards Zhuge Qingyun!
The two bodyguards beside Zhuge Qingyun had the fastest reaction. When they saw Luo Zheng's sudden burst of power and speed, their expressions slightly changed.
However, he was only a Half-step Xiantian. No matter how strong he was, there was a limit to his strength. After the two bodyguards exchanged glances, they were like two doors blocking in front of Luo Zheng.
Facing Luo Zheng's ferocious momentum, the two bodyguards didn't dare to be negligent. They circulated all the True Essence in their body and used it to condense two earth-yellow shields.
These two bodyguards had been on the battlefield for a long time and didn't cultivate any fancy martial arts. The earth-yellow shields they condensed with their True Essence looked unremarkable, but they were able to resist the attack of a Demon General.
'It should be more than enough to block this brat, right? With this brat's speed, just the recoil will be enough to make him suffer! 'The two bodyguards had the same thought.
"Get out of my way!"
When Luo Zheng arrived in front of them, he brandished his fists and smashed them towards the earth-yellow shields condensed by the two bodyguards.
Luo Zheng's fists sunk deeply into the thick earth-yellow shields. These two shields were three inches thick. Because they were formed from True Essence, they had intentionally lowered their hardness. This way, they could effectively dissolve most of the force.
These True Essence Shields were indeed effective!
Even though Luo Zheng had borrowed all the energy from the dragon scales in his mind, he still wasn't able to shatter the shields.
However …
When he realized that his strength couldn't shatter the True Essence Shields, Luo Zheng's fists emitted two strands of Heavenly Demon True Qi.
When the Heavenly Demon True Qi poured into the True Essence Shields, it was like pouring cold water into boiling oil. The Heavenly Demon True Qi quickly engulfed and transformed the two shields!
The two bodyguards' complexion changed greatly. They knew that the situation wasn't good and quickly let go. Only God knew if the purplish-black True Qi would engulf their bodies.
Their instincts from fighting on the battlefield all year round saved them. If they didn't let go, the Heavenly Demon True Qi would quickly engulf their bodies.
However, after losing the protection of the True Essence Shields, the two bodyguards had to face Luo Zheng's fists directly!
"Bang! Bang!"
Luo Zheng's fists smashed onto the two bodyguards' chests. The two bodyguards were like kites with their strings cut as they flew out.
When he punched, Luo Zheng held back. After all, the two bodyguards were only following Zhuge Qingyun's orders. They didn't commit any major mistakes and wouldn't take their lives.
After the two bodyguards were sent flying by Luo Zheng, there was no longer any obstruction between Zhuge Qingyun and Luo Zheng.
At this moment, Zhuge Qingyun's complexion was extremely marvelous!
Although he was also a martial artist and was at Xiantian Stage Six, he relied on elixirs to cultivate his cultivation. His personal strength wasn't considered valiant. His forte lay in his strategy and art of war!
However, he was very clear about the strength of the two bodyguards by his side. When the two of them worked together, they had once fought against four Daemon Generals!
However, these two bodyguards weren't able to block a single attack from Luo Zheng!
When Zhuge Ye told Luo Zheng about the situation, he had repeatedly mentioned that he must not treat Luo Zheng as a Half-step Xiantian.
Therefore, Zhuge Qingyun rushed over with his two bodyguards.
However, Luo Zheng's strength was still beyond Zhuge Qingyun's expectations …
At this moment, the only thing Zhuge Qingyun could do was to retreat!
Zhuge Qingyun retreated extremely quickly. At the same time, tiny Willow Leaf Darts were shot out from his body!
Luo Zheng didn't even put those Willow Leaf Darts in his eyes. He allowed them to hit his body as he charged towards Zhuge Qingyun.
＝＝＝＝＝

Chapter 113
With one chasing and the other retreating, the two of them left the barracks and arrived at the street outside.
When facing Luo Zheng's pursuit, Zhuge Qingyun used all the methods he could.
Seeing that the Willow Leaf Darts were ineffective against Luo Zheng, he took out a brown talisman.
"Ding Jiabing!"
Zhuge Qingyun tossed out the paper talisman, which instantly combusted. A soldier wearing rattan armor appeared in front of him and immediately slashed at Luo Zheng with his saber.
"Break for me!"
Luo Zheng punched again and turned the Ding Jiabing into nothingness. He then waved his fist and chased after Zhuge Qingyun.
Seeing this, Zhuge Qingyun clenched his teeth and crushed a pendant in front of his chest.
This pendant was a family heirloom of the Family Zhuge. It was bestowed to him by his family after he became a strategist of the Imperial Army. It was said that it could save his life at a crucial moment.
When the pendant was crushed by Zhuge Qingyun, a light blue circular light screen appeared around Zhuge Qingyun.
"Break!"
Luo Zheng smashed his fist on the light screen.
The light screen shook a few times and returned to its original state.
"So hard?"
To be able to block Luo Zheng's astonishing strength, this light screen was indeed very strange. After all, it was a family heirloom of the Family Zhuge.
"Pong, Pong, Pong, Pong, Pong, Pong!"
Luo Zheng smashed over a dozen punches. Although the light screen was shaking violently, he was still unable to break the light screen.
Seeing this, Zhuge Qingyun let out a breath of relief. As long as he persisted for a while, someone would come and save him. This was the White Emperor City, and he was a strategist of the Imperial Army! How could he allow this guy to behave so atrociously?! Zhuge Qingyun sneered and said, "Don't even think of breaking it. This is a supreme treasure, the Nine Chi Spectroscope. Once it is released, even a Divine Reflection Realm expert would not be able to break it in a short period of time!"
After trying for a while, Luo Zheng found that his brute force really couldn't break the light curtain. A trace of Heavenly Devil True Energy jumped out of his hand. He gently patted the light curtain and injected the Heavenly Devil True Energy into it.
It was very effective. With the Heavenly Demon True Qi's ability to devour everything, it instantly swallowed a hole in the light screen. At the same time, it quickly spread to the surroundings.
"How is that possible? What is this True Qi of yours?! " When Zhuge Qingyun saw this, his face instantly turned green as he said, "Luo Zheng, this is the White Emperor City. If you dare to touch me, you will be making an enemy out of the million-strong Emperor Army!"
Luo Zheng snorted coldly. Before the light curtain was completely engulfed by the Heavenly Devil Qi, he reached out his hand from the gap and grabbed Zhuge Qingyun's neck. "Go against the army of a million emperors? You're just a mere strategist. How can you represent a million soldiers? "
"I can't represent the army of a million emperors, but my surname is Zhuge. If you go against the Zhuge Clan, I will capture you and kill you no matter what!" Zhuge Qingyun threatened again.
Luo Zheng sighed and increased the strength of his hand that grabbed Zhuge Qingyun's neck. "Your Family Zhuge. Other than constantly saying the word 'Zhuge', what other abilities do you have?"
Right at this moment, Zhuge Qingyun suddenly patted on Luo Zheng's hand. He suddenly revealed a sneer and said, "Of course, I have the ability to kill you!"
After speaking, a blue talisman paper appeared in Zhuge Qingyun's hand. He fiercely stuck it on Luo Zheng's hand and it rapidly burned. Soon after, a large amount of fine lightning emerged from the talisman paper!
The lightning instantly covered Luo Zheng's entire body. It didn't cause any harm to Luo Zheng, but it paralyzed every muscle in Luo Zheng's body. In other words, Luo Zheng couldn't move at all.
"Tss tss tss …"
Luo Zheng could only stand firmly on the spot and couldn't move at all.
Zhuge Qingyun's face revealed an insolent smile again. "Insolent brat. You didn't expect this move, right? Die! "
Another shiny dagger appeared in Zhuge Qingyun's hand and stabbed towards Luo Zheng's neck.
Zhuge Qingyun knew that his strength wasn't enough, so he prepared a lot of unexpected things on him. At the critical moment, these little things could be of great use and save his life!
It was a pity that when Zhuge Qingyun's dagger stabbed halfway, he felt an intense pain in his head that caused him to palpitate. He immediately held onto his head and rolled on the ground.
"Spirit Stun Thorn!"
Luo Zheng looked coldly at Zhuge Qingyun, who was rolling on the ground. There wasn't a trace of pity on his face, and the killing intent in his eyes gradually intensified.
After the lightning released by Zhuge Qingyun's blue talisman paper disappeared, Luo Zheng moved his paralyzed body. He picked up the dagger from the ground and stabbed it towards Zhuge Qingyun, who was rolling on the ground.
"Audacious! If you dare to kill my Imperial Army's strategist, you will become the enemy of the entire Sky-Scorching Empire! " Not far away, another person was rushing over. When he saw Luo Zheng's dagger was about to land, he immediately roared in anger.
"Another representative of the Empire." Luo Zheng frowned and stabbed the dagger towards Zhuge Qingyun. "Die for me!"
"Puchi!"
The dagger entered Zhuge Qingyun's body, and blood splattered everywhere. Luo Zheng wasn't fond of killing, but if he didn't know the Spirit Stun Thorn, he might have been the one to die. Luo Zheng would never be merciful to someone who wanted to take his life.
"Courting death!" The approaching Imperial Army's commander surged his True Essence and turned into a Five-Clawed Golden Dragon that charged towards Luo Zheng. The Five-Clawed Golden Dragon was incessantly burning, and waves of heatwaves assaulted with horrifying might.
"Divine Reflection Realm expert!"
Luo Zheng frowned. This was the second Divine Reflection Realm expert he encountered.
Previously, when Luo Zheng faced Wang Yanmiao, who was also a Divine Reflection Realm expert, he didn't even have the strength to retaliate.
Divine Reflection Realm experts could burn their True Essence and amplify the power of their True Essence by more than ten times. Dealing with a Xiantian lifeform was like dealing with an ant.
Luo Zheng was fully aware of the might of a Divine Reflection Realm expert. Therefore, he could only evade the attack and retreat.
However, that Five-Clawed Golden Dragon formed from True Essence seemed to possess intelligence. It bit Luo Zheng's back tightly, as if it wouldn't give up until it swallowed Luo Zheng in one gulp.
At this moment, Luo Zheng heard Zhu Qianning's voice shouting, "Luo Zheng, get down!"
Luo Zheng didn't hesitate and rolled forward, lying flat on the ground.
"Roar!"
A Frightening Dragon rushed over Luo Zheng's head and collided with the Five-Clawed Golden Dragon in an instant.
Zhu Qianning's Frightening Dragon was originally equivalent to a Divine Reflection Realm expert's all-out attack. However, Zhu Qianning didn't have the ability to control this Frightening Dragon. Therefore, although this type of concealed weapon in her hand was powerful, it often didn't hit its target.
At this moment, Luo Zheng lowered his body, and the Frightening Dragon collided with the Five-Clawed Golden Dragon.
The two Divine Reflection Realm experts' all-out attacks collided with terrifying might. After the Frightening Dragon and the Five-Clawed Golden Dragon collided, they immediately lit up with a blazing white light. The surrounding disciples of the Blue Cloud Sect, as well as the soldiers brought by Zhuge Qingyun, all closed their eyes out of reflex.
After the ball of light disappeared, the Thearch Army general walked over with a gloomy expression and shouted, "Even if you are a member of the Family Zhu, you still have to give me an explanation. Why did you kill Zhuge Qingyun?"
Facing the Thearch Army general's shout, Zhu Qianning didn't have the slightest fear. She stood out bravely and coldly replied, "Because he deserved to die!"
"Whether Zhuge Qingyun deserved to die or not, it is not up to you to decide. He is a member of our Thearch Army. Only the Thearch Army has the right to judge him!" The Thearch Army general's hand flickered with true essence, and another mini Five-Clawed Golden Dragon coiled around his hand. "If you can't give me an explanation, all of you must die!"
After Luo Zheng got up from the ground, he spat a mouthful of blood on the ground. When the Frightening Dragon collided with the Five-Clawed Golden Dragon, the aftershock was too strong. Luo Zheng, who was lying at the side, was affected. "What? Are you trying to say that Zhuge Qingyun's saber is already on my neck, and I can't retaliate? Should I extend my neck for him to kill me? "
"Our million-strong Thearch Army is stationed in the White Thearch City. We have always been disciplined. If Zhuge Qingyun wants to kill you, he naturally has sufficient reasons!" The Thearch Army general spoke solemnly.
"Hahaha, I truly admire you. You can say such shameless words in such a sanctimonious manner. Why are you still asking us for an explanation? Just kill me! " Luo Zheng might have said so, but he was already on full alert. The Heavenly Devil True Qi in his body was also quietly circulating.
Even if he was facing a Divine Reflection Realm expert, Luo Zheng wouldn't just sit and wait for death.
"Is that so? Then you can go and die! " The Thearch Army general waved his hand, and the Five-Clawed Golden Dragon in his hand expanded. It turned into a huge Five-Clawed Golden Dragon that coiled around with astonishing prowess.
"Roar!"
With a push from the Thearch Army general, the Five-Clawed Golden Dragon's entire body was burning intensely as it pounced at Luo Zheng.
The Five-Clawed Golden Dragon was formed from True Essence. Once the True Essence was ignited, its prowess would increase by several folds.
At the sight of this, Lin Geng, Zhu Tianlai, and the others who were standing at the entrance of the military camp turned pale.
Luo Zheng might be able to defeat a Demon General, and his strength was simply heaven-defying in their eyes. But so what if he was strong? The opponent was a Divine Reflection Realm expert.
There was an entire realm between the Half-step Xiantian Realm and the Divine Reflection Realm!
The gap between the realms could indeed be bridged with other things, such as supreme-grade weapons, special cultivation techniques, extraordinary talents, top-secret special techniques, and so on.
However, the gap between Luo Zheng and the Thearch Army general was like a natural chasm. Even after taking everything into consideration, it was impossible to surpass this natural chasm!
When the Thearch Army general made a move, it was equivalent to pronouncing Luo Zheng's death sentence.
Facing the Five-Clawed Golden Dragon with unparalleled prowess, the Heavenly Devil True Qi in Luo Zheng's body gushed out from his dantian like a tidal wave and converged on his fists.
"Heavenly Devil God Fist's Devil Shakes the World!"
Luo Zheng had once used this fist to block an all-out attack from a Divine Reflection Realm expert.
Now, Luo Zheng's strength and strength had risen to a new level. Moreover, Luo Zheng felt that the Thearch Army general in front of him was far less oppressive than Wang Yanmiao. There should still be a certain gap between their strengths.

Chapter 114
Compared to the Five-clawed Golden Dragon, Luo Zheng's Heavenly Devil Fist was much weaker and more restrained.
After all, Luo Zheng was only half a step away from the Primordial Realm, so he could only condense Genuine Qi. Even though the Heavenly Devil Genuine Qi was very powerful, there was an essential difference between Genuine Qi and Genuine Qi. Moreover, the Five-clawed Golden Dragon was constantly burning its Genuine Qi!
The two people's attacks were like the pecking of an eagle and a chick. They were not on the same level.
"Boom!"
After colliding with the Five-clawed Golden Dragon, Luo Zheng's Fist Shadow quietly drilled into the dragon's body and disappeared without a trace.
A faint smile appeared on the general's face. Facing his Phantom Dragon Fist head-on, this brat really didn't know how strong he was and overestimated himself. His Five-Clawed Golden Dragon forcibly dissolved the brat's Fist Intent formed by his Genuine Qi.
Zhu Tianlai, Lin Geng, and the others also shook their heads.
Everything that had happened in front of them was within their expectations.
Not to mention Luo Zheng, if it had been anyone else present, the result would have been the same. They would not have been able to fight back at all!
At this moment, Zhu Qianning's eyes revealed a trace of ruthlessness. She had brought three Frightening Dragon Jade Boxes this time. In order to block the first Five-clawed Golden Dragon, she had used the last Frightening Dragon.
However, Zhu Qianning did not only have Frightening Dragon as a hidden weapon for self-defense.
She also had a Thunder Cleansing Stone in her hand. This small Thunder Cleansing Stone was one of the three most powerful hidden weapons of the Family Zhu.
Because it was extremely troublesome to make a thunderwashing stone, and the materials were expensive, the cost of making one thunderwashing stone was almost ten thousand crystal cubes. Throwing one thunderwashing stone was like throwing ten thousand crystal cubes. It was like throwing money at the other party.
Therefore, the entire Family Zhu had only made seven Thunder Cleansing Stones, and one of them was in the hands of Zhu Qianning.
If Luo Zheng could not resist the Five-clawed Golden Dragon, Zhu Qianning would use this Thunder Cleansing Stone.
Zhu Qianning held the Thunder Cleansing Stone tightly in her hand and watched every move in front of her. She looked very nervous.
After the Five-clawed Golden Dragon shattered Luo Zheng's Fist Intent, it continued to pounce on Luo Zheng. When it was close to Luo Zheng, a sudden change occurred.
A purplish black dot suddenly appeared on the chest of the Five-Clawed Golden Dragon. The purplish black dot rapidly expanded as soon as it appeared.
Zhu Qianning's eyes widened, she knew that the dark purple True Qi was Luo Zheng's True Qi!
Luo Zheng's True Qi went from engulfing to spreading. It was a slow process. When the Five-clawed Golden Dragon reached Luo Zheng, it had been completely engulfed by the Heavenly Devil True Qi.
The originally glittering Five-clawed Golden Dragon had now turned into a dark purple dragon. It stopped abruptly in front of Luo Zheng and did not move forward.
The Imperial Army general's expression changed. His Illusory Dragon Fist could summon a Five-clawed Golden Dragon to meet the enemy. In the process of meeting the enemy, he could control the Five-clawed Golden Dragon to change its direction and even let out a dragon's roar to increase its power.
But at this moment, the Five-clawed Golden Dragon cultivated by his True Qi had not only turned dark purple, but he had also lost contact with it. In other words, he could not control this dragon at all.
"What's going on? Why did the Five-clawed Golden Dragon turn dark purple? What did this brat do? "Faced with something he could not understand, all kinds of doubts arose in his heart.
Luo Zheng looked at the dark purple dragon floating in front of him and suddenly thought of something. When he released his True Qi, he had never thought of controlling it. After all, with his Half-step Xiantian strength, he could not do this.
After entering the Half-step Xiantian realm, he could only release his True Qi out of his body. Although the True Qi could not be destroyed after leaving the body, it often needed to attach itself to other things to kill the enemy from a distance.
Only after entering the Xiantian Secret Realm and transforming True Qi into True Qi, could one use True Qi to control objects and kill the enemy.
However, the dark purple dragon in front of him was originally formed by the Imperial Army general's True Qi. After being engulfed by his Heavenly Devil True Qi, it became Luo Zheng's thing.
In this case, should I be able to control this Five-clawed Black Dragon?
Thinking of this, Luo Zheng released his soul and inserted a strand of his consciousness into the Five-clawed Black Dragon.
"Roar, roar!"
The Five-clawed Black Dragon seemed to have awakened from a deep slumber. It roared at the sky and circled around Luo Zheng.
"Yes! I can control it! " Luo Zheng reached out and patted the Five-clawed Black Dragon. He looked at the Divine Reflection Realm general opposite him with a smile on his face.
Seeing this scene, the crowd could not wrap their heads around it for a moment.
What was going on? Just now, the Five-clawed Golden Dragon was about to turn Luo Zheng into ashes. But in the blink of an eye, the Five-clawed Golden Dragon turned into a Black Dragon? And this Black Dragon seemed to be under Luo Zheng's control?
Was there anything stranger in the world than this scene in front of them?
Zhu Qianning's eyes flashed with a beautiful luster. Her hand holding the Thunder Cleansing Stone trembled faintly. She thought to herself, I've been too lenient. Luo Zheng is a genius that appears once in a million years. So what if he's only a Half-step Xiantian?
So what if he's facing a Divine Reflection Realm expert?
He'll always have a way to deal with it!
Zhu Tianlai, who was holding the black and white swords, had his mouth wide open. In fact, he was just wondering if he should help Luo Zheng.
Zhu Tianlai was very conceited. Although his strength was not in the top ten of the Tianyi Peak, his speed of advancement was the fastest. Even if he was not in the top ten now, he would definitely be in the top ten in the future!
Conceited people did not like to owe others favors!
In the Cang Qiong Forest, Zhu Tianlai was saved by Luo Zheng once. So, along the way, Zhu Tianlai was very protective of Luo Zheng. There was no other reason than that he wanted to return the favor to Luo Zheng.
Although the Divine Reflection Realm expert was powerful, Zhu Tianlai also cultivated a secret technique that could greatly increase his strength in a short time. He was confident that he could block half of the Imperial Army general's attack. As for the other half, Luo Zheng would have to face it himself.
But what Zhu Tianlai didn't expect was that Luo Zheng would use some strange method to not only easily dissolve the Divine Reflection Realm expert's full power attack, but also grab the five-clawed golden dragon back into his hand. This was the strangest thing Zhu Tianlai had ever seen in his life …
Lin Geng, the disciple surnamed Qiu, Hao Shige, Guo Zirao, and the others finally understood what "method" meant.
Luo Zheng had completely redefined "method"!
If Luo Zheng could take the full power attack of a Divine Reflection Realm expert, then there was probably no one in Xiao Yufeng's inner sect who could be his opponent.
Hao Shige and Guo Zirao were only outer sect disciples, so they naturally didn't know the situation in Xiao Yufeng's inner sect.
Lin Geng and the disciple surnamed Qiu looked at each other. They both understood that they were thinking the same thing.
In fact, Xiao Yufeng was ranked last among the 33 peaks, but the true strength of Xiao Yufeng's inner sect was definitely not weak.
Since Instructor Su's arrival, he had discovered several extremely talented disciples in succession. The entire Xiao Yufeng was accumulating strength, waiting to explode when the 33 peaks were rearranged!
Lin Geng had always thought that the current top three inner sect disciples, Lu Tianwu, Yu Quan, and Liu Tianquan, were Xiao Yufeng's future hope.
But now it seemed that Liu Tianquan wasn't a match for Luo Zheng, and Yu Quan wasn't a match for Luo Zheng either. Even the number one inner sect disciple, Lu Tianwu, wasn't a match for Luo Zheng!
Who was the dark horse? Outer sect disciple Luo Zheng was the true dark horse!
Luo Zheng manipulated the five-clawed black dragon to circle around him a few times, but quickly discovered that he couldn't keep it by his side forever.
The reason was simple: he didn't have enough true qi.
After transforming true qi, he had to continuously transfer his true qi to the dragon.
Although Luo Zheng's body was different from ordinary people, and his Zhen Qi was far more powerful than others of the same level, compared to an Illuminating Spirit expert, his Zhen Qi was nothing at all!
Just now, Luo Zheng had used his Heavenly Devil True Qi to devour the general's five-clawed golden dragon and transform it into a five-clawed black dragon. But now … Luo Zheng was manipulating the five-clawed black dragon to circle around him, consuming his Heavenly Devil True Qi.
The rate at which his True Qi was being consumed was too shocking. The amount of True Qi in his Dantian was decreasing at a visible rate.
"If that's the case, then … go! Give him a taste of his own medicine! "
Luo Zheng reached out and pushed lightly. The five-clawed black dragon raised its head and roared. The dragon's roar caused the eardrums of the surrounding people to buzz.
Then, the five-clawed black dragon pounced on the general in the distance!
Seeing the five-clawed black dragon pouncing on him, the general's eyes twitched. No matter who it was, they would be unhappy to see their own attack being neutralized, and the general had to suffer his own attack …
There was no time for the general to think. His five fingers turned into claws, and a five-clawed golden dragon instantly appeared in his hand. With the same posture and speed, the five-clawed black dragon pounced on Luo Zheng's five-clawed black dragon.
The five-clawed black dragon and the five-clawed golden dragon were entangled in mid-air.
In less than a breath's time, the outcome of the battle had been decided.
The five-clawed golden dragon's attack was far more powerful than the five-clawed black dragon's. After several attacks, Luo Zheng's five-clawed black dragon was torn into pieces.
A smile appeared on the general's face. "A fake is a fake! If you encounter a real five-clawed golden dragon, you'll be exposed immediately! "
In fact, the strength of the two dragons was not at the same level.
The five-clawed golden dragon was transformed from true qi, while the five-clawed black dragon was formed from true qi. The two were fundamentally different. What's more, the five-clawed golden dragon was constantly burning its true qi, increasing its power by more than ten times.

Chapter 115
The Five-Clawed Black Dragon was indeed torn into pieces by the Five-Clawed Golden Dragon, but after it was torn apart, the Heavenly Devil True Qi drilled into the Five-Clawed Golden Dragon's body.
Therefore, the Five-Clawed Golden Dragon turned into a Five-Clawed Black Dragon in an instant. Furthermore, it looked even bigger than before! Its might was even more astonishing!
Luo Zheng smiled faintly. "You have suffered once, but you still don't learn your lesson …"
The Imperial Army general looked at the Five-Clawed Black Dragon that was twice its size and opened his mouth wide. He stammered, "This … this … how could this be!?"
The disciples of the Blue Cloud Sect, who were watching the battle from the back, were speechless at this moment.
The purplish-black true qi in Luo Zheng's body was too abnormal and too shameless.
The Five-Clawed Black Dragon that was twice its size circled in the air before pouncing towards the Imperial Army general again.
Seeing that might, the Imperial Army general's face turned pale. He couldn't think of a way to break it at this moment. Under the circumstances, another Five-Clawed Golden Dragon was shot out from his hand.
This time, even the disciples of the Blue Cloud Sect couldn't stand it anymore.
"That Imperial Army general is a Divine Reflection Realm expert. How could he be so stupid? Isn't he sending himself to his death?"
"I wonder how he managed to cultivate to the Divine Reflection Realm. It is truly inconceivable … he is too stupid!"
The evaluation of the disciples of the Blue Cloud Sect was correct. After the third Five-Clawed Golden Dragon rushed up, it was also devoured by the Five-Clawed Black Dragon. Therefore, Luo Zheng's Five-Clawed Black Dragon became three times its size.
A Five-Clawed Golden Dragon was already extremely huge and could wrap around an entire house.
Now that Luo Zheng's Five-Clawed Black Dragon was three times bigger than the Five-Clawed Golden Dragon, it was like a colossal object. This colossal object was circling in the air. If it were to smash down on the Imperial Army general, it would have the power to destroy the world!
Looking at the Imperial Army general in the distance, Luo Zheng didn't have the slightest bit of pity. With a wave of his hand, the colossal Five-Clawed Black Dragon let out a violent dragon roar and charged towards the Imperial Army general in a ferocious manner.
At this moment, the Imperial Army general was completely dizzy and regretful in his heart.
He only had some friendship with Zhuge Qingyun!
There were countless capable people in White Thearch City, so why did he have to stand out for Zhuge Qingyun? Who would have thought that he would lose his life just like that!
But he couldn't be blamed for this! That brat was just a half-step Xiantian brat, while he was a Divine Reflection expert. Could it be that he couldn't even deal with a half-step Xiantian brat? At the thought of this, the general of the Imperial Army was completely disheartened. Apart from fear, a deep sense of defeat rose in his heart.
Just as the five-clawed black dragon swooped down and was about to reach him, a strange barrier suddenly appeared in front of him.
The barrier was squarish and looked like a small box. It completely enveloped the general.
No matter how the five-clawed black dragon attacked, gnawed, and eroded … it was unable to break through the square barrier at all.
Luo Zheng, who was not far away, saw this scene and sighed. It seemed that a big shot had intervened!
In fact, Luo Zheng also knew that it was impossible to alarm those peerless experts in White Thearch City with such a huge commotion.
No matter how Luo Zheng manipulated the five-clawed black dragon, it was unable to break through the square barrier. Finally, after the Heavenly Devil True Qi in the five-clawed black dragon was used up, the five-clawed black dragon dissipated from the world.
At this moment, a young lady wearing a nine-colored long dress appeared in the sky.
That young lady waved her jade-like hand in the air, and the barrier around the general of the Imperial Army disappeared piece by piece.
It was obvious that the barrier was summoned by this young lady.
"Ah, she can't be …" Among the disciples of the Blue Cloud Sect, someone shouted in astonishment.
"She is Yun Luo!" Another disciple of the Blue Cloud Sect called out her name.
"Heavens, this is my first time seeing Yun Luo. She is too beautiful, but she is as cold as the legends. Does she really have no feelings?"
"She is known as the Maiden of Slaughter. Do you think she has feelings?"
The disciples of the Blue Cloud Sect discussed animatedly. They were obviously very interested in the young lady in the sky and knew a lot about her.
The young lady in the air slowly walked down the stairs.
Only those in the Divine Reflection Realm could fly, but this young lady's method was very unique. Transparent stairs continuously appeared under her feet. She walked down leisurely, her nine-colored long dress swaying gently. Her snow-white feet were wearing a pair of wooden clogs, which made clattering sounds as she walked on the stairs.
She seemed to be moving very slowly, but she arrived in front of Luo Zheng in just a few steps.
At this time, Luo Zheng took a good look at the young lady in front of him named Yun Luo.
Yun Luo looked to be about 13 or 14 years old. Her face still had some baby fat, which made her look round and cute. However, her eyes were snow-white, as if they were shrouded in a white mist. Compared to Zhu Qianning and Su Lingyun, her eyes were much less lively. At least, Luo Zheng could not capture any emotion from her eyes.
There was no sadness, no joy, no surprise, and no disappointment …
If a person had no feelings, then she was not a puppet?
Luo Zheng thought so, but he certainly did not dare to say it out loud. Facing Yun Luo, Luo Zheng was still a little nervous.
Even though she had only saved the general of the Imperial Army, the strength she had displayed made Luo Zheng wary. At the very least, Luo Zheng knew that he was far from being a match for her at this stage. He couldn't even resist her!
"What's your name?" Yun Luo suddenly asked.
Her voice was very pleasant, better than any woman's voice that Luo Zheng had ever heard. Whether it was Zhu Qianning, Su Lingyun, or Miss Qing Ling, who made a living by singing in the Golden Breeze and Drizzle Building, none of their voices were as pleasant as hers.
However, Luo Zheng did not like this voice at all!
Because there was no trace of emotion in her voice. It was not salty, not faint, not strict, and not gentle. It was as if she was a complete stone or a puppet …
"My name is Luo Zheng," Luo Zheng still nodded and answered her question.
Yun Luo replied with an "oh" and said at the same time, "You're very strange. You're only a Half-step to Innate Realm, but you were able to defeat Xu Xiu. It's really strange!"
Looking at Yun Luo's expression, Luo Zheng found it funny. She said it was strange, but he could feel that she had no expression at all. It was Luo Zheng who felt strange talking to such a person!
"You seemed to have used a very unique type of vital energy to transform Xu Xiu's Five-clawed Golden Dragon. However, if I were Xu Xiu, it would be very easy to break your trick." Yun Luo glanced at the Imperial Army general called Xu Xiu in the distance and said, "With your strength, you can't control the Five-clawed Golden Dragon for a long time. As long as Xu Xiu stays far away from you, you won't be able to hold on for long."
Luo Zheng deeply agreed with Yun Luo's analysis. She was able to find a way to break his trick in such a short time. It seemed that this girl was not without intelligence … but why did she look so emotionless?
"However, there's no need to discuss these things. You're in White Emperor City, and you dare to offend my Imperial Army. This is already a capital offense. Choose a method that you can accept, and I'll grant you death," Yun Luo said expressionlessly.
This woman …
Luo Zheng was completely speechless. She said she wanted his life, as if it was as simple as killing a chicken.
What made Luo Zheng even more depressed was that she was completely unreasonable. She just wanted him to die.
"There's right and wrong in everything. If he didn't provoke me, why would I provoke him?" Luo Zheng's face darkened again.
The people in White Emperor City were each more unreasonable than the other!
"I don't care about right or wrong here, only rules. White Emperor City is a city built by the Imperial Army. Any act of offending the Imperial Army is a capital offense." Yun Luo's words were very rude and unreasonable, but she said it casually and very seriously. There was not a single joke in her words.
"What if I don't want to die?" Luo Zheng asked in reply.
"It's not up to you." After saying this, Yun Luo stretched out her hand, and a sparkling and translucent cube appeared above Luo Zheng's head. As soon as the cube appeared, it covered Luo Zheng.
Luo Zheng knew that he was no match for it, but he definitely wouldn't wait for death. He rolled on the ground several meters away, and the cube failed to hit him.
Yun Luo's face was expressionless. She stepped on wooden clogs and slowly walked toward Luo Zheng. With a wave of her hand, countless cubes appeared in the sky and continuously covered Luo Zheng's head.
Luo Zheng kept dodging left and right, but there were simply too many of them. In the end, Luo Zheng was forced into a dead end, and finally, he was trapped in the middle of one of the cubes.
Luo Zheng looked at the transparent cube in front of him. He gritted his teeth and punched it.
Generally speaking, no matter how hard a material was, it would tremble or sway under the impact of gravity.
Just like the Nine Chi Dichroic Mirror summoned by Zhuge Qingyun before. Although Luo Zheng couldn't break the light curtain created by the Nine Chi Dichroic Mirror with brute force, the light curtain was still able to withstand the impact of Luo Zheng's power and was constantly shaking.
However, the transparent cube that Yun Luo casually created seemed to be impervious to any kind of power. Under Luo Zheng's fierce hammering, it didn't move an inch!
"Break for me!"
More than a hundred dragon scales in Luo Zheng's body suddenly lit up. Together with the power of Luo Zheng's entire body, he smashed the cube, but it still didn't move an inch.
"Heavenly Devil True Qi, devour!"
Luo Zheng released the Heavenly Devil True Qi, wanting to devour the cube. Unfortunately, the Heavenly Devil True Qi that had always been successful had lost its effect.
"Broken Flying Dagger!"
Luo Zheng took out the Broken Flying Dagger from his Sumeru Ring. The Broken Flying Dagger was sharp enough to cut through anything, but it couldn't cause any damage to the cube!
Yun Luo's nine-colored long skirt slowly fluttered. She walked on the ground with her small wooden clogs and arrived in front of Luo Zheng. "It's useless. Your attack can't break my barrier."
"Barrier? This thing is a barrier? "Luo Zheng frowned as he thought.
"Since you don't want to choose how to die, I'll help you choose." Yun Luo stretched out her snow-white hand. With a light wave of her slender fingers, a square, transparent barrier as thin as a cicada's wing appeared in her hand.
Then, she slowly pushed the transparent barrier in through the square body.
Luo Zheng was in a standing position. If the transparent barrier was pushed in, it would directly cut off Luo Zheng's neck …
＝＝＝＝＝

Chapter 116
However, Luo Zheng didn't suffer any harm until she completely pushed the barrier forward.
Because Luo Zheng was squatting down …
"This idiot!" Luo Zheng squatted on the ground and looked at the girl as if she was an idiot.
Although Luo Zheng dodged it so easily, Yun Luo still didn't have the slightest expression on her face. She always had that incomparably serious but emotionless attitude.
Then she stretched out her hand and summoned another barrier as thin as a cicada's wing, pushing it forward from one side of the square body.
This time, Luo Zheng was still fine.
He curled up his whole body, shrinking to the bottom, and the barrier just happened to brush past his head.
Luo Zheng's posture was very uncomfortable. He lowered his head and hugged his knees with his hands, his whole body turning into the shape of a ball. The top of his head had been sealed by a transparent barrier, so he couldn't even raise his head.
Luo Zheng, with his head lowered, looked at Yun Luo's snow-white and cute little feet, and his heart was full of resentment.
"I didn't expect that I would die so sullenly. I was actually forced to this point by others!" Luo Zheng thought gloomily.
At this time, Yun Luo also relaxed her body and squatted in front of Luo Zheng. She stretched out her hand and a thin barrier appeared in her hand, slowly pushing it toward Luo Zheng.
If the barrier slashed at Luo Zheng like this, his legs, body, and arms would be cut in half by the force of the barrier.
Watching Yun Luo slowly push the barrier that symbolized death, Luo Zheng swallowed a mouthful of saliva, and his eyes revealed a trace of despair …
Just as the thin barrier cut into the square, a bright silver sword shot towards Yun Luo with a swish.
Yun Luo didn't even look at it and pushed back her hand. Another barrier appeared in her hand, blocking the attack of the silver sword.
"Yun Luo, wait!"
The person who came was Zhu Feihang.
Seeing that the situation was not right, Zhu Qianning activated the Button of Thousand Miles again.
Today, Zhu Feihang had gone out with the other experts of White Emperor City to clean up the remnants of the demi-humans around White Emperor City and break the siege.
Under Zhu Qianning's summons, he hurriedly completed the task and rushed back. He didn't expect to find such a thing as soon as he came back.
At the same time, Zhu Feihang was also puzzled.
He couldn't figure out how Luo Zheng had provoked Yun Luo, the demon of slaughter!
Yun Luo glanced at Zhu Feihang indifferently. "What's the matter?"
"Why did you kill Luo Zheng?" Zhu Feihang asked.
"This person offended the Imperial Army and almost killed Xu Xiu. Therefore, he has committed a capital offense. Naturally, I have to kill him," Yun Luo replied.
"Almost killed Xu Xiu?" When Zhu Feihang heard this, he immediately fainted. He didn't see the battle between Luo Zheng and Xu Xiu. When he heard this, he immediately felt that it was inconceivable. If he hadn't seen it with his own eyes, anyone who heard this might have taken it as a joke.
However, Zhu Feihang knew Yun Luo very well. This murderous girl had no feelings at all. At the same time, it was impossible for her to lie. If she said that Luo Zheng almost killed Xu Xiu, then Luo Zheng really could kill Xu Xiu!
"I think there must be a misunderstanding!" Zhu Feihang said.
"I have already asked clearly. There can't be any misunderstanding here," Yun Luo said and continued to push her fatal Bounded Domain toward Luo Zheng.
"Wait! Yun Luo, even if Luo Zheng committed a crime, it shouldn't be carried out by you. It should be handed over to the Military Law Office to be dealt with! "Zhu Feihang suddenly had an idea and said.
Compared to others, Zhu Feihang understood Yun Luo better.
This murderous girl had no feelings. At the same time, she was extremely rigid in her actions. It was almost impossible to persuade her with human relationships. One could only insist on the rules with her.
According to the rules of the Supreme Army, no matter if a member of the Supreme Army committed a crime or if a civilian had a conflict with the Supreme Army, it should be handed over to the Military Law Office to be dealt with. "Even if Luo Zheng wants to sentence someone to death, it should be carried out by the Military Law Office. Yun Luo, you should be clear about this rule."
Yun Luo tilted her head and thought for a while. She looked like a little girl who hadn't seen much of the world. Who would have thought that countless demons and humans had died in her hands?
"You are right. This person should be locked up first. After the Military Law Office makes a decision, his life can be taken." Yun Luo seemed to be thinking according to Zhu Feihang's way of thinking. "However, now that the Demon Clan army is at our border, the Military Law Office has no time to deal with such a small matter. I will lock him up and hand him over to the Military Law Office after the invasion of the Demon Clan is defeated."
"Then you won't keep him here forever, right?" Zhu Feihang said, not knowing whether to laugh or cry.
"Why not?" Yun Luo blinked her white eyes.
Zhu Feihang suddenly felt a headache …
Luo Zheng also felt a headache …
You won't really keep me here forever, right? I will die if I keep curling up in this small space like this!
Luo Zheng's whole body was curled up in a small space about half a meter square. He couldn't raise his head or even look straight ahead. He felt aggrieved just for a while. If the Demon Clan just surrounded the city and didn't attack, would he have to stay in this position for ten days to half a month? That would be worse than death …
According to Yun Luo's personality, she would almost certainly do that.
Zhu Feihang still wanted to find a way to persuade Yun Luo, but Yun Luo suddenly stood up and said, "It's decided. I will keep him here until the Demon Clan is defeated!"
After saying that, Yun Luo didn't want to talk nonsense with Zhu Feihang anymore. She turned around and left. The square light curtain that wrapped Luo Zheng slowly moved with her, as if she was leading a small pet …
"Hey, hey, hey …" Zhu Feihang's face was full of helplessness. He wanted to stop Yun Luo, but he also knew that with her personality, it was impossible for her to change her mind unless he could defeat her.
Although Zhu Feihang was very confident in his own strength, when he thought of the strange power of Yun Luo's boundary, he finally gave up this idea.
"Second Uncle, what should we do?" Seeing Luo Zheng being led away by Yun Luo like a puppy, Zhu Qianning also became anxious. She originally thought that this problem would be easily solved if she called her Second Uncle back. She didn't expect things to develop to this point.
"Alas, there is no other way now. We can only wrong Luo Zheng for now." Zhu Feihang really couldn't think of any other good ideas except to comfort Zhu Qianning. It should be known that even if he asked the City Lord for help, it would be impossible to persuade Yun Luo.
At this moment, Luo Zheng was really aggrieved in his heart.
He didn't know if Yun Luo did it on purpose, but he was locked in a transparent box just like that. He was rubbing on the ground, and the box would occasionally face the ground. Like this, Luo Zheng's entire body was facing the ground, rolling back and forth …
Being led by Yun Luo all the way through White Emperor City, who knew how many soldiers and commoners were quietly watching his embarrassing appearance.
"Hey, Yun Luo, can you let me go?" Luo Zheng squatted in the transparent box and said.
"Clang!" The box flipped over again, and Luo Zheng's face was facing the ground again. He forcefully turned his head, and only then was he able to see Yun Luo's feet in front of him.
"You are a criminal, why should I let you go?" Yun Luo asked.
"I didn't commit a crime. It was that person called Zhuge Ye who wanted to kill me. In the end, he was beaten up by me, and then he went to call his brother, Zhuge Qingyun, to kill me. Instead, he was killed by me. Then, that person called Xu Xiu, right? He also wanted to kill me … "
Just now, Luo Zheng had more or less understood Yun Luo's way of doing things, so he wanted to persuade her with reason.
"Whether you committed a crime or not depends on the opinion of the Military Law Office. Everything can wait until the Military Law Office makes a decision." After saying this, Yun Luo continued to walk forward, and the transparent box that locked Luo Zheng began to roll again.
Hearing Yun Luo's words, Luo Zheng almost went crazy. This damn girl couldn't talk nonsense at all. He could only curse her in his heart and sigh.
Like this, after a bumpy journey, Luo Zheng finally "rolled" to his destination, which should be Yun Luo's residence.
The construction of this house was quite special. It should be for the high-ranking generals of the Imperial Army in White Emperor City. After dragging Luo Zheng inside, Yun Luo threw him in a corner. Then, she sat on a praying mat, closed her eyes, and meditated with her legs crossed.
Luo Zheng was completely helpless. She had been meditating for several hours, and Luo Zheng couldn't even cultivate with this posture!
Bored to death, Luo Zheng took out a book from the sumeru ring with great difficulty to pass the time.
Fortunately, he had accidentally thrown a novel in before. Although this posture was very uncomfortable, he could only make do with it, tilting his neck to read the book.
After six to eight hours, Yun Luo suddenly opened her eyes, got up, and walked out.
Luo Zheng looked at the door and didn't see anyone. Then, he tried to use his strength to hit the transparent box in front of him with his head.
"Clang!"
Under Luo Zheng's strength, the box rolled forward.
"It works!"
Luo Zheng was overjoyed. Then, he twisted his waist and rolled to the front.
"Again!"
This time, he used strength in his legs and rolled forward again.
After a while, Luo Zheng had mastered the way to move forward. Not only could he roll forward, but he could also use his head to hit the side, roll to the side, and control the direction …
So, Luo Zheng moved forward step by step and finally rolled to the door.
In front of Yun Luo's house, there was a high flight of stairs. Luo Zheng looked at the stairs, took a deep breath, and hit his forehead hard on the transparent box.
"Clang, clang, clang, clang …"
The square box rolled down the stairs with Luo Zheng.
Luo Zheng felt that the world was spinning. When he finally came to his senses, he raised his sore neck and looked carefully. He saw the edge of a nine-colored dress, and below it were slender and long legs, as well as a pair of snow-white feet and wooden clogs.
Then, he looked up and saw Yun Luo's expressionless face.
"Bang, bang, bang …"
Yun Luo took Luo Zheng back to her house from the stairs.
Because he wanted to escape just now, no matter where Yun Luo went, she would drag him behind.
After a while, Luo Zheng found that she was dragging him to the bathroom!
She casually threw Luo Zheng in a corner of the bathroom, and then took off her nine-colored dress in front of Luo Zheng.
Facing a man, she could take off her clothes so openly. It seemed that this girl didn't have the concept of male and female separation in her mind at all!
She cleaned her clothes and stared at Luo Zheng for a while with her big gray eyes. A rare expression appeared on her face — she actually frowned!
In the end, she covered her nine-colored dress with the transparent box. Then, she walked to the wooden tub next to her and jumped in!
Luo Zheng had read a lot. Although he never claimed to be a gentleman, he knew that he shouldn't look at indecent things. However, as a young and vigorous man, it was impossible to say that he didn't have the slightest impulse!
Even if you want to cover me with clothes, you should cover me better. Why do you have to leave such a big gap? Luo Zheng didn't know whether to laugh or cry. Looking through the gap in the nine-colored dress, Luo Zheng could see clearly.

Chapter 117
Yun Luo had already jumped into the wooden tub. With Luo Zheng's eyesight, he could only see her slightly thin shoulders and back.
When Luo Zheng's gaze fell on Yun Luo's body, he couldn't help but be secretly shocked.
It was completely different from what he had imagined. Her back wasn't smooth at all. Instead, there were shocking scars on it!
Those scars were of all shapes and sizes. Some looked like whip scars, while others were scars left behind by knives. Those scars were like earthworms crawling on her back.
With Yun Luo's strength and status, if she wanted to remove these scars, it would be too easy. For example, the "Muscle Nourishing Pill", which was very popular among the women in the Imperial City, could easily remove these scars.
Although the "Muscle Nourishing Pill" was extremely expensive for ordinary people, it should be very easy for Yun Luo to obtain.
"Unless she doesn't want to touch these scars," Luo Zheng thought to himself. What kind of past did this emotionless girl go through?
While Luo Zheng was thinking, he heard the "splash" of water. She got up from the wooden tub and suddenly turned her head. As if she realized that Luo Zheng was peeping, she slightly frowned and gently waved her jade-like hand. Only then did the nine-colored long dress completely cover Luo Zheng.
Luo Zheng, who was in a narrow space, suddenly fell into darkness.
Then, Luo Zheng heard the figure of someone putting on clothes. When the nine-colored long dress covering her was pulled open, he saw that Yun Luo had already finished changing.
At this moment, she was wearing a white loose robe. Her petite body was wrapped in the long robe. Her hands were barely longer than the two sleeves of the long robe, and only four of her slender fingers were exposed. She looked very cute.
However, when Luo Zheng saw her expressionless face, he suddenly felt that the word "cute" was nowhere near her.
"Ding Ding Pang Pang!"
She stretched out her hand and dragged Luo Zheng behind her, leaving the bathroom.
This Yun Luo didn't seem to have any other hobbies. Besides cultivation, she was still cultivating.
After returning to her room, Yun Luo threw Luo Zheng into a corner as usual and sat back down on the futon to continue cultivating with her eyes closed.
Luo Zheng was completely at his wit's end now. If what Yun Luo said was true and he had to wait until the Military Law Office reopened before letting him go, then he would be in big trouble. He had to think of a way.
After thinking for a while, Luo Zheng suddenly shouted at her, "Hey!"
The room was very quiet. There was no other sound. Luo Zheng's "Hello" sounded very loud.
But Yun Luo just sat there and didn't react at all.
"Hey!" Luo Zheng shouted again.
She was like an old monk that had entered into meditation. She seemed to have already sealed off her six senses, causing her to be completely unable to hear any sound or movement from the outside world. She sat on the spot without moving in the slightest like a lifeless puppet.
"If you ignore me, I'll run away!" Luo Zheng said angrily.
Seeing that she still didn't respond, Luo Zheng tried a few more times. Then he used his body to sway and move step by step towards the outside.
When Luo Zheng passed by her, she still had her eyes closed. Her small nose even wrinkled, but she didn't respond to Luo Zheng's movements at all. Luo Zheng was delighted. Could it be that she really didn't respond? Yun Luo was already strange enough. If anything strange happened to her, Luo Zheng wouldn't be surprised.
So Luo Zheng let go of his hands and feet, accelerated his rolling speed, and rolled to the door with a clatter.
Just when Luo Zheng thought he had succeeded, he felt a force lift him and the box up. Luo Zheng, who was suspended in the air, was moved back to the corner by that force and quietly put down.
From beginning to end, Yun Luo kept her eyes closed, as if she wasn't the one who moved Luo Zheng back at all.
Looking at her expressionless face, Luo Zheng felt a burst of anger in his stomach. "This woman … must be pretending! Her stomach must be bursting with joy! "
After tossing and turning for so long, Luo Zheng finally gave up escaping. Fortunately, the light here was good. Although it was already night, several huge luminous pearls inlaid around the room illuminated the whole room.
Luo Zheng took out a book and continued to read it with relish.
After maintaining this uncomfortable position for a long time, Luo Zheng's body felt numb. He didn't know how much time had passed, but a wave of tiredness slowly came over him. Unconsciously, Luo Zheng fell asleep.
"Dang, dang, dang, dang, dang!"
Just when Luo Zheng was deep in sleep, suddenly a burst of urgent bell rang.
Enemy attack!
After waking up with a start, Luo Zheng realized what the bell meant.
Almost at the same time, Yun Luo opened her eyes. Stepping on wooden clogs, she walked to the window of the room and looked up.
Luo Zheng secretly rejoiced. Now she should have left, right? She couldn't take him to the battlefield.
As a result, Luo Zheng guessed right. Yun Luo left her residence and still dragged Luo Zheng behind her. Was she going to drag him to the battlefield like this?
"This damn woman must be crazy …" Luo Zheng cursed in his heart.
Although he cursed, Luo Zheng didn't have the right to choose. He was still dragged by her on the ground, stumbling, until they arrived at a huge building.
This building was the most magnificent building in White Emperor City. It should be the Governor's Mansion of the Imperial Army.
From the wide road of the Governor's Mansion, they rolled all the way and finally entered a hall.
In this hall, there was a table with a lot of people sitting around it.
These people were all high-ranking generals of the Imperial Army. Each of them exuded an extraordinary aura. In Luo Zheng's eyes, they were all unfathomable!
"They are all in the Divine Reflection Realm?" Luo Zheng came to this conclusion.
As the most powerful army of the Empire, their strength was indeed unfathomable.
No matter where they were, Divine Reflection Realm experts were very powerful existences. However, in this hall, there were more than ten of them gathered …
Among them, Luo Zheng noticed the general of the Imperial Army, Xu Xiu, who was defeated by Luo Zheng today.
When Xu Xiu noticed Luo Zheng in the small box, he immediately glared at Luo Zheng!
With his Divine Reflection Realm strength, he actually almost died at the hands of a half-step Xiantian brat. He had completely lost face.
Fortunately, when he fought with Luo Zheng, not many people in the Imperial Army had seen it. Only a group of people from the Blue Cloud Sect, Zhu Feihang, and Yun Luo knew.
Xu Xiu had already ordered the enemy soldiers present to keep their mouths shut. If anyone dared to spread the word, they couldn't blame Xu Xiu for being ruthless.
In fact, now that Xu Xiu thought about it, almost dying at the hands of Luo Zheng was a completely low-level mistake. However, Xu Xiu's head was muddled, which caused him to become so stupid. If he could go back to that time, Xu Xiu would definitely not give Luo Zheng such a chance.
However, battles were often like this. Many victories were often built on the opponent's mistakes. Strength might be one of the decisive factors, but sometimes it wasn't the most crucial factor.
Seeing Xu Xiu's angry gaze, Luo Zheng deliberately looked away and continued to size up the experts in White Emperor City.
At the scene, there were four people who posed the greatest threat to Luo Zheng. In addition to Yun Luo, there was Zhu Feihang, another sinister-looking old man, and the last one was the middle-aged man sitting in the center of the table.
The middle-aged man had a full forehead and a sturdy body. He looked amiable, but his every move gave off an oppressive aura. What was even more frightening was that this aura was not deliberately emitted from his body. It was completely diffused out of his body.
This man was sitting in the center. Could he be the Commander-in-Chief of White Emperor City's Imperial Army?
Luo Zheng's guess was correct. This middle-aged man was the Commander-in-Chief of this million-strong Imperial Army, Xing Tiansu.
All kinds of legends about Xing Tiansu were widely spread in the Burning Heaven Empire. Although Luo Zheng had heard of Xing Tiansu's name, he had never seen this person before. Therefore, he didn't know that he was Xing Tiansu.
Yun Luo dragged Luo Zheng in all the way, so it was impossible not to attract attention. These experts all looked at Luo Zheng with strange expressions.
Zhu Feihang was clear about the situation. When he looked at Luo Zheng, there was a smile on his face. Luo Zheng had been wronged by the witch. If it was him who was half-squatted and locked up for such a long time, he probably wouldn't feel good either.
"Yun Luo, what's the matter with the person behind you?" Xing Tiansu asked curiously. He noticed that the person was wearing a white robe and seemed to be an outer disciple of the Blue Cloud Sect.
Although Yun Luo would often do some incomprehensible things, today was such an important military meeting. How could Yun Luo bring a little half-step Xiantian cultivator into the meeting? No matter what, it was inexcusable.
"He's a criminal who committed a serious crime. I'll wait until the Military Law Office reopens before I hand him over to the Military Law Office to deal with him," Yun Luo said expressionlessly as she walked over and sat down.
"Criminal? What crime did he commit? " Hearing Yun Luo's words, Xing Tiansu became interested in Luo Zheng and asked.
Hearing Xing Tiansu's question, Xu Xiu immediately became anxious.
As a Divine Reflection Realm expert, he was almost killed by a half-step Xiantian kid. If this matter spread out, it would undoubtedly be a great humiliation. He desperately winked at Yun Luo.
However, Yun Luo was the kind of person who wouldn't lie. She couldn't understand Xu Xiu's meaning at all. Instead, she asked Xu Xiu, "Xu Xiu, why are you winking at me?"
The experts were also puzzled. Did this matter have something to do with Xu Xiu?
Zhu Feihang understood Xu Xiu's meaning, but he couldn't say anything. He also knew that he couldn't change anything. Whatever Yun Luo wanted to say or do, even Xing Tiansu couldn't stop her … However, seeing Xu Xiu's embarrassed look, Zhu Feihang could only laugh inwardly. He tried his best to hold back his laughter, but his stomach hurt from laughing.
"No, nothing …" Xu Xiu waved his hand. He also scolded himself for being stupid. With Yun Luo's character, how could she understand his meaning?!
Yun Luo looked at Xu Xiu strangely and nodded. She then said to Xing Tiansu, "This kid killed Zhuge Qingyun today and almost killed Xu Xiu."
"What?"

Chapter 118
If someone else had said this, everyone would have taken it as a joke.
Xu Xiu had been in the Divine Reflection Realm for some time now. Although he wasn't the strongest among the Divine Reflection Realm experts, he was still a match for a Half-step Xiantian Realm expert. It was like the difference between a ferocious tiger and an ant.
When did the Divine Reflection Realm become so weak that he could be suppressed by a Half-step Connate?
Everyone could not understand Yun Luo's words.
However, everyone knew Yun Luo's character very well. She did not know how to fake or lie. She said that the Half-step Connate brat almost killed Xu Xiu, so it must have happened.
"Yun Luo, is what you said true?" Xing Tiansu also found it hard to believe.
"Yes, if I did not intervene, Xu Xiu would have died," Yun Luo said lightly.
Everyone was silent. When they looked at Luo Zheng again, there was a strange light in their eyes. How monstrous was this person to be able to suppress an Immortal Reflection State expert with the strength of a half-step to the Innate Realm?
At this moment, Xu Xiu's face was as red as a ripe persimmon. It made people wonder if his face would bleed if they pressed it lightly.
"Even if Yun Luo did not intervene, I would not die. At most, I would be seriously injured!" Xu Xiu stood up suddenly and defended himself.
However, after Xu Xiu finished speaking, he realized that he had said something wrong. If not for the presence of so many important people, he would have cried! At this moment, he even had thoughts of dying.
Although everyone thought that Yun Luo was telling the truth, they still had doubts in their hearts. After all, this kind of thing was too ridiculous.
However, Xu Xiu's words were equivalent to admitting Yun Luo's words.
What was the difference between being seriously injured by a Half-step Connate junior and dying?
"Cough, cough …" Zhu Feihang, who had been silent all this time, finally felt that he should speak up to resolve the situation. "Actually, I was there during the whole thing. That Half-step Connate brat is called Luo Zheng. He has a good relationship with my niece. Today, he did have a conflict with Xu Xiu because of some things. However, the reason why Xu Xiu was defeated was not because he was not a match for Luo Zheng.
Everyone could not accept Zhu Feihang's explanation.
What? A Divine Reflection Realm expert had to be careful when facing a Half-step Connate brat? This was too ironic.
"No matter what, the Demon Clan is attacking the city now. You can't keep him by your side. He can't attend our military meeting. Yun Luo, Yun Luo, let him go................. if this disciple of the Blue Cloud Sect, Luo Zheng, and the Military Office.................................... Xing Tiansu was..........................
"No, if I don't lock him up, he will definitely escape!" Yun Luo shook her head.
This time, even Xing Tiansu was at his wit's end. He knew that if he wanted to convince Luo Zheng, he had to defeat Yun Luo. However, when he thought of Yun Luo's abnormal combat strength, no matter how confident Xing Tiansu was in his own strength, it would not be easy to defeat her.
Moreover, the Emperor's Army was busy dealing with the Demon Clan's attack. Why would he waste his energy to challenge Yun Luo?
However, Luo Zheng would definitely not be able to attend their military meeting. Therefore, Xing Tiansu thought for a moment and said with a smile, "Yunluo, I will now announce that the Military Law Office will be reopened. I will immediately summon the deacons of the Military Law Office. You can release Luo Zheng first and imprison him in the Military Law Office. Is that okay?"
Yun Luo blinked her gray eyes and nodded expressionlessly. "That's fine."
"That's good." Xing Tiansu hurriedly ordered the person beside him to bring the Deacon of the Military Law Office over.
Then Yun Luo gently waved her hand, and the six indestructible transparent Bounded Domains surrounding Luo Zheng disappeared without a trace in an instant.
Luo Zheng felt a lot more relaxed after the bindings were removed. It seemed that there were still reasonable people in the Emperor's Army. This Emperor's Army Governor was not bad!
He stretched his whole body before standing up. After moving for a while, his stiff body returned to its original state.
"Luo Zheng, you go with the Deacon of the Military Law Office …" Zhu Feihang secretly winked at Luo Zheng while instructing him.
After entering the Military Law Office, this matter would be easy to handle. Although Luo Zheng did kill Zhuge Qingyun, and Zhuge Qingyun was a counselor in the Emperor's Army.
However, if Zhu Feihang wanted to protect Luo Zheng through the Military Law Office, it would be very easy for him.
Luo Zheng nodded. Soon, several Deacons of the Military Law Office came in. After hearing Xing Tiansu's instructions, two of the Deacons led Luo Zheng out.
After Luo Zheng left, Xing Tiansu began to arrange the operation of the Emperor's Army.
"The Demon Race has been planning this attack for more than a day or two. Since the Demon Race dares to attack at this time, we must not underestimate them. Instead, we must be extremely careful." The Demon Race never fought a battle that they were not confident in.
For example, the Demon Race had never launched a frontal attack on the Dual Universe Pagodas.
However, the Demon Race came prepared last time. They caught the Emperor's Army unprepared and seized the Dual Universe Pagodas in one fell swoop.
Who knew if the Demon Race had prepared any powerful backup plan for this attack on the White Emperor City?
As a precaution, everyone in the White Emperor City could not lower their guard.
"The four Demon Kings attacking the White Emperor City this time are very strong, especially the Black Iron Demon King and the Heavenly Might Demon King. The strength of these two Demon Kings is unfathomable. After the battle, I suggest Yuan Chengdong, Black Card … you guys stall the Black Iron Demon King …"
As Xing Tiansu spoke, he gently pressed one hand on the table in front of him. A picture appeared in the middle of the table. This table was actually a huge letter tablet. On the letter tablet were the names, strengths, and weaknesses of the four Demon Kings.
Just as they were discussing, Xing Tiansu's expression suddenly changed. He revealed a wry smile. "It seems that this meeting can't continue. I feel a few huge Demon Auras heading straight for the White Emperor City!"
Needless to say, the Demon Auras emitted were naturally the four Demon Kings that Xing Tiansu spoke of!
"In that case, let's beat them down first!" the gloomy old man, who had been silent on the side, suddenly said.
Xing Tiansu nodded. "Everyone, get ready. We're going to fight!"
At Xing Tiansu's order, everyone stood up, turned into streams of light, and leaped out from the roof of the Governor's Mansion.
Yun Luo stood in place. Her head tilted as if she had remembered something. Then she also flew out. However, she didn't fly out from the opening of the roof. Instead, she rushed out along the ground through the gate of the Governor's Mansion.
Luo Zheng and those deacons didn't go too far.
"We'll have to trouble you during these few days when the Demon Clan attacks the city. I can see that the Governor doesn't mean to make things difficult for you," a deacon of the Military Law Office said to Luo Zheng.
Hearing the deacon's words, Luo Zheng nodded. No matter where he went, it was better than staying by Yun Luo's side. If he really curled up and stayed by her side for several days and nights, he would die!
However, at this moment, Luo Zheng suddenly heard a gust of wind behind him. A bad premonition arose in his heart. He suddenly turned around and saw Yun Luo rushing towards him. Before Luo Zheng and those deacons could react, Yun Luo stretched out her small fist and punched Luo Zheng in the abdomen.
Although Yun Luo looked light and her entire body probably weighed no more than a hundred pounds, the power that erupted from her fist was shockingly great.
Even with the body of a spiritual weapon, Luo Zheng was in so much pain that he bent over like a shrimp under the bombardment of her fist.
"Clang, clang, clang..."
Several more transparent boundaries covered Luo Zheng again.
The deacons who escorted Luo Zheng said with an ugly expression, "Master Yun Luo, it was the Governor's personal order to detain Luo Zheng. What are you..."
Yun Luo said indifferently, "I'm worried. It's better to take this guy with me."
"But Master Yun Luo, the Demon Clan is attacking the city. If you personally take him with you, how will you deal with those Demon Kings?" the deacon said again.
"That's my business." Yun Luo waved her hand and soared into the sky like a nimble elf. Luo Zheng also left the ground in an instant and rushed towards the sky.
"Ah ah ah ah..."
With a burst of dizziness, Luo Zheng saw the whole White Emperor City shrinking in his line of sight. He was already thousands of feet above the ground.
Luo Zheng turned his head and wanted to scold this woman. However, thinking of her carefree character, even if he scolded her, it would be in vain. He could only give up. He was now a fish on the chopping board. She could do whatever she wanted to him.
However, when Luo Zheng floated high in the sky, he saw a raging fire on the edge of White Emperor City. Countless black dots were surging up the city wall layer by layer.
Those black dots were the Demon Soldiers and Demon Generals of the Demon Clan.
Among those black dots, huge flames were constantly exploding. Those flames were the Fire God Crossbows and Fire God Cannons of the Di Army. At this moment, the Di Army also launched a crazy counterattack.
"I don't know if Xiao Yufeng's disciples have evacuated." Luo Zheng was a little worried. Although White Emperor City had stood for countless years and had never been completely breached, war was unpredictable. Even if White Emperor City was not breached, Xiao Yufeng's disciples did not have the advantage in strength. In a chaotic battle, it would be difficult to guarantee their own safety.
While Luo Zheng was thinking, he heard the sound of bowstrings being taut, followed by a burst of "Xiu xiu xiu …" sounds of arrows piercing through the air entered his ears.
On the side of Luo Zheng, a flock of demon birds were shooting toward him with bows and arrows.
Seeing the arrows shooting toward him, Luo Zheng was not worried at all. He did not know what the transparent boundary that imprisoned him was made of. Even with his huge strength, he could not break it at all. Those arrows should not be able to cause any harm to him.
"Dang dang dang …"
Just as Luo Zheng had expected, when the arrow hit the transparent barrier, it couldn't even leave a trace, and it slid down.
Yun Luo, who was above Luo Zheng, at this moment, her snow-white dress was fluttering. A pair of long straight legs were faintly discernible in the long dress. The pair of wooden clogs were tottering, as if they were going to fall from her feet. However, they could not fall down no matter what.
When those black arrows were shot in front of her, they hit an invisible transparent wall and fell down one after another.
A faint light flashed in her white eyes.
From around her body, transparent boundary fragments burst out. Those boundary fragments were irregular in shape. Some were triangular, and some were circular. Under the push of an invisible force, they scattered like crystal clear raindrops toward the flock of demon birds.
"Puff puff puff puff …"
The bodies of those demon birds were immediately penetrated by these transparent raindrops. Whether it was their wings or their bodies, they were all scattered by the raindrops.
"Quack quack …"
The demon birds that were still able to scream were relatively lucky. More demon birds were directly shot into sieves and fell down.
Luo Zheng looked at those falling demon birds and shook his head. You could have provoked anyone, but you just had to provoke Yun Luo …
＝＝＝＝＝

Chapter 119
A bright moon hung in the sky like a silver plate. There were no clouds tonight, so the view was excellent.
Luo Zheng looked around and saw more than ten people floating in the sky not far away. They were the Illumination God Realm experts that Luo Zheng had seen at the Governor's Mansion.
Opposite those Illumination God Realm experts, there were four huge creatures floating in the sky.
The four huge creatures all exuded a terrifying demonic aura. It was different from the demonic aura of the demon soldiers and generals. The dark demonic aura was almost visible to the naked eye!
"What a powerful demonic aura!" Luo Zheng was secretly frightened. "These four huge creatures must be the Demon Kings!"
The Demon Kings were the top existences of the Demon Clan!
In the past, the birth of every Demon King would cause countless bloodshed.
Especially before the establishment of the Blazing Sky Dynasty, the Demon Kings were simply nightmarish existences for human experts.
According to ancient records, there was once a Demon King who slaughtered his way through the Eastern Region and destroyed hundreds of cities. He led his subordinates to massacre the cities and caused the northwest of the Eastern Region to be wiped out for thousands of miles!
It was only with the establishment of the Blazing Sky Dynasty and the presence of the Blue Cloud Sect that the situation finally stabilized.
For thousands of years, with the appearance of all kinds of secret manuals, cultivation methods, treasures, and geniuses, the Demon Kings' reputation was gradually suppressed. The humans of the Eastern Region successfully counterattacked and killed many Demon Kings.
Even so, the Demon Kings' strength was not to be underestimated. Moreover, four Demon Kings were attacking together this time, including the Black Iron Demon King and the Heaven's Might Demon King, who had been famous for a long time!
"Humans, the Demon Clan will eventually invade this world. If you know what's good for you and surrender obediently, I can spare your lives," one of the Demon Kings said.
Unlike the Demon Generals, who spoke in human language, this Demon King spoke like a normal person. If one did not see their appearance, one would think that they were humans just by listening to their voices.
"Black Iron Beast King, the White Emperor City will defend this place to the death. We will not retreat even half a step. If you know what's good for you, please leave quickly!" The one who spoke was Xing Tiansu. At this moment, Xing Tiansu was holding a sledgehammer in his hand. There was a ball of orange Quintessential Essence burning on the sledgehammer.
That True Essence didn't seem to be very powerful, but the power hidden within it made people secretly shocked.
"Kaka, Ebon, what's the use of talking nonsense with these humans? If you want them to submit, you have to make them pay the price in blood. "Standing beside Black Iron Demon King was Sky Might Demon King. As Sky Might Demon King spoke, he flapped his huge wings.
Hearing Heavenly Might Demon King's words, the expressions of many Illuminating Spirit Realm experts changed. It seemed that today's battle was unavoidable.
On the city wall, the battle between the Emperor's Army and the demon soldiers and generals was actually a piece of cake.
The battle in the sky was the one that could really change the outcome of the battle.
Facing the attack of four Demon Kings at the same time was unprecedented in human history. Although the Illuminating Spirit Realm experts were not weak, they were slightly inferior to the Demon Kings in terms of aura.
"Mm! You're right. These weak humans have very strong willpower. It's usually very difficult to convince them. We can only use bloody facts to educate them! "The moment the Black Iron Fey Monarch finished speaking, his body suddenly accelerated!
Everyone saw the Black Iron Beast King's wings flash and disappear into thin air. Then, they saw a black shadow coming down from above. In an instant, the Black Iron Beast King had closed in on one of the Illuminating Spirit Realm experts of the human race.
Those who could enter the Illuminating Spirit Realm were all geniuses among geniuses.
Although the Illuminating Spirit Realm expert had been prepared, he had not expected the Black Iron Beast King to be so fast. By the time he reacted, it was already too late to dodge.
"Puff puff puff!"
Three bluish-gray bone spurs pierced through the Illuminating Spirit Realm expert's body. The Illuminating Spirit Realm expert's body rapidly shriveled. The Black Iron Beast King was actually sucking the Illuminating Spirit Realm expert's flesh and blood through the bone spurs!
Soon, the Illuminating Spirit Realm expert's flesh and blood were sucked dry by the bone spurs. Only his skin was left, and it gently floated to the ground …
Everyone's expression changed when they saw this.
There were two types of Demon Kings.
One was the ordinary Demon Kings. The other was the Black Iron Beast King and the famous Demon Kings like the Heavenly Might Demon King. These Demon Kings were far stronger than ordinary Demon Kings, and their strength would constantly improve.
The Emperor's Army had fought many times with the Demon Race and defeated them many times. However, they had never been able to kill a Black Iron Beast King.
Who would have thought that the Black Iron Beast King would evolve to this level in such a short time? Even Xing Tiansu could not see its speed clearly!
The Black Iron Beast King smacked its lips. "The taste of humans is as delicious as ever. How about it? I can still give you one more chance. It's not too late to surrender now. Otherwise, I'll eat you one by one! "
"In your dreams!" Xing Tiansu said coldly. As the Governor of the enemy army, he could not lose his momentum at any time. "Everyone, be careful. The Black Iron Beast King's speed has greatly improved. Don't let it get close to you!"
Just as Xing Tiansu reminded everyone, the Black Iron Beast King took advantage of the situation and moved again. Its huge wings flapped, and it flew at an extremely fast speed. No one could see it with the naked eye.
"Swoosh!"
Suddenly, the Black Iron Beast King appeared beside Yun Luo and reached out to grab her. "I'll eat this white and tender human baby too!"
Yun Luo's face was expressionless. Her reaction was much faster than the Illuminating Spirit Realm expert who had been devoured by the Black Iron Beast King. Her fingers trembled slightly, and an invisible barrier appeared in front of her, blocking her.
However, the Black Iron Beast King was extremely powerful.
Even if Luo Zheng used all his strength, he could not break the transparent barrier at all. However, when the Black Iron Beast King clawed at it, a crisp cracking sound was heard.
The barrier was broken by the Black Iron Beast King's claws. The claws reached out from the hole in the middle and grabbed at Yun Luo.
Yun Luo floated in the air, motionless. Even when she saw the Black Iron Demon King's claws coming at her, she did not move at all. Her white eyes blinked slightly, and a light flashed on the broken transparent barrier.
"Crack!"
The barrier was repaired in an instant. The Black Iron Beast King's claws passed through the middle of the barrier. When the barrier was repaired, it also cut off the Beast King's claws.
After his claws were cut off, the Black Iron Beast King felt the pain and immediately let out an earth-shattering roar.
However, as soon as he roared, a part of the barrier that had cut off his claws suddenly extended and flew towards the Black Iron Beast King. It stuck to the Black Iron Beast King's broken arm. At the same time, it shone brightly and turned into a square body, covering the Black Iron Beast King's entire arm.
"Kacha, kacha, kacha …"
Several more pieces of the barrier quickly appeared in the square body and cut the Black Iron Beast King's arm into several pieces …
When everyone saw this scene, they frowned. Even if those pieces of barrier were to cut off his arm, how painful would that be?
Luo Zheng was also shocked. It seemed that the title of Slaughter Maiden was not for nothing. This woman was even more terrifying than the Beast Clan.
After the pain, the Black Iron Beast King finally learned his lesson. He quickly retreated and got out of Yun Luo's attack range. His ugly face was twisted as he glared at Yun Luo fiercely. "Human woman, I will eat you, even your bones!"
Yun Luo stared at the Black Iron Beast King with her big white eyes and said expressionlessly, "It's rare to see such a talkative Beast Clan member!"
The Black Iron Demon King's demonic aura suddenly surged. Pure black demonic aura appeared where his severed arm was. The demonic aura kept spinning and entangling with each other. Finally, it turned into an intact arm.
"I will eat you! Everyone, attack together and tear these humans to pieces! " At the Black Iron Beast King's command, the Heaven's Might Beast King and two other ordinary Beast Kings beside him spread their wings and rushed towards the crowd.
Xing Tiansu waved his Black Gold Sledgehammer and the vital essence on it burned fiercely. "Everyone, face the enemy!"
"Swish, swish, swish …"
The vital essence of the Divine Illumination Realm powerhouses suddenly surged. It was red, green, white, purple, and various other colors.
Such a terrifying power blocked out the light of the sun, moon, and stars.
In the sky, rays of light surged wildly. In addition to these rays of light, there was also the manifestation of vital essence!
For example, Zhu Feihang's silver dagger and Xu Xiu's five-clawed golden dragon were circling around and attacking the four Beast Kings frantically.
Among them, Xing Tiansu's power was the most terrifying. His vital essence transformed into a giant spirit that was dozens of feet tall. The giant spirit completely enveloped Xing Tiansu.
The giant spirit held two sledgehammers and slammed them together, creating a deafening sound. Then, he waved one of the sledgehammers and smashed it towards the Beast Kings!
The four Beast Kings were all powerful. They constantly flapped their wings and shuttled back and forth between the crowd. They dodged and looked for opportunities to attack.
The Black Iron Beast King was completely infuriated by Yun Luo. He threw the other Divine Illumination Realm powerhouses aside and went straight for Yun Luo.
Yun Luo was expressionless. She retreated quickly in a reclining position. Her jade-like hands kept moving, summoning transparent boundaries one after another.
These transparent boundaries were indestructible in front of Luo Zheng. However, under the attack of the Beast King, they could not withstand a single blow. One by one, they were shattered by the Black Iron Beast King's powerful body.
Luo Zheng had been hovering beside Yun Luo. Watching the battle between the Black Iron Beast King and Yun Luo, his expression was extremely gloomy.
He was really unlucky to have been dragged into a battle of this level for no reason.
The Beast King's power was terrifying. Although his body was strong, he reckoned that if he was hit by the Beast King, his body would be smashed to pieces.
However, he did not have the slightest chance to escape. He could only watch as they fought. His life was not in his hands. He could only pray that he would not be hit by the Black Iron Beast King …
"Ah!"
At that moment, there was a sudden scream. Another Divine Illumination Realm powerhouse had died under the claws of the Heaven's Might Beast King.
It seemed that the humans were at a disadvantage in this battle …
The Heaven's Might Beast King joined forces with the other two Beast Kings and suppressed the others.
On the other side, Yun Luo was leading the Black Iron Beast King in all directions. The Black Iron Beast King was probably the most ferocious and strongest among them.
However, no matter how sharp its attacks were, it could not touch Yun Luo at all.
While chasing, Luo Zheng heard another explosion. He looked over and saw Xing Tiansu's Quintessential Essence Avatar swinging a huge sledgehammer and smashing a Beast King!
That sledgehammer attack was probably able to smash a small mountain. However, the Beast King was only injured. This Beast King's body was actually this strong!
"Sigh, there's nothing I can do in a battle of this level except cheer." Luo Zheng, who was curled up in the boundary, sighed.
The Black Iron Beast King probably felt the pressure from his companions and attacked Yun Luo even more ferociously.
Yun Luo's expression did not change, but she could clearly feel the pressure on her suddenly increase!
"Kuang Kuang, dang dang!"
After smashing through several boundaries, a green-gray bone spur suddenly extended from his body.
That bone spur was not aimed at Yun Luo, but at Luo Zheng, who was behind her!

Chapter 120
Luo Zheng was trapped in the transparent Bounded Domain. In this narrow space, it was difficult for him to even move his head, let alone dodge.
Moreover, how terrifying was the Demon King's attack?
Luo Zheng couldn't move now. Even if he could, he wouldn't be able to dodge the Black Iron Demon King's Bone Spur even if he could see it.
"This transparent Bounded Domain is indestructible to me, but it's extremely fragile in the hands of the Black Iron Demon King. I'm afraid I won't be able to escape this time!" Luo Zheng thought bitterly as he stared at the Bone Spur that was getting closer and closer.
Just as the Bone Spur was about to pierce Luo Zheng, Luo Zheng suddenly felt a force gently lift him and move him slightly to the side.
The Bone Spur almost brushed past Luo Zheng's head as it flew past!
"That was close!"
Luo Zheng breathed a sigh of relief. He thought that Yun Luo didn't take his life seriously. He didn't expect that she would help him at the critical moment.
If that was the case, why did she bring him here?
Luo Zheng found it difficult to understand Yun Luo's thinking.
In fact, Yun Luo's thinking was very simple, to the point that it was somewhat simple.
In Yun Luo's view, Luo Zheng was undoubtedly guilty. Since he was guilty, he must be handed over to the Military Law Office to be judged and punished. However, she was worried that the Military Law Office would let Luo Zheng go, so she kept Luo Zheng by her side.
This kind of thinking, which was so simple that it made one's hair stand on end, was undoubtedly a very strange behavior in the eyes of ordinary people.
Now that she was fighting with the Demon King, Luo Zheng had completely become a burden.
Even so, Yun Luo didn't want to give up on Luo Zheng. She still stubbornly believed that Luo Zheng's life must be judged by the Military Law Office and he couldn't die at the hands of the Black Iron Demon King.
Now, not only did she have to face the Black Iron Demon King's attack head-on, but she also had to protect Luo Zheng from being hurt by the Black Iron Demon King!
Even Yun Luo felt pressured when facing the Black Iron Monster King one-on-one. If she had to protect Luo Zheng, the pressure on her would increase exponentially.
Being able to become the Demon King of the Demon Clan, her intelligence was definitely not inferior to that of humans. From its attack just now, it could already tell that Yun Luo would divide her attention to protect Luo Zheng.
Therefore, it continued to launch deadly attacks at Yun Luo and occasionally targeted Luo Zheng.
Although Yun Luo's mentality was like a pool of stagnant water at any time, she maintained absolute calmness and indifference.
Even if it was a matter of life and death, it would not cause any ripples in her heart. However, she was now multitasking. While avoiding the Black Iron Demon King, she also had to ensure that Luo Zheng would not be hit by the Black Iron Demon King's bone spurs.
For a moment, she and Luo Zheng were surrounded by danger.
The Black Iron Demon King took advantage of the situation to pursue and attack. It flapped its wings, creating gusts of wind. It was like a ghost, but at the same time, it possessed an incomparably tyrannical strength. The more it fought, the fiercer it became. It almost made Yun Luo breathless.
Inside Yun Luo's boundary, Luo Zheng also felt that he could not breathe.
Yun Luo accurately dragged him to avoid the Demon King's attacks. Up and down, left and right, she constantly dodged. Meanwhile, he only needed to lie there and sleep.
However, the bone spurs swept past him one after another. As long as one of them hit him, his life would be over. In this environment, no matter who it was, they would be on tenterhooks.
"Hey, just throw me down. Don't worry, I definitely won't die," Luo Zheng reminded her. This Yun Luo was really stubborn. As long as she could get rid of him, she would be able to relax a lot, but she just refused to let him go …
With Luo Zheng's current physical strength, even if he fell from such a height, he would not suffer much damage.
"No, if I throw you down and you run away, what will I do?" Yun Luo said seriously as she struggled to avoid the Black Iron Demon King's attacks.
Luo Zheng did not know whether to laugh or cry. "Look at the situation now. You can't even protect your own life, but you're actually afraid that I'll run away?"
Yun Luo blinked, and a white light flashed in her eyes. "That's true. Even if you really run away, I can still catch you. Since that's the case, I'll throw you down. Get ready!"
However, just as Yun Luo was about to throw Luo Zheng, the Black Iron Demon King suddenly launched an attack.
The Black Iron Daemon King stretched out his body, and a black bead appeared in the middle of his huge body. That bead was the Daemon King's Daemon Core!
As soon as the Demon Core appeared, an endless amount of Demon Qi escaped from it. The Demon Qi did not dissipate randomly. There seemed to be some invisible force in the air that distorted the shape of the Demon Qi. It was like a stream of water being poured into a container, turning into a very strange rune.
These runes were completely different from human runes. Each rune seemed to symbolize something. Soon, the Demon Qi formed hundreds of runes that slowly revolved around the Demon Pill.
"Yun Luo, be careful. That's the Black Iron Demon King's Heavenly Demon Sacred Fire!"
Xing Tiansu, who was not far away, warned loudly.
Xing Tiansu had once fought with the Black Iron Demon King and suffered a great loss under the Heavenly Demon Possession. Therefore, he warned Yun Luo.
The Heavenly Demon Sacred Fire was the Black Iron Demon King's consummate skill. Within the range of the Heavenly Demon Sacred Fire, the Black Iron Demon King's speed and strength would be greatly increased.
However, Xing Tiansu's warning seemed to be a little late.
The Demon Pill in the Black Iron Demon King's hand suddenly released a pitch-black mist, which immediately enveloped the space within a hundred feet around him.
"Whoosh whoosh …"
Yun Luo was only a hundred feet away from the Black Iron Demon King. The pitch-black mist instantly enveloped Yun Luo.
Luo Zheng was originally free-falling. However, before he could fall more than ten feet, he was enveloped by the pitch-black mist.
"What, what is this?"
After being enveloped by the pitch-black mist, Luo Zheng felt that the mist was very dense, as if he had fallen into a deep swamp. When he opened his eyes, he saw that his surroundings were pitch-black and he could not see anything.
The pitch-black mist seemed to be able to devour all light.
At the same time, Luo Zheng felt a sour and burning sensation on his skin.
"This mist is corroding my body!"
Luo Zheng's Spiritual Weapon Body was not afraid of ordinary corrosion. Even the corrosion of the Three-Corpse Poison, which was known as the strongest in the Eastern Region, was not something that Luo Zheng feared.
However, the pitch-black mist was completely different. It was like billions of ants that were difficult to see clearly with the naked eye. They bit and bit Luo Zheng's body. Even though Luo Zheng's body was like a Spiritual Weapon, the pitch-black mist was still able to gnaw away at Luo Zheng bit by bit.
What should he do?
Luo Zheng's mind was spinning rapidly. If he did not think of a way to deal with the pitch-black mist, he was afraid that he would be completely devoured by it.
However, after thinking about it for a while, Luo Zheng could not think of a way to deal with it.
How powerful were the Demon Kings? Even Divine Reflection Realm experts like Xing Tiansu were no match for the Demon Kings. They still needed to team up to fight against the Demon Kings. Furthermore, the Black Iron Demon King was an expert among the Demon Kings. How could Luo Zheng deal with the black mist released by it?
"Since my body cannot resist the black mist, I have to think of a way to leave it!"
However, the black mist was very dense. Every time Luo Zheng moved a little, he had to expend a lot of energy. But at this moment, Luo Zheng had no other choice. He could only crawl towards the edge of the black fog bit by bit like an earthworm burrowing into the ground!
Just as Luo Zheng was enduring the pain of corrosion, he heard the sound of an intense battle coming from above.
Bang, bang, boom!
It should be Yun Luo dealing with the Black Iron Demon King's attack.
Luo Zheng could not see the battle above, but Luo Zheng knew very well that Yun Luo was in a bad situation.
Before the Black Iron Demon King released the black mist, Yun Luo was already at a disadvantage. Now, both he and Yun Luo were surrounded by the black mist and their movements were greatly hindered.
With Yun Luo's strength, the effect of the black mist on her was negligible. However, in a battle between experts, the slightest difference often determined victory or defeat. Furthermore, since the Black Iron Daemon King had released the black mist, it must have greatly increased its strength.
"Boom!"
Another loud sound was heard. Then Luo Zheng heard Yun Luo's muffled groan. It seemed that she had suffered a great loss.
I don't care. I just need to run for my life.
Although Yun Luo was petite and cute, Luo Zheng was furious at the thought of how she had tortured him. Whether she lived or died had nothing to do with him.
He just needed to crawl out of the black mist. Anyway, Yun Luo had restrained the Black Iron Demon King and should not be able to take care of him for the time being.
Luo Zheng moved downwards with difficulty and finally reached the edge of the black mist. After crawling out of the black mist, Luo Zheng could vaguely see the lights of White Emperor City below.
However, just as Luo Zheng was about to pull his body out of the black mist and rush towards White Emperor City, he bumped into a light curtain.
"At the edge of this black fog … there's actually another invisible barrier?" Luo Zheng was completely dumbfounded. He did not expect that after spending so much effort to crawl out, he would still be trapped inside.
"No, no matter what, I have to break this boundary and escape. I can't afford to get involved in a battle between experts!" Luo Zheng clenched his teeth and hammered at the light curtain.
Buzz, buzz, buzz …
Luo Zheng used all his strength and the power of more than 100 dragon scales in his body to smash down desperately. Immediately, ripples appeared on the light curtain.
There's hope! Luo Zheng was overjoyed. At the very least, this light barrier wasn't as abnormal as Yun Luo's barrier. When Luo Zheng's power hit Yun Luo's barrier, it didn't react at all. However, this light barrier reacted when he hit it. As long as he hit it a few more times, it would surely shatter.
Bang! Bang! Bang!
Luo Zheng smashed three more times in a row. Under these three fierce punches, ripples appeared on the light curtain again, like ripples on the surface of a lake.
The ripples flickered more fiercely, but the light curtain was not broken. It was much stronger than Luo Zheng had imagined. At least, Luo Zheng could not break this light curtain.
"My strength is still too weak. I'm afraid I can't break this light curtain with just my strength. I can only try to break this light curtain with my Heavenly Demon Genuine Qi."
Luo Zheng stretched out his hand and a wisp of Heavenly Demon Genuine Qi appeared in his hand. He controlled this wisp of Heavenly Demon Genuine Qi to devour the light curtain. However, Luo Zheng soon discovered that the Heavenly Demon Genuine Qi did not devour the light curtain. Instead, it directly passed through the light curtain.
Seeing this strange scene, Luo Zheng was puzzled. Why did the Heavenly Demon Genuine Qi, which had always been successful, not have the slightest effect at this time?

Chapter 121
What about the broken flying dagger?
Luo Zheng took out a flying dagger from his Sumeru Ring and slashed at the light screen.
What made Luo Zheng stunned was that the broken flying dagger was the same as the Xiantian True Qi. The blade of the flying dagger didn't cause any damage to the light screen and easily passed through it.
It seemed that other than himself, other objects and even True Qi could pass through the light screen unimpeded.
In this way, Luo Zheng's trump cards lost their effect. He could only rely on his own strength. However, after trying a few times, his strength was far from enough to destroy the light screen.
Just as he was feeling depressed, Luo Zheng suddenly heard Yun Luo's voice coming from the layers of black fog above him.
"Phaseless Enchantment! Break! "
Just as Yun Luo's voice fell, the Black Iron Monster King roared. At the same time, the black fog surged and released an even more violent energy.
Although Luo Zheng was at the edge of the light screen and had put some distance between him and the black fog, the black fog fluctuated violently. Wave after wave of black fog surrounded Luo Zheng.
Luo Zheng stepped on the light screen and tried his best to avoid the black fog. However, the black fog's movement was irregular. If he wasn't careful, Luo Zheng would be surrounded by a mass of black fog.
"Zi zi zi …"
The corrosive power of the black fog suddenly increased by ten times!
Just by coming in contact with the black fog, Luo Zheng's body was corroded and full of holes. The corrosive wounds were bleeding profusely. It was a ghastly sight.
Luo Zheng struggled to get out of the black fog. However, he saw another large wave of black fog in front of him. The black fog had already spread to every corner of the light screen. He was in a desperate situation and couldn't escape …
In the black fog, Yun Luo was completely at a disadvantage.
The black fog was the Heavenly Monster Sacred Fire. It was a secret technique of the monster race that only the powerful and special monster race could use.
In fact, the power of the Heavenly Monster Sacred Fire was nothing to Yun Luo. It couldn't cause any substantial damage to her. However, the problem was that the Black Iron Monster King was like a fish in water inside the Heavenly Monster Sacred Fire. Not only was his speed and strength greatly increased, but it was also extremely difficult for Yun Luo to dodge his sudden attack while hiding inside the Heavenly Monster Sacred Fire.
Swish!
The sound of a bone spike piercing through the air could be heard.
Yun Luo dodged lightly, avoiding the bone spike behind her. However, the moment she dodged, a pair of demon claws came down on her head.
"Phaseless Barrier! Slash! "
Yun Luo quickly condensed a transparent barrier in her hand and slashed at the pair of demonic claws.
"Clang!"
The Black Iron Demon King crushed the enchantment that had always been incomparably sharp. However, the pair of huge demon claws did not show any signs of stopping and continued to grab at Yun Luo.
Yun Luo blinked her eyes, and a sharp glint flashed through her white pupils. At the same time, she frowned slightly.
If someone outside saw this scene, they would definitely find it quite strange.
Ever since Yun Luo entered White Emperor City, she had never shown any expression on her face. Someone once said behind Yun Luo's back that even if the entire White Emperor City was captured and the entire Eastern Territory was occupied by the Demon Race, her beautiful face would not show any expression.
But today, she was frowning …
She furrowed her brows, but it only lasted for a moment before her expression returned to its indifferent state. This time, she didn't choose to dodge.
The Black Iron Demon King was much stronger than Yun Luo, so he was a little impatient as he was being held back by the little girl in front of him. At this moment, the Black Iron Demon King had completely gained the upper hand in the battle. He was ready to crush this little human girl!
When the Black Iron Demon King saw Yun Luo rushing towards him, he was slightly taken aback. At the same time, he was secretly overjoyed. He only needed to use a little strength to crush this human girl's weak body.
However, when Yun Luo approached the Black Iron Demon King, a blood-red enchantment appeared in her hand.
"Blood Prison Enchantment!"
"Swish …"
The moment Yun Luo threw out the blood-red boundary, it quickly expanded and trapped Yun Luo and the Black Iron Demon Monarch in the blood-red boundary.
When the blood-red enchantment was connected, the vital essence in Yun Luo's body surged out wildly from her dantian like a tornado. Yun Luo's vital essence was very special. It was colorless and invisible, but the power it exuded was no weaker than the Black Iron Demon King's demonic aura.
What Yun Luo wanted to do was to use her vital essence to fight the Black Iron Demon King!
However, a clash of vital essence would cause great damage to one's body. As the saying went, if you hurt the enemy, you hurt yourself.
However, in the Heavenly Demon Sacred Fire, the Black Iron Demon King's advantage was too great. She could only use this extreme method to force the Black Iron Demon King to compete with her vital essence.
She was going to stake everything on this one throw.
The Black Iron Demon King was surrounded by Yun Luo's Blood Prison Enchantment and had nowhere to retreat. Seeing Yun Luo's vital essence surging towards him, the Black Iron Demon King said in a strange voice, "Very good, human woman. How can I, the Black Iron Demon King, lose to you in a battle of vital essence?
After the Black Iron Demon King finished speaking, waves of ferocious demonic aura surged out of his body and rushed towards Yun Luo.
Demonic aura was the vital essence of the demon race.
Yun Luo's vital essence collided with the Black Iron Demon King's demonic aura like water and fire. They constantly offset each other and fused together, emitting a colorful light with amazing power!
Competing with vital essence was a very dangerous move. Once it started, it was impossible to stop. The person who withdrew their vital essence first would definitely be attacked by the other party. Therefore, no matter who it was, they would use up their last bit of vital essence.
The Black Iron Demon King kept releasing his demonic aura. He roared at Yun Luo from time to time, revealing his fangs, hoping to put more pressure on Yun Luo.
Yun Luo was still expressionless. She crossed her hands and her white robe fluttered. The vital essence in her body also surged towards the Black Iron Demon King like a flood.
At this moment, the battle outside the Sky Demon Sacred Fire gradually stopped. The three Demon Kings and the human Illumination Realm experts separated and faced each other.
Whether it was the three Demon Kings or the Illumination Realm experts of the Imperial Army, most of their attention was focused on the black mist.
The Black Iron Demon King and Yun Luo in the black mist were two of the strongest fighters on both sides.
The outcome of their battle would soon affect the situation of the entire White Emperor City.
However, the layers of black mist completely concealed the situation inside. Neither the other three Archfiends nor the Radiant Spirit experts could see what was going on inside.
"Yun Luo, she won't lose, right? After all, she's facing the Black Iron Demon King, "a Illumination Realm expert asked worriedly.
"I'm not worried about Yun Luo. You don't know what Yun Luo's true form is. She's completely different from us. She's born with the ability to grow stronger against stronger opponents." Another Illumination Realm expert was quite confident in Yun Luo.
"But the black mist formed by the Sky Demon Sacred Fire can even disturb souls. We can't see what's happening inside at all..."
"Look, why is the black mist at the bottom getting smaller?"
At the bottom of the Sky Demon Sacred Fire, there seemed to be a whirlpool that kept sucking in the black mist.
A Illumination Realm expert descended and looked up from the bottom. He hurriedly shouted, "It's that kid, it's that kid called Luo Zheng!"
"What?" Not far away, Zhu Feihang was shocked. He stepped on his silver flying sword and circled to the bottom of the Sky Demon Sacred Fire. At a glance, he really did see Luo Zheng lying at the bottom of the Sky Demon Sacred Fire.
At this moment, pieces of gold leaf appeared on Luo Zheng's body. The gold leaf spun into small whirlpools, and the black mist was constantly being sucked in by the whirlpools.
"What, what happened to this kid..." Zhu Feihang muttered, dumbfounded.
＝＝＝＝＝

Chapter 122
Luo Zheng's body was changing!
There were precedents. For example, he had absorbed Xie Lang's True Fire in the cave and the Earth Core Fire in the underground cave in the south.
Because Luo Zheng had absorbed the Earth Core Fire, his body had become a Spiritual Tool, which was equivalent to a low-grade Spiritual Tool.
Luo Zheng did not know that the black fog was actually a kind of flame.
The Heavenly Demonic Sacred Fire was indeed a kind of flame, but this kind of demon flame was very strange. The temperature of the Heavenly Demonic Sacred Fire was very low and looked like streaks of black fog. All the low-level demons regarded the Heavenly Demonic Sacred Fire as a kind of secret cultivation medicine.
Using the Heavenly Demonic Sacred Fire to refine one's body was somewhat similar to Luo Zheng's mysterious Refining Techniques.
The golden vortex on Luo Zheng's body was spinning faster and faster, absorbing the black fog faster and faster. The Heavenly Demonic Sacred Fire was rushing toward Luo Zheng's body like a tide.
After a while, the Heavenly Demonic Sacred Fire that enveloped Yun Luo and the Black Iron Demon King was half swallowed by Luo Zheng.
At this rate, Luo Zheng would be able to completely absorb the Heavenly Fey Sacred Fire in less than an incense stick's worth of time.
The Heavenly Demonic Sacred Fire was obviously unfavorable to the Black Iron Demon King and very favorable to Yun Luo.
Therefore, the expressions of the Illumination God Realm experts present were very interesting.
Originally, they were quite displeased that Yun Luo had dragged Luo Zheng, who was a burden, to the battlefield. However, under the continuous battle, they did not have any cultivation method to remind Yun Luo.
When the Black Iron Demon King released the Heavenly Demonic Sacred Fire, the situation inside was even more difficult for them to know.
They had never expected that this little guy, who had been dragged into the battlefield because of Yun Luo's stubbornness, would actually completely absorb the Heavenly Demonic Sacred Fire!
Compared to the humans, the three Demon Kings did not look too good. One of the Demon Kings was already injured, and his battle prowess was greatly reduced. Only Demon King Heaven's Might could handle the situation. If Black Iron Demon King lost, or even died, the situation would be very disadvantageous for the Demon Race.
The ugly eyes above the heads of the three Archfiend Kings swayed continuously, as if they were communicating with each other using some kind of secret technique. Soon, the three Archfiend Kings moved simultaneously.
They approached the Heavenly Fey Sacred Flame from different directions.
The purpose of the three Daemon Kings was very clear. They wanted to stop Luo Zheng from absorbing the Sky-daemon Sacred Fire. This was because they knew that even though the Black Iron Daemon King had instantly released the Sky-daemon Sacred Fire, he had paid a considerable price. It would affect his strength.
However, as long as the Celestial Fey Sacred Fire existed, the Black Iron Fey Monarch was almost invincible.
If that human kid absorbed it, it would be a huge blow to the Black Iron Beast King.
Therefore, the three Demon Kings outside the Sky-daemon Sacred Fire wanted to stop Luo Zheng from absorbing the Sky-daemon Sacred Fire at all costs.
It was not hard to guess what the three Demon Kings were thinking. When the three Demon Kings flapped their wings, all the Illumination Realm experts understood their purpose.
"Stop them. Do not retreat even a single step, even if you have to pay with your life." Xing Tiansu waved his sledgehammer and gave the order.
In fact, even if he did not say it, all the Illumination Realm experts would have done so.
At this moment, the outcome of the battle between Yun Luo and the Black Iron Daemon King would determine the outcome of the battle. If Yun Luo lost, the entire White Emperor City would be lost. If the White Emperor City was lost, the entire Sky-Scorching Dynasty would be threatened!
"Roar!" Xu Xiu waved his hands, and a five-clawed golden dragon charged towards one of the Demon Kings.
"Whoosh whoosh whoosh whoosh!" Suddenly, countless small silver swords appeared around Zhu Feihang. Those small silver swords spun rapidly in one direction like a snowstorm. They formed a huge storm of swords, blocking the path of the three Daemon Kings.
"Whoosh whoosh whoosh!" Another Illumination Realm expert threw out three talismans. These seemingly ordinary talismans instantly turned into a huge lightning storm, flashing with dizzying lightning and releasing a terrifying aura.
All the Illumination Realm experts began to use their strongest moves.
"No matter what, we can't let them get close to Luo Zheng. Use your strongest moves!" Another Illumination Realm expert roared.
Although the attacks of the Divine Illumination Realm experts were sharp, the three Demon Kings were unafraid of death. They relied on their nimble speed and strong bodies to force their way forward.
The injured Fey Monarch didn't rush over in the end. After being restrained by a Divine Reflection Realm expert, Zhu Feihang suddenly formed a huge sword formation with a total of 1,080 small silver swords.
This sword formation was Zhu Feihang's Great Celestial Slaughter Formation. This sword formation was Zhu Feihang's strongest killing move. When he was young, he had been able to control 108 small silver swords to form the Great Celestial Slaughter Formation.
Later on, Zhu Feihang had multiplied the number of small silver swords by 10 times and created the Great Celestial Slaughter Formation. The number of small silver swords had increased by 10 times, but the power had increased by more than 10 times.
Zhu Feihang had once used this Great Heavenly Star Sword Formation to kill an ordinary Demon King. The Demon King in front of him was not only an ordinary Demon King, but it was also injured. While it was in a daze, 1,080 small silver swords continuously shot into its body.
No matter how strong the Demon King's body was, it could not withstand more than a thousand small swords. Its huge body was riddled with holes, and it finally fell to the ground.
After killing one demon monarch, there were only two demon monarchs left.
One of them was an ordinary Demon King. This ordinary Demon King was easy to deal with. Under the joint attack of several Illumination Realm experts, its momentum was blocked.
However, the most troublesome one was Heaven's Might Demon King!
Heaven's Might Demon King was the same as Black Iron Demon King. They were both famous Demon Kings and were much stronger than ordinary Demon Kings.
The ones blocking Heaven's Might Demon King were Xing Tiansu and a few other Illumination Realm experts.
"You guys, spread out a little. Pay attention to Heaven's Might Buddha! I'll stop him from the front! "Xing Tiansu commanded the formation while controlling his Quintessential Essence Avatar.
There were only two people in White Emperor City who could fight Black Iron Demon King and Heaven's Might Demon King head-on. One of them was Xing Tiansu, and the other was Yun Luo.
Xing Tiansu floated in mid-air. Suddenly, he took a deep breath and inhaled. His entire lower abdomen suddenly swelled up.
Xing Tiansu's True Energy Incarnation, which was dozens of meters tall, began to shrink bit by bit. Eventually, the True Energy Incarnation was compressed to twice the size of Xing Tiansu's body.
After the Quintessential Essence was highly compressed, every inch of it was more than a hundred times stronger. The originally blurry Quintessential Essence Avatar was now like a real entity. It attached itself to Xing Tiansu's body, flashing with golden light.
His Quintessential Essence Avatar was like a custom-made armor, attaching itself to Xing Tiansu's body.
This move was similar to "Quintessential Essence Armor", but it was not the same. This was because the "armor" formed from a huge Quintessential Essence Avatar was much stronger than an ordinary Quintessential Essence Armor!
Xing Tiansu's eyes were fixed on Heaven's Might Demon King, who was charging towards him. Heaven's Might Demon King was extremely fast. From afar, it looked like a black line in the sky.
"Kill!" Xing Tiansu waved his huge hammer, attacking Heaven's Might Demon King head-on.
At the same time, the other Divine Illumination Realm powerhouses exuded powerful auras as they followed Xing Tiansu towards Heaven's Might Demon King.
Heaven's Might Demon King's wings flapped wildly. When he saw the Quintessential Essence of various colors charging towards him, he let out a strange sound from his throat.
"Keke, don't even think about stopping me. Heaven's Might Stupa …"
Streams of Demonic Qi gushed out of its body. As soon as the Demonic Qi rushed out of its body, it condensed into black pillars. On the pillars, there were black chains swinging wildly.
"Everyone, be careful and avoid these stupas. If you are caught by one, you will die!" After Xing Tiansu finished speaking, he swung his huge hammer at one of the incoming stupas.
When Xing Tiansu's hammer came into contact with the stupa, the chains on the stupa quickly climbed up and twisted towards Xing Tiansu's hammer.
Xing Tiansu sneered and swung his other hammer at the same time.
Clang!
A ripple was transmitted at a speed visible to the naked eye between the hammer and the stupa, reverberating through a radius of 100 miles.
Even the demon soldiers and generals engaged in a fierce battle in the White Emperor City reflexively looked up at the sky with fear in their eyes. The power of this attack was unimaginably terrifying to most people.
The Heaven's Might Stupa was smashed to pieces by Xing Tiansu's hammer. It turned into specks of demonic aura that dissipated between heaven and earth.
However, the other Divine Illumination Realm powerhouses did not have such an easy time against the Heaven's Might Stupa.
One of the Divine Illumination Realm powerhouses wielding a blade brandished his huge blade as the Heaven's Might Stupa approached. The Divine Illumination Realm powerhouse's Quintessential Essence burned furiously as his blade intent turned into a line of blood that sliced towards the Heaven's Might Stupa.
This Divine Illumination Realm powerhouse was very confident in his own strength. His "Blood Cutter" was a high-grade spiritual weapon. Ever since he had entered the Divine Illumination Realm, he had never encountered anything that he could not cut with his Blood Cutter. He believed that he could cut the Heaven's Might Stupa in two with one slash.
"Crack!"
When his "Blood Cutter" cut into the Heaven's Might Stupa, his expression changed drastically. The Blood Cutter, which had always been successful, had actually failed to cut the Heaven's Might Stupa. It had only cut halfway, and the blade of the Blood Cutter had sunk deep into the stupa.
This bladesman had been able to enter the Divine Illumination Realm, so he had been a famous powerhouse for a long time. Besides the Imperial Capital, he could dominate any place in the Eastern Region. However, even the Heaven's Might Stupa summoned by the Heaven's Might Stupa could not cut it!
He wanted to pull his saber out of the stupa, but when he tried, it didn't budge.

Chapter 123
The Illumination Spirit Realm expert's expression changed drastically. He wanted to circulate his Quintessential Essence to break free from the shackles of these chains. However, when he tried to do so, he realized that he could not condense the Quintessential Essence in his body!
Thus, he was bound to the Heavenly Might Stupa and fell rapidly downwards!
This was the ability of the Heaven's Might Buddha. Anyone who was bound to the Heaven's Might Buddha would have their true essence sealed. A Divine Illuminating Realm powerhouse who was unable to use their true essence would have their mortal body stronger than an ordinary martial artist's. They would have no other advantages!
In addition to this swordsman, two other people were bound by the Heavenly Might Stupa and fell to the ground.
Only Xing Tiansu alone had used brute force to break the Heaven's Might Stupa. The other two Illumination Spirit Realm experts had special movement techniques that allowed them to avoid the Heavenly Might Stupa's attack.
"Besides the Heavenly Might Stupa, the Heavenly Might Demon King's body is also very strong. Now that there are only three of us left, we must stop him!" Xing Tiansu took the lead and swung his sledgehammer at the Heavenly Might Demon King …
To be able to avoid the Heavenly Might Stupa's attack, the remaining two Illumination Spirit Realm experts were also elites who were adept at moving around. Together with Xing Tiansu, they managed to forcefully delay the Heavenly Might Demon King's attack.
At this moment, within the Heavenly Fey Sacred Fire.
Luo Zheng's body was absorbing the Heavenly Fey Sacred Fire faster and faster. More than half of the Heavenly Fey Sacred Fire had been absorbed by his body.
The remaining black fog was becoming thinner and thinner. The figures of the Black Iron Fey King and Yun Luo could also be vaguely seen.
The Black Iron Fey King's expression was rather ugly.
Its greatest reliance was the Heavenly Fey's Sacred Fire. As long as it had the Sacred Fire, it could instantly recover from any injuries it sustained. Both its speed and strength would be greatly enhanced. Moreover, its Demonic Qi recovery speed would be three times faster than in the outside world!
This was also why the Black Iron Fey King had no qualms about competing with Yun Luo in terms of Quintessential Essence.
In the Heavenly Fey Sacred Fire, all his abilities were greatly enhanced and he was almost immortal.
But now … all of the Heavenly Fey Sacred Fire had been absorbed by that damned brat.
The Heavenly Demonic Saint Fire could be used to refine the bodies of the monsters. If a Monster General were to cultivate in the Heavenly Demonic Saint Fire, the chances of him breaking through to the Monster King realm would increase by ten times!
However, no demon could absorb the Heavenly Fey Sacred Fire in such an exaggerated manner. Not even the Black Iron Fey King could do it!
The Black Iron Fey Monarch had also used a secret technique to seal the Heavenly Fey Sacred Fire in his Fey core. If he absorbed so much Heavenly Fey Sacred Fire in one go, he would explode and die.
"Is this human still human? No … What the hell is this human? Why is his body able to withstand the Heavenly Demonic Sacred Fire?! "
In contrast, Yun Luo was much calmer. Although she was curious as to how Luo Zheng could absorb the Heavenly Demonic Sacred Fire, she was not very curious about anything. Moreover, her understanding of the Heavenly Demonic Sacred Fire was far less than the Black Iron Demonic King. She did not know how powerful and terrifying the Heavenly Demonic Sacred Fire was.
Therefore, she continued to draw out the vital essence in her body to fight against the Black Iron Beast King.
However, the rate of her vital essence consumption was much faster than the Black Iron Beast King's. At this moment, due to the excessive consumption of vital essence, her face was already pale.
Seeing Yun Luo's appearance, the Black Iron Beast King had a plan. After all, he was an extremely powerful Fey King. He believed that his Fey Qi was much more than a human girl's!
Even without the help of the Heavenly Demonic Sacred Fire, he was still confident that he could defeat Yun Luo!
Xing Tiansu and the others were overjoyed when they saw the Heavenly Demonic Sacred Fire gradually thinning out.
However, when they saw Yun Luo and the Black Iron Beast King competing in vital essence, their expressions turned ugly.
A Fey King's Fey Qi was much more than a human's.
Yun Luo was an anomaly among humans. Her vital essence was very special. At the same time, the vital essence in her dantian was many times more than that of an ordinary Illuminating Spirit Realm expert. However, she was still far inferior to a Fey King, let alone a Black Iron Beast King.
"Go help her!" Xing Tiansu used his sledgehammer to block an attack from Heavenly Demonic King and ordered a Illuminating Spirit Realm expert beside him.
After the Illuminating Spirit Realm expert obeyed, a beacon fire surged beneath his feet. He was about to rush towards Yun Luo. These Illuminating Spirit Realm experts knew that when competing in vital essence, it was taboo to have someone interfere. This was because both parties would not be able to find the time to receive other attacks. The slightest distraction would result in a backlash from the opponent's vital essence.
This Divine Reflection Realm powerhouse was also known for his speed. The Fire Beacon under his feet was extremely fast. Just now, even the Heavenly Might Stupa was unable to do anything to him.
However, just as this Illuminating Spirit Realm expert was about to rush over, Heavenly Might Demon King was one step ahead and blocked his path.
Previously, Heaven's Might Beast King had wanted to stop Luo Zheng from absorbing the Heavenly Demonic Sacred Flame because the Heavenly Demonic Sacred Flame was extremely important to the Black Iron Beast King. Now that the Heavenly Demonic Sacred Flame had been completely absorbed by Luo Zheng, Heaven's Might Beast King also saw that the Black Iron Beast King was actually competing with the human girl in terms of Zhen Essence.
Heavenly Might Demon King understood that the human girl would definitely lose!
Therefore, Heavenly Might Demon King and the human Illuminating Spirit Realm experts had swapped roles. Now, it was his turn to stop Xing Tiansu and the other Illuminating Spirit Realm experts.
At this moment, whether it was Heavenly Might Demon King or Xing Tiansu and the others, they all chose to ignore one person. That person was Luo Zheng, who was lying on the light screen.
Just like the last time, his body was burning hot. It was burning hot.
The Heavenly Demonic Sacred Fire had been absorbed by the golden vortexes on Luo Zheng's body, which was equivalent to refining his body again.
"This feeling, I really don't want to experience it again!" Luo Zheng sat down on the light screen and shook his arms. Suddenly, he felt something strange on his chest.
"Eh? There's an additional spiritual inscription on my chest! " Seeing the spiritual inscription, Luo Zheng was overjoyed. After absorbing the Earth Core Fire underground last time, there was an additional spiritual inscription on his chest, which symbolized that he had become a spiritual weapon. Now, there were two spiritual inscriptions on his chest.
One spiritual inscription was a low-grade spiritual weapon, and two spiritual inscriptions were a middle-grade spiritual weapon!
A smile appeared on Luo Zheng's face. At the same time, he was somewhat puzzled. According to the previous rules, he had to absorb the flames in order to refine his body. However, why was absorbing the black mist now having the same effect?
What he didn't know was that the black mist was the Heavenly Demonic Sacred Fire of the Demon Clan. It was also a type of flame, but a special kind of flame.
At the same time, Luo Zheng found that something special had appeared on his body.
There were two more unique inscriptions on his arms. In the middle of these inscriptions, there was an empty space the size of an egg. He raised his arms and looked at them for a long time with a blank expression.
He didn't know why these inscriptions appeared on his arms. However, he seemed to have vaguely seen these inscriptions somewhere before. They were somewhat familiar.
However, he had just absorbed the black mist, and now his mind was in a state of paste. No matter how hard he tried, he couldn't remember where he had seen these inscriptions before.
"Eh? What are the two people up there doing? "
Luo Zheng sat on the light screen and looked up. Not far away, the Black Iron Demon King and Yun Luo were facing each other. They just stood there strangely. Between them, there was a Demon Qi constantly spreading forward. However, halfway through, it seemed to be blocked by some kind of invisible force.
Yun Luo's Genuine Essence was invisible and colorless, so Luo Zheng naturally couldn't see it. However, Luo Zheng's soul was strong, so he could feel Yun Luo's Genuine Essence.
"A competition of Genuine Essence?"
Luo Zheng, who was slow to react, finally understood.
After becoming a Xiantian lifeform, it was indeed possible to rely on Genuine Essence to suppress the opponent. There were some people who specialized in cultivation methods to strengthen Genuine Essence. In the process of battle, they didn't face the enemy head-on. Instead, they looked for opportunities to drag the opponent into a battle of attrition and compete purely with Genuine Essence!
Although this method was dangerous, it could maximize the advantages of Genuine Essence.
Luo Zheng looked at Yun Luo's slightly pale face and understood that Yun Luo was now at a disadvantage.
However, Luo Zheng wasn't anxious in the slightest. He even calmly lay on the light screen and leisurely looked up.
Yun Luo only glanced indifferently at Luo Zheng below, then withdrew her gaze. She was still very focused on releasing her Genuine Essence, and didn't ask Luo Zheng for help.
However, at this moment, the first to ask for help from Luo Zheng was Xing Tiansu.
Because of Heavenly Might Demon King's obstruction, Xing Tiansu couldn't help Yun Luo. However, although they couldn't come over, their voices could still be transmitted. By borrowing the power of Genuine Essence, their voices could be transmitted very far away.
"Luo Zheng! Yun Luo's victory or defeat is very important. It may directly affect the survival of White Emperor City. Can you help her? "Xing Tiansu shouted loudly at Luo Zheng.
Luo Zheng turned over on the light screen. Xing Tiansu's words had some effect. In fact, if it had been any other human in front of him, no matter who it was, he would have already gone up to help. The reason he didn't care was because he was angry at Yun Luo's methods.
However, Xing Tiansu's words were very reasonable.
If Yun Luo was really defeated, White Emperor City would be destroyed and Luo Zheng would definitely be finished. These demon kings would probably be able to kill him with just a flick of their fingers.
As he thought of this, Luo Zheng reluctantly got up.
Seeing that Luo Zheng had finally moved, Xing Tiansu and the other Divine Reflection Realm experts were delighted. However, at the same time, they were deeply worried.
After all, the other party was a Black Iron Demon King!
Luo Zheng was only a little guy at the half-step Xiantian Realm.
When competing with Genuine Essence, one couldn't be distracted. Once one was distracted, the opponent would take advantage of the opportunity to counterattack.
However, Luo Zheng's strength was too weak. Even if the Black Iron Demon King didn't get distracted, he would probably be able to kill Luo Zheng.
However, nothing could be known without trying. Now, only Luo Zheng could give it a try.

Chapter 124
This light curtain was oval-shaped and looked like a huge egg in the air.
Luo Zheng climbed along the edge and soon arrived at the center of the eggshell. At this time, Luo Zheng was only ten meters away from the Black Iron Beast King.
It was said that when competing in Zhen Yuan, people couldn't be distracted at all. However, that guy was a Beast King after all, which was far beyond the scope of ordinary humans. If Luo Zheng rashly rushed over and was pierced by a bone spike, his life would be over.
It was better to be careful.
The safest way was to use the broken flying dagger to attack. He didn't expect his flying dagger to be able to kill the Beast King, but as long as it could stab him, it would be enough to have a considerable impact on him!
Thinking of this, Luo Zheng's finger shook slightly and the broken flying dagger jumped out of his Sumeru Ring. Then, he faced the Black Iron Beast King and waved his hand. The broken flying dagger shot towards the Black Iron Beast King's back.
At this moment, the Black Iron Beast King was secretly complaining. When he released the Heavenly Beast Sacred Fire, he sensed that the human brat was also included in it.
However, the Black Iron Beast King didn't take that brat seriously at all. To the Black Iron Beast King, that half-step Xiantian brat was just an ant. How much trouble could an ant cause? With the corrosive power of the Heavenly Beast Sacred Fire, it wouldn't take long for that brat to be completely corroded.
However, the Black Iron Beast King never imagined that the human brat would not only not be corroded, but also devour his Heavenly Beast Sacred Fire.
The way this happened was too strange.
It was this strangeness that made the Black Iron Beast King a little vigilant.
Because from the beginning, Yun Luo used a barrier to tie that brat to the battlefield. If that brat hadn't been able to devour his Heavenly Beast Sacred Fire, he would simply be a burden to that human girl.
Therefore, the Black Iron Beast King believed that this was not a coincidence, but premeditated.
Since it was premeditated, it must have been planned in all aspects. He was afraid that the human race had other tricks up their sleeves.
As a result, he watched Luo Zheng climb up and shoot a flying dagger at him.
The broken flying dagger flew extremely fast and arrived at the Black Iron Beast King's back in an instant.
"What a sharp flying knife. However, I'm afraid it's not enough to distract me," the Black Iron Daemon King said calmly.
The broken flying knife, which had always been successful, seemed to encounter a great resistance the moment it shot towards the back of the Black Iron Demon King. Then, it deviated to the side.
At this moment, the battle in the sky outside had also stopped. Everyone was facing off against the remaining two Daemon Kings. Both sides were very nervous as they watched the Black Iron Daemon King's actions.
"What a pity." Xing Tiansu shook his head. The strength of a Half-step Innate was indeed not enough. If this flying knife had been shot by Xing Tiansu, the Black Iron Goblin King would not have been able to dodge and would have died.
Many Divine Illumination Realm experts were disappointed. It was unwise to have placed too much hope on a half-step Connate kid.
Heaven's Might Demon King and another ordinary Daemon King looked slightly relaxed. The kid from the Human Clan was still too weak. He was like a powerful lion fighting with a leopard. What could an ant do?
Seeing this scene, Luo Zheng blinked and gently pinched his thumb. The broken flying knife, which had fallen to the ground, returned to his hand.
Then he threw a few more flying daggers at the back of the Black Iron Demon King. Every time the broken flying daggers got close to the back of the Demon King, the flying daggers would lose their aim. They would either fly up or slide down. One time, they even turned around and shot back at Luo Zheng. Fortunately, Luo Zheng dodged quickly. Otherwise, he would have been injured by his own flying daggers.
After several fruitless attempts, Luo Zheng gave up the broken flying knife. This time, he used the Heavenly Devil Fist.
Luo Zheng drew out the Genuine Qi in his body and took a deep breath quietly. Then, he assumed the starting posture of the Heavenly Devil Fist. Then, he gathered the Heavenly Devil Genuine Qi and punched towards the Black Iron Demon King.
"Demonic Shaking the World!"
A purple-black fist shadow suddenly shot out from Luo Zheng's hand.
"Hit!"
Luo Zheng was very confident in the Heavenly Devil Fist. After all, he had defeated Xu Xiu, a Divine Illumination Realm expert, with the help of the Divine Illumination Fist. Although Luo Zheng knew that it was because Xu Xiu was in a daze and didn't know how to dodge …
"Puff …"
When the purplish-black fist shadow reached the back of the Black Iron Fey Monarch, it also collided with the invisible force field!
It was ineffective! Luo Zheng's brows furrowed deeply.
If the Heavenly Devil Fist was ineffective, Luo Zheng would really be at his wit's end.
Unless he got close to the Black Iron Demon King.
However, when he thought of the Black Iron Demon King's abnormal strength, he was afraid that he would be in danger if he really turned around to deal with him.
"Insignificant human, if you stop, I will consider not killing you after taking White Emperor City. You will be my servant," the Black Iron Demon King suddenly said. It seemed that although he had avoided Luo Zheng's attack, he was still very wary of Luo Zheng's constant probing behind him.
It would have been better if the Black Iron Demon King had not spoken. Hearing this, Luo Zheng raised his eyebrows and sneered, "I am not interested in being anyone's servant!"
"Then what do you want to be?" the Black Iron Demon King asked.
"Haha, how about being your elder? Like your father? "Luo Zheng smiled slightly.
The Black Iron Demon King's voice suddenly sank. "Human, do you know the consequences of insulting me?"
"I don't know what they are. I only know that humans and demons are irreconcilable. Don't expect to persuade me with these petty benefits," Luo Zheng retorted coldly.
"Good, I like unyielding humans. I hope you won't regret it when the time comes!" After the Black Iron Demon King finished speaking, he suddenly increased the speed of releasing his demon aura.
As soon as the demon aura on the Black Iron Demon King's side increased, the pressure on Yun Luo's side suddenly doubled. At this moment, Yun Luo's small, egg-shaped face was deathly pale. Obviously, she was struggling to hold on.
Luo Zheng looked at Yun Luo. Even at the most painful time, this expressionless little girl's face did not show the slightest trace of pain. However, because of this, she looked even more pitiful.
"Well, let's give it a try!"
Luo Zheng knew that he had no choice but to fight the Black Iron Demon King. Once Yun Luo was defeated, Luo Zheng's fate would be worse than that of the people in White Emperor City.
Therefore, he leaned against the light curtain, bent his legs, and suddenly jumped up and pounced on the Black Iron Demon King.
The distance of thirty feet was quickly closed with just a single leap.
Seeing Luo Zheng pounce on her, Yun Luo seized the opportunity. At this moment, the amount of Vital Essence she released increased greatly. At this moment, as long as the Black Iron Demon King was distracted, Yun Luo would be able to take him down.
It all depended on whether Luo Zheng could distract the Black Iron Demon King.
The moment Luo Zheng got close, a pale yellow spike emerged from between his eyebrows and stabbed towards the Black Iron Demon King.
"Frightening Spirit Spike!"
Luo Zheng did not expect his Frightening Spirit Spike to be able to hurt such a powerful demon king. However, he only needed the Frightening Spirit Spike to distract the Black Iron Demon King.
The Frightening Spirit Spike pierced directly towards the Black Iron Demon King's head.
"It hit!"
The pale yellow Frightening Spirit Spike pierced the Black Iron Demon King's head.
However, the Black Iron Demon King did not seem to have any reaction!
"Kaka … interesting. This little guy can even use spiritual attacks. However, although your soul is much stronger than ordinary humans, it's still weaker than mine. It can't affect me at all! If your soul was a little stronger, I'm afraid I would be in trouble today. "The Black Iron Demon King said lightly," Now, it's you who is in trouble! "
As soon as the Black Iron Demon King finished speaking, Luo Zheng felt an invisible force rolling towards him.
Luo Zheng's Broken Flying Dagger and Heavenly Demon God Fist were both dissolved by this invisible force. Luo Zheng did not expect that this invisible force could be used to attack people!
How powerful was this force?
Luo Zheng, who was in mid-air, had no way to avoid it.
"Bang!"
Luo Zheng's body collided with the invisible force, making a loud noise. Then, Luo Zheng was fiercely slapped away by the force!
"Bang! Bang! Bang! Bang! "
This invisible force was so strong that Luo Zheng was slapped directly onto the layer of light curtain below. The powerful impact made Luo Zheng bounce off the light curtain like a rubber ball and hit the "ceiling" at the top.
After bouncing up and down four or five times, the huge force disappeared completely. Luo Zheng fell to the bottom of the light curtain and lay on the ground, motionless.
"Are you dead? Haha! You're just an ant. Do you really think you can bite me? "The Black Iron Demon King laughed sinisterly.
Yun Luo's eyes gently fell on Luo Zheng. Her face was still indifferent and serious, but her eyes trembled slightly. Her white pupils revealed a trace of danger.
The other Divine Illumination Realm experts also shook their heads. It was unrealistic to count on Luo Zheng. It seemed that they had thought too much. After all, even an ordinary Divine Illumination Realm expert would be under great pressure when facing the Black Iron Demon King.
Luo Zheng's bones were probably broken after being hit by such a huge force. He probably couldn't get up.
However, to everyone's surprise, Luo Zheng's arm suddenly moved. Then, he raised his head. Although it was difficult for him to get up, he still got up!
After getting up from the ground, Luo Zheng moved his body. The force of the blow just now was so terrifying that it almost broke his waist.
However, the huge force of the blow created a trickle of warmth in his body. It washed his dantian, making Luo Zheng feel very comfortable.
If it wasn't for the danger to his life, Luo Zheng would have been willing to go up and take a few more blows. Maybe he could break through to the Xiantian Realm.
When the Black Iron Demon King saw that Luo Zheng could still get up, its ugly eyes trembled slightly, indicating that it was still very surprised.
As for Yun Luo's expressionless face, it was unknown whether it was a coincidence or not, but the corners of her mouth curved slightly. It looked like she was smiling!
One should know that some people once said that they would rather believe that the sun would never rise than believe that Yun Luo would smile. It was unknown what they would think when they saw Yun Luo's expression.
No one noticed Yun Luo's smile. Naturally, Luo Zheng didn't notice it either. He was still studying how to deal a fatal blow to the Black Iron Demon King!
Luo Zheng stepped on the light screen and walked back and forth. His eyes inadvertently glanced at Xu Xiu in the distance. He stared at Xu Xiu for a while, and his eyes suddenly lit up. Then, he waved at Xu Xiu.
Strictly speaking, Xu Xiu wasn't a particularly stupid person. Those who could enter the Divine Illumination Realm were all geniuses and extremely talented people.
When Xu Xiu felt Luo Zheng's gaze, he instantly understood!
Then, Luo Zheng waved his hand at Xu Xiu.
After Luo Zheng waved his hand, Xu Xiu stretched out his hand. A five-clawed golden dragon appeared in his hand and shot at Luo Zheng in the distance!
＝＝＝＝＝

Chapter 125
The two Daemon Kings could stop the Illumination God Realm expert from going over, but they couldn't stop him from releasing his True Yuan.
At the same time, the two Daemon Kings didn't understand why that person had summoned the Five-Clawed Golden Dragon.
The Five-Clawed Golden Dragon circled around and flew towards Luo Zheng at a uniform speed. When the Five-Clawed Golden Dragon was a certain distance away from the island, Luo Zheng clenched his fists and punched the Five-Clawed Golden Dragon.
"Demon Moves the World!"
A purplish black shadow of a fist flew towards the Five-Clawed Golden Dragon. With a "Pop!", the shadow of the fist sank into the Five-Clawed Golden Dragon.
The shadow of the fist only left a small black spot on the Five-Clawed Golden Dragon's body. In an instant, the small black spot expanded rapidly, and the Five-Clawed Golden Dragon turned into a Five-Clawed Black Dragon!
Luo Zheng controlled the Five-Clawed Black Dragon to circle around in the air.
In the distance, Zhu Feihang seemed to have thought of something, and his eyes suddenly lit up!
Zhu Feihang waved his hand, and a small silver sword flashed from his hand. The moment it appeared, it shot towards the Five-Clawed Golden Dragon.
Xu Xiu also continued to work hard. He summoned another Five-Clawed Golden Dragon from his hand and attacked it towards Luo Zheng.
Whether it was the Five-Clawed Golden Dragon or the small silver sword, Luo Zheng absorbed them all. He controlled the Five-Clawed Black Dragon to devour them one by one.
Under this devouring, the Five-Clawed Black Dragon under Luo Zheng's control began to rapidly expand by more than two times.
Seeing this scene, how could the Illumination God Realm experts not understand?
This was equivalent to releasing True Yuan to feed Luo Zheng's Five-Clawed Black Dragon!
Everyone present, except for Xing Tiansu, who was a True Yuan avatar and couldn't release True Yuan, drew out True Yuan from their bodies and shot it towards Luo Zheng.
The five-clawed Black Dragon continued to devour true essence. With every bit of true essence it devoured, its body would grow larger and its aura would also grow stronger. After an incense stick of time, a massive five-clawed Black Dragon appeared in the sky!
Even Xing Tiansu was secretly shocked by the power of this Five-Clawed Black Dragon. "This young man's True Qi is terrifying. He can actually achieve such power with the strength of a Half-step to the Xiantian Realm! It's really rare! "
Xu Xiu looked at the five-clawed black dragon with his mouth wide open. Who present could withstand such a powerful attack? Even Xing Tiansu's soul would be destroyed by this Five-Clawed Black Dragon's Soul's Black Dragon. It seemed that it was no wonder he was defeated by Luo Zheng Luo Zheng's Xiu..
. Luo Zheng, Luo Luo Zheng, Luo Zheng, Luo Zheng, Luo, Luo Luo Zheng, Luo. Luo Zheng Luo Luo..
Luo '''s Luo Lun't Luo Zheng, Luo Luo Luo Luo Luo Luo's Luo Zheng Luan Luo's was Luo Black Black Dragon Dragon,'s Luluo Zheng Luo 'Luo Luo' ''s Luluo' '', Luo, Luo
Unless something inconceivable had happened.
Obviously, this incredible thing was what Luo Zheng was doing.
Luo Zheng had used the characteristics of the Heavenly Demon's True Qi and the True Qi of several Illuminating Spirit Realm experts to cultivate such a terrifying Five-Clawed Black Dragon. Although it was powerful, it had a fatal flaw!
In a real battle, any Illuminating Spirit Realm expert or Demon King would not be afraid of this Five-Clawed Black Dragon.
This was because Luo Zheng's strength was still weak. He was only a Half-step to the Xiantian Realm. The Five-Clawed Black Dragon's flying speed could not catch up with the Demon King and Illuminating Spirit Realm experts.
No one would stand there foolishly and let the Five-Clawed Black Dragon attack them.
They just needed to escape and wait for Luo Zheng's Five-Clawed Black Dragon to dissipate. Then, they could come back and kill Luo Zheng.
However, today's situation was perfect for this Five-Clawed Black Dragon!
The Black Iron Demon King was competing with Yun Luo's True Qi. At this moment, it was very troublesome for him to be distracted, let alone move.
When the Black Iron Demon King saw the Five-Clawed Golden Dragon, his face turned ugly. He really could not imagine that the human boy could do this!
At the same time, the Black Iron Demon King was completely confused! Was this a trap from the beginning, or was everything just a coincidence?
If it was a trap, it was too risky. Why did he put all his hopes on the human boy, who was only a Half-step to the Xiantian Realm? It was impossible!
But if it was a coincidence, did God want him to die? The Black Iron Demon King's heart was filled with unwillingness! These Illuminating Spirit Realm humans were obviously vulnerable, but in the end, such a situation happened!
Not only was his Heavenly Demon Sacred Fire taken away by the boy, but he also created such a huge Five-Clawed Black Dragon to take his life.
"I'm not willing!"
Just as the Black Iron Demon King was shouting in his heart, Luo Zheng had already controlled the Five-Clawed Black Dragon to drill through the light curtain and charge toward the Black Iron Demon King.
Yun Luo was also very cooperative. She almost drew out all the True Qi in her body at the same time. She was determined to kill the Black Iron Demon King with one blow.
"Roar!"
As the Five-Clawed Black Dragon pounced on the Black Iron Demon King, it raised its head and roared. With endless power, it opened its mouth to bite the Black Iron Demon King.
The Black Iron Demon King was in a dilemma. Dodge? Yun Luo would never let him go. He was bound to be attacked by the little human girl. Could he withstand the attack of the Five-Clawed Black Dragon?
How was that possible?
Even the Black Iron Demon King was not confident.
Moreover, even if he could withstand the attack of the Five-Clawed Black Dragon and luckily survived, the little human girl would not let him go!
"Ga ga! Human boy, I'll make you pay with your life! "
In desperation, the Black Iron Demon King finally understood that there was only one way left in front of him, and that was to risk his life!
The Black Iron Demon King suddenly retracted his Demon Qi. In a battle of True Qi, retracting his True Qi was undoubtedly suicidal.
However, the Black Iron Demon King had no choice.
The moment he retracted his Demon Qi, Yun Luo's True Qi followed and pressed down on the Black Iron Demon King.
"Pu!"
The Black Iron Demon King spat out a mouthful of Demon Qi. The Demon Qi emitted from his body weakened a lot. Obviously, he was seriously injured.
This was also because Yun Luo had consumed too much of her Quintessential Essence when she was competing with the Black Iron Demon King. Otherwise, Yun Luo would have directly caused the Black Iron Demon King to explode and die!
The seriously injured Black Iron Demon King flapped his wings and moved in a flash, avoiding the attack of Luo Zheng's huge Five-Clawed Black Dragon. At the same time, he flapped his wings again and rushed toward Luo Zheng from the side.
Obviously, the Black Iron Demon King hated Luo Zheng to the core and wanted to kill him as soon as possible!
In the face of the Black Iron Demon King's rushing momentum, Luo Zheng's expression changed abruptly. He stepped on the light curtain and ran frantically for his life.
The one chasing him was a Demon King, not a Demon General!
If he encountered a Demon General, Luo Zheng still had the strength to fight. But when facing an existence like a Demon King, Luo Zheng could only run for his life. Looking at the current situation, even if he wanted to escape, he was afraid that he couldn't!
"What bad luck!"
Luo Zheng thought gloomily as he ran. Why did this kind of thing have to come to him?
Right at this moment, Luo Zheng heard a gust of wind by his ear.
Without thinking, Luo Zheng rolled on the ground, almost relying on his conditioned reflex. A cyan-gray Bone Spur passed by Luo Zheng's ear.
The Demon King's Bone Spur was more than 10 times more powerful and faster than the Demon General's Bone Spur. Although the Bone Spur did not pierce Luo Zheng, the wind it created made Luo Zheng's cheeks sting.
After rolling on the ground, Luo Zheng immediately got up and threw the broken throwing knife without looking at it.
The difference in speed between him and the Black Iron Demon King was too great. At this moment, he could not rely on his vision to fight. He had to rely on his instincts and feelings.
It had to be said that Luo Zheng's fighting instincts had been honed to a very mature level. The throwing knife shot straight at the Black Iron Demon King.
If it was an ordinary Demon General, the broken throwing knife would have pierced through it. However, the opponent was the Black Iron Demon King. Even though it was seriously injured and had less than 10% of its strength left, it was still an unbeatable existence in front of Luo Zheng.
"Pa!"
The Black Iron Demon King stretched out its hand and slapped Luo Zheng's broken throwing knife aside. The broken throwing knife, which had always been successful, could not cause any harm to the Demon King.
Although the broken throwing knife did not succeed, it still bought Luo Zheng a little time to escape. At least he was three meters away from the Black Iron Demon King.
Unfortunately, the Black Iron Demon King's speed was far beyond Luo Zheng's imagination. With a flap of the fleshy wings on its back, its huge body broke through the air and pounced on Luo Zheng.
"Die, human brat! I will suck your flesh and blood dry! " Four Bone Spurs extended from the Black Iron Demon King's body and pierced towards Luo Zheng from different directions.

Chapter 126
At this moment, Luo Zheng felt the danger behind him.
However, there were many things in the world that could not be avoided. Even though Luo Zheng knew where the danger was coming from, he could not avoid it or get rid of it!
Since he could not get rid of it, he would turn back and fight!
Luo Zheng jumped up and turned around in the air. He saw the Black Iron Demon King close behind him. There were several bone spurs on its body that were even closer to him. The closest bone spur was only a few feet away from the tip of his nose.
"Boom!"
"Roar!"
A Five-Clawed Black Dragon descended from above Luo Zheng's head. It let out a deafening roar and rushed down from the sky at a vertical angle.
The previous Five-Clawed Black Dragon's attack had been dodged by the Black Iron Demon King, but it did not dissipate. Luo Zheng had been controlling the Five-Clawed Black Dragon to advance parallel to him.
Now that all of Luo Zheng's trump cards had lost their effectiveness, he could only control this huge Five-Clawed Black Dragon to defend himself!
If the Black Iron Demon King really wanted to kill him regardless of the consequences, it could still kill him by withstanding the impact of this huge Five-Clawed Black Dragon!
If the Black Iron Demon King did not dare to risk his life, he would still have a chance to survive.
The Black Iron Demon King was very unwilling to give up. Seeing this human brat in front of it, it could immediately kill him. However, that damned Five-Clawed Black Dragon in the sky rushed down.
"Kaka, cunning human brat, do you think you can escape?" The Black Iron Demon King flapped its wings and strangely circled around from the side. It seemed that it wanted to kill Luo Zheng again after the Five-Clawed Black Dragon circled around it.
Unfortunately, the Black Iron Demon King's wishful thinking did not go well.
Luo Zheng smiled at the Black Iron Demon King and gently waved his finger. The Five-Clawed Black Dragon changed its direction slightly and swallowed Luo Zheng in one gulp!
This huge five-clawed black dragon was originally formed from the Heavenly Devil True Qi, and this Heavenly Devil True Qi belonged to Luo Zheng. Therefore, when Luo Zheng was inside the body of the five-clawed black dragon, not only was he not injured, but he was also controlling the five-clawed black dragon to wrap himself up.
The Black Iron Monster King clearly didn't expect that Luo Zheng would use this move. Originally, he was determined to take Luo Zheng's life, but now that Luo Zheng was hidden deep within the body of the Five-Clawed Black Dragon, he couldn't do anything to Luo Zheng!
"Kekeke …" The Black Iron Demon King roared. Suddenly, dozens of bluish-gray bone spikes shot out from its body.
The bone spurs penetrated the body of the Five-Clawed Black Dragon and pierced through it from the other side. However, the Black Iron Demon King could not find where Luo Zheng was hiding. He could only shoot randomly without any aim.
Luo Zheng lay quietly at the bottom of the Five-Clawed Black Dragon, not daring to move. The bone spurs pierced through the top of Luo Zheng's head. He was secretly alarmed. At this time, he had to rely on his luck.
In the end, Luo Zheng's luck was better. None of the bone spurs hit Luo Zheng.
The Black Iron Demon King had no way to deal with Luo Zheng. He opened his mouth, which was full of sharp teeth, and roared for a while. Then, he spread his wings and prepared to escape. At this time, he was seriously injured and would die here if he was not careful.
However, just as the Black Iron Archfiend Monarch was about to flee, a blood-colored barrier appeared behind him.
"Blood Prison Barrier!"
"Fate Breaking Barrier!"
"Nine Blade Barrier!"
At this critical moment, Yun Luo finally used her trump card!
In fact, Yun Luo had been preparing for a long time. No matter which type of barrier it was, it would take a long time to prepare.
If the Black Iron Demon King had been prepared to escape from the beginning, Yun Luo might not have been able to stop him. After all, in terms of true strength, the Black Iron Demon King was much stronger than Yun Luo. Even if he was seriously injured, he still had the ability to escape.
However, because Luo Zheng had angered the Black Iron Demon King and caused the Black Iron Demon King to chase after him, Yun Luo had used a secret technique to restore a small part of her True Essence. At the same time, she had also used three powerful barriers.
No matter what type of barrier it was, they were all extremely powerful.
Seeing this, the Black Iron Demon King suddenly rushed towards the edge of the Blood Prison Barrier. With this collision, the Blood Prison Barrier shattered. However, the second layer of the Fate Breaking Barrier blocked the Black Iron Demon King. At the same time, the Blood Prison Barrier instantly returned to its original state and bound the Black Iron Demon King.
If the Black Iron Demon King was at his peak, even these three barriers would not have been able to stop him. However, at this time, he was seriously injured and could no longer break through the three barriers set by Yun Luo.
"Luo Zheng, control your Five-Clawed Black Dragon and rush into the barriers!" Yun Luo, who was floating in the air not far away, said softly.
In fact, Luo Zheng was very resistant to Yun Luo's words. He had no reason to listen to Yun Luo. However, on second thought, this was a rare opportunity to kill the Five-Clawed Black Dragon. As a member of the Human Clan, he naturally had no reason to let it go.
Therefore, Luo Zheng's fingers trembled slightly. The Five-Clawed Black Dragon moved again and rushed towards the Black Iron Demon King.
When the giant Five-Clawed Black Dragon rushed up, Yun Luo controlled the three barriers. Three holes appeared in the three barriers, and the Five-Clawed Black Dragon drilled through the holes one by one.
The Black Iron Demon King was like a trapped beast in a cage. He struggled in the narrow barriers but could not break through them no matter how hard he tried. He could only watch as Luo Zheng controlled the giant Five-Clawed Black Dragon and rushed towards him!
Realizing that he could not escape the fate of death, the Black Iron Demon King roared unwillingly towards the sky, "Humans, you will pay a huge price sooner or later. Ah …"
"Rumble!"
The moment the Five-Clawed Black Dragon crashed into the Black Iron Demon King, the Demon King chose to explode his demon core!
How terrifying was the power of a Demon King's self-explosion?
The pitch-black energy began to surge wildly and expand towards the surroundings. Yun Luo's three barriers only restrained this energy for a moment. Then, they suddenly burst open, causing an even more intense sound and shock wave.
"Boom!"
After the Black Iron Demon King's self-explosion, the light curtain under Luo Zheng's feet suddenly disappeared. Luo Zheng could not fly. With the help of the shock wave, he rushed towards the ground.
Yun Luo was also pushed back quite a distance by the shock wave. She glanced at Luo Zheng expressionlessly. Then, her snow-white figure suddenly flashed and rushed towards Luo Zheng.
After reaching Luo Zheng's side, she gently waved her little hand. Then, six transparent barriers covered Luo Zheng and formed a square barrier, firmly trapping Luo Zheng inside.
Luo Zheng looked at the transparent barriers around him and did not know whether to laugh or cry.
Last time, he was also locked up like this. When he came down, he was still locked up like this. The only difference was that he was treated a little better this time. He did not have to squat so sullenly …
In the end, Yun Luo controlled the barriers and they landed steadily on the ground.
In the sky, the remaining ordinary Demon King and the other Demon King of Heaven's Might saw the Black Iron Demon King's self-explosion and understood that the battle was over. The two Demon Kings flapped their wings and turned into black lines, quickly flying away.
Seeing the Demon Kings fly away, Xing Tiansu and the other strong men in the Divine Reflection Realm understood that the humans had won this battle. They all breathed a sigh of relief and flew towards White Emperor City.
The battle in White Emperor City came to an abrupt end almost at the same time. The Demon Soldiers and Demon Generals who had attacked White Emperor City retreated at this moment. The human Imperial Army chased after them in an organized manner.
"Hey, when will you let me out?" Luo Zheng knocked on the transparent barrier and asked.
Yun Luo clasped her hands behind her back and faced Luo Zheng. She said indifferently, "Why should I let you out?"
"I, I saved your life!" Luo Zheng said angrily.
Yun Luo blinked her eyes. "If you didn't save me, you would have died yourself. The so-called saving my life should be saving your own life."
"…" Luo Zheng was choked by Yun Luo's words. After thinking for a while, he said, "Even so, you don't have to keep me locked up!"
"After I hand you over to the Military Law Office, I can let you go," Yun Luo said again.
Hearing Yun Luo's words, Luo Zheng breathed a sigh of relief. According to this situation, the Military Law Office of the Imperial Army should not make things difficult for him. He had only killed a counselor of the Imperial Army from a Family Zhuge. Now that he had helped the Imperial Army kill a Demon King, he believed that Xu Xiu would not make trouble for him anymore.
After a while, the strong men in the Divine Reflection Realm landed from the sky. Zhu Feihang, Xing Tiansu and the others walked towards Yun Luo.
Xing Tiansu stared at Luo Zheng with a pair of big eyes. His eyes were as big as a cow's. "Yun Luo, quickly let Luo Zheng out. Why are you still keeping him locked up at this time?"
Yun Luo still shook her head. "Let him out after I hand him over to the Military Law Office!"
Zhu Feihang, Xu Xiu and the others heard this and felt a terrible headache. This girl's personality was extremely stubborn! Under such circumstances, she still wanted to send Luo Zheng to the Military Law Office!
"Yun Luo, this person can't be sent to the Military Law Office!" Zhu Feihang stepped forward and said first.
"Why?" Yun Luo asked in return.
"Because he just made a miraculous contribution. He is the great hero who saved our White Emperor City!" Normally, whether it was Zhu Feihang, Xing Tiansu or other strong men in the Divine Reflection Realm, they would not argue with Yun Luo.
Having been stationed in White Emperor City for a long time, they knew Yun Luo's character and personality very well.

Chapter 127
Although it was not a big deal to send Luo Zheng to the Military Law Office, and he believed that the Military Law Office would not dare to convict Luo Zheng, he would not allow Yun Luo to do anything to Luo Zheng today.
"Even if he is a great hero, he has offended Xu Xiu and killed a counselor. These crimes are hard to pardon," Yun Luo said stubbornly.
"Yunluo, don't insist on this matter anymore." Xing Tiansu also stood on Zhu Feihang's side. "It's just a counselor. I've investigated it clearly. It was the counselor of the Zhuge Family who provoked Luo Zheng and wanted to kill him. That's why he got himself killed. Moreover, it's just a counselor. It doesn't matter if he's dead. Luo Zheng killed the Black Iron Demon King by coincidence. Not to mention killing a counselor, even if a general died, I can still pardon his crime!"
Even if it's just a counselor, I can still pardon him! "Xing Tiansu's words were quite tough. His meaning was very simple. He was the Supreme Commander of the Imperial Army. Pardoning Luo Zheng's crimes was just a matter of one sentence. He wanted to see what else Yun Luo had to say.
Xu Xiu suddenly stepped forward and said to Yun Luo, "That's right. I won't pursue this matter any further. When I attacked Luo Zheng, it was because I didn't get to the bottom of the matter. If anyone is to blame, it's my fault."
Yun Luo was silent for a while. Then she suddenly nodded and said, "Well, I will not pursue this matter!"
Hearing Yun Luo's words, Xing Tiansu, Zhu Feihang, Xu Xiu, and the others all breathed a sigh of relief. Although everyone was ready to risk everything to fight Yun Luo to the end, they also knew Yun Luo's character. She was not called the Killing Maiden for nothing. If she really went crazy, no one in White Emperor City could stop her!
Then Yun Luo stretched out her hand and gently flicked her finger. The transparent Bounded Domain around Luo Zheng suddenly began to soften, slowly turning into transparent Zhenqi and dissipating between heaven and earth.
"Boy, you've done a meritorious deed! This is a wonderful deed! " Zhu Feihang walked forward and patted Luo Zheng's shoulder. He was more and more satisfied with Luo Zheng. This boy and Zhu Qianning were really a match made in heaven!
Luo Zheng was embarrassed by such a compliment. He just said with a smile, "It's just a coincidence. If Yun Luo hadn't brought me up, I wouldn't have been able to kill the Black Iron Demon King by chance."
In fact, everyone had some doubts in their hearts, because Luo Zheng had happened two incredible things. First, Luo Zheng could absorb the Sacred Fire.
According to what they knew, the Sacred Fire was a panacea for the Demon Race. It was a fortuitous encounter that could only be encountered by chance. However, this was often the case. The Sacred Fire was a good thing for the Demon Race, but it was fatal to humans.
If an ordinary person was tossed into the Celestial Sacred Fire, they would be completely corroded in less than an incense stick's worth of time. Only Divine Reflection experts like Yun Luo could remain unscathed in the Celestial Sacred Fire. However, her spiritual sense and vision were greatly hindered.
However, Luo Zheng was different. He was only a Half-step Xiantian expert. In the eyes of the Divine Reflection Realm experts, he was no different from an ordinary person. Not only did he come out unscathed in the Heavenly Demonic Sacred Fire, but he also absorbed it completely.
What kind of strange thing was this?
Take Xing Tiansu for example. If he had absorbed a little bit of the Sacred Fire, he would have been greatly injured. However, Luo Zheng had absorbed such a large mass of Sacred Fire. Not only did he not die, but he also seemed to be fine. From this point of view, they really could not find any explanation.
The other point was Luo Zheng's Zhen Yuan. They already knew about this in the Governor's Mansion, but time was tight at that time, so no one looked into it.
Now that they thought about it, Luo Zheng's natal Zhen Yuan was a little too terrifying. It could actually devour other people's Zhen Yuan and turn it into his own. The Divine Reflection Realm powerhouses had a deep impression of the Five-Clawed Black Dragon that Luo Zheng had summoned.
Although Luo Zheng wanted to summon a Five-Clawed Black Dragon of that level, it could only be born under extreme circumstances.
First of all, there needed to be a Zhen Yuan similar to Xu Xiu's transformation for Luo Zheng to devour. If it was a small silver sword like Zhu Feihang's, which was extremely fast and each small sword was extremely small, it would be more difficult for Luo Zheng to devour and transform it.
In addition, other people were also willing to contribute their Zhen Yuan for Luo Zheng to devour. Only then could such a huge Five-Clawed Black Dragon be cultivated.
The most important situation was the state of the Black Iron Demon King at that time. He was competing with Yun Luo in terms of Zhen Yuan and could not move, so Luo Zheng could attack him unscrupulously. If the situation was different, Luo Zheng's slow Five-Clawed Black Dragon would not even be able to touch the Demon King's shadow.
In any case, under many coincidences, such a miraculous ending was formed. Perhaps it was God's will!
Everyone wanted to unravel these mysteries, but on second thought, although he was only a little guy in the Half-step Xiantian realm, who could easily reveal these secrets to others?
This guy was only in the Half-step Xiantian realm, but he could already achieve so much. As long as they were not brainless, they could imagine his future achievements.
Therefore, everyone suppressed their curiosity. Finally, Zhu Feihang put his arm around Luo Zheng's shoulder and said, "Let's go to the Governor's Mansion first!"
The Demon Clan's attack this time was quite a big blow to White Emperor City. The Emperor's Army suddenly lost a lot of soldiers, and several Divine Reflection Realm experts also died. But overall, this could be considered a great victory!
After all, they killed two Demon Kings at once! One of the Demon Kings was the Black Iron Demon King, who was famous for being difficult to deal with.
After the entire Emperor's Army of White Emperor City defeated the Demon Soldiers and Demon Generals, they began to clean up the mess.
"Uncle Feihang, where are Zhu Qianning and the others?" Luo Zheng asked in the Governor's Mansion.
Zhu Feihang smiled and was delighted. This guy was still concerned about Zhu Qianning. In fact, Zhu Feihang misunderstood. Luo Zheng was concerned about the disciples of the Blue Cloud Sect.
"They have already been escorted back before the battle began," Zhu Feihang replied.
Hearing this answer, Luo Zheng was relieved. The entire White Emperor City was in chaos during the battle between the Emperor's Army and the Demon Clan. If the disciples of the Blue Cloud Sect stayed in White Emperor City, they would probably suffer a lot of casualties when facing the Demon Soldiers and Demon Generals.
On this day, many generals gathered in the Governor's Mansion and reported the casualties of their troops one by one.
Strings of names and numbers were reported from their mouths, and each life was turned into a simple symbol. The Emperor's Army had paid the price of tens of thousands of lives in order to guard the north, block the Demon Clan's advance, and give the people of the south a peaceful and happy environment.
After the number of casualties and White Emperor City's losses were tallied, the ceremony to show off their achievements began.
"In this battle, the one who contributed the most was undoubtedly not our Emperor's Army, but Luo Zheng, the outer sect disciple of the Blue Cloud Sect, Xiao Yufeng!" Xing Tiansu said loudly in the lobby of the Governor's Mansion, "If it weren't for Luo Zheng, the casualties of our Emperor's Army would definitely be more than this. I'm afraid that the entire White Emperor City would have been captured by the Demon Clan. I thank you on behalf of the entire Emperor's Army!"
After Xing Tiansu finished speaking, he actually bowed deeply to Luo Zheng.
Luo Zheng immediately jumped to the side like a frightened rabbit when the Emperor's Army's Commander-in-Chief bowed to him. "Xing, Xing Tiansu, how can I, Luo Zheng, receive such a great bow from you?"
"In ancient times, Yan Lianjun prostrated himself on all fours in order to save a life. You helped our Emperor's Army win the battle and indirectly saved millions of lives. You deserve this bow!" Xing Tiansu said solemnly.
Yan Lianjun was a virtuous gentleman in ancient times. It was said that when he was in dire straits, he walked by a river and saw a beggar saving a person from the river. At that time, Yan Lianjun was in dire straits and had nothing to give the beggar, so he prostrated himself on all fours and bowed to him!
Since Xing Tiansu mentioned this story, Luo Zheng couldn't refuse.
"Brother Luo Zheng, you're not a member of our enemy's army, so we can't reward you based on your military merits. Therefore, on behalf of the Emperor's Army, I'll reward you with three treasures. You can enter our Emperor's Army's treasury and choose any three treasures!" Xing Tiansu announced.
"Three treasures!"
"Choose any!"
The eyes of the Divine Reflection Realm powerhouses lit up.
White Emperor City had been guarding this place for so many years and had accumulated a lot of treasures. All the high-level treasures were stored in the Emperor's Army's treasury in White Emperor City.
The treasures in the Emperor's Army's treasury were used as rewards for military merits. The conditions for receiving treasures were very strict, and under normal circumstances, one was not allowed to choose freely!
This time, Luo Zheng could enter the treasury and choose treasures by himself. Thinking of the treasures accumulated in the Emperor's Army's treasury for so many years, the Divine Reflection Realm powerhouses were envious.
After the meeting in the Governor's Mansion, Xing Tiansu led Luo Zheng to the Emperor's Army's treasury.
The Emperor's Army's treasury was hidden deep underground. Luo Zheng followed Xing Tiansu into a long underground tunnel and opened a stone door. Then Xing Tiansu reached out and lit a candle, illuminating the entire treasury.
Under the illumination of the candle, the entire treasury emitted a golden glow.
＝＝＝＝＝

Chapter 128
Although the White Emperor City's savings over the years could not be compared to the Blue Cloud Sect and the Burning Sky Palace, it was still much better than the Seven Noble Families.
All kinds of Spiritual Weapons and treasures were casually inlaid in wooden frames on the walls, as if they were not rare in this place.
Since he could choose three treasures, Luo Zheng did not refuse.
He was not very interested in Spiritual Weapons at the moment. He still had a lot of Heaven Evolution Solution in his hands. It would be easy for Luo Zheng to sell the solution and get Spiritual Weapons.
Therefore, Luo Zheng's gaze swept across the top row and did not stop at the Spiritual Weapons.
Xing Tiansu was also very surprised. Although Spiritual Weapons were nothing in the eyes of Divine Reflection Realm experts, with Luo Zheng's status, he should be very interested in Spiritual Weapons. Seeing Luo Zheng's calm appearance, Xing Tiansu felt strange.
Therefore, Xing Tiansu pointed to a pair of treasured swords and said, "This pair of treasured swords is called the Deadly Double Ring Swords. They are two upper-grade Spiritual Weapons. If you choose it, it will be a treasure. It will definitely be worth it!"
Luo Zheng nodded but did not reply. He still wanted to see other things.
Seeing that Luo Zheng was not very interested in Spiritual Weapons, Xing Tiansu could only follow Luo Zheng and continue walking forward.
After walking for a while in the Imperial Army's treasury, Luo Zheng suddenly stopped. His eyes were fixed on a wall not far away.
There were three treasures hanging on these walls. Although these three treasures exuded an extraordinary aura, they were all incomplete.
The first was a saber. It was an emerald green saber that seemed to be made of jasper. Unfortunately, the tip and hilt of the saber had completely disappeared, leaving only the middle of the saber.
What attracted Luo Zheng was not the saber itself, but the purple crystal embedded in the middle of the saber. There was a circle of runes around the purple crystal.
Luo Zheng had just seen these runes today. After the second spiritual inscription had appeared on his body, his body was now equivalent to a mid-grade Spiritual Weapon. Two runes had appeared on his arms. These two runes were very similar to the runes on the saber!
Luo Zheng frowned as he looked at the three broken weapons and thought quietly.
Now that he thought about it, the rune on his arm should be a rune for embedding!
Luo Zheng had felt that the runes on his arms were very familiar, but he could not remember where he had seen them before.
In fact, both Xie Lang's Weapon Refining Secret Manual and Che Daozi's Weapon Refining Secret Manual had mentioned that these runes were for embedding crystals.
Because these runes had never appeared on a human body, Luo Zheng had not thought of them for a while. However, Luo Zheng had suddenly discovered these runes on these broken weapons and understood almost instantly.
In other words, Luo Zheng's body was like those Spiritual Weapons that could be used for embedding crystals!
"What? Don't tell me you've taken a fancy to these things? " Xing Tiansu smiled. "These broken weapons used to be the weapons of Divine Reflection Realm powerhouses. This saber is called the Jade Butterfly. It used to be the saber of the jade-faced scholar. It was also a high-grade Spiritual Weapon. Unfortunately, the Jade Butterfly was destroyed by a Demon King during a battle with the Demon Race. The entire saber was completely broken, and only the blade remained. This blade is worthless now. The only thing of value is probably the Soaring Phoenix Crystal on the blade."
"Can this Soaring Phoenix Crystal be used for embedding?" Luo Zheng asked.
"Of course it can. The reason why the Jade Butterfly is so powerful is because of this Soaring Phoenix Crystal! I remember that when the jade-faced scholar used this saber, he could slash hundreds of times in the blink of an eye! Its astonishing speed was due to the effect of the Soaring Phoenix Crystal, "Xing Tiansu explained." That's why we kept the blade. "
Luo Zheng nodded and pointed at the blade. "I'll choose this as the first treasure."
"Oh? Luo Zheng, you're also proficient in the Weapon Refining Secret Manual? " According to Xing Tiansu's understanding, only Weapon Refiners would be interested in these crystals. Could it be that Luo Zheng really knew how to refine weapons? Could he refine the Soaring Phoenix Crystal into weapons?
"Weapon Refining Secret Manual?" Luo Zheng shook his head. Because of the 《Weapon Refining Secret Manual》, Luo Zheng did have a preliminary grasp of the Weapon Refining Secret Manual. However, he had not tried it himself, so he was far from being proficient in it.
Although Xing Tiansu felt strange, he still nodded. "Since Luo Zheng chose this blade as the first treasure, then it's yours."
These broken spiritual weapons had been hanging here for quite some time. After all, most of the people who could enter the Di Army's Treasure House were from the Di Army. Although there were Weapon Refiners in the Di Army, Weapon Refiners often did not go to the battlefield to kill the enemy. Therefore, they rarely had the opportunity to make outstanding military achievements and be qualified to enter the Di Army's Treasure House to choose rewards.
Therefore, very few people would choose these crystals as rewards. In contrast, those Upper Grade Spiritual Weapons were ready-made things that were more suitable for them.
"What about the one next to it?" Luo Zheng asked.
Next to the butterfly blade, there was also a broken weapon hanging. It was a crimson long spear. This long spear had been broken into several pieces. In the middle of the spear tip, there was a crimson crystal.
Even at this moment, the crimson crystal was still emitting a faint red light. The light was like a beating heart, sometimes bright and sometimes dark.
"This long spear is called 'Piercing Mountain'. It's also an Upper Grade Spiritual Weapon. The crystal inlaid on the spear tip is a 'Blood Jade Crystal'. When the Piercing Mountain is combined with the Blood Jade, it has the strongest penetrating effect. It's especially effective against those Bounded Domains," Xing Tiansu explained patiently.
"Against Bounded Domains?" Luo Zheng's mind moved. He was afraid of Yun Luo's transparent Bounded Domain. Although he also understood that even if he had a weapon like the Piercing Mountain, he might not be able to break Yun Luo's transparent Bounded Domain. However, if he encountered other Bounded Domains in the future, this was also a way to deal with them.
Xing Tiansu nodded and said, "That's right. The Blood Jade Crystal's power is very strong. This Piercing Mountain was destroyed in the hands of the Divine Seal Demon King. At that time, the Divine Seal Demon King was proficient in the power of Bounded Domains. At that time, all the Divine Seal Demon King in White Emperor City were helpless against the Divine Seal Demon King. They relied on the Blood Jade Crystal to destroy the Divine Seal Demon King's Bounded Domain and finally defeated the Divine Seal Demon King. Unfortunately, this Piercing Mountain was also destroyed …"
Looking at the broken Mountain Piercing Spear, Luo Zheng could imagine the intensity of the battle back then.
"This, I want it too!" Luo Zheng pointed at the Piercing Mountain and said.
"No problem! I'll take it out for you later. "Xing Tiansu smiled and said," There's still one crystal left. Do you want it? "
Luo Zheng glanced at the remaining axe and shook his head. Although the crystal on the axe also gave off an attractive luster, Luo Zheng only had two runes on his arm and could only inlay two crystals. More crystals would not be of much use to him.
Luo Zheng, who had obtained two crystals, continued to walk downwards.
The richness of the treasures in the Imperial Army's Treasury was far beyond Luo Zheng's imagination. In addition to various weapons, there were various defensive magic weapons, jade talismans, hidden weapons, elixirs, and so on …
Almost everything was there.
And each of them was very useful. Luo Zheng was almost dazzled.
Unfortunately, Luo Zheng only had one last chance. If it weren't for the fact that the two crystals he picked were very useful to Luo Zheng, he would have returned one of them.
Luo Zheng searched for a long time and finally fixed his eyes on an inconspicuous small box. It was a box for elixirs. Luo Zheng fixed his eyes on it and read the words on the small box, "Seven Treasures Nirvana Elixir!"
Luo Zheng showed a cautious expression and asked, "Is this the Level Six elixir refined by the legendary alchemist, Taoist Zi, the Seven Treasures Nirvana Elixir?"
Seeing Luo Zheng choose this elixir among so many other elixirs, Xing Tiansu's face showed a wry smile. This guy's vision was really sharp. Although there were many treasures in the Imperial Army's Treasury, there were only a few dozen of them that were really valuable, and this Seven Treasures Nirvana Elixir was one of them.
If this Seven Treasures Nirvana Pill was consumed, it would first heal one's injuries. No matter how serious the injuries were, as long as one was still breathing, one could consume this pill. In an instant, all injuries would be healed. Furthermore, it could also nourish one's soul. Even if one's soul was damaged, this Seven Treasures Nirvana Pill would be able to heal it.
At the same time, this Seven Treasures Nirvana Elixir could also raise the strength of the person who took it by three levels. For example, after taking this elixir, the strength of a warrior of Xiantian Fifth Stage would be greatly improved in the next three days, and he would become a warrior of Xiantian Eighth Stage.
This Seven Treasures Nirvana Elixir was so magical, but it had a fatal flaw, that was, it could only be used by practitioners below Divine Reflection Realm. It was useless for Divine Reflection Realm warriors like Xing Tiansu.
Even so, it was enough to attract the covetous eyes of the various landowning clans.
In order to cultivate their elite disciples, many large clans would bestow a large number of life-saving treasures.
And the Seven Treasures Nirvana Elixir was undoubtedly the best elixir. After swallowing it, not only would it heal all injuries, but it would also increase one's strength for a short time.
Unfortunately, Daoist Zi, who had refined the Seven Treasures Nirvana Elixir, had passed away at a young age. He had only lived for 43 years. Compared to a warrior's lifespan of several hundred years, Che Daozi could be considered extremely short-lived. Therefore, he hadn't left behind many Seven Treasures Nirvana Elixirs.
Moreover, every Seven Treasures Nirvana Elixir used was one less. Gradually, Seven Treasures Nirvana Elixir became rarer and rarer on the market. In the beginning, the price of this elixir wasn't too outrageous, but as time passed, the price soared higher and higher. Finally, a single elixir could be sold for hundreds of thousands of cubes of crystal stones! This already far exceeded the purchasing power of Xiantian life forms.
However, the people who bought these Seven Treasures Nirvana Elixirs were basically the elders of their clans. They bought them to bestow upon the elites of the younger generation.
As the saying went, those who bought it didn't eat it, and those who ate it didn't buy it. This meant that the Seven Treasures Nirvana Elixir was extremely valuable.
"This Seven Treasures Nirvana Elixir will be my third selection." Luo Zheng nodded in satisfaction.
In truth, Xing Tiansu had already prepared to give this Seven Treasures Nirvana Elixir to one of his descendants. As long as that descendant made a name for himself in the Imperial Army, he could rightfully bestow this elixir to that descendant.

Chapter 129
Generally speaking, among the treasures Luo Zheng chose, the most valuable one was the Seven Treasures Nirvana Pill. The value of the other two incomplete high-grade spiritual weapons was relatively low.
The only valuable things in the two incomplete high-grade spiritual weapons were the Phoenix Soaring Crystal and the Blood Jade Crystal.
These two crystals might not be of much use to outsiders, but to Luo Zheng, they were very useful.
After leaving the Emperor Army's treasury, someone specially arranged a large house for Luo Zheng as a temporary residence. After the Demon Clan retreated, the Emperor Army continued to send out small teams to clean up the surrounding forces of the Demon Clan. Therefore, Luo Zheng planned to leave White Emperor City in two days.
Luo Zheng was satisfied with the large house, but he was not satisfied with the location of the house. It was located next to Yun Luo's house.
However, Yun Luo's life was basically two places. Presumably, if he did not provoke her, she would not use the boundary to lock him up again …
After entering the house, Luo Zheng took a bath to wash away the filth of the past few days. He found a slightly hidden corner in the room and sat down. Then, he took out the broken Jade Butterfly from his Sumeru Ring.
Ordinary high-grade spiritual weapons were not inlaid with crystals. Generally speaking, high-grade spiritual weapons with crystals were as powerful as ordinary immortal weapons!
This Jade Butterfly was a good weapon, but unfortunately, it had been damaged to this extent.
"First, I'll take the Phoenix Soaring Crystal!" Thinking of this, Luo Zheng reached out to take the Phoenix Soaring Crystal, but it did not budge. He wanted to exert more strength, but he was afraid that he would break the Phoenix Soaring Crystal.
This Phoenix Soaring Crystal could not be taken at will. Luo Zheng suddenly remembered that in the Weapon Refining Ancestral Law, there was a small trick about taking back crystals. Luo Zheng hurriedly took out the Weapon Refining Ancestral Law from his Sumeru Ring and flipped to that page based on his memory.
In addition to the secret in the Weapon Refining Ancestral Law, it also recorded some very practical tricks of Che Daozi during his lifetime. They were all summaries of Che Daozi's skills over a hundred years.
On this page of the 《Weapon Refining Ancestral Arts》, there was a record of how to remove the crystals embedded in the magical equipment.
After reading it word by word, Luo Zheng's face turned gloomy. "It turns out that if I want to take out the crystal stone, I have to use my Natal Real Fire. This is going to be a bit troublesome."
Luo Zheng was currently practicing two kinds of martial arts. Whether it was the 《Red Sandalwood Fist》 or the 《Demonic God Fist》, the True Qi produced by them was not True Fire. If he really wanted to take the crystal stone, he would have to practice a True Fire secret manual. Obviously, he did not have this condition right now.
Luo Zheng, who was holding the Weapon Refining Ancestral Techniques, was stunned for a while. Then, his frowning eyebrows suddenly relaxed. Since it could be used as long as it was a genuine fire, could the black fire in the huge furnace in Luo Zheng's mind work?
The black fire was able to extract the Heaven's Divination Essence from the spiritual weapon. From this point of view, it was obvious that it could take on the role of the True Fire.
The only trouble was that the black fire was too powerful. Almost nothing could withstand its burning and smelting. If he was not careful, the Phoenix Soaring Crystal would be burned by the black fire.
After thinking for a while, Luo Zheng decided to take the risk.
Then, Luo Zheng closed his eyes and began to communicate with the huge furnace in his mind.
"Whoosh!"
After a while, the wisp of black fire rushed out from between Luo Zheng's eyebrows. It hovered in the air for a while and let out a happy chirp. Probably because it found the two broken upper grade spiritual weapons in front of it, it rushed directly toward them.
Luo Zheng's face suddenly changed. He reached out and grabbed the two broken Spiritual Weapons in his hands, avoiding the attack of the black fire.
"Wait, these are not for you to smelt!"
The black fire had its own intelligence. When Luo Zheng said this, it actually hovered in the air and twisted left and right, as if it did not understand Luo Zheng's meaning.
Seeing the black fire act like a child, Luo Zheng smiled. He suddenly thought of the long spear named "Piercing Mountain". Only the spearhead was inlaid with crystals. The spear shaft was not important to Luo Zheng.
Thus, Luo Zheng took a few parts of the spear shaft and handed them to the black fire.
Seeing this, the black fire immediately circled and swallowed the spear shaft in Luo Zheng's hand.
The spear shaft seemed to be made of a very strong metal. It was very heavy and very hard. However, in front of the black fire, it was like a candle. It was melted in an instant. Then, drops of Heaven's Divination Essence appeared behind the black fire.
Seeing the Heaven's Divination Essence, Luo Zheng blinked and revealed a shocked expression.
No wonder it was an upper-grade Spiritual Weapon. Just the spear shaft alone was able to produce so much Heaven's Divination Essence!
Luo Zheng casually counted. After swallowing the spear shaft, there were actually more than 40 drops of Heaven's Divination Essence. This amount was much more than an upper-grade Xuan Weapon.
Actually, this was understandable. After all, an upper-grade Xuan Weapon could produce a lot of Heaven's Divination Essence. The higher the grade of the weapon, the more Heaven's Divination Essence it contained. Fortunately, this spear had been damaged for many years. If it was an undamaged upper-grade Spiritual Weapon, wouldn't it be able to produce hundreds of drops of Heaven's Divination Essence?
After the black fire brought the Heaven's Divination Essence into his mind and lit up the nine dragon scales, Luo Zheng summoned it again.
Luo Zheng did not do this to light up the dragon scales. His purpose was to use the black fire to remove the gem on the weapon.
However, the black fire had its own intelligence and was not completely under Luo Zheng's control. Therefore, this process was destined to be troublesome.
"Alright, I've already rewarded you just now. Now you have to do what I say obediently!" Luo Zheng raised the Jade Butterfly blade and pointed at the runes on it. He said to the black fire, "Activate these runes so that I can remove this Phoenix Soaring Crystal. After removing it, the entire blade will belong to you!"
To be on the safe side, Luo Zheng repeated what he said to Black Fire, as if he was teaching a three-year-old child.
After he finished speaking, Luo Zheng presented the Jade Butterfly to the black fire. However, just as Luo Zheng raised it, the black fire made a "chirp" sound again. This time, it actually charged directly at the Phoenix Soaring Crystal.
Seeing this, Luo Zheng hurriedly moved the Jade Butterfly blade away …
"It's really a bit troublesome. This guy doesn't know how to be obedient at all." Looking at the black fire, Luo Zheng felt a terrible headache. Sure enough, things that did not completely belong to him were unreliable. Although the black fire and the huge furnace lived in the depths of his mind, he could not completely control them.
However, giving up after only two experiments was definitely not Luo Zheng's personality.
In any case, Luo Zheng still had a lot of time. At least, he could teach this "little guy" his intentions.
This teaching took no less than two hours. The black fire was not too stupid and understood Luo Zheng's intention. Luo Zheng wanted it to enter the runes.
The moment the black fire entered the runes, the runes on the Jade Butterfly blade lit up. However, the light was a kind of dark green light.
The outermost runes rotated twice to the left while the inner runes rotated once to the right. Luo Zheng saw the Phoenix Soaring Crystal in the center of the runes shake.
Seeing this, Luo Zheng gently shook the blade.
"Clatter!"
The Phoenix Soaring Crystal on the blade fell to the ground.
"I finally took it out!"
Luo Zheng smiled slightly. After the black fire came out of the runes, he casually threw the blade into the air. The black fire was like a puppy that quickly rushed toward the blade in midair and swallowed it, leaving only drops of Sky Evolution essence.
After the Phoenix Soaring Crystal was taken out of the runes, it lost its original color and light. Luo Zheng took it down and examined it carefully. "Now I have to think about how to inlay it into my arm."
Thinking about how to inlay a crystal deep into his body, Luo Zheng still felt a chill.
Although Luo Zheng's body was fundamentally different from a human's body and he was considered a human-shaped spiritual weapon, it still felt very strange to inlay such a foreign object into his arm.
However, he had no reason to refuse when he thought about the power this gem would give him after inlaying it.
Furthermore, if he wanted to inlay the gem, he had to activate the runes on his arm. Activating the runes required the black fire. Although the black fire came in and out of his head and did not cause him any harm, the black fire was so powerful that it could burn his arm if he was not careful …

Chapter 130
Thank you for your gifts. I hope you can help me send flowers. If you have a monthly vote, please leave a comment and give me a score. Thank you!
Thinking of this, Luo Zheng clenched his teeth and extended his arm towards the Black Fire, indicating for it to drill into the rune on his arm.
With the previous training, the Black Fire had become smarter. After discovering the rune on Luo Zheng's arm, it drilled into it.
When it drilled into the rune, Luo Zheng's arm trembled slightly. Then, he felt a gentle warmth coming from his arm. The Black Fire, which had supreme power, actually only brought some warmth to Luo Zheng!
Since the Black Fire wouldn't hurt him, Luo Zheng was relieved.
Soon, the rune on his arm began to rotate slowly. When the inner and outer runes rotated, the center of the rune flickered with light.
Taking advantage of this opportunity, Luo Zheng grabbed the Soaring Phoenix Crystal with his left hand and stuffed it into the center of the rune.
"Buzz buzz!"
After a flash of light, the entire rune returned to normal. The center of the rune was still empty. Even the Soaring Phoenix Crystal had disappeared.
Luo Zheng was slightly surprised. He touched the skin with his hand. When Luo Zheng pressed down, he touched a hard object. It should be the Soaring Phoenix Crystal. The Soaring Phoenix Crystal had actually drilled deep into his arm!
After the Black Fire came out of the rune, Luo Zheng stood up and tried to wave his right arm.
"This Soaring Phoenix Crystal can greatly increase my speed. Let me try it now!" This room had all the necessary facilities, and Luo Zheng quickly found a stone man that he could use to practice his fists.
Facing the stone man, Luo Zheng quietly assumed a fighting stance. He took a deep breath and then suddenly waved his fist.
"Bang bang bang bang bang …"
In the blink of an eye, Luo Zheng actually punched 20 times in one breath, leaving 20 deep fist marks on the stone man's body.
When Luo Zheng stopped, he felt his right hand trembling. He didn't expect his right hand to be so agile!
When fighting against strong people, speed was a very important ability. For example, when facing the Demon King, he might be killed by the Demon King before he could react. This was also the reason why Luo Zheng chose the Soaring Phoenix Crystal to make up for his shortcomings.
After the Soaring Phoenix Crystal was inlaid, Luo Zheng looked at the remaining Blood Jade Crystal. According to Xing Tiansu, this Blood Jade Crystal had a special effect of destroying barriers. With Luo Zheng's strength, he couldn't do anything when encountering those barriers.... Luo Zheng still had one slot...........
Next, he did the same thing and removed the "Blood Jade Crystal" from the tip of the spear and mounted it on his arm.
Unlike the Soaring Phoenix Crystal, the Blood Jade Crystal didn't have any special feeling after being inlaid on his hand. After all, it was a crystal that was specially designed to destroy barriers …
After dealing with these two crystals, Luo Zheng went back to his corner and closed his eyes to rest.
The soldiers of White Emperor City were very busy these days. Not only did they have to rebuild the houses and defense facilities destroyed by the Demon Race, but they also had to screen all the people in the city!
Those Demon Generals could devour the flesh and blood of humans, leaving their outer skin. Then, they would enter the skin and disguise themselves as humans to spy for information. Therefore, everyone could be a Demon General in disguise.
"Bang bang bang!"
Someone knocked on the door of Luo Zheng's room.
After opening the door, there were a few soldiers outside the door, carrying a "Divine Reflection Mirror".
The leader of the soldiers was very respectful. Although he didn't know Luo Zheng and didn't know about Luo Zheng's achievements, those who could live in this area were basically big shots in the Emperor's Army.
"Sir, we're going to conduct a city-wide inspection. You just need to stand here!" the soldier said after saluting to Luo Zheng.
Luo Zheng nodded and stood on the steps. The soldiers raised the Demon-revealing Mirror and shone it on Luo Zheng.
After finding nothing strange, the leader of the soldiers respectfully apologized to Luo Zheng. Then they moved to the room next to Luo Zheng's, which was Yun Luo's residence.
The soldiers knocked on the door of Yun Luo's residence, but there was no response from inside.
The leader of the soldiers said, "Keep knocking. There should be someone inside."
After knocking for a while, the door was opened. Yun Luo walked out of the door and asked expressionlessly, "What's the matter?"
These soldiers didn't know Luo Zheng, but they knew Yun Luo. "Lady, Lady Yun Luo, we're going to conduct an inspection. Please cooperate with us …"
Yun Luo had changed back to the nine-colored dress today. Standing on a small wooden step, she stood at the door, shook her head calmly and asked, "What kind of inspection is this? Why should I cooperate with you? "
"This, this … Because the Demon General may be lurking here, so we have to use the Demon-revealing Mirror to check." Who hadn't heard of the Slaughter Girl? Although Yun Luo's face was expressionless, the faint power she exuded frightened the soldiers.
"There's no need to check. I'm not possessed by the Demon General." After saying that, Yun Luo turned to go back into the room.
"Lady Yun Luo, the order from above is to check everyone, even the Commander-in-Chief. Well … you'd better cooperate." Although they were all afraid of Yun Luo, they had to obey the military order.
Yun Luo didn't listen to these soldiers at all and still turned to go in. At this time, Luo Zheng stepped forward and said, "These soldiers are loyal to their duty. As an important member of the White Emperor City's defense, you should cooperate with them. Why do you have to make things difficult for them?"
Seeing Luo Zheng speak for them, the soldiers showed grateful expressions on their faces, but they were also anxious in their hearts. After all, if they really annoyed a big shot like Yun Luo, it would be a big trouble.
Hearing Luo Zheng's words, Yun Luo suddenly turned around again. The hem of her dress was slightly raised, revealing her straight calves inside. She stared at Luo Zheng and asked, "What does it have to do with you?"
Luo Zheng smiled and said, "Of course it has nothing to do with me. I just think that if I do what's convenient for others, it'll be convenient for me in the future. I understand this principle!"
Yun Luo's white pupils stared at Luo Zheng, her face still expressionless. Suddenly, her fingers shook, and a transparent boundary covered Luo Zheng!
"I'm going to do it now!" Luo Zheng raised his eyebrows and hurriedly retreated.
Luo Zheng knew that this woman was unreasonable, but he didn't expect her to be so unreasonable. He just said a few words to help her, and she was going to attack him!
When the soldiers saw this, they could only stand aside and pray to Luo Zheng in their hearts. They couldn't do anything but stand aside and pray to Luo Zheng …
Luo Zheng retreated very fast, but in Yun Luo's eyes, his speed was extremely slow.
When the transparent boundary covered Luo Zheng, several transparent boundaries appeared around Luo Zheng at the same time and surrounded Luo Zheng.
Seeing that Luo Zheng was about to be surrounded by these boundaries, he suddenly raised his left hand. A blood-red light suddenly flashed on his arm, and then he fiercely smashed it towards the transparent boundary in front of him.
When Luo Zheng's fist hit the transparent boundary, the huge force in Luo Zheng's body had almost no effect on the boundary, just like before. But at this moment, he felt a strange red energy emerge from his left arm. That red energy flowed through Luo Zheng's left arm and poured into the transparent boundary in front of him.
After the red energy touched the transparent barrier, it stuck to it tightly, forming the shape of a small red spider web.
Luo Zheng's face lit up with joy. He waved his fist again and smashed the red spider web.
"Crack!"
At this time, a cracking sound came from the transparent boundary. The red spider web instantly spread over the entire transparent boundary, and a cracking sound came from it.
The enchantment that was originally indestructible for Luo Zheng was actually shattered by Luo Zheng's punch just like that!
"Ah!"
The soldiers who were watching the battle from the side all had shocked expressions on their faces.
Although these soldiers were weak, they were very clear about Yun Luo's strength. She was a Divine Realm warrior! She was good at using boundaries. Except for the Demon King, very few people could break her boundaries.
The young man in front of them could live here, so he must not be an ordinary person. But his strength was right there. He was only a half-step to the Xiantian realm. Originally, they were worried that this young man would suffer a great loss in the hands of Yun Luo. How could he break Yun Luo's boundary with one punch?
They couldn't figure it out no matter what.
Even Yun Luo's white eyes, which were always expressionless, flashed with a touch of surprise.
"You, how did you do it?" Yun Luo asked coldly.
Luo Zheng waved his hand and said with a smile, "No comment. You want to lock me up? No way! "
"That red energy, if I remember correctly, should be the effect of the blood jade crystal. Why did it appear on your fist?" Although Yun Luo's face was expressionless, it could be heard from her voice that she was indeed curious. It was not easy to arouse Yun Luo's curiosity.
"Still no comment! I suggest you cooperate with the inspection of these little brothers! "Luo Zheng stood with his hands behind his back and stared at Yun Luo.
"Really? Then let's see if you can really block my boundary! "After saying that, Yun Luo stretched out her slender fingers and flicked them toward Luo Zheng.
Swish! Swish!
Swish! Dense transparent boundaries appeared one by one and rushed toward Luo Zheng crazily.
"Then let's try it!"
Luo Zheng's desire to fight was also aroused at this time. He also wanted to take this opportunity to see how much the two magical crystals could improve him!
"Boom!"
Facing Yun Luo's boundary, Luo Zheng took the lead and used the power of the blood jade crystal to smash a red mark on the transparent boundary.
Luo Zheng had already understood that this red energy should be the natural enemy of those boundaries. As long as the transparent boundary was contaminated with the energy of the blood jade crystal, the entire transparent boundary would become extremely unstable.
When Luo Zheng's left fist destroyed the stability of the transparent boundary, Luo Zheng raised his right fist and used the characteristics of the Phoenix Xiang crystal to punch dozens of times in an instant, completely destroying the transparent boundary.
Although Yun Luo's boundary summoning speed was extremely fast, under Luo Zheng's continuous attacks, the transparent boundaries were broken one by one by Luo Zheng!
Clang! Clang! Clang!
Every time a sound rang out, a transparent boundary would be broken by Luo Zheng.
Seeing that her boundary had completely lost its effect on Luo Zheng, Yun Luo's white pupils flashed slightly, and an astonishing aura emanated from her body.
Then, a circle of enchantments appeared around Luo Zheng. These enchantments were completely different from the transparent ones from before. They were blood-red in color. It was the Blood Enchantment Enchantment that was used to trap the Demon King!
＝＝＝＝＝

Chapter 131
The Blood Prison Spirit Formation was an extremely powerful spirit formation.
Even the Black Iron Fey King had to spend a lot of effort to break the Blood Prison Barrier.
A barrier of this level could be used to deal with Divine Illumination Realm experts.
If it had been someone else, they would have stopped after realizing that their ordinary barrier couldn't trap Luo Zheng.
However, Yun Luo's personality was different from ordinary people. Seeing that Luo Zheng had broken her barrier so easily, she didn't hesitate to use the Blood Prison Barrier.
Yun Luo's nine-colored dress swayed gently. She stood on her small wooden clogs and leaned against the edge of the Blood Prison Barrier with a faint smile on her face. She asked Luo Zheng, "Now, can you still break this barrier?"
Luo Zheng stood in the center of the Blood Prison Barrier. He could feel the blood Qi emitting from the barrier. His eyes were fixed on Yun Luo's face. He suddenly revealed his white teeth and said to Yun Luo, "I thought you didn't know how to smile. I didn't expect you to look so good when you smile."
Yun Luo's white eyes blinked. She flipped her lily-white hand, and streams of blood Qi rolled toward Luo Zheng from the Blood Prison Barrier.
This blood Qi could disturb people's minds and make them go crazy.
If one's soul wasn't strong enough, it could even cause people inside the Blood Prison Barrier to kill each other.
Luo Zheng felt his body heat up. Traces of blood fiendish Qi entered his mind. It seemed to want to affect his soul, causing him to become excited.
However, Luo Zheng closed his eyes and entered a state of selflessness. When he opened his eyes again, they were clear. The blood Qi's influence on Luo Zheng was negligible.
"I might be able to break through this Blood Prison Barrier!"
Luo Zheng walked to the edge of the Blood Prison Barrier, waved his left arm, and punched the barrier.
"Pop!"
The power of the blood jade crystal in his left arm gushed out and poured into the Blood Prison Barrier.
The blood jade crystal did have the miraculous effect of restraining barriers. However, the Blood Prison Barrier itself was very special. When the energy of the blood jade crystal formed a spider web, the blood Qi in the Blood Prison Barrier began to frantically devour the energy of the blood jade crystal.
Luo Zheng didn't even have the time to expand the gap in the Blood Prison Barrier before the Blood Demon Qi completely swallowed up the energy.
A faint smile appeared on Yun Luo's face again. "Why don't you break the Blood Prison Barrier for me to see?"
In the face of Yun Luo's provocation, Luo Zheng narrowed his eyes slightly. The Blood Prison Barrier was much stronger than the transparent barrier. Moreover, it could repair itself automatically. With his current strength, it would be difficult to break it easily.
This barrier is also formed by condensing Zhen Yuan. As long as it is Zhen Yuan, the Heavenly Devil Zhen Yuan in my body should be able to devour it. However, the Heavenly Devil Zhen Yuan in my body seemed to have no effect on the barrier. Luo Zheng silently analyzed in his heart. It was true that the barrier couldn't be broken from the outside, but what about the Heavenly Devil Zhen Yuan inside the barrier?
Luo Zheng could use the blood jade crystal to open a small crack in the barrier and pour the Heavenly Devil Zhen Yuan in at the same time!
Whether this method would work or not, Luo Zheng didn't know. However, he had to give it a try!
Thinking of this, Luo Zheng's body suddenly relaxed. He even stretched and said with a smile, "Why should I break this barrier? It's not bad to keep it locked up like this. If you have the ability, you can keep me locked up in here forever. "
Hearing Luo Zheng's answer, Yun Luo didn't know what to say. She was extremely smart, but her thoughts were extremely simple. She didn't know that Luo Zheng was deliberately provoking her.
Looking at Luo Zheng leisurely stretching in the Blood Prison Barrier, the competitiveness of a little girl finally sprouted in Yun Luo's heart. In fact, she herself didn't know that the expression on her face today might be more rich than in the past few years combined!
"If you give up like this, you're too useless. No matter what, you have to try." Yun Luo leaned against the edge of the barrier and persuaded Luo Zheng in turn.
"I won't try, I won't try. You're a strong man in the Divine Reflection Realm. How can a little half-step Xiantian like me break your barrier?" Luo Zheng shook his head. The expression on his face was extremely serious, but in his heart, he was secretly amused. This Yun Luo was too naive. It was quite interesting to tease her.
Yun Luo shook her head and said, "You haven't tried. How do you know you can't do it?"
"Of course I can't!" Luo Zheng waved his hand.
A touch of disappointment flashed in Yun Luo's eyes. She stood there blankly, thinking about something in her little head. After a while, she suddenly said, "Try your best. If you can really break this barrier, I can consider giving you a reward."
"Oh?" Luo Zheng's face showed a surprised expression. He looked at her pink little face and said, "What reward?"
"Any reward is fine as long as I can do it!" Yun Luo said seriously.
"Is that so?" Luo Zheng raised his eyebrows slightly. He had been waiting for Yun Luo to say this sentence. He didn't expect it to be easier than he had imagined …
Luo Zheng originally felt that teasing the naive Yun Luo like this was a little inappropriate. But on second thought, she had confined herself in such a narrow space for so long. There was no reason for him to be soft-hearted.
"Okay, then I'll try!"
Luo Zheng took two steps forward and came to the edge of the Bloody Prison Barrier. He found a position and began to operate the Heavenly Devil Genuine Qi.
According to the nature of the Heavenly Devil Genuine Qi, he only needed to operate a little bit. As long as the Heavenly Devil Genuine Qi could be swallowed from the inside, the amount of Heavenly Devil Genuine Qi would skyrocket.
Finally, Luo Zheng took a deep breath and punched the Bloody Prison Barrier.
Relying on the red energy of the blood jade crystal, a crack appeared on the barrier. But that crack was quickly repaired by the evil blood aura. However, at this moment, Luo Zheng had injected a wisp of Heavenly Devil Genuine Qi into it!
That wisp of Heavenly Devil Genuine Qi was like a dye thrown into water, quickly spreading out.
When the evil blood aura surrounded the Heavenly Devil Genuine Qi, the Heavenly Devil Genuine Qi resisted and constantly swallowed the evil blood aura.
The spreading speed of the Heavenly Devil Genuine Qi was visible to the naked eye, and it was getting faster and faster. First, a fist-sized black mass appeared in the Bloody Prison Barrier. Then, this small section of the Bloody Prison Barrier turned purplish-black. Finally, the entire Bloody Prison Barrier turned purplish-black.
In other words, the entire Bloody Prison Barrier was now under the control of Luo Zheng!
Luo Zheng casually tapped the Bloody Prison Barrier lightly. "Break!"
The Heavenly Devil Genuine Qi in the Bloody Prison Barrier received Luo Zheng's order and quickly dissipated between heaven and earth. The Bloody Prison Barrier was broken by Luo Zheng just like that.
The several soldiers of the Imperial Army who were watching from the side were so shocked that their eyeballs almost fell out.
The famous Bloody Hell Barrier that had once trapped three ordinary Demon Kings at the same time without breaking was broken by a Half-step to Xiantian brat just like that?
The legend of Yun Luo's Bloody Prison Barrier was very famous in the Imperial Army. During the battle two years ago in the Qiankun Pagodas, Yun Luo summoned the Bloody Prison Barrier to trap three ordinary Demon Kings! Although the three Demon Kings were not as strong as Heavenly Might Demon King and Black Iron Demon King, they were still Demon Kings! And there were three of them!
It was because Yun Luo had tied up the three Monster Kings that the situation had been reversed. After the Divine Reflection Realm powerhouses of the Emperor's Army had killed the famous "Purifying Fire Monster King", they had also killed the three ordinary Monster Kings and severely damaged the Devil Army!
And at that time, besides capturing the three ordinary Fey Kings, Yun Luo had also single-handedly slaughtered more than three thousand Fey Soldiers and Fey Generals. As a result, Yun Luo's nickname of 'Slaughter Maiden' was widely spread throughout White Emperor City. The soldiers who had participated in that battle all clearly remembered Yun Luo's snow-white dress stained with Fey blood. It was strange yet beautiful!
Who was this guy in front of them?
He was wearing the outer disciple robe of the Emerald Cloud Sect, and his strength was only at the Half-step Innate Realm. His strength was similar to that of a centurion in the Imperial Army. No matter how hard the soldiers racked their brains, they couldn't figure out how this kid could break the Blood Prison Barrier!
Did Lady Yun Luo go easy on him?
They quickly denied this idea. Although they could not meet such a big shot as Yun Luo, the legend of Yun Luo was widely spread in the army. With Yun Luo's personality, it was impossible for her to go easy on him!
As the Bloody Prison Barrier dissipated, Luo Zheng walked up to Yun Luo with a smile and said, "Remember what you said. Promise me one thing."
Yun Luo nodded and said, "Of course I remember. Why are you talking nonsense?"
"Well," Luo Zheng suddenly pointed at his face and said, "Kiss me, okay?"
When the soldiers heard Luo Zheng's words, they almost subconsciously rubbed their ears. They wondered if they had heard wrong. Luo Zheng's words seemed to be more powerful than a bolt from the blue. This guy was not only strong, but he was also abnormally bold. He dared to tease Yun Luo!
What's more, a promise from Yun Luo was so valuable that it was almost impossible to measure it with money. This guy actually wasted it!
On the contrary, Yun Luo blinked her eyes and showed a strange expression. "This request seems a little simple. I can do much more than this. I suggest you think about it carefully."
"No need. This is my only request," Luo Zheng said with a smile. After saying that, he even stretched his face out.
Looking at Luo Zheng's appearance, Yun Luo frowned slightly, as if she did not understand. After a while, she stepped on her small wooden clogs and quietly walked to Luo Zheng. She stood on her tiptoes and stretched her small head out …
Luo Zheng felt a gust of fragrant wind. A pair of moist lips pecked his face like a chicken pecking rice, and then quickly parted.
Yun Luo's expression did not change. She did not say much, but turned her head and quickly returned to her room.
Sitting on the futon that she usually used for cultivation, Yun Luo wanted to close her eyes and cultivate, but she always felt a little impatient. With Yun Luo's temperament, it was almost impossible for this to happen.

Chapter 132
Luo Zheng was only a teenager. Asking Yun Luo to kiss him was just a joke.
Thinking that Yun Luo had made a fool of him by locking him in the boundary, he decided to take revenge on her.
He didn't expect Yun Luo to kiss him without any hesitation. For a moment, Luo Zheng was stunned.
The soldiers by the side were also dumbfounded. They didn't expect Yun Luo to agree to this request so easily …
What kind of show was this?
In the following days, Yun Luo almost didn't go out, and Luo Zheng didn't see her again.
For Yun Luo, this was a normal thing. In her life, other than participating in the defense of the city, she spent the rest of her time in her own house, cultivating nonstop.
Before leaving, Luo Zheng packed up his things, took a deep look at her house, and then turned to leave.
The disciples of the Blue Cloud Sect had all left, so they naturally wouldn't send another giant flying chariot to pick up Luo Zheng. Now, Luo Zheng could only go back by himself.
Fortunately, the Demon Clan suffered a crushing defeat this time and lost two Demon Kings. The entire Demon Clan's camp was much more restrained. Moreover, the Emperor's Army in White Emperor City had already wiped out the Demon Clan in the surroundings and Cang Qiong Forest. They were preparing for the next counterattack to take back the Heaven and Earth Pagodas.
These had little to do with Luo Zheng. He wasn't a member of the Emperor's Army, but a disciple of the Blue Cloud Sect.
After leaving White Emperor City, Luo Zheng hurried to the Blue Cloud Sect.
Luo Zheng also gained a lot from this trip to White Emperor City. Not only did he absorb the Heavenly Demon's Sacred Fire to refine his body into a middle-grade spiritual weapon, but he also embedded two crystals in his body. These two crystals made up for Luo Zheng's strength very well.
What made Luo Zheng even happier was that he could feel a slight change in his dantian. After experiencing several high intensity attacks, that warm current was slowly expanding his dantian. Perhaps it was time for him to transform his true essence. Once his true essence was successfully transformed, then Luo Zheng would truly become a Xiantian life form!
At that time, his strength would have a qualitative leap!
With these thoughts in his mind, his footsteps were light as he dashed forward.
Unknowingly, they had passed through the Sky Vault Forest and entered the northernmost county of the Skyblaze Dynasty, Guanghan County.
Compared to the other counties in the Eastern Region, the counties in the north were relatively less prosperous.
Guanghan Prefecture was far inferior to Luo Zheng's hometown, Chongyang Prefecture, not to mention the Burning Heaven Imperial Capital.
However, after running for two days and two nights in the wilderness, Luo Zheng could be considered to have seen a trace of human life. With Luo Zheng's current strength, it wouldn't be difficult for him to run across half of the Skyblaze Dynasty's territory in one breath and return to the Blue Cloud Sect.
However, he didn't have any important responsibilities at the moment, so there was no need for him to do so. Therefore, after entering Guanghan County, Luo Zheng found a restaurant to rest first.
This restaurant called "Golden Moon Restaurant" was considered a luxurious place for ordinary people. Although it couldn't be compared to the Golden Breeze Drizzle Building, it was considered one of the most high-end places in Guanghan County.
After two days and two nights of running, Luo Zheng was covered in dust.
However, the waiter of the Golden Moon Restaurant was quite knowledgeable. He didn't reveal the slightest bit of displeasure because of Luo Zheng's attire. Instead, his attitude was very humble.
In the waiter's eyes, people like Luo Zheng could be considered "Jianghu people". Generally, Jianghu people were extremely extravagant. They heard that these people had a currency called square crystal. A square crystal was more than enough to buy ten Golden Moon Restaurants. Ordinary gold and silver were like dung in their eyes.
Although these rumors were hearsay, the situation was indeed true. Just like Luo Zheng, as long as he casually threw out a square crystal, it was enough to turn an ordinary person into a rich man.
After Luo Zheng sat down, a table of good food was soon brought to the table.
Since he was eating alone, there was no need to be polite. He lowered his head and ate heartily. Like a whirlwind sweeping away clouds, he swept the food on the table.
Probably because Luo Zheng's table manners were too unsightly, the people at the next table whispered to each other. Luo Zheng didn't care. He ate his own food and thought about where to find a fast horse to continue his journey after dinner.
It would be great if he could get a Flying Chariot in Guanghan County, but the possibility was too small. However, in such a large county, it was likely that he could buy a Flying Dragon Horse or a Lightning Chasing Foal. Although they couldn't be as fast as the Flying Chariot, it was faster and more labor-saving. He would ask the waiter about this information later.
While Luo Zheng was eating, a group of people stomped into the restaurant. This group of people made a big fuss and threw two fist-sized gold ingots on the table, making loud banging noises.
"Waiter, good wine and good food, just bring it up!" The leader of the group, a man, sat on a chair and shouted loudly.
When the waiter saw the large gold ingots, his eyes were wide open. He quickly came up and bowed to serve them.
Luo Zheng only looked at them a few times before continuing to eat. However, these people's voices were especially loud. When they spoke, the entire restaurant could hear them clearly.
"Second Brother, are we really not going back to Jade Dragon Valley?" One of the men asked.
"Go back to Jade Dragon Valley? You're not dreaming, are you? Do you know who those people are? Let me tell you, they are people from the seven noble families! If you offend any one of them, they can destroy our Bamboo Leaf Gang with a single finger! "The leader of the group said with a glare.
"Ai, it's a pity. Our Bamboo Leaf Gang has been entrenched in Jade Dragon Valley for so many years, but we were actually chased out. We can only move our nest. Just thinking about it makes me feel vexed!" The man next to him said indignantly.
The leader of the group said again, "So what if we move our nest? In their eyes, we can't even be considered local snakes. They are not strong dragons, but … … Heavenly Dragons!" The man seemed to be unable to find a more suitable metaphor and could only speak without thinking.
"Fortunately, those people are really generous. Afterwards, they rewarded us with a few square crystals. Our fierce lands can be considered settled! We have to find a brothel tonight to have some fun. "Another man took over the conversation and said.
When Luo Zheng heard Jade Dragon Valley, his eyebrows immediately raised.
Luo Zheng was no stranger to the three words' Jade Dragon Valley '. Some time ago, he just happened to see it on the interlayer pages of the 《Weapon Refining Sect Arts》. There were two names recorded on it, and they were Nine Yin Mountain and Jade Dragon Valley!
These two names were not famous, so Luo Zheng was too unfamiliar with them. Moreover, he was busy preparing for the Demon Slaying Trial mission and did not carefully investigate. Now that he heard Jade Dragon Valley, Luo Zheng naturally paid more attention to it.
Listening to the conversation between the men, these people should be from a gang called the "Bamboo Leaf Gang". They were probably not good people and had been entrenched in Jade Dragon Valley all year round. Jade Dragon Valley should be their mountain stronghold.
However, from their tone, it seemed that they were chased out by the seven noble families. Not only that, the seven noble families gave them a few square crystals and sent them away.
Hearing this, Luo Zheng faintly smiled. For 《Weapon Refining Canon》 to be sold at such a price, there must be a great secret inside. Since Luo Zheng had that page, he had no reason to miss out on this secret.
Therefore, after eating and drinking to his heart's content, Luo Zheng put down his bowl and chopsticks and walked towards the group of men.
"Friend, I want to ask you about something," Luo Zheng asked with a smile.
The leader of the men turned his head and asked with his bell-like eyes, "What is it?"
"The Jade Dragon Valley you're talking about, what kind of place is it?" Luo Zheng asked again.
The big man sneered. Their Bamboo Leaf Gang was a commoner in the city, but in the mountains, they were bandits. How could they be willing to talk to ordinary people? Moreover, Luo Zheng looked like an inexperienced youth, so the man waved his hand, "Go play on the side. What kind of place is Jade Dragon Valley? What does it have to do with you?"
Luo Zheng didn't get angry and continued to ask, "Is it Jade Dragon Valley of Nine Yin Mountain?" Luo Zheng remembered the name of the place. Jade Dragon Valley should be located in Nine Yin Mountain.
Who knew that the man's eyes would widen even more, "Didn't you hear what I said? Regardless of whether it's Eight Yin Mountain or Nine Yin Mountain, it's not something you should know. If you don't leave now, you won't be able to leave. Boy, don't say I didn't warn you! "
Just as the man's voice fell, Luo Zheng's eyes narrowed slightly and an astonishing aura suddenly rushed towards the men.
Although these men had some skills and had taken many lives, they were basically at the Skin Refining Realm and Flesh Refining Realm. They were the most basic martial artists. How could they withstand Luo Zheng's aura?
Under Luo Zheng's aura, the faces of the members of the Bamboo Leaf Gang at the table turned pale. Their teeth chattered incessantly, making ear-piercing sounds.
It wasn't until Luo Zheng withdrew his aura that the men's pale faces gradually recovered. However, at this moment, they were still deathly pale and there wasn't the slightest trace of blood on their faces. The Bamboo Leaf Gang finally understood that the person in front of them wasn't to be trifled with!
Luo Zheng lightly tapped his finger and took out a square crystal from his Sumeru Ring. He casually threw it on the table, "Speak, where is Jade Dragon Valley of Nine Yin Mountain?"
The man looked at the square crystal on the table and understood that he had to take it even if he didn't want to. He had to say the location of Jade Dragon Valley even if he didn't want to …
"Nine Yin Mountain … It's not big, it's just a small mountain. Go out of Guanghan County's North Gate and follow the official road for 20 li. Jade Dragon Valley is on the side of Nine Yin Mountain. Climb up Nine Yin Mountain and you'll see a bamboo forest. Go around the bamboo forest and you'll see a deep pool. Behind the deep pool is Jade Dragon Valley!" After all, this was the den of these men. Even in such a tense situation, the man spoke smoothly.
Luo Zheng patted the burly man's shoulder and said, "Very well, this square crystal is yours!"
After speaking, Luo Zheng paid for the meal and went downstairs. He had to make a trip to Jade Dragon Valley.
After Luo Zheng left, the man was paralyzed in his chair. He no longer had the heroic spirit from before. "How can these people be so abnormal!"

Chapter 133
According to the man's words, after leaving the northern gate of Guanghan County, he had to walk twenty li on the official road.
With Luo Zheng's speed, twenty li was nothing more than an instant.
After reaching the twenty li north of Guanghan County, Luo Zheng saw a small path that extended to a small mountain not far away. This mountain should be Nine Yin Mountain.
Just as the man had said, Nine Yin Mountain was only a small mountain and was not famous. This kind of mountain could be found everywhere, and not many people in Guanghan County knew about it.
After climbing to the top of the mountain, he saw a bamboo forest from the side. Following the bamboo forest, he heard the sound of flowing water. It was the sound of several small streams flowing down from the mountain and converging into a pool.
"After crossing this pool, it should be Jade Dragon Valley. I wonder what kind of secret is hidden in this Jade Dragon Valley!"
Luo Zheng followed the edge of the pool and went around it. Suddenly, he heard two shouts in front of him. "Who goes there!"
After the two shouts were heard, he heard two sounds of air being torn apart. Two flying axes were spinning at an extremely high speed and were flying towards his head.
Luo Zheng's face sank. The broken throwing knife jumped into his hand and shot out explosively. It drew an arc in the air and instantly cut the two flying axes in half!
Looking over, he saw two people holding flying axes, one on the left and one on the right. They continued to gesture at Luo Zheng, "We are from the Forbidden City's Yu Family. This is not a place you should be. Quickly retreat!"
"What if I don't retreat?" Luo Zheng sneered. After going to White Emperor City, it had been a while since he experienced the tyranny of the seven noble families!
"Then you are courting death!"
"I'll turn you into a human stick and plant you in the bamboo forest as a warning to others to prevent others from trespassing!"
These two men didn't give Luo Zheng any time to talk nonsense. They rushed towards Luo Zheng with flying axes in their hands. When they were about twenty feet away from Luo Zheng, they instantly threw out four flying axes, aiming at Luo Zheng's limbs. They really wanted to chop off Luo Zheng's limbs and turn him into a human stick!
Although the four axes were thrown at the same time, there was always a first come first serve.
Luo Zheng waved his right hand, and the Soaring Phoenix Crystal in his arm emitted energy. His arm moved at an extremely high speed, leaving behind afterimages!
He actually caught the spinning flying axe with his bare hands!
Not only that, but Luo Zheng also threw the hatchet back at the two men. In a very short period of time, Luo Zheng had caught four hatchet attacks and thrown four more hatchet attacks.
From afar, it looked as if these four flying axes were directly hit back by Luo Zheng. In fact, it was Luo Zheng who caught them one by one and then threw them back.
The Soaring Phoenix Crystal was indeed very useful!
For others, the Soaring Phoenix Crystal could only be embedded into weapons, but for Luo Zheng, it could be used directly on his body!
The two men from the Yu Family of the Forbidden City, who were guarding outside, were shocked when they saw Luo Zheng throw their flying axes back at them. These two brothers were hired guards of the Yu Family. They had been practicing flying axes for decades, so the flying axes they threw out were extremely fast and powerful. Even they didn't dare to catch their own flying axes, but this young boy in front of them easily caught them. What was going on?
Luo Zheng didn't give them a chance to think about this problem. When the flying axes were thrown out, Luo Zheng moved.
While he was moving, Luo Zheng extracted the energy from the Soaring Phoenix Crystal. Through his eight extraordinary meridians, the energy quickly spread throughout his body. Following that, Luo Zheng felt as if his body had become much lighter, as if he only had the weight of a leaf!
Propelled by his own strength, Luo Zheng's figure shot toward the two men like a ghost.
When the two men saw Luo Zheng catch the four flying axes with one hand, they stopped looking down on him and were extremely vigilant against Luo Zheng. When they saw Luo Zheng rushing toward them, his speed suddenly increased, and the two men simultaneously took out two axes from their backs and chopped at Luo Zheng's head.
How could Luo Zheng give them a chance to wave their axes?!
At the same time, Luo Zheng's throwing knife quickly bounced out, leaving a bloody line on one of the men's neck. At the same time, Luo Zheng's body turned, and the broken throwing knife followed Luo Zheng in a circle. The other man's neck happened to be in the circle where the throwing knife went. After the throwing knife swept past, it also left a bloody line!
In an instant, two of the Yu Family's guards were killed!
Luo Zheng put away the broken throwing knife, walked past the two guards' corpses, and continued to walk forward.
Just as the group of burly men had said, this Jade Dragon Valley should be their Bamboo Forest Gang's stronghold. There were all kinds of weapons and wine jars in the valley, and there were even a few wooden houses built to serve as shelters.
After wandering around the Jade Dragon Valley, Luo Zheng found nothing except for the two people at the entrance of the valley!
"Strange, since people from the seven landed gentry clans have come, it's impossible for there to be only two Yu Family guards. Then where did all the other people go? Is there another passage in this Jade Dragon Valley? "Luo Zheng frowned as he looked around. At the same time, he also wandered around the valley.
Finally, Luo Zheng found a lot of messy footprints on the ground of the valley. He raised his head and looked ahead. In front of him, there were only three bamboo trees growing along the walls of the valley. There was no other passage.
And these messy footprints spread along the three bamboos, which was very strange.
Luo Zheng frowned as he looked at the three bamboos. The main roots of these three bamboos were the size of a bowl and had grown for many years. However, the bamboo in the middle wasn't cut off and only half was left. He observed the cut on the bamboo and found that it was obviously cut off by someone new.
After thinking for a while, Luo Zheng reached out to touch the bamboo that was cut off.
The moment he reached out, Luo Zheng found something strange. He found that the bamboo that was cut off was actually an illusion.
"An illusory formation!"
Luo Zheng immediately understood that there should be an illusory formation set up here. Presumably, cutting off the bamboo in the middle was the way to enter the illusory formation.
Although the members of the Bamboo Leaf Gang had occupied this place for many years, no one had tried to cut off the bamboo in the middle. Naturally, they couldn't find out the secret behind it.
Needless to say, the person who cut off the bamboo, opened the illusory formation, and opened the entrance must be someone from the seven noble families.
Luo Zheng was about to step in. After thinking for a while, he took out a mask from his ring. Luo Zheng wasn't afraid of the seven noble families. He only wore the mask to avoid unnecessary trouble. Ever since Luo Zheng left Chongyang County, he understood the importance of family.
Just like when Luo Zheng first provoked Zhuge Hong, he ended up provoking a group of people from his Family Zhuge. It could be imagined that this Family Zhuge would always find trouble with him.
Therefore, wearing the mask was a simple way to avoid trouble.
After putting on the mask, Luo Zheng lifted his leg and followed the footprints into the bamboo forest in front of him.
Luo Zheng was no stranger to illusory formations. After entering the Blue Cloud Sect, Luo Zheng had experienced a lot of illusory formations on the Blood Red Mountain.
The moment he stepped over the three bamboos, Luo Zheng suddenly felt dizzy. The scenery in front of him had changed. Behind the mountain wall was an extremely strange space. Even though Luo Zheng was mentally prepared, he was still shocked!
"Where the hell is this?"
In front of Luo Zheng was a vast forest. If he looked at it from afar, he wouldn't have noticed it. But when he looked closer, every tree in this forest was more than a hundred times bigger than what Luo Zheng had seen in his life!
Looking from afar, Luo Zheng thought it was a blade of grass. But when he looked closer, he found that this blade of grass was like a big tree. As for the real big tree … Luo Zheng stood under its roots. His body was like an ant standing on the thick roots of several hundred feet. Luo Zheng couldn't see the whole picture.
"Is this really an illusory formation?" At this moment, Luo Zheng had a trace of doubt in his heart. If it wasn't an illusory formation, then where was this place? Where could there be such a huge plant?
No matter where it was, this place was definitely not the Eastern Region.
What made Luo Zheng feel even more strange was that he found a huge pink barrier in the sky, covering a hundred miles in all directions. This barrier was probably tens of thousands of feet high and hundreds of miles long. In the end, what kind of almighty person could build such a huge barrier?
The edge of the pink barrier closest to Luo Zheng was behind the entrance.
Luo Zheng slowly approached the pink barrier. From this barrier came a wave of energy that made Luo Zheng's heart palpitate!
"The energy in the blood jade crystal is said to be able to break all barriers. I wonder if it has any effect on this pink barrier?" Luo Zheng's curiosity was aroused.
The traces of energy that escaped from this pink barrier made Luo Zheng feel incomparably dangerous. To be on the safe side, Luo Zheng kept a distance from this barrier. Then, he forced out the energy of the blood jade crystal from his arm and carefully spread it towards this pink barrier.
When the energy of the blood jade crystal came into contact with the pink barrier, a tiny bolt of lightning suddenly shot out from the pink barrier.
"Pata!"
That lightning bolt swallowed up the energy of the blood jade crystal in an instant.
That tiny strand of lightning looked extremely ordinary, but it still caused Luo Zheng to be extremely terrified. It was as if so long as he was struck by this tiny strand of lightning, then he would be doomed eternally and die a graveless death.
Luo Zheng couldn't help but swallow his saliva. So far, no one had ever been able to give him such a big pressure.
What's more, this pink barrier was just an inanimate object. Moreover, the entire barrier had spread so much, yet it could still maintain such power. Could it be that this was a barrier set up by the legendary immortals?
Luo Zheng originally wanted to try his Heavenly Devil Qi, but now he decided to give up. This barrier didn't seem to take the initiative to attack people. If he really attracted the lightning bolt, he was afraid that he would be miserable.
Just as Luo Zheng was about to leave the edge of the barrier, a creature suddenly appeared from outside the barrier.
It was a tiger, a white tiger!
If it was an ordinary tiger, even if there were thousands or tens of thousands of them, Luo Zheng wouldn't be afraid. However, this white tiger was different.
This tiger was actually hundreds of feet tall. In comparison, Luo Zheng's small body was even smaller than an ant in front of this tiger.
＝＝＝＝＝

Chapter 134
When the White Tiger crawled out of the huge forest outside the boundary, it discovered Luo Zheng and slowly crawled towards Luo Zheng. The White Tiger's eyes were as big as a house. After staring at Luo Zheng for a while, it suddenly let out a huge roar.
"Awoo!"
This tiger's roar was deafening.
Under its roar, all kinds of rare and exotic beasts rushed out of the forest behind the White Tiger. Every bird was extremely huge. Even the smallest bird was only several feet in size.
This tiger's roar blew up a strong wind comparable to the most violent tornado!
The huge wind passed through the pink boundary without any hindrance. It rolled Luo Zheng up and fiercely slammed him into a tree not far away.
"Bang!"
The wind pushed Luo Zheng's body. Luo Zheng felt as if he had been punched by a Divine Realm expert. His whole body sunk into the trunk of the tree, tens of meters deep. He couldn't move for a long time.
Luo Zheng was embedded in the tree. His mouth was full of blood, and his face revealed a trace of helplessness. Fortunately, the tree trunk was soft. If he was hit by the White Tiger's roar and hit a rock, with such a great impact, wouldn't he be smashed to death?
What the hell was this place? How could it be so terrifying?
Luo Zheng, who was embedded in the tree trunk, rested for a long time before pulling his body out. Fortunately, his body was extremely hard. If it had been someone else, they would have been turned into a broken corpse by the White Tiger's roar.
After Luo Zheng slowly crawled out of the "tree hole" he had crashed into, he found that the White Tiger hadn't left. Instead, it was resting outside the boundary.
At this moment, as soon as Luo Zheng crawled out of the "tree hole", he immediately attracted the White Tiger's attention.
Seeing this, Luo Zheng quickly shrank back into the tree hole. But this time, the White Tiger didn't continue to roar. Unexpectedly, it wanted to pounce on him.
The White Tiger jumped up and pounced towards the pink barrier. Luo Zheng blinked his eyes. He understood that if the pink barrier couldn't stop the White Tiger, he would definitely die today.
As soon as the tiger came into contact with the pink barrier, it saw the surface of the barrier release a small amount of lightning. These small lightning bolts instantly surrounded the entire white tiger!
In the blink of an eye, the white tiger was dismembered by the white lightning. First, it was its fur, then its flesh and blood, and finally its skeleton. All that was left was a Monster Core that smashed into the ground, creating a large crater!
And this Yao Core was actually the size of a house.
The massive Monster Core exuded a strange luster. Waves of energy pulsed within it, as if it contained a power that Luo Zheng didn't recognize, but it was incomparably powerful!
"If the energy in this Monster Core was released, I'm afraid the entire Eastern Region would be destroyed?"
Looking at the Monster Core outside the barrier, Luo Zheng secretly sighed. He didn't know how much this Monster Core could be sold for in the Eastern Region.
Although the Monster Core was close at hand, he could only look at it enviously.
Not to mention that it was impossible to take away such a massive Monster Core, Luo Zheng's Sumeru Ring definitely couldn't contain it.
Luo Zheng couldn't pass through this pink barrier. If he really wanted to force his way through, the White Tiger's fate was a portrayal of it. There was absolutely no chance for him to survive.
Staring at the massive Monster Core, Luo Zheng could only shake his head and give up. If he wanted to blame someone, he could only blame himself for being too weak.
But on second thought, where exactly was this magical place? Why was there such a huge creature in it?
Fortunately, there was the existence of this pink barrier above his head. If he was not careful and let that White Tiger into the Eastern Region, he was afraid that even the Emperor of the Burning Heaven Palace, or even the Sect Master of the Blue Cloud Sect would not be able to survive, right?
After tidying up his mood, Luo Zheng continued to explore this strange forest. Luo Zheng carefully walked in this huge forest. Walking in this forest that was thousands of feet tall, Luo Zheng felt like an ant, slowly crawling on the ground.
Perhaps because of this pink barrier, there were no other creatures in the barrier except for the huge, lush forest and strong grass.
Thinking about it, if any inconspicuous creature appeared here, even if it was just a bug, Luo Zheng's life would be in danger …
In the middle of this huge forest, there was a road that was hundreds of feet wide. Such a wide road was definitely not for mortals to walk on. Luo Zheng could imagine that this road was built for some kind of unknown giant. If he guessed according to the ratio, Luo Zheng's size was probably only one-thousandth of those giants …
Running along this wide 'forest path', it took Luo Zheng less than an hour to cover a distance of over a hundred miles. Finally, a huge immortal mansion appeared in front of him!
That Immortal Mansion was built luxuriously, with pavilions, terraces, and pagodas. Everywhere revealed an elegant Immortal Qi, emitting a bright and mysterious seven-colored light. It didn't seem like something from the mortal world.
That Immortal Mansion was located in the middle of the pink barrier. From the center of the Immortal Mansion, there was a pink ray of light that continuously shot into the sky. After reaching its peak, it spread out and formed that pink light curtain.
"So such a huge barrier was created by this Immortal Mansion. I wonder who the owner of this Immortal Mansion is? Could it be an Immortal? " Luo Zheng was sixty percent sure of his guess. Only a legendary Immortal could have such means.
Most importantly, what was the message Che Daozi left behind in the "Weapon Refining Ancestral Arts"? What did it have to do with this Immortal Mansion?
Luo Zheng soon arrived at the entrance of the Immortal Mansion.
He looked up and saw that the gate was at least five hundred feet tall. Luo Zheng couldn't imagine how big the owner of this Immortal Mansion was.
The gate of the Holy Realm Dwellers' Mansion was open. Just a small threshold was as high as a three-story building. Luo Zheng walked to the threshold, stepped on the edge of the threshold and leaped up. His whole body had already swung over the threshold like a hawk.
However, as soon as Luo Zheng jumped over the threshold, he saw dozens of people standing at the entrance. Judging from their attire, they all wore the uniforms of the seven landed gentry clans. Obviously, they were all from the seven landed gentry clans.
They looked very nervous and seemed to be paying attention to something. However, when Luo Zheng made such a big commotion, they all looked over at Luo Zheng.
"Huh? How come there's a fish that slipped through the net?"
"Like I said, we should've killed those little bastards from the Bamboo Leaf Gang to prevent them from spreading the news."
"He he, the Huang Family of the Sky Dragon Clan has never done anything underhanded. So what if the whole world knows? Who dares compete with our Huang Family? "
The dozens of people discussed spiritedly. Among them, a long-haired woman glanced at Luo Zheng and said faintly, "Yan Jiu, kill that brat. Cut off his head and hang it in the Jade Dragon Valley as a warning to those reckless people not to rashly barge in."
Yan Jiu, who was mentioned by the long-haired woman, walked out of the crowd after hearing the order. He had a strange smile on his face as he slowly took out a dagger hanging from his waist.
Yan Jiu's dagger was longer than an ordinary dagger. The blade of the dagger was shaped like a snake. As Yan Jiu walked towards Luo Zheng, Quintessential Essence emitted from his feet. When the Quintessential Essence appeared, it transformed into a black mist.
"Black mist again!"
Luo Zheng sneered in his heart. He had already experienced many times how unreasonable the seven noble families were and how they would kill on sight.
He also understood that these landed gentry clans were used to being high and mighty. They only knew how to reason with each other and would never reason with anyone other than the seven landed gentry clans. It was as if the lives of all the people in the world were at their fingertips.
Luo Zheng only had one way to deal with this kind of attitude. That was to kill!
Kill until they feared him!
True Essence was ever-changing. Most assassins liked to transform their True Essence into black fog. Luo Zheng had encountered black fog twice before.
The first time was when he had faced the Black White Double Ghosts. However, the black mist produced by the Black White Double Ghosts had not affected Luo Zheng much. Instead, Luo Zheng had used his soul consciousness to locate the Black White Double Ghosts and killed him directly.
The second time was when he had faced the Black Iron Fey King's Heavenly Fey Sacred Flame. Comparatively speaking, the Heavenly Fey Sacred Flame was much more terrifying. Not only could it isolate one's soul consciousness and block one's vision, but it could also corrode everything!
Yan Jiu was dressed like an assassin, so the black mist he released should be about the same level as the Black White Double Ghosts. It might even be slightly stronger than the Black White Double Ghosts. However, there was no difference for Luo Zheng.
Luo Zheng's back was facing the door of the three-story building. He stood where he was, motionless. He watched Yan Jiu slowly approach him. As Yan Jiu approached him, the black fog spread out and surrounded Luo Zheng.
As soon as the black mist blocked Luo Zheng's line of sight, Yan Jiu suddenly moved.
Yan Jiu's body was like a weightless gust of wind, stirring up the black mist and causing it to tumble.
Luo Zheng looked at the rolling black mist in front of him. The broken throwing knife leapt into his hand and he crossed his arms in a defensive stance.
"What is your name?" A gentle voice suddenly came from within the black mist.
It was obviously a man, but his voice sounded so effeminate. Luo Zheng couldn't help but frown. "Don't you seven noble families kill whenever you want? Why do you want to know my name? "
"Oh! This has nothing to do with the noble family I represent. It is my personal hobby. Ever since I started working for the Pei Family, I have assassinated 2,461 people. I remember every single one of their names. If I kill you without knowing your name, wouldn't that break my record? "Yan Jiu's voice floated out from within the mist.
"You don't need to know my name," Luo Zheng said indifferently.
"Why not?" Yan Jiu hurriedly asked.

Chapter 135
Yan Jiu's sharp laughter came from within the smoke. His voice was like that of a foxy woman's. "Ah ha ha ha! It's been a long time since someone dared to say such words to me. I never expected that a half-step Connate junior would say such words. Interesting, interesting! Since you won't tell me your name, I'll cut you into a thousand pieces and slice off a thousand pieces of flesh from your body. Let's see if you'll tell me or not! "
Then, the black smoke enveloping Luo Zheng rolled again. Suddenly, a murderous intent came from Luo Zheng's back. This murderous intent was so sharp that it went straight to Luo Zheng's heart.
Given the strength of Luo Zheng's soul, even some Divine Reflection Realm experts were no match for him. Yan Jiu was only a Connate lifeform. Luo Zheng easily located Yan Jiu's position. Based on Yan Jiu's murderous intent, Luo Zheng guessed that Yan Jiu was coming from his back.
At this moment, Luo Zheng purposely showed a flaw. He faced the front as if he was facing a great enemy. He was waiting for Yan Jiu to attack him from behind so that Luo Zheng could counterattack.
"Now's the time!"
Luo Zheng felt the murderous intent on his back getting stronger. Yan Jiu should be close by. Hence, Luo Zheng swung his broken throwing knife.
"Pfft!"
Luo Zheng felt as if he had stabbed someone in the back. With the sharpness of the broken flying dagger, Yan Jiu would definitely be killed by this attack.
However, at this moment, another person appeared in front of Luo Zheng. It was Yan Jiu!
"Ah ha ha ha!" Yan Jiu, who had appeared in front of Luo Zheng out of nowhere, raised his snake-shaped dagger and slashed Luo Zheng's chest. Then, he disappeared into the black smoke. Yan Jiu laughed. "Although you're only a half-step Connate, your reaction speed is far beyond my expectations. You're really something, but … your strength is still not enough! After all, you're only a half-step Connate. Your understanding of Ethereal Core is not deep enough! "
Standing in the black fog, Luo Zheng frowns.
"Strange. There was clearly a person behind me. According to the perception of my soul, it should be Yan Jiu himself. I also used the broken flying knife to cut him open. Why would Yan Jiu suddenly appear in front of me?"
What was so strange about this?
Yan Jiu obviously wouldn't give Luo Zheng too much time to think about this problem.
Just as Luo Zheng was pondering, the black fog churned again. "Hahaha, you can't figure it out, right? Don't worry! There are a lot of people who can't figure it out like you. They've already reported to the King of Hell! "
Just as the sharp voice faded away, a murderous intent came from Luo Zheng's left.
"Left this time?" While Luo Zheng was guessing, he changed his mind. He waved his broken throwing knife and attacked to the right. "It's the right side!"
"Pu!"
Luo Zheng's broken throwing knife stabbed Yan Jiu again. However, the moment Luo Zheng pulled the broken throwing knife back, he didn't see any blood on the blade. A bad premonition arose in his heart.
"Wrong, it's the back!"
"Slash!"
The snake-shaped dagger cut a wound on Luo Zheng's back. The strength of the knife was so great that Luo Zheng's flesh was cut and rolled up.
What was going on?
Just now, for a moment, did he have an illusion?
Luo Zheng felt that there were people on both his left and right. Moreover, it was Yan Jiu himself!
Why did the two of them disappear in the end? And why did Yan Jiu attack him from behind?
This illusion even made Luo Zheng think that Yan Jiu wasn't alone. It seemed like there were two or even three people!
However, when Yan Jiu was walking towards him, he was clearly alone. Why were there two more people out of nowhere? What was even stranger was that the two of them were completely fine after being cut by Luo Zheng's broken throwing knife.
"Hehe, tell me your name. If you tell me your name, I'll let you die a quick death. You won't have to suffer the pain of a thousand cuts! You can imagine the feeling of your flesh being cut off by my snake-shaped dagger … "Yan Jiu's voice sounded again.
No, it should only be Yan Jiu alone. Based on the way the seven aristocratic families acted, they wouldn't send a few people to deal with him after realizing that he was only a Half-step to Inborn.
However, if it was only Yan Jiu alone, then the two people who appeared on his left and right …
A flash of light lit up in Luo Zheng's mind. At this thought, Luo Zheng was suddenly enlightened!
Luo Zheng sneered and said, "Don't brag too much. Do you think you have the chance to die by a thousand cuts?"
"Why wouldn't I have the chance? Look, you've been cut twice by me. You only have 998 cuts left. I have plenty of time to play with you slowly … "After Yan Jiu finished speaking, the black fog started rolling again. It seemed like he was about to launch a third attack on Luo Zheng.
This time, Luo Zheng still stood in the same spot and waited for Yan Jiu to come closer.
Yan Jiu's attacking method was indeed very special. This kind of fighting method had always allowed Yan Jiu to win every time. However, this time, he met Luo Zheng.
Luo Zheng used his soul to sense his surroundings again. He felt three identical killing intents coming from his left, front, and back.
"If I'm not wrong, you intend to attack from the front this time!" Luo Zheng suddenly pounced forward. The broken throwing knife hit the person in front of him for the third time. However, at the same time, Luo Zheng drew a circle with his finger. A streak of purple-black Sky Devil Genuine Qi spread out silently.
The purple-black Sky Devil Genuine Qi was very obscure. It was similar in color to the black fog that Yan Jiu had set up. If one didn't look carefully, they wouldn't be able to detect it.
The Sky Devil Genuine Qi spread out rapidly in a small circle, like a ripple in water.
When the ripple touched something in the black fog, Luo Zheng patted his head and shouted, "Oh, I guessed wrong. It's not the front. It should be … the back!"
Puff! Puff! Puff!
Puff! Puff! Luo Zheng's right arm emitted layers of energy. In an instant, Luo Zheng's speed reached a terrifying level. In the blink of an eye, Luo Zheng had slashed 30 times behind him.
Because Luo Zheng's attacks were too fast, Luo Zheng didn't hear Yan Jiu scream until he had put away the broken throwing knife.
"Ahhhhh …"
This time, Luo Zheng's attack didn't kill Yan Jiu. The 30 strikes he made were aimed at Yan Jiu's arms and legs.
The 30 knife attacks were sharp enough to cut Yan Jiu into pieces. However, Luo Zheng still had a trick up his sleeve.
After parting the layers of black fog, Luo Zheng walked up to Yan Jiu. He looked at the sissy man in front of him and said coldly, "Do you still want to know my name?"
"How did you find me?" Yan Jiu shrieked.
"Are you curious?" Luo Zheng asked with a smile.
Yan Jiu's face was distorted by the intense pain. "Tell me!"
"Go to hell and find the answer!" As soon as Luo Zheng finished speaking, the broken throwing knife in his hand flew out and pierced Yan Jiu's neck. It then penetrated the ground. Luo Zheng clasped his thumb and retrieved the broken throwing knife.
Luo Zheng had been misled from the start.
The Quintessential Origin Energy of humans was really mysterious and ever-changing.
Yan Jiu's fighting style had indeed amazed Luo Zheng.
Actually, Yan Jiu had been the only one who had been trying to assassinate Luo Zheng. However, the black fog hadn't been created by Yan Jiu's Quintessential Origin Energy.
The black fog before Luo Yunyang's eyes had only been a smokescreen. Yan Jiu had probably used something else to create it. The object created by Yan Jiu's Quintessential Origin Energy had to be Yan Jiu himself.
Some people's Quintessential Origin Energy could turn into lotus flowers, such as Wang Yanmiao. Some people's Quintessential Origin Energy could form layers of barriers, such as Yun Luo.
Yan Jiu's Quintessential Origin Energy could transform into his own body.
This meant that the person Luo Zheng had stabbed at the beginning had been a dummy created by Yan Jiu's Quintessential Origin Energy.
During the first attack, Yan Jiu had created two dummies.
When Yan Jiu had used the same method to assassinate Luo Zheng for the third time, Luo Zheng had seen through his plan and given Luo Zheng a way to deal with it.
When Yan Jiu had created three dummies to attack Luo Zheng, Luo Zheng had released the Sky Demon Quintessential Energy from his body. Thanks to the Sky Demon Quintessential Energy's ability to devour Quintessential Origin Energy, Luo Zheng had sensed that the Yan Jiu in front, left and right had been devoured by the Sky Demon Quintessential Energy.
This meant that the three dummies in front, left and right had been created by Quintessential Origin Energy. The real Yan Jiu had been attacking him from behind.
After making the right judgment, Luo Zheng decisively launched a frenzied attack from behind.
When Yan Jiu had been killed by Luo Zheng, the black fog had started to dissipate gradually.
When the dozens of people from the seven large landed gentry families had seen Yan Jiu attack Luo Zheng, they had stopped paying attention.
In their opinion, Yan Jiu alone was more than enough to deal with the brat who had suddenly barged in.
To them, the brat who had suddenly barged in was like a moth that had accidentally flown into a spider's web. All they had to do was reach out and pluck him from the spider's web and crush him to death.
However, when the black fog had slowly dissipated, someone among the crowd had unintentionally looked over and exclaimed in surprise, "Eh? Yan Jiu is dead? "
The long-haired woman had also turned her head and frowned as she stared at Luo Zheng. "Interesting. He can actually deal with Yan Jiu. It seems that I have underestimated him!"
"He is only a Half-step to the Innate Realm, yet he was able to kill Yan Jiu. This brat is really interesting!" someone else said.
After Luo Zheng had killed Yan Jiu, he had not approached those people. Instead, he had planned to go around them.
However, at this moment, the long-haired woman suddenly shouted, "Who are you?"
Luo Zheng was on guard as he replied, "Who I am has nothing to do with you. Also, don't use the name of the seven large landed gentry families to scare me. It's useless. Let's mind our own business!"
When the long-haired woman heard Luo Zheng's words, she suddenly laughed again. "Do you know that your words are very childish?"
Luo Zheng placed the flying knife horizontally in front of his chest and said, "I don't know if it's childish or not, but those who dare to find trouble with me will die, just like the brat lying on the ground!"
It was impossible that Luo Zheng had no scruples about the seven large landed gentry families. At least, among the dozens of people in front of him, there were some who were emitting extremely dangerous auras. If they were really serious, Luo Zheng could only run away.
However, since Luo Zheng had obtained the illustration in the Weapon Refining Secret Arts, he was not a fool. Everything in this world, including this Immortal Mansion, contained great opportunities. There was no reason for him to shrink back.
"Hahahaha …"
"Hahaha …"

Chapter 136
To the Pei Family of Wei River, Yan Jiu was just an insignificant consecrator.
Yan Jiu's strength was probably at the bottom of the heap in the eyes of these nobles. They hadn't expected this brat to be so insolent as to say such words after killing Yan Jiu.
The crowd burst into laughter. Then, the long-haired woman said, "Ye Chou, go and kill that brat. Don't disappoint me. Yan Jiu has been killed by that brat, which means that he is a little strange. Be careful."
Yan Jiu was only at Xiantian Realm Level Six, while Ye Chou was at Xiantian Realm Level Eight. His strength was one level higher than Yan Jiu's.
Luo Zheng's killing of Yan Jiu had only made the nobles look down on him a little less. However, this was far from enough to make them take him seriously. In their opinion, Yan Jiu's death at the hands of this brat was probably due to luck.
As for Ye Chou's strength, he was much stronger than Yan Jiu's …
The luck of a half-step Xiantian brat couldn't possibly make up for the difference in strength between him and Ye Chou. Therefore, everyone believed that the brat was dead for sure.
However, after dispatching Ye Chou this time, some nobles still paid attention to Luo Zheng. They were just curious as to how the masked brat had managed to kill Yan Jiu.
After Ye Chou was dispatched, he quickly rushed toward Luo Zheng with a strange identity.
Ye Chou's personality was completely different from Yan Jiu's. As an assassin, Yan Jiu was talkative, which was a big taboo.
On the other hand, Ye Chou was a very calm person. He didn't underestimate any of his opponents. Even if the masked brat was only at the half-step Xiantian Realm, Ye Chou would still go all out and not give him any chance to turn the tables.
"Ah, as expected …" Luo Zheng felt a headache coming on. These nobles simply wouldn't listen to him. Whether it was threats, begging for mercy, or anything else, none of them had any effect on these nobles.
There was only one way left, and that was to turn them into dead people. Only by killing them at the very last moment would they understand that he was not trying to scare them!
Ye Chou approached with a strange footwork as the True Yuan in his hands quickly condensed into two dark green swords. When he was about three meters away from Luo Zheng, Ye Chou's footwork became even more strange. He clearly looked like he was about to stab the two swords into Luo Zheng's chest, but his entire body actually shifted in parallel and circled behind Luo Zheng.
By the time Luo Zheng turned around, Ye Chou had already jumped on top of Luo Zheng's head. Ye Chou brandished his two long swords, forming a strangling force, blocking all of Luo Zheng's escape routes.
"Ten Directions Annihilation!"
Ye Chou's two dark green long swords looked disorderly and disorderly, but in fact, they had blocked all of Luo Zheng's escape routes.
With Ye Chou's personality, he would never let his guard down. But at this moment, Ye Chou also believed that Luo Zheng was dead for sure. There had never been a case of anyone who had been hit by his "Ten Directional Annihilation".
But when Ye Chou swooped down on Luo Zheng and saw the look in Luo Zheng's eyes, Ye Chou couldn't help but feel a little flustered.
In the past, when Ye Chou's opponents faced his "Ten Directions Annihilation", their eyes would reveal fear, despair, and helplessness …
But the young man in front of him, in his bright and shining eyes, was so indifferent, as if he had seen through all life and death in the world. For a moment, Ye Chou had the illusion that this masked young man wouldn't fight back, as if he was going to sacrifice himself for justice!
"Don't think too much, just kill him. This kid must be strong and calm. No matter if he fights back or not, since he's been enveloped by my" Ten Directions Annihilation ", there's only one path, and that is death!" Ye Chou reminded himself in his heart.
But the moment Ye Chou approached Luo Zheng, Luo Zheng suddenly smiled faintly. From between his eyebrows, a light yellow sharp spike suddenly pierced out.
"Soul-Shaking Spike!"
An inexplicable pain came from the depths of his soul. This pain came so suddenly and fiercely.
Affected by this pain, Ye Chou was unable to concentrate. The two dark green long swords in his hands, condensed from true essence, naturally dissipated between heaven and earth.
Before Ye Chou had time to react, the broken flying dagger had already pierced his head with a gust of wind, piercing through his entire body.
In a battle between martial artists, there was often only one chance. Luo Zheng naturally wouldn't let go of this opportunity, so he used a thunderous method to kill this person.
"Plop!"
Ye Chou, who had been pierced by the flying dagger, fell to the ground and became a lifeless corpse.
"Ah, no way, Ye Chou was also killed?"
"That kid really isn't easy to deal with!"
Originally, there were several landowning household descendants who had focused their attention on this side. They saw Ye Chou use his killing move, "Ten Directions Annihilation", and then saw Ye Chou inexplicably withdraw his attack, and then be pierced by that masked kid's flying dagger just like that …
This scene was truly incomparably strange.
Ye Chou had been a famous expert for a long time, and looking at that masked kid's flying dagger technique, there didn't seem to be anything special.
Why didn't Ye Chou know to dodge? Why was he so stupidly pierced by the flying dagger?
At this moment, the several dozen landowning household descendants finally understood that Luo Zheng wasn't easy to deal with.
Half-step Xiantian strength was only a facade, and the Wei River's Pei Family had paid the price of two of their family's consecrators.
The long-haired woman's frown deepened. "Our Pei Family is too lazy to send anyone, who will go?"
"Heh heh, it's rare to see such a tenacious kid. Let this old man go!" The one who spoke was an old man holding a dragon-shaped walking stick. After the old man finished speaking, he tapped the walking stick in his hand, and a trace of true essence emerged from the dragon head of the walking stick, burning fiercely.
This old man was actually a Divine Reflection expert.
The long-haired woman's expression brightened when she heard that the old man was going to personally take action. "I'm really sorry that we need a Divine Reflection expert like Elder Huang to personally deal with a half-step Xiantian ant!"
"What's wrong with that? I, Huang Yunxian, have never looked down on people. That masked kid's abilities are incomparably strange. Being able to kill your Pei Family's consecrator Lian Wei is proof of his astonishing strength. This old man will personally take care of him! "Huang Yunxian leaned on his walking stick, preparing to personally take action.
Luo Zheng noticed the old man with the walking stick, and his expression grew even more cautious. A Divine Reflection expert was far stronger than him.
Although he had almost killed Xu Xiu last time with the Demonic God Fist, that was because Xu Xiu was stupid at that time, giving him an opportunity to take advantage of.
If a Divine Reflection expert dealt with him seriously, Luo Zheng would have no chance!
Facing a Divine Reflection expert, Luo Zheng only had one word left: run.
However, before Luo Zheng's "run" could be used, the immortal mansion suddenly trembled.
The long-haired woman's expression suddenly changed. "Elder Huang, we'll deal with that kid later. It's better for us to deal with business first!"
Huang Yunxian's expression was also serious. He nodded and said, "Okay, the matter at hand is the most important. As for that masked kid's life … As long as he's still in the immortal mansion, it'll be easy to take his life!"
The trembling under everyone's feet became more and more intense, as if an earthquake was occurring.
After a while, they saw a Thunder Leopard running wildly on the huge square in front of the immortal mansion!
The Thunder Leopard's speed was just like the two words "Thunder" in its name. It was the fastest demon beast in the eastern region!
Many people were keen on the Thunder Leopard's extreme speed, and were willing to pay a high price to keep it at home as a spiritual beast.
It seemed that this Thunder Leopard should belong to one of the noble family's children present. However, the ground was trembling so much, what was going on? Looking at the gate at the end of the square in front of the immortal mansion, Luo Zheng's face was full of caution.
Just as the Thunder Leopard ran out of the gate, two giants holding Wolf Tooth Clubs came out from behind the gate and chased after the Thunder Leopard with all their might!
These two giants were not living creatures, but puppets. One couldn't feel the slightest bit of life from them.
In the eastern region, there was no lack of talented people and skilled craftsmen who could make very powerful puppets.
However, no one could make puppets that were so lifelike, as if they were real people. Moreover, these puppets were as tall as 100 zhang, like small hills. When they ran, the whole ground shook violently as if there was an earthquake.
With each tremor, Luo Zheng was thrown up high from the ground. The situation was the same for the several tens of noble family's children. Everyone was thrown up and down along with the ground.
Fortunately, apart from Luo Zheng, everyone else was at least a Xiantian expert. If they were ordinary people, these tremors alone would have killed them.
Compared to the two giant puppets that were as tall as small hills, the Thunder Leopard running in front of them was like a small insect crawling on the ground.
"Bang!"
One of the giants, holding a Wolf Tooth Club, smashed it fiercely at the Thunder Leopard.
The Rushing Thunder Leopard was also extremely agile. Facing the huge Wolf Teeth Club descending from the sky, the Rushing Thunder Leopard suddenly raised an electric current under its feet. Immediately, it turned into a lightning bolt and fiercely rushed forward, avoiding the Wolf Teeth Club.
The body of the giant puppet was like a small hill, and the Wolf Tooth Club was not small either. It was almost equivalent to half a mountain.
What would it feel like to have the power of half a mountain smashing into the ground?
With the Wolf Tooth Club as the center, a shock wave visible to the naked eye immediately spread out in all directions!
This terrifying force was like a tsunami, spreading over the huge square.
"Oh no, my Thunder Leopard! If it gets sucked in by the shock wave, I'm afraid we won't be able to enter the immortal mansion's inner court! "One of the noble family's children shouted loudly. Obviously, he was quite worried about his own Thunder Leopard.
＝＝＝＝＝

Chapter 137
Although the Thunder Leopard was fast, it obviously couldn't outrun the speed of the spreading shockwave. If the Thunder Leopard was caught in such a strong shockwave, it would probably be turned to dust immediately.
As soon as the man finished speaking, the long-haired woman among the landowning households stretched out her hand. Her long hair billowed like waves, and a blue ball of light appeared on her body. The blue ball of light disappeared as soon as it appeared.
In the next moment, the blue ball of light appeared on the Thunder Leopard's body, protecting it.
When the shockwave spread to the Thunder Leopard, the ball of light only dimmed a little. Obviously, it had absorbed all of the shockwave's power. However, the Thunder Leopard was not injured at all. It continued to guide the two giant puppets.
As the shockwave continued to spread, it swept toward the seven landowning households and Luo Zheng.
Many of the seven landowning households ran to the corners to avoid the shockwave's impact. Although the shockwave's power had weakened a lot due to the distance, it was still unbearable for Xiantian life forms.
Only the long-haired woman, the old man surnamed Huang, and the other two Divine Reflection experts didn't move at all. They stood in place, allowing the shockwave to hit them without moving.
On the other side of the square, Luo Zheng also didn't dodge. He faced the shockwave head-on. When the shockwave swept past his body, it gave him a great impact. It was this impact that caused a warm current to flow inside Luo Zheng's body, washing his dantian.
After a series of battles, Luo Zheng felt that his dantian was on the verge of a breakthrough. The reason why he didn't dodge the shockwave was that he wanted to use the shockwave's power to wash his dantian, and see if it could help him break through to the Xiantian stage!
Unfortunately, after the shockwave's power disappeared, his dantian still didn't change fundamentally. Luo Zheng's face showed a trace of depression. If only the shockwave came a few more times. The shockwave's power was moderate, and it could help him wash his dantian more.
Not far away, the long-haired woman and the other Divine Reflection experts saw the shockwave sweep past Luo Zheng's body.
They thought that the kid didn't want to live anymore. Facing such a fierce shockwave, he didn't dodge at all, and just stood in place like them!
This kid would most likely be turned into fine powder by the shockwave.
But after the shockwave passed by, not only was the kid not shaken to pieces, he was full of energy, as if he hadn't had enough …
Those Xiantian lifeforms didn't see the scene of Luo Zheng withstanding the shockwaves because they had found some corners to hide in. However, they didn't think much of it.
The Illuminating Spirit Realm experts were shocked. What was this kid's body made of? He was only at the Xiantian Mystic Realm. He couldn't even protect himself with Quintessential Energy. Yet, he was able to take on the shockwave head-on. Was this kid a freak?
If they didn't kill this brat, he would definitely rise up and become an overlord in the future. This was what the Illuminating Spirit Realm experts thought.
Although some of them had already wanted to kill Luo Zheng, now was obviously not the time to target Luo Zheng.
For this trip, the biggest goal of the seven landowning households was to enter the inner sect of this immortal abode.
The temptation of an immortal's cave abode was undeniably hard to resist!
But in their previous exploration, they'd discovered that there were two giant puppets guarding the entrance. These giant puppets would attack anyone who entered the inner sect without permission!
When they'd first discovered the two giant puppets, they'd been caught off guard and killed by their spiked clubs.
This time, the seven landowning households had come prepared. One of them had brought along the fastest Thunder Leopard!
Their opportunity was to make use of the Thunder Leopard's speed to provoke the two giant puppets. They would lure the two giant puppets into the square from the inner sect. Then, while the two giant puppets were chasing the Thunder Leopard, they would take the opportunity to sneak into the inner sect!
But just as they were about to carry out their plan, a masked kid suddenly appeared from the side.
They'd thought that the masked kid was just an insignificant fellow who could be killed by a random person.
But who'd have thought that one person wouldn't work, and two of them would die. They hadn't even finished off the masked kid when the leopard had successfully lured the two giant puppets into the square.
Of course, they weren't in the mood to chase after the masked kid. Now, they just wanted to be one step ahead. While the leopard was still attracting the two giant puppets, they'd run all the way into the inner sect!
Although the seven landowning households were working together this time, there was still some intrigue between them. After all, even if the treasures in the immortal abode were nothing, if they could get a share of it from their own households, they'd make a fortune!
The long-haired woman was at the front, with several Divine Reflection experts following closely behind her. A group of Xiantian lifeforms were also running quickly.
Luo Zheng stood on the square and saw the whole situation clearly. At this time, how could he not know what to do? Naturally, he'd run after the landowning households. They'd spent a lot of effort to lure the two giant puppets out. For Luo Zheng, this was a good opportunity.
When the Divine Reflection experts saw that Luo Zheng wanted to follow them, their faces darkened.
Because they were afraid of attracting the attention of the giant puppets, they'd spared the masked kid's life for the time being. But they hadn't expected that the kid would dare to follow them into the inner sect.
One had to know that they'd planned for a long time to enter the inner sect, but now they were being followed by an inexplicable kid. In the eyes of these landowning households, this was absolutely unacceptable.
"Stop him, don't let him follow. It's best to kill him!" The long-haired woman said through gritted teeth.
Old Huang, who was running quickly behind the long-haired woman, had a murderous look on his face. Several yellow lights flickered on his body. He waved his hand, and several Vital Essences gushed out from his body. As soon as these humanoid Vital Essences appeared, they prostrated themselves on the ground and turned into three earthy yellow wolves.
Flames burned on the backs of these yellow wolves. This was the effect of burning Vital Essences.
"Go, kill that kid!" Old Huang said in a low voice.
Under Old Huang's command, the three yellow wolves turned around and ran. They bared their fangs and rushed toward Luo Zheng.
Luo Zheng moved forward quickly, and the three wolves moved backward. In a few breaths' time, the three wolves were only six meters away from Luo Zheng.
"That old guy's Vital Essences Incarnation is an earthy wolf?" Luo Zheng smiled slightly. Then, he quickly extracted the Heavenly Devil Vital Essence from his dantian and gathered it in his right fist.
Relatively speaking, Luo Zheng liked this kind of Vital Essences Incarnation the most. When the leading earthy wolf pounced on Luo Zheng, Luo Zheng suddenly bent down and punched out with his right fist.
"Demonic Shaking the World!"
A purple-black fist shadow shot out from his hand. With the help of the Phoenix Soaring Crystal, the speed of this fist was more than ten times faster.
Even though this earthy wolf was far more agile than Xu Xiu's Five-Clawed Golden Dragon, Luo Zheng's fist still landed solidly on the earthy wolf's body!
In the distance, Old Huang was still madly running toward the inner sect. The square was only a few hundred steps away for the giant puppets, but it was equivalent to dozens of miles for the tiny humans. He maintained his high speed while controlling the earthy wolves.
When he noticed that Luo Zheng was punching at the earthy wolves, the corners of his mouth curled into a sneer.
His Vital Essences were very special. These earthy wolves didn't look amazing, but in fact, no matter what method was used to crush them, they would automatically recover. That kid using his fists to attack his earthy wolves was undoubtedly a waste of energy.
But soon, he couldn't smile anymore. That sneer was like the frost of late autumn, frozen at the corners of his mouth.
The Vital Essences Earthy Wolf that was hit by Luo Zheng quickly underwent a strange change. Its entire body turned from earthy yellow to black. At the same time, Old Huang felt that he had lost the ability to control the earthy wolf!
What a strange power. How did this kid do it? Old Huang was secretly shocked. This kid had actually snatched away one of his Vital Essences Incarnations, and it had even turned black!
In his shock, Old Huang comforted himself. It didn't matter. There were still two more earthy wolves. He only needed two to kill him. Old Huang no longer thought about it. He reached out his hand, and the two earthy wolves surrounding Luo Zheng in the distance began to burn with their Vital Essences. Their claws left claw marks on the ground, and after a soft roar, they rushed toward Luo Zheng!
Facing two earthy wolves that were constantly burning their Vital Essences, Luo Zheng didn't panic at all. He controlled the black wolf to meet the first earthy wolf.
This black wolf was formed from the Heavenly Demon True Qi that had swallowed Old Huang's Vital Essences. Facing the first earthy wolf, it wasn't at a disadvantage at all. While the black wolf and the earthy wolf were fighting, the black wolf's claws cut open the earthy wolf's body, and a trace of Heavenly Demon True Qi escaped into it. Soon, the earthy wolf was also swallowed by the Heavenly Demon True Qi and turned completely black.
The other earthy wolf was dealt with by Luo Zheng. This time, when Luo Zheng used the Heavenly Demon God Fist, his heart suddenly moved.
Since this earthy wolf could be swallowed by the Heavenly Demon True Qi and be used by me, I wonder if the energy of the Soaring Phoenix Crystal would be able to upgrade this earthy wolf?
Thinking of this, Luo Zheng used the "Demon Moves the World" to attack the earthy wolf. At the same time, he poured the energy of the Soaring Phoenix Crystal into it!
The earthy wolf that was hit by Luo Zheng's "Heavenly Demon God Fist" knelt on the ground and let out a mournful cry. In the blink of an eye, the earthy yellow wolf turned black and became the black wolf controlled by Luo Zheng.
However, the difference between this black wolf and the two earthy wolves was that there was a faint trace of bright purple energy circulating around this black wolf's body. This bright purple energy was the energy of the Soaring Phoenix Crystal.
"Let's test its speed!" Luo Zheng controlled the black wolf that had been infused with the energy of the Soaring Phoenix Crystal to move.
"Xiu!"
This black wolf rushed forward like a bolt of lightning. This black wolf's speed was more than ten times faster than before!
In comparison, the Rushing Thunder Leopard, which was known as the fastest running beast in the Eastern Region, was not even worth mentioning in front of this black wolf.

Chapter 138
"How did this happen?" a Divine Realm expert asked Elder Huang.
Old Huang's face turned dark. He angrily said, "I don't know either. This brat's True Qi is very strange. He actually took away my True Essence Incarnation. Moreover, one of the coyotes seemed to have been strengthened by him. I'm going to kill him! "
The long-haired woman shook her head. "No, we'll attract the attention of the giant puppets. If we do, all our efforts will be for naught!"
"Are we just going to let him follow us?" someone asked angrily.
"As long as we enter the inner sect, can't we kill a half-step Xiantian junior?" the long-haired woman sneered.
Although the kid seemed to have some strange methods, easily dealing with Yan Nine and Ye Chou, so what if he had some tricks? In front of a Divine Realm expert, he was nothing!
"Good," the long-haired woman ordered. "Once we enter the inner sect, Elder Huang and Wanderer Wuyue will work together to kill him!"
After everyone reached a consensus, they no longer paid attention to the kid behind them. Then, the long-haired woman stretched out her hand, and dozens of talismans floated out from her hand. After those talismans appeared, they flew to the top of everyone's head in succession, and at the same time, a gust of wind blew.
The talismans could increase a person's movement speed. With the help of the talismans, everyone's speed increased by more than thirty percent.
The huge square was dozens of miles long, but in everyone's eyes, they arrived in an instant. Soon, they entered the inner sect.
After entering the inner sect, everyone let out a long breath. They had paid a heavy price to enter, even sacrificing many people.
Elder Huang's face was still ugly. He just wanted to crush the masked kid with his own hands.
"Good," the long-haired woman said to Elder Huang. "Since that kid wants to follow us, we'll end his life here!"
Elder Huang snorted. "There's a path to heaven, but he won't take it. There's no door to hell. This will be his burial ground!"
In addition to Elder Huang, there was another Divine Radiance Realm expert beside him. This was Wanderer Wuyue. He was also accumulating power, hoping to kill this half-step Xiantian brat in one blow.
If they weren't in the immortal mansion, but outside, they wouldn't need two Divine Realm experts.
But in the immortal mansion, there were too many variables. They wanted to be safe and not cause any trouble.
Not long after, Luo Zheng, who was wearing a mask, also walked into the inner sect. Beside him was a huge black wolf. Luo Zheng had combined the two black wolves into one, so it looked more than twice as big as the coyote that Huang Lao had created with his Zhen Yuan.
"So many people are waiting for me?" Luo Zheng smiled.
"If I were you, I wouldn't smile now! As a half-step Xiantian kid, you have such strength. That's admirable.. but do you think you can survive against us? " Elder Huang said in a deep voice. He didn't know why, but when he saw the smile on the masked kid's face, he felt a little nervous.
"He's just strong and calm. Old Huang, don't waste words with him. Kill him." Wanderer Wuyue's azure true essence began to flicker. He was about to attack Luo Zheng.
. "Wait." Luo Zheng suddenly waved his hand, then smiled at Elder Huang. "Don't you think I didn't bring anything in?"
Elder Huang stared blankly. At the same time, his face showed some doubt. He had clearly seen Luo Zheng devouring his Zhen Yuan incarnation. If he remembered correctly, Luo Zheng seemed to be missing a black wolf. Before entering the second gate, Elder Huang had seen the speed of that black wolf. It was much faster than his own wolf.
"I came here with the same goal as everyone. Since everyone has the same goal, there's no need to hate each other. I used some method to strengthen that black wolf, and now I've left it outside. I believe that using that black wolf to lure in the giant puppet is better than using your Thunder Leopard. I think that's something no one wants to see," Luo Zheng said lightly.
It turned out that Luo Zheng didn't bring the black wolf with him after strengthening it with the Phoenix Xiang Crystal. Instead, he left it in the huge square outside. Now that he had come in, the lightning fast black wolf could lure in the giant puppet.
If these people wanted to make a move against Luo Zheng, they would have to think twice. Luo Zheng only needed to give a command and he would be able to lure the two mountain-like giant puppets into the inner sect. When that time came, no one present would be able to survive!
"Courting death!" Hearing Luo Zheng's words, Elder Huang flew into a rage.
"What a smart boy!" The long-haired woman stared fiercely at Luo Zheng. Her charming eyes contained layers of murderous intent. "I have to say, your move is very beautiful. In fact, you're just a little half-step Xiantian. You don't have the qualifications to be on equal footing with our seven great families. But … what you said makes sense. If we don't cooperate, I'm afraid the problems in Holy Realm Dwellers' Mansion will be more troublesome!"
Luo Zheng nodded and smiled, revealing his white teeth. "That's right. It's not good to fight and kill!"
Luo Zheng's words made the group of Xiantian lifeforms and Divine Reflection experts want to vomit blood. How many leopard guts did this boy eat? Not only was he so meticulous in his work, but he was also so calm in the desperate situation surrounded by strong enemies.
This kind of temperament was admirable and terrifying!
Although the seven great aristocratic families were unconvinced, they really didn't have a good way to deal with Luo Zheng at this time. They could only temporarily give up the idea of dealing with Luo Zheng.
But it was impossible for them to accept Luo Zheng as a teammate in this exploration of Holy Realm Dwellers' Mansion. Therefore, they could only put Luo Zheng aside and size up the environment in the inner gate of Holy Realm Dwellers' Mansion before making any plans.
The outer gate of Holy Realm Dwellers' Mansion was a huge square. It was completely empty. They had already explored this point.
However, there was another change within the Inner Sect.
Within the Inner Sect, there was a small path paved with jade, and on both sides of the path was a pool of water!
To the immortals in Holy Realm Dwellers' Mansion, it was just a small pool. But to Luo Zheng, it was like a large lake.
"Pill workshop!"
"Weapon workshop!"
"Scripture Tower!"
After looking around, they couldn't help but scream, fervent desire in their eyes.
In the middle of this long path was a small pavilion that was as tall as a mountain. Seven paths extended from the pavilion, each leading in seven different directions. At the end of those paths were the immortals' alchemy rooms, weapon refineries, and so on …
How good would the pills and weapons left behind by immortals be?
They couldn't imagine.
The only thing they were sure of was that these things would bring them endless benefits!
"Whoosh whoosh!"
An Divine Reflection expert rushed out like a gust of wind.
The seven landowning houses weren't united to begin with. The dangers of Holy Realm Dwellers' Mansion had brought them together. Now that they'd entered a mountain of treasures, they naturally had to strike first!
Everyone from the seven landed gentry families had already lost their minds. When the Divine Illumination Realm expert rushed out, the others couldn't help but follow.
However, just as the Divine Illumination Realm expert in the lead charged a distance of several hundred meters along the jade-paved path, a sudden change occurred.
Suddenly, ripples appeared on the surface of the pond, and then a red koi fish floated to the surface.
Koi fish were nothing more than common animals to humans. The landowning houses reared tens of thousands of them in their courtyards.
However, the average koi fish was only five or six inches long. Even the larger ones were only ten inches long.
The one floating on the water, however, was thirty meters long. It was a colossal creature.
The koi's bulging eyes stared at the Divine Reflection expert running along the path. Suddenly, it swung its tail, and its enormous body leapt out of the water toward the Divine Reflection expert on the jade path.
Those who'd reached the Divine Reflection Realm were no weaklings. The Divine Reflection expert reacted quickly. Suddenly, he felt his head darken. When he looked up, he saw a colossal creature bearing down on him. His inner energy flickered, and he tried to dodge to the side.
But at that moment, the koi that didn't look scary suddenly opened its mouth.
Carps didn't have teeth, but this Koi's mouth was filled with sharp teeth. It was such a beautiful and cute Koi, but at this moment, it looked so terrifying that it made people's hair stand on end.
However, after a Divine Realm expert circulated his True Essence, his speed was extremely fast. It was impossible for the Koi to bite him. After the Koi missed, it rolled on the small path and then jumped back into the pool.
Everyone relaxed. Inside the immortal mansion, one couldn't afford to be careless for even a moment.
However, just as everyone heaved a sigh of relief, they heard a series of thumping sounds. Thumping sounds rose and fell one after another.
Dozens of giant koi leapt out of the pool.
The Celestial Illumination Realm expert was also panicking. He had no idea how to deal with the current situation!
"Fly up!" Someone reminded.
Illuminating Spirit Realm experts could rely on burning their True Yuan to soar into the sky.
At this time, if this Divine Reflection Realm expert had great courage, he could completely escape from these Koi. However, some of the landowning households lacked the tempering of life and death. In front of this great danger, they couldn't stop themselves from panicking and actually forgot!
Only after someone reminded him did the Divine Reflection expert leap. His inner energy burned wildly behind him, and he shot vertically into the air.
But it was too late.
Dozens of huge Koi fishes came down from the sky, covering the Divine Reflection Realm expert and pushing him back to the jade path. The Koi fishes squeezed together, almost filling the entire path.
Everyone only heard the Divine Reflection Realm expert's miserable screams before the Koi Fish leaped onto the small path one after another, leaping into the pond.

Chapter 139
Seeing this, everyone understood that the jade path wasn't as easy to traverse as it seemed. They hurriedly retreated.
Fortunately, the people behind them hadn't gone too far, and it only took them a moment to return. But even so, there were still two Koi Fish that leaped onto the jade path and swallowed the two Xiantian lifeforms into their mouths, becoming bait for the fishes.
Luo Zheng stood motionless on the shore. It was great that these landowning scions could scout the way for him, but now he was frowning.
It seemed that the immortal estate was far more dangerous than he'd imagined.
Logically speaking, since the immortal mansion had set up such a large barrier and cleared out all the giant creatures inside, this place should be safe. Otherwise, if any of the giant creatures outside the barrier were to break in, everyone would die without a doubt.
But who could have imagined that the koi fish in the pond were blocking everyone's path?
The landowning households stood on the shore, and their expressions became even more unsightly. At this moment, they were sizing up the small pool, and they saw the densely packed koi swimming over. As far as the eye could see, there were probably thousands of such huge koi in the small pool.
If they fell in, they'd be torn to shreds in an instant.
They gazed at the pill and weapon refineries in the distance, their eyes full of helplessness and unwillingness. No one would be willing to return empty-handed after entering a mountain of treasure.
The long-haired woman, Elder Huang, Wanderer Wuyue, and a few other Divine Illumination experts exchanged glances. Then, their bodies flickered with true essence, and they rose into the air.
These koi fish could leap out of the pond with their own strength, but the highest they could reach was hundreds of meters high.
These Illuminating Spirit Realm experts could simply fly over the jade path.
However, they also understood that even if they could avoid the koi fish's attack, who could guarantee that there weren't any other traps in the immortal estate?
But in order to live, one had to take risks and fight! The greater the risk, the greater the reward!
If they retreated now, all their previous efforts would be for naught. The Divine Reflection experts understood this and flew toward the pavilion in the center.
The Divine Illumination Realm warriors could fly, but the rest of the Xiantian Realm warriors couldn't. These Xiantian Realm warriors could only stare blankly at the edge of the pool. They couldn't do anything better. After all, they were too weak to fly.
Luo Zheng, who was standing on the shore, frowned for a while before slowly retreating.
Although there were a lot of these koi fish, and they were all covered in fangs and huge in size, no matter how they changed, they were still koi fish.
If that Divine Reflection expert had relied on his high speed to charge forward, he might not have been caught by those koi! After all, those koi were just animals with low intelligence. They didn't know how to judge ahead like humans. As long as they maintained a high speed, they should be able to rush over.
Of course, there was still danger.
Speaking of danger, how could those Illuminating Spirit Realm experts in the sky not be dangerous?
Thinking of this, Luo Zheng decided to give it a try.
Hence, Luo Zheng stood at the starting point of the jade path and took a deep breath. Then, he assumed a charging posture.
"What's this kid doing? Is he crazy? "
"He actually wants to go through the jade path. Even Wang Dai couldn't do it just now. Wang Dai is at the Divine Reflection Realm!"
"Hmph, he can't blame anyone for his own death. It's good that this guy is dead. We won't let him leave Immortal Mansion alive anyway."
Those Xiantian creatures who stayed on the shore were discussing animatedly. On one hand, they were taking pleasure in Luo Zheng's misfortune, and wished that Luo Zheng could fill the bellies of the Koi. On the other hand, they were jealous of Luo Zheng's courage. None of them dared to rush over like Luo Zheng.
Whoosh!
After taking a deep breath, Luo Zheng stomped on the jade path. The moment he stepped on it, the hundred or so dragon scales in his mind emitted a dark green light, and a terrifying power spread from his mind to his whole body.
The power of this kick immediately made Luo Zheng shoot forward like a taut arrow on a bowstring.
"Pop, pop … Hualala!"
As Luo Zheng charged forward, the sound of fish leaping out of the water could be heard from both sides of the jade path. One after another, huge koi opened their mouths, revealing their sharp teeth, and pounced on Luo Zheng.
Pa, pa, pa …
But without exception, those koi all fell behind Luo Zheng, flapping their tails on the jade path. They didn't even touch Luo Zheng's sleeves.
Every time Luo Zheng's strength weakened slightly, he would immediately mobilize the power of the dragon scales and rush forward again.
Seeing Luo Zheng's speed, the numerous Xiantian lifeforms on the shore were all dumbfounded …
In fact, there were several late stage Xiantian powerhouses whose speed wasn't necessarily inferior to Luo Zheng's. If Luo Zheng could do it, then they could do it as well. But to be able to do what Luo Zheng had done, not only did one need strength, but also courage!
To dance in front of the god of death, would they dare?
In the first half of the jade path, Luo Zheng passed through smoothly.
But in the second half of the race, some of the Koi fish in the distance noticed Luo Zheng. They jumped onto the jade path ahead of time and blocked Luo Zheng's path.
"Hehe, let's see how that kid deals with this!"
"I think he won't be able to pass through. He'll most likely be eaten!"
Those aristocratic descendants gloated at Luo Zheng's misfortune.
How could Luo Zheng not notice those 'obstacles' in front of him while he was madly running?
The moment he got close to those koi, Luo Zheng suddenly jumped up high.
Those koi flicked their tails and also jumped up from the jade path, biting at Luo Zheng.
"Phoenix Soaring Crystal!"
At this critical moment, the energy of the Phoenix Soaring Crystal in Luo Zheng's right arm suddenly dispersed. Under the effect of the energy of the Phoenix Soaring Crystal, Luo Zheng's body suddenly became ten times lighter, and his speed also increased by several times.
With this change in speed and speed, Luo Zheng got rid of the koi's mouths and passed through these obstacles.
Throughout the entire second half of the jade path, Luo Zheng was also cautious with every step. He constantly shuttled back and forth between the mouths of the Koi, but in the end, he was still scared but not in danger. He safely rushed into the pavilion.
The Divine Illumination experts who had already flown into the pavilion ahead of time were astonished to see Luo Zheng rush up the jade path. Among them, Old Huang looked at Luo Zheng with hidden killing intent.
This masked kid is really like a sticky candy. Once you get stuck, you can't get rid of him!
Feeling Old Huang's killing intent, Luo Zheng shrugged and laughed, "My black wolf is still outside. It's very easy to lure those two giant puppets in!"
Hearing Luo Zheng's words, the long-haired woman shouted, "Old Huang, forget it."
Since everyone was already here, it was better not to complicate matters.
Luo Zheng walked around the huge pavilion. Only then did he understand why everyone had stopped.
It turned out that there was another world inside this pavilion.
From the outside, this pavilion looked no different from an ordinary pavilion except that it was very large and several thousand feet tall.
However, when Luo Zheng entered the pavilion, he discovered that there was another world inside.
After entering the pavilion, a pink barrier appeared at the eight openings of the pavilion, covering all of them.
Everyone had thought that as long as they entered the pavilion, they would be able to enter the treasure trove. They hadn't expected that the pavilion would be a cage that locked everyone inside.
In the center of the pavilion, there was a huge eight trigrams. Around the eight trigrams were the words "Qian", "Kun", "Xun", "Zhen", "Kan", "Li", "Gen", and "Dui"!
Seeing those words, Luo Zheng suddenly recalled the information recorded in the interlayer of Che Daozi's' Refining Ancestral Arts'!
Since that page recorded the Jade Dragon Valley, the eight trigrams should be related to the eight trigrams in front of them.
Looking around the perimeter of the pavilion, there were many human-sized sculptures scattered around. These sculptures should have been moved into the Eight Trigrams, but now they were scattered around. Their intention was obvious. If they wanted to leave the pavilion, they had to break through the Eight Trigrams in the pavilion.
However, how difficult was it to break the eight trigrams?
They couldn't place one more sculpture on the eight trigrams, nor could they place one less sculpture. At this moment, everyone was hesitating …
What if they placed the wrong sculpture? Would it be a fatal threat?
However, everyone was blocked by the pink barrier. They could only enter, but not leave. There was no way out. If they didn't break the eight trigrams, they would all die.
"What should we do? Who's in charge of breaking the eight trigrams? "said the long-haired woman.
Senior Huang shook his head, "I'm not proficient in formations. I know nothing about this. I can't …"
The others also shook their heads. There were some masters proficient in formations among the seven noble families, but they weren't here.
At this moment, Luo Zheng suddenly said, "How about I do it?"
Senior Huang stared at Luo Zheng and sneered, "You? You should worry about your life! "
Being rejected by them was within Luo Zheng's expectations. They naturally couldn't leave their fate in the hands of a nameless masked person.
At this moment, everyone's mood was very heavy. This difficult choice was a test for everyone.
After a long silence, the long-haired woman suddenly said, "Then let me do it. I've studied formations before. Although I'm not a master, I can be considered proficient."
After the long-haired woman finished speaking, no one said anything. Although they didn't have much confidence in the long-haired woman, they didn't have a better choice at this moment.
Seeing that no one objected, the long-haired woman stretched out her hand and began to deduce the eight trigrams formation. After a while, she suddenly raised her head. A stream of qi appeared in her hand and covered a sculpture. Then, with a shout, the hat-like qi wrapped around the sculpture and slowly moved it.
＝＝＝＝＝

Chapter 140
"Rumble …"
The first statue was slowly dragged to the 'Qian' character.
Luo Zheng remembered that Che Daozi's records had recorded 'Qian Three'. This meant that three statues had to be dragged to the 'Qian' character.
After the long-haired woman dragged the first statue, she lowered her head and continued to calculate. After she calculated the result, she sent the second statue to the 'Qian' character.
Before long, she finished her calculations and placed the third statue on the 'Qian' character.
Luo Zheng nodded slightly. Even though this long-haired woman said that she was only proficient, it seemed like she was still being modest. Her first calculation was exactly the same as Che Daozi's. It was Qian 3. Hopefully, she would be able to calculate the rest correctly.
When the three statues pressed down on the "Qian" character, the huge "Qian" character emitted a golden light. Clearly, this result was correct.
Everyone's confidence was boosted when they saw the long-haired woman's calculations were correct.
"Sister Yun's attainments in formations are extraordinary!"
"How is she only proficient? She's clearly a formation grandmaster! "
Everyone began to flatter her.
Sister Yun shook her head and pushed her long hair to the back of her head. She then said, "Don't be happy too early. Deducing the first word of the array is the easiest. The further you go, the more complicated the situation becomes. The probability of making a mistake also increases!"
She lowered her head and continued her calculations.
Then she placed six statues on the 'Kun' character. Her results matched Che Daozi's.
Luo Zheng's confidence was boosted when he saw that she was correct.
Next, Sister Yun placed two statues on top of the word 'Kan', and then placed nine statues on top of the word 'Li'.
The four consecutive words were all correct. Those four words emitted a golden light that was extremely dazzling. However, everyone stared at those words with a happy expression on their faces.
"Looks like this exploration is bound to be more daunting than dangerous. We'll be able to get our hands on the immortal's supreme treasure soon!" a Radiant Spirit said excitedly.
Next was the fifth character of the eight trigrams, the 'Dui' character.
Luo Zheng remembered that Che Daozi's result was' Dui Four '. This meant that four statues should be placed on the' Dui 'character.
Sister Yun continued to release her true essence and dragged four statues to the 'Dui' character. However, after dragging four statues, she tried to drag the fifth statue!
"Stop!" Seeing that Sister Yun was about to drag the fifth statue to the "Dui" character, Luo Zheng decisively stopped her.
This was a serious matter and couldn't be careless. Luo Zheng didn't want to trigger the immortal mansion's mechanism and send him to hell because of her mistake.
"Brat, what's the matter?" Elder Huang glared and asked fiercely.
"Only four statues can be placed on the 'Dui' character, right? Are you wrong? "Luo Zheng asked Sister Yun.
Sister Yun frowned. There was some hesitation on her face. "I did calculate it just now, but I don't have much confidence in the result. I'm not sure if it's the fourth or the fifth one …"
Luo Zheng shook his head and said with certainty, "Then there are only four!"
"Is that so? But the result I calculated seems to be five. "Sister Yun's face was full of uncertainty.
"Then it's five. Sister Yun, don't listen to this brat's nonsense and disturb your train of thought," a Divine Realm expert said. "Brat, we're already being generous by not killing you. If you continue to speak nonsense and disturb Sister Yun's train of thought, I'll kill you immediately!"
Elder Huang nodded. "Don't be fooled by this brat. He wants us to make a mistake and be buried with him. How vicious!"
These two people were so unreasonable that Luo Zheng was a little anxious. "I'm now in the same boat as you. Why should I lie to you?"
"Stop talking!" Elder Huang's true essence flickered. "Brat, one more word and I'll kill you immediately."
On the other side, Wanderer Wuyue and the other Illuminating Spirit Realm powerhouses circulated their True Essence, emitting layers of light and boundless power.
Under the pressure of this power, Luo Zheng could only choose to shut up.
Sister Yun hesitated for a moment, then shook her lips. In the end, she decided to believe in herself.
"Rumble …"
The moment the fifth statue moved to the "Dui" character, everyone heard a "pa da" sound. The "Dui" character didn't turn gold, but bright red!
When everyone saw this scene, their expressions changed greatly. At this moment, they understood that Luo Zheng was actually correct!
But it was too late. There was no medicine for regret in this world.
The Eight Trigrams suddenly rotated. When the rotation of the Eight Trigrams slowly stopped, a black and white smoke escaped from the center of the Eight Trigrams. The black and white smoke formed four large words.
"Desperate Battle!"
"What do these four words mean?"
"Dangerous, I can tell it's dangerous just by looking at it!"
The Divine Illumination Realm experts all paled. Given the strength of the immortal abode, it was likely that they would die this time.
When the words disappeared, a strand of quintessential essence shot out from the eight trigrams. The moment the quintessential essence appeared, it shot towards Sister Yun and enveloped her. Then it bounced off Sister Yun's body and shot towards a Divine Reflection Realm expert beside her. After the quintessential essence wrapped around the Divine Reflection Realm expert, it also wrapped around Elder Huang.
When the true essence shot toward Luo Zheng, Luo Zheng suddenly jumped. He wanted to avoid it, but the true essence spread too fast and too strange. As soon as Luo Zheng jumped, the true essence seemed to have its own intelligence. It quickly changed directions and wrapped around Luo Zheng.
At this point, everyone in the pavilion was connected by the true essence.
"This true essence is binding me. What is it trying to do?" Luo Zheng lowered his head and looked at the true essence coiled around his waist. For a moment, he didn't understand what was going on.
However, as soon as a thought rose in Luo Zheng's mind, he understood the true essence's intentions.
The so-called Life Ending Battle was a battle between all the people who were connected by True Essence. In the end, only one person could survive.
Everyone's expression changed from bewilderment to shock.
Everyone looked at each other, feeling extremely conflicted in their hearts.
This was tantamount to having them kill each other!
Although the conflicts between the seven noble families were not small, and most of the time, these noble families were in a state of competition with each other. But now, they were comrades-in-arms who were exploring the immortal mansion together. It was very difficult for them to kill each other in a sober state.
Killing each other was difficult, but it was easy to unite against an external enemy.
At the very least, there was an "outsider" in front of them who was worthy of being united against. That was Luo Zheng.
"What desperate battle? Let's kill this masked brat first!" Huang Lao was restless from the beginning. He wanted to get rid of Luo Zheng first. Now, he had a high-sounding reason. As soon as Huang Lao finished speaking, all the bones in his body cracked. Then, the true essence in his body burned crazily, and he pounced on Luo Zheng.
Luo Zheng naturally wouldn't stand in place and wait for death. He also quickly retreated.
Just as Huang Lao pounced on Luo Zheng, a sword intent directly pressed towards Huang Lao. That sword intent was extremely sharp. With a "puchi" sound, the sword intent directly pierced through Huang Lao's chest!
Huang Lao looked back with an incredulous expression. It was Wuyue Sanren, holding an exquisite jade sword. He said indifferently, "I'm sorry, only one person can survive this desperate battle. That person must be me!"
Wuyue Sanren saw the problem more clearly than Huang Lao. In this desperate battle, only one person could survive. The other Divine Reflection Realm experts were his real opponents. In his view, Luo Zheng was just a little half-step Xiantian. He was destined to be killed. There was no need to care about him.
It was this idea that saved Luo Zheng's life.
Just now, the Divine Reflection Realm experts wanted to attack Luo Zheng, but now they were fighting each other.
Sister Yun, who helped them break the Eight Trigrams Formation, was being chased by two Divine Reflection Realm experts!
Although this huge pavilion was very spacious, except for Luo Zheng, the others were all Divine Reflection Realm experts. Under the burning of True Essence, their speed was extremely fast. In this small space, it was impossible to dodge.
For a moment, the huge pavilion was filled with True Essence of various colors. The Divine Reflection Realm experts of the Huang, Yu, and Yun families all used their strongest killing moves. Various colors of True Essence of different colors intertwined in the air, shining brightly and emitting waves of power.
Those who were able to enter the Divine Reflection Realm were all extremely smart people. If they didn't do their best, it was very likely that they would be the ones to die.
In a situation where everyone was in danger, Luo Zheng was the safest at this moment.
Many people would occasionally stop to look at Luo Zheng when they were chasing or escaping. However, after realizing that this kid was only a half-step Xiantian, they would pass by him. They didn't want to attack him at all.
As long as they dealt with the others, it would be easy to turn around and kill this kid. If they attacked Luo Zheng now, they would have to risk being ambushed by other Divine Reflection Realm experts. Therefore, no one attacked Luo Zheng.
Luo Zheng looked at the True Essence in front of him and smiled bitterly. It seemed that no matter the result of this battle, he would have to face at least one Divine Reflection Realm expert.
Last time, Luo Zheng used Xu Xiu's Five-Clawed Golden Dragon to almost kill Xu Xiu.
In terms of true strength, he was probably not a match for a Divine Reflection Realm expert.
Looking at the chaotic battle in front of him, Luo Zheng had time to think. "What should I do?"
At this moment, a Divine Reflection Realm expert suddenly summoned a giant eagle. After the eagle appeared, it let out a sharp cry and charged at Wanderer Wuyue.
Wanderer Wuyue's body flashed with azure light and the jade sword in his hand shone brightly. At the same time, he dodged the eagle's attack and stabbed at the Divine Reflection Realm expert.

Chapter 141
Seeing this, Luo Zheng's mind moved. He seized this opportunity to circulate the True Essence in his body and threw out a punch.
"Demonic Shaking the Heavens!"
After the black fist formed from the Heavenly Demon Zhen Qi hit the giant eagle, it quickly changed from a grayish brown to a completely black color.
Luo Zheng smiled and beckoned the black eagle with his finger. Under Luo Zheng's control, the black eagle landed on Luo Zheng's shoulder.
"Ah, that brat!" The Divine Realm expert who summoned the giant eagle pointed at Luo Zheng and shouted.
"Heh heh, you should take care of yourself first!" Wanderer Wuyue didn't listen at all and continued to chase after the Divine Realm expert with the Exquisite Jade Sword.
The person that was able to survive until the end would be able to obtain everything within this immortal estate. Not to mention that only one person could survive in the 'life threatening battle', based on the selfishness of human nature, they were unwilling to share the various benefits within this immortal estate with a second person!
Luo Zheng brought the giant eagle and walked to the edge of the pavilion, careful not to get involved in the battle.
If someone's true essence incarnation was too close to him, he would control the black eagle on his shoulder to devour the opponent's true essence.
Not long after, the black eagle on Luo Zheng's shoulder grew larger and larger. It went from the size of a person to three zhang tall!
It was a living colossus!
Such a huge black eagle couldn't even fit on Luo Zheng's shoulder. Luo Zheng could only control it to hover nearby and wait for his orders.
Although the Divine Realm experts whose true essence was devoured by Luo Zheng were shocked and suspicious, they couldn't afford to be distracted in the face of an expert of the same level. They could only watch as their true essence incarnations were devoured.
"Ah! Ah! "
Another scream rang out as another Divine Reflection Realm expert fell. That Divine Reflection Realm expert was directly pierced by a five-colored spear. The wielder of the spear was naturally also in the Divine Reflection Realm.
Not far away, two Divine Reflection Realm experts were chasing after Sister Yun, wielding two identical long sabers.
Not only did the two have the same weapons, their clothes were similar, and even their appearance was exactly the same. These two should be a pair of twin brothers.
Sister Yun might be intelligent, but she wasn't good at offense. At this moment, under the sharp blades of the two brothers, she was forced to retreat.
"Sister Yun, I think you shouldn't run. It's best if you take off your clothes and serve us brothers!"
"This place is only so big, where can you run to?"
The two brothers chased while spouting obscenities.
In the end, Sister Yun was forced into a corner by the two brothers. With nowhere to retreat, she shouted: "You dare to attack me! If today's matter spread, even your Forbidden Yu Family won't be able to protect you! "
The two brothers' faces were full of indifference as they said complacently, "Do you think anyone can spread this news today?"
Sister Yun's expression dimmed, and her heart was filled with regret. She suddenly thought of the masked brat who warned her not to move the fifth statue. It seemed that brat knew something! Unfortunately, there was no path of regret in this world.
When she was being chased by the two brothers, she noticed that the masked brat was using a unique method to devour other people's true essence.
Perhaps he could lend him a helping hand? Thinking of this, her pair of beautiful eyes filled with despair found Luo Zheng. Then she waved at Luo Zheng and the true essence in her body flowed out.
Soon, a huge blue ball of light appeared above Luo Zheng's head.
Luo Zheng had seen this ball of light before. In order to ensure that the Thunder Leopard wouldn't be affected by the giant puppet, the long-haired woman called Sister Yun had covered the Thunder Leopard.
At this moment, she had gathered such a large amount of true essence. What was her intention? Was she giving it to him to devour?
Luo Zheng's gaze met with Elder Sister Yun's. Elder Sister Yun nodded her head and a look of determination flashed in her eyes. She ignited the remaining True Yuan in her body, causing her entire body to explode.
"Tsk, tsk, tsk. She would rather die than let us brothers have a look." One of them shook his head with a regretful expression. At this moment, he suddenly heard the sound of wind behind him.
"Puchi!"
A broadsword pierced through his chest. The man looked at the broadsword and realized that it was his brother's broadsword. He turned his head and looked at his brother in disbelief. He never thought that the one who killed him would be his own brother. "Second brother, why did you … kill me?"
His brother shook his head and said: "I'm sorry, big brother. Today, there are so many people, but only one can live. I don't want the last opponent to be you! I'll take care of father and mother. "
In the distance, Luo Zheng saw this scene and couldn't help but sigh.
If the long-haired woman had listened to him before, these Divine Reflection experts would not have fallen to the point of killing each other. Now that everyone was trapped in this "desperate battle" formation, there was no other way out except to kill each other.
Even between brothers, the most basic trust had been lost.
Taking advantage of the fact that the blue ball of light that Sister Yun had condensed at the last moment of her life had not disappeared, Luo Zheng's mind moved, and the black eagle rushed into the blue ball of light.
When the black eagle completely transformed the blue ball of light into Heavenly Devil Zhen Qi, the black eagle's size expanded several times!
Luo Zheng was still in no hurry to act. He stood in place, waiting for an opportunity.
When the desperate battle mechanism was activated, everyone was connected by a thin strand of true essence. At the beginning, everyone had only one strand of true essence, so it was very disorderly.
But as this chaotic battle progressed, more and more Divine Reflection experts fell, and with each death, a strand of True Essence that connected everyone was severed.
In the end, there were only three strands connected to each other.
One of them was Luo Zheng, and one of the two Divine Reflection experts was Wanderer Wuyue, and the other was an old man with a dragon-headed walking stick.
At this moment, Wanderer Wuyue and the old man were fighting fiercely.
To be able to survive until the end, there was no doubt that these two people were not to be underestimated, whether in terms of wisdom or strength.
These two people understood that only one of them could survive, and that person would certainly become the master of this immortal mansion's treasury!
As for the masked boy who had been watching from the side, he was only a half-step Xiantian, so there was no need to fear him.
Just one step, and he would succeed. These two Divine Reflection experts were fighting fiercely. Their raging true essence burned crazily, and their pressure filled every corner of the pavilion. Even Luo Zheng, who was watching from afar, was affected, and had no choice but to stand behind the black eagle.
"Bang! Bang! Bang! "
After several violent explosions, Luo Zheng came out from behind the black eagle. Not far away, the raging true essence gradually dissipated. Finally, the one who stood up was Wanderer Wuyue, who was holding the exquisite jade sword.
At this moment, Wanderer Wuyue was in a very difficult situation. His clothes were torn, and his hair was burned in many places. He walked with a limp, and at the same time, cursed: "This old thing, before dying, he still wants to throw me into the water, dream on!"
After Wanderer Wuyue finished speaking, he suddenly looked at his chest, which was still bound by the true essence. In the fierce battle just now, he had completely forgotten that he still had one opponent left in the pavilion!
When Wanderer Wuyue saw Luo Zheng, he remembered that he still had to deal with this boy. At the same time, his face relaxed. It was just a half-step Xiantian little reptile. Even if he was seriously injured at the moment, it was still quite easy for him to pinch a little reptile to death.
Wanderer Wuyue slowly approached Luo Zheng and said loudly: "Boy, now you have two options. The first option is for you to commit suicide immediately, don't waste my time. The second option is for me to kill you. As punishment, I will make your death very painful!"
Luo Zheng narrowed his eyes, "What if I choose the third option?"
Wanderer Wuyue shook his head and said: "I don't have a third option!"
"Hahaha," Luo Zheng suddenly laughed wildly and said: "My path, why should it be determined by you? Who do you think you are! The third option is for me to kill you! "
After speaking, Luo Zheng stretched out his hand, and the energy of the phoenix crystal in his right hand instantly poured into the black eagle next to him. When the black eagle absorbed the energy of the phoenix crystal, its speed suddenly increased by ten times. Under the control of Luo Zheng, the black eagle, which had swallowed a lot of true essence, rushed towards Wanderer Wuyue like a roc!
In fact, Wanderer Wuyue had already noticed the black eagle next to Luo Zheng. This black eagle was so huge that even Wanderer Wuyue himself felt scared by the power it contained. However, after thinking about it, he realized that the one controlling this black eagle was only a half-step Xiantian boy.
With the control ability of a half-step Xiantian, this black eagle was no threat to him.
The true qi of a half-step Xiantian warrior had not yet transformed into true essence, so he was not very skilled in controlling his true essence. Therefore, even though this black eagle was powerful, it was far from being able to catch up with Wanderer Wuyue's ghost-like speed.
However, when the black eagle formed by the Heavenly Devil Zhen Qi combined with the phoenix crystal's energy, a qualitative change suddenly occurred. After the black eagle's speed suddenly increased by ten times, even Wanderer Wuyue, who was good at speed and agility, was shocked.
"Whoosh whoosh!"
The black eagle turned into a strong wind and rushed towards Wanderer Wuyue.
Although Wanderer Wuyue had risked his life to fight the old man and his body had suffered a lot of injuries, he was still a Divine Reflection Realm expert. His speed and reaction were far from what ordinary people could compare with. Even if he was limping, he still managed to avoid the black eagle's attack.
"This black eagle of yours is really strange. It has accumulated to such an extent that even this old man is ashamed of his inferiority! Although its speed is fast, in the end, there is still a big difference. You want to rely on this black eagle to deal with me? Dream on! " When he said the last two words, Wanderer Wuyue's eyes flashed. His whole body floated into the air at an extremely high speed. Holding the exquisite jade sword in his hand, he directly stabbed towards Luo Zheng.
Under the full power of these Divine Reflection Realm experts, their speed had reached a terrifying level. Wanderer Wuyue was still some distance away from Luo Zheng, but in the blink of an eye, the exquisite jade sword stabbed towards Luo Zheng, less than a meter away!
"So fast!" Startled, Luo Zheng immediately urged the phoenix crystal in his arm. His whole body's speed increased by ten times. Coupled with the sudden burst of power from his legs, he rushed to the side more than ten zhang away, barely avoiding Wanderer Wuyue's stab.
Luo Zheng was a half-step Xiantian, so he could not burn his true essence and naturally could not fly. However, Wanderer Wuyue could. Since his stab did not hit, he immediately turned and chased after Luo Zheng.

Chapter 142
Although Luo Zheng could use the energy provided by the Soaring Phoenix Crystal to increase his speed and barely avoid Wanderer Wuyue's pursuit, Luo Zheng knew that he couldn't escape.
However, Luo Zheng knew very well that being chased by Wanderer Wuyue like this was absolutely not a solution. If this continued, there would come a time when he would be killed by Wanderer Wuyue.
"No, I have to find a way to counterattack!" Luo Zheng thought as he dodged. Previously, he had wanted to use the devouring characteristic of the Heavenly Demon True Qi to accumulate a huge killing move to deal with the enemy.
But now it seemed that he had underestimated Divine Realm powerhouses. They were much stronger than Xiantian life forms.
If that huge black eagle could hit Wanderer Wuyue, he would still have a glimmer of hope. But Wanderer Wuyue's movements were so fast that the black eagle couldn't do anything to him. What could he do?
"Pu!"
Just as Luo Zheng was thinking, a ball of true essence suddenly burned behind Wanderer Wuyue. His figure suddenly increased by three times, and he rushed towards Luo Zheng. At the same time, he brandished his jade sword, leaving a deep wound on Luo Zheng's shoulder.
"Eh?" After Wanderer Wuyue cut Luo Zheng's sword, his face revealed an expression of surprise.
Although Wanderer Wuyue's jade sword was edgeless, it could still be considered a middle grade spirit weapon. Just now, when he swung his sword, he originally wanted to chop down on that brat's shoulder and cut half of his body. However, when he chopped down on that small shoulder blade, his jade sword seemed to have suffered a great obstruction.
"Boy, are your bones this hard? Impossible, you must have some protective treasure. "Wanderer Wuyue floated in the air and said to Luo Zheng indifferently," But it doesn't matter, I'll just cut you open with my sword! "
Luo Zheng's chest had an additional spirit pattern. His body had already entered the mid-grade spirit weapon level, and its strength had greatly increased.
But no matter how hard his body was, it couldn't block Wanderer Wuyue's jade sword. If he couldn't hit Wanderer Wuyue, he was afraid that he would really die here today.
"I can't run anymore!" Luo Zheng secretly warned himself that when facing someone who was more ruthless than him, he had to be even more ruthless than him. He had no chance of winning if he blindly ran away.
"Give up. If you've stepped into the Xiantian realm and can use Zhen Yuan, then with my injuries today, I really might lose to you. Although your performance far surpasses your peers, and even those Xiantian lifeforms, you have no chance of winning against me!"
After Martial Artist Wuyue finished speaking, a cyan True Essence suddenly began to burn fiercely behind him. His entire body suddenly turned into a cyan line, once again slashing towards Luo Zheng.
"I won't retreat!" Luo Zheng stood in place, as steady as Mount Tai. His eyes were filled with determination.
Since he had chosen to fight with his life on the line, he had to use all of his trump cards!
More than a hundred dragon scales lit up in an instant. At the same time, the throwing knife in Luo Zheng's hand pierced towards Wuyue Sanren.
After throwing out the flying dagger, Luo Zheng controlled the Black Eagle to rush towards him.
"Whoosh!"
Wuyue Sanren dodged Luo Zheng's throwing knife at a strange angle, still holding the exquisite jade sword. This time, he aimed at Luo Zheng's neck. As long as his jade sword cut Luo Zheng's neck, Luo Zheng's head would be cut off. He didn't believe that this kid's bones were so hard that he couldn't cut through them!
"Puff! Kacha! "
Facing Wuyue Sanren's exquisite jade sword, Luo Zheng didn't dodge. Instead, he suddenly raised his arm and hugged Wuyue Sanren's jade sword.
Bright red blood burst out from Luo Zheng's arm. The exquisite jade sword cut through Luo Zheng's skin and flesh, and was actually stuck in Luo Zheng's bones.
At this time, Luo Zheng had already activated the power of more than a hundred dragon scales. At this moment, he was like a giant with infinite strength, forcibly holding Wuyue Sanren's jade sword in his arm.
"Huh?" Wuyue Sanren tried to pull the exquisite jade sword out, but he couldn't pull it out. He didn't expect that this kid's body was not only incomparably hard, but also ridiculously strong. It was simply not the strength of a half-step Xiantian ant!
Wuyue Sanren secretly gathered his strength, and once again used all his strength to pull the exquisite jade sword out. Even with the strength of a Divine Realm powerhouse, he still forcibly pulled it out a few inches. The sword edge cut Luo Zheng's arm and ribs, splashing out more blood.
However, Luo Zheng still didn't let go. His eyes were as bright as the stars, and they were filled with a resolute look.
If I don't live, then I will die. I, Luo Zheng, have everything I have now, and this time will be no exception.
Wuyue Sanren tried to pull the exquisite jade sword out of Luo Zheng's body twice, but he still couldn't pull it out. At this moment, his complexion greatly changed. At the same time, the huge black eagle in the sky also came down from above.
Wuyue Sanren had also been through many battles to reach his current position. Although he was facing a half-step Xiantian kid, he didn't have the slightest contempt. Every move he made was done with all his strength, and he was ruthless in killing.
At this moment, he found that he couldn't pull out the exquisite jade sword, so he decisively gave up the exquisite jade sword. He loosened his grip on the sword hilt and retreated.
However, Luo Zheng's face carried a trace of a smile: "Now you want to leave? It's too late! "
After Luo Zheng finished speaking, a yellow soul spike instantly popped out from his mind, and ruthlessly pierced towards Wuyue Sanren's head.
This Wuyue Sanren was worthy of being a Divine Realm powerhouse. Not only did he pay attention to the cultivation of his body, but he also practiced the "Soul Refining Secret Technique"!
Although Luo Zheng's "Frightening Soul Spike" appeared very abruptly and caught people off guard, it didn't affect Wuyue Sanren much. Wuyue Sanren also didn't roll on the ground after being stabbed by Luo Zheng's "Frightening Soul Spike" like other martial artists.
The Frightening Soul Spike only caused Wuyue Sanren to be momentarily absent-minded.
However, this insignificant absent-mindedness was enough to affect the entire battle situation.
In the instant that Wuyue Sanren was absent-minded, the huge black eagle in the sky had already rushed down.
After the influence of the Frightening Soul Spike disappeared, Wuyue Sanren's mind slowly recovered, and he retreated to dodge.
However, it was already too late. The huge black eagle was only one zhang away from Wuyue Sanren. This distance, with the power of the phoenix crystal, could be reached in an instant!
As a result, Wuyue Sanren, who couldn't dodge, suddenly roared.
"Jadeite Barrier!"
Wuyue Sanren wasn't proficient in barriers, but he had a technique that could condense a barrier to save his life!
Ever since he entered the Divine Reflection Realm, Wuyue Sanren couldn't remember how long it had been since he used this technique. He didn't expect that he would have to use this life-saving technique against a half-step Xiantian brat!
An oval-shaped green barrier that looked like an egg enveloped him.
"Rumble!"
When Wuyue Sanren's barrier unfolded, the black eagle swooped down, and endless Heavenly Devil True Qi attacked the jadeite barrier.
However, this jadeite barrier was actually so stable. This life-saving technique was indeed extraordinary.
Seeing that his jadeite barrier could block the surging purple-black True Qi outside, Wuyue Sanren's face revealed a trace of a proud smile. Although his carelessness had almost caused him to fail miserably, in the end, it was more daunting than dangerous.
As long as he could endure this brat's attack, the next round would be his to take this brat's life. Through the translucent jadeite barrier, Wuyue Sanren's eyes were full of killing intent. In a moment, he must properly torture this brat. He absolutely couldn't let him die so easily.
"The strength of this jadeite barrier is about the same as Yun Luo's transparent barrier. In that case …" Luo Zheng pulled out the Exquisite Jade Sword stuck between his ribs and casually threw it behind him, directly inserting it into the pavilion's huge pillar.
At the same time, he endured the several wounds on his body and stimulated the energy of the "Blood Jade Crystal" in his left hand, then punched the jadeite barrier.
"Hehe, it's useless. Even a Divine Reflection Realm expert would have trouble destroying this jadeite barrier, let alone a half-step Xiantian brat like you!" Wuyue Sanren sneered inside the jadeite barrier, but soon, his sneer froze on his face.
Luo Zheng's punch left a red spider web like crack in the jadeite barrier. Then, Luo Zheng waved his other fist and suddenly smashed the red crack.
"Boom, Pata …"
The crack in the jadeite barrier was slowly and unceasingly expanding.
At the same time, the red energy also wandered in the crack. Wuyue Sanren wanted to stimulate his True Essence to repair the crack, but he found that because of the existence of the red energy, he simply couldn't repair it!
"No, no, how can this be!" Realizing the seriousness of the problem, Wuyue Sanren screamed miserably. Looking at the surging purple True Qi above his head, he knew very well what kind of fate he would face once the jadeite barrier was broken.
"I don't want to die, I beg you! Let me go, I, Wuyue Sanren, am a man of my word. I will never attack you again! "Wuyue Sanren repeatedly pleaded.
Standing outside the jadeite barrier, Luo Zheng said coldly, "That's not what you said just now?"
"That's because I have eyes but failed to recognize Mount Tai. You're a great person and you don't mind my offense …" Wuyue Sanren continued to plead bitterly, "I really don't want to die, I can't die!"
Luo Zheng said, "Unfortunately, you forgot this," Luo Zheng said as he pointed to the True Essence binding him and Wuyue Sanren. In a desperate battle, only one person could survive!
As more and more lines appeared on the jadeite barrier, the entire jadeite barrier was enveloped by a blood-colored barrier, and the barrier became more and more unstable.
"Kuang!"
Finally, the barrier could not withstand the tremendous pressure and shattered with a loud bang.
The moment the barrier shattered, Wuyue Sanren still wanted to rush out against the black eagle formed by the Heavenly Demon True Qi above his head!
But halfway through, a muffled sound came. Wuyue Sanren's eyes were wide open with anger, and his face was full of disbelief.
A bloody hole appeared on top of Wuyue Sanren's head, and blood gurgled out.
In order to prepare for Wuyue Sanren's forceful charge, Luo Zheng hid the broken flying dagger in advance. Under Wuyue Sanren's charge, it was equivalent to smashing his head against the broken flying dagger.
Under such a collision, it was equivalent to Wuyue Sanren ending his own life!
After the death of Wanderer Wuyue, the "Desperate Battle" was removed. The strand of True Essence connected to Luo Zheng also gradually dissipated. Only then did Luo Zheng sit down on the ground.
＝＝＝＝＝

Chapter 143
It was too difficult for Luo Zheng to rely on his own strength to kill a Divine Reflection expert. If Wanderer Wuyue hadn't been seriously injured, Luo Zheng wouldn't have had a chance.
Even so, Luo Zheng had only won by a small margin.
A rumbling sound came from the eight trigrams. It turned out that the statues were slowly leaving the words and returning to their original positions.
Luo Zheng sat on the ground and rested for a moment before getting up.
Luo Zheng sighed as he looked at the corpses of the Celestial Realm experts. If they had believed him, the situation would not have escalated to such an unsalvageable state.
Luo Zheng picked up the weapons in the hands of these Celestial experts. These weapons were not cheap. There were many low-grade spirit weapons, a few mid-grade spirit weapons, and even one high-grade spirit weapon!
Since these people were already dead, these spirit tools naturally belonged to Luo Zheng.
After collecting their weapons, Luo Zheng walked towards the statues.
Following the method recorded by Che Daozi, Luo Zheng began to move the statues.
"The first is Qian Three." Luo Zheng pushed three statues to the "Qian" character.
"The second is Kun Six." Luo Zheng pushed six statues to the "Kun" character.
"The third is …"
"The fourth …"
"And the last …"
It wasn't until Luo Zheng pushed all the statues to the corresponding characters that the Eight Trigrams inlaid on the ground began to slowly rotate.
The outer circle of the eight trigrams rotated for a while before the sound of a mechanism could be heard.
"Clack!"
When the outer circle stopped, the inner circle began to rotate.
"Clack!"
When the sound of a mechanism clicking came from the inner circle, the entire Eight Trigrams began to emit a white light.
"Success!" Luo Zheng was delighted.
He was secretly looking forward to what would happen after breaking the eight trigrams.
The white light gradually disappeared, but when it did, a "person" appeared in the eight trigrams.
Upon closer inspection, this "person" was actually just a puppet. However, this puppet was the only normal thing in this immortal abode that Luo Zheng believed to be. This was because this puppet was only as tall as a person, about the same size as Luo Zheng.
When the puppet appeared, it murmured: "Three thousand years … three thousand years … someone has finally appeared!"
Although the puppet didn't display any offensive abilities, Luo Zheng still raised his guard and distanced himself from the humanoid puppet. This humanoid puppet could actually speak, and from its excited appearance, it seemed to be able to express its own emotions!
"Who are you?" Luo Zheng asked cautiously.
"Me? You can just call me Ah Fu. I'm a servant of this immortal residence … "The humanoid puppet introduced itself.
"Afo? Are you a puppet or a person? " It wasn't that Luo Zheng hadn't seen puppets before. Even the best craftsmen in the Eastern Domain could only make puppets that could walk. However, a puppet that could speak and have emotions like a human was unheard of. Therefore, Luo Zheng suspected that Afo was a human in disguise.
"Of course I'm a puppet … If only I were a human, I would be able to grow old in peace and die in peace. Being immortal and indestructible like this is the greatest torture!" Ah Fu seemed to be in low spirits.
Hearing Afo's words, Luo Zheng was a bit confused. "The ultimate pursuit of martial arts is immortality. Why do you want to die in this mansion?"
Fu chuckled. "If you were imprisoned in a place with no one to accompany you all day long, you'd be alone for thousands of years. Would you want to die?"
Luo Zheng was silent for a while. Afo's words made sense. It would be better to die than be lonely for such a long time. "But you're just a puppet. How can you feel lonely?"
Afo shook his head. "Although my body is a puppet, it was actually refined by the owner of this mansion by extracting a person's soul. Therefore, I can be considered a person from the bottom of my heart."
Extracting a person's soul and refining it into a puppet!
Luo Zheng had never heard of such a miraculous secret technique. It was truly miraculous.
Seeing Luo Zheng's shocked expression, Afo continued, "But fortunately, I've been waiting for this for three thousand years. Finally, the fourth person has come."
"The fourth person?" Luo Zheng asked curiously, "Has someone else broken into this mansion before?"
Afo nodded. "Of course there have been people who have broken into Immortal Mansion! But they all failed and died. I hope … you can succeed. I really don't want to wait any longer. "
"All failed? Died? What do you mean? "Luo Zheng frowned.
"If you want to become the owner of Immortal Mansion, you have to pass the test. Naturally, there are dangers in the test. If you fail, you will naturally die …" Afo said slowly.
"If I fail, I will die. Can I choose not to take the test?" Luo Zheng stared at Afo.
Afo chuckled. "According to the rules, you can. Powerful immortals won't force others to become the owner of their mansion. Only those who are truly fated are qualified. But … I don't want to wait any longer. I want to seize every opportunity. So even if you don't take the test, you must take it. Otherwise, I won't let you leave."
This …
Luo Zheng was a bit depressed. According to Afo, he was going to force him to take the test. He had no choice but to take the test.
Fu saw through Luo Zheng's thoughts and quickly said, "Don't worry. In order to let you pass the test, I will do my best to help you. I have waited for you for thousands of years. Although the test is very dangerous, I will do my best to help you …"
Luo Zheng sighed. "Okay then. How do I pass the test? Where do I take the test? "
Afo waved his hand. "Follow me!"
Then, Fu turned around and walked towards the back. At this moment, the pink barrier that enveloped the gazebo slowly disappeared.
Luo Zheng watched as Fu slowly walked forward. He thought to himself, 'Why don't I take advantage of this opportunity to escape? As long as I use my advantage in speed to return to that jade path, I'll be able to retreat. Those Xiantian life forms outside aren't much of a threat to me.'
But after thinking about it, Luo Zheng gave up. It wasn't easy to come in here, and he even survived the desperate battle. He couldn't return empty-handed. That would be really depressing!
After leaving the pavilion, Afo and Luo Zheng set foot on another jade path. The end of this path led to another area in the mansion.
When Afo and Luo Zheng walked on this jade path, the Koi fishes gathered again.
"Splash!"
A Koi fish jumped up and threw itself at Afo and Luo Zheng.
"Careful!" Luo Zheng warned.
Previously, Luo Zheng had witnessed the might of these Koi Carps. Even the Divine Reflection Realm expert had been torn to shreds by them.
Afo raised his head and looked at the Koi fish. He stretched out his hand. His fingers, which were like withered wood, instantly extended to a distance of seventy to eighty feet!
The five fingers sank into the Koi fish and pierced through it. The Koi fish wagged its tail in the air, but couldn't break free from Afo's hand.
Afo squeezed his hand gently. Those fingers immediately cut the giant Koi fish into several pieces. Afo casually threw the pieces into the water.
"These Koi fishes have been raised for too long. They've become disobedient. I remember a few thousand years ago, when Master was here, these Koi fishes didn't dare to be so impudent." Afo said while retracting his fingers.
Seeing this scene, Luo Zheng was secretly shocked. Fortunately, he didn't choose to run away. Although Afo was a puppet, with this kind of strength, let alone him, even Divine Realm experts would be killed in a second.
The Koi fish that was cut into pieces fell into the water. Immediately, the other Koi fishes started fighting over it. For a moment, the calm pond kept rolling, setting off waves like a tsunami.
Fortunately, these Koi fishes weren't stupid. Seeing their comrade cut into pieces by Afo, they just hid under the water on both sides. But none of them dared to jump up and attack Afo and Luo Zheng.
Because Afo walked slowly, it took a long time to walk down the jade path. Finally, they passed through the door and arrived at the courtyard.
As soon as they entered, Luo Zheng saw three puppets at the edge of the courtyard. However, the craftsmanship of these puppets wasn't as good as Afo's.
Seeing Luo Zheng's gaze on the three puppets, Afo said, "You can choose first, these puppets are for you."
"What do you mean?" Luo Zheng asked.
"If you fail the test, I will save you and pull out your soul and seal it in this puppet. You will live with me for a long time …" Afo looked at the three puppets and said, "The souls of those who failed also live in these puppets. Unfortunately, my craftsmanship isn't as good as the master of Immortal Abode. The soul wood in these puppets can only nourish the soul for a thousand years. It can't make it truly immortal."
So in order to find a companion to accompany him, Afo made some puppets.
Those who entered Immortal Abode and didn't pass the test were refined into these puppets.
However, Afo's craftsmanship wasn't the same as a true immortal's. Although the puppets weren't damaged, the souls would slowly wither away after a thousand years.

Chapter 144
But at this moment, Luo Zheng was most concerned about the content of the test.
"Afo, as you said, since it's a test for the Immortals, then I'm only a half-step Xiantian. How can I pass this test?" Luo Zheng frowned and asked.
With the means of the legendary Immortals, if they really set a difficult test, not to mention a little Luo Zheng, even those powerful people in the Eastern Region wouldn't be able to pass it.
Afo smiled and pointed at the scenery in the courtyard, "Look at this courtyard, every object is more than a hundred times bigger than you, right?"
Luo Zheng nodded. This courtyard was originally designed for the Immortals. Even the walls were hundreds of feet high. Luo Zheng walked in the courtyard, like a little ant crawling on the ground.
"Then don't you think it's strange that I appear in front of you in this form?" Afo said with a smile.
Before entering the Immortal Mansion, everything he saw and heard was very big, but only Afo's puppet body was about the same size as him. This was indeed very strange.
"Since the Immortals choose their successors, they will naturally take this into consideration. If they set the test according to their own strength, I'm afraid no one will be able to inherit this Immortal Mansion," Afo continued, "The tests they set up will only be used to challenge your limits. The stronger you are, the more difficult the test will be. If you can surpass your limits, then you will definitely pass!"
So that's it. Luo Zheng sighed. The Immortals are really resourceful. This test is tailor-made for their successors!
Thinking about it, the previous "Desperate Battle" mechanism was also designed for this purpose. Through a desperate battle, all the other people would be eliminated, and only one person would be allowed to participate.
As Afo continued to move forward, it didn't take long for them to enter a huge pavilion. In front of the pavilion, there was also a several feet high threshold. Afo jumped over the threshold with one leg.
Luo Zheng walked to the front of the door sill. With a push of his feet, he leaped high and flipped over the door sill.
When Luo Zheng jumped over, he saw a small rune on the ground, and Afo was standing next to it.
"Come here. Walk on this rune and you will start the test," Afo said.
Since entering the Immortal Mansion, Luo Zheng found that it was full of danger everywhere. Judging from Afo's words, this test would also be extremely dangerous.
As long as he passed the test, he could become the owner of the Immortal Mansion and inherit it. Luo Zheng would definitely benefit from this Immortal mansion.
With Luo Zheng's current strength, he could indeed dominate his peers. Even Xiantian experts were no match for him, but if he faced with an expert of the Divine stage …
Even though he was seriously injured, he still, it was a pyrrhic victory..
Wang Yanmiao was a personal disciple and was even stronger than Wanderer Wuyue! Would he be a match for him?
What's more, if he wanted to save his sister, Wang Yanmiao wouldn't be the only obstacle. He would even have to face the experts of the Blue Cloud Sect!
In the Blue Cloud Sect, he was still too weak …..
Thinking of this, Luo Zheng no longer hesitated and stepped on the rune.
As soon as Luo Zheng's feet stepped on the rune, he immediately felt the world spin. The scenery around him changed drastically in an instant, and he found himself in another world.
In this world, streaks of lightning flashed in the sky. Meteors and fire showers smashed into the distance. From time to time, tremors would come from the ground.
"The first test is to test your strength," Afo's voice sounded in Luo Zheng's ears. He knew that this was only an illusion, but the environment was so real. Whether it was the wind, rain, thunder, lightning, or the forest, it was countless times more realistic than the illusion on the Blood Mountain of the Blue Cloud Sect!
The first test was a test of strength!
It was just that he didn't know how to spell it.
After Luo Zheng walked for a while, he saw a rope in front of him. Along with the rope, there were big men with bare upper bodies. These big men had bulging muscles, and they looked very strong and powerful.
Luo Zheng counted. There were hundreds of such men on the other end of the rope.
"Hmph!" When the leader of the group saw Luo Zheng coming over, he handed over the thick telescopic weapon.
After Luo Zheng took the rope, he suddenly felt his body become light. His vision suddenly blurred, and the scenery around him changed again.
At this moment, Luo Zheng was standing on a mountain stream, holding the rope in his hand. On the opposite side of the mountain stream, the hundreds of men were holding the other end of the rope.
Between the mountain stream, there was a high cliff. On the cliff, several terrifying birds of prey were creeping on it, looking at Luo Zheng on the top of the mountain. It seemed that if he fell into the mountain stream, they would peck at his flesh.
In addition, at the bottom of the mountain stream, there was monstrous hellfire lava, rolling and flowing …
"It seems that if I fall, I will definitely die," Luo Zheng murmured.
"Hmph!" The man on the opposite side of the mountain stream grabbed the rope, pulled it in a circle, and tied it to their shoulders. After tying it, he signaled Luo Zheng to tie himself as well.
"The so-called test of strength is a tug-of-war. I have to use my own strength to pull the other side's hundred men." After understanding the man's intention, Luo Zheng grabbed the rope and tied it to his shoulders.
Then Luo Zheng pulled the rope hard and nodded to the other side. The test of strength began.
"Hey!"
Faced with the sudden roar of the hundreds of men, all of them began to pull the rope with all their strength.
Although Luo Zheng was well prepared, in the face of the combined strength of the hundreds of men, he suddenly lost his balance and slid towards the edge of the mountain stream.
After sliding for seven or eight times in a row, Luo Zhengcai exerted all the strength in his body. His feet propped up on the ground like a raging bull. He abruptly stopped his sliding steps and stopped his body.
"This test of strength is really not that easy to pass!" Luo Zheng used all his strength to fall back. His feet stepped on the ground, straightening the rope.
The strength of the hundreds of men on the opposite side was too great. Even if Luo Zheng used all the strength in his body, his body was still involuntarily pulled.
At this moment, Luo Zheng did not use the power of the dragon scale. Instead, he relied on his own strength to fight against the men.
He clenched his teeth. Every muscle in his body was stretched taut, and every vein was bulging. Even if he used all the strength in his body, he still slowly slid towards the edge of the mountain stream.
This is the limit of my physical strength. Seeing that I am only two or three steps away from the mountain stream, if I don't use the power of the dragon scale, I'm afraid I will fall down the mountain stream!
"Rise for me!"
Luo Zheng clenched his teeth. The dragon scale in his mind lit up one by one, emitting a green luster. Waves of strength surged and entered every muscle in Luo Zheng's body.
For a moment, Luo Zheng's strength soared!
The rope creaked under Luo Zheng's pull. Under Luo Zheng's enormous strength, the hundred men were unable to stop and rushed towards the edge of the mountain stream!
Seeing that the men at the front were about to fall into the mountain stream, at this moment, they suddenly roared at the same time.
"Huaha!"
The rope was originally moving towards Luo Zheng. After the hundred men roared, they exerted their strength at the same time, forcibly stopping the rope's momentum.
Luo Zheng and the hundred men were once again in a stalemate!
How could this be? Luo Zheng was greatly surprised. One must know that Luo Zheng's dragon scale had already been ignited more than a hundred. The strength of each dragon scale was extremely terrifying. At the very least, it was no less than the strength of one of the men opposite him.
Just now, Luo Zheng relied on his physical strength to barely resist the power of the hundred men. Now that he had borrowed the power of the dragon scale, he should be able to greatly surpass them.
However, the hundred men opposite him were able to stabilize the rope in a short period of time!
What did this mean?
It meant that the strength of the men opposite him was not fixed. After Luo Zheng's strength increased, the strength of the hundred men also increased.
The thick rope was wrapped around Luo Zheng's shoulders. The surging strength of his whole body was crazily pulling him backwards, confronting the men opposite him.
Neither side was willing to yield an inch. Often, Luo Zheng would retreat a few steps, but the rope would pull him forward a few more steps.
This tug-of-war was like a tug-of-war, advancing and retreating.
At this moment, Luo Zheng's brows were wrinkled.
This could not go on.
Those men were not real humans. They were figures created by the master of this immortal mansion using a powerful illusion technique.
These illusions were not real people. Their strength was simply limitless.
Not only would Luo Zheng's own strength be exhausted, even the power of the dragon scale would weaken if he overused it. He would need to rest for a while to recover.
If this continued, his strength would be exhausted sooner or later, and he would be dragged into this bottomless abyss by the other side!
Victory and defeat must be decided as soon as possible. Luo Zheng warned himself in his heart.
It was easier said than done. The difficulty of this test of strength was simply too great!
"Little guy, a tug-of-war with a hundred people not only requires strength, but also skill! If you pay attention to the details, you should have already figured it out! "Afo's voice sounded again.
"Details?" Luo Zheng was startled.
"Yes, I can't tell you directly. If I give you too much information, I may be obliterated. So I can only say this much. The rest is up to you to figure it out yourself," Afo said indifferently.
Details! Luo Zheng thought hard. On the surface, this test of strength seemed to be a dead end.
The combined strength of the other side's hundred people was completely equal to his strength. Then, even if his strength increased by ten times, the other side's strength would also increase by ten times. If he increased his strength by a hundred times, the other side's strength would also increase by a hundred times.
In other words, no matter who pulled the rope, they would not be able to win against the other side.
Then what were the details?
The other side had a hundred people …
When he exerted his strength, the other side exerted their strength at the same time. The only difference was that when the other side exerted their strength, they would all roar in unison.
Why did they have to roar?
This roar ….. was not to increase their strength. Immortals would not do something superfluous when setting up an illusion. It could only be said that it was done on purpose.
Thinking about that roar, Luo Zheng remembered a story he read when he was young.
It was a story about the Lancang River. There was a section of the river that was very shallow. Small boats could cross it, but large ships could not.
In order for the ship to pass smoothly, it had to be pulled by people. The boatmen had to carry ropes on their backs and pull the ship with all their might. They slowly moved the ship forward, one step at a time.
However, when dozens of people pulled the ship, their strength was uneven. If they could not use their strength together, they would not be able to move the ship that was stuck in the sand.
In order to combine the strength of dozens of people, they would shout 'chants', which were rhythmic slogans!
As long as they followed the rhythm of the 'chants', they would be able to combine their strength.

Chapter 145
The biggest difference between them and him was that he was alone while the other side had a hundred people.
Strictly speaking, it was impossible for them to be completely in sync. Over a hundred people exerted their strength at different times.
But when they exerted their strength, they all roared at the same time. It was this roar that unified their strength.
"The so-called details are here!" Luo Zheng's fog dissipated. Since Afo reminded him, then this must be the key to passing the test!
Strength, unity …
He had to think of a way to disrupt the other side's strength!
Luo Zheng looked at the other big men and a strange smile appeared on his face. Then he slowly reduced his strength.
When Luo Zheng's strength was reduced by 30%, the thick rope slowly pulled him to the edge of the cliff.
When his body was pulled two or three steps away, Luo Zheng suddenly exerted his strength!
The strength of his whole body erupted in an instant!
The rope was immediately pulled back by Luo Zheng!
"Hey, ha!"
Facing Luo Zheng's sudden exertion of strength, the big men on the opposite side roared and exerted their strength together. The strength of the rope once again contended with Luo Zheng's.
"Sure enough!" Luo Zheng smiled. After the big men exerted their strength, Luo Zheng's strength relaxed again.
After relaxing, Luo Zheng exerted his strength again!
He was only one person. Whether he exerted his strength or not depended on Luo Zheng's thoughts.
But the power of over a hundred people on the opposite side, if they wanted to unify their strength, they had to coordinate with that roar!
After Luo Zheng repeatedly exerted his strength, relaxed his strength, exerted his strength, relaxed his strength, exerted his strength, relaxed his strength.
The chant of over a hundred people finally became chaotic!
"Hey, ha …"
"Ha …"
"Hey …"
Everyone shouted their own chant according to their own rhythm. It was impossible to unify their strength.
After they became completely chaotic, Luo Zheng once again exerted all his strength!
Even though there were over a hundred people with the same strength as Luo Zheng, some of them were using their full strength while others were not. At this moment, the combined strength of the hundred people was far inferior to Luo Zheng.
As a result, Luo Zheng's strength exploded out, and those burly men were dragged by Luo Zheng, falling towards the edge of the cliff.
Every time a person fell down, their strength would be reduced by 1%. Under Luo Zheng's outburst, more than 30 people were pulled down by Luo Zheng in one breath. The remaining 70 or so people were only 70% of Luo Zheng's strength. There was no need to fear them at all.
The further they went, the fewer people there were, and the easier it was for Luo Zheng. In the end, all 100 people fell into the cliff. Luo Zheng won this tug-of-war competition.
When Luo Zheng pulled all the ropes, he felt that the surrounding environment had changed, and he suddenly returned to the main hall.
A smile appeared on Afo's face. This immortal's puppet, except for its lifeless aura, looked exactly like a real person from every aspect.
"Not bad. Just by reminding you a little, you were able to break through the situation. My confidence in you has increased a little!" said Afo.
"Only a little?" Luo Zheng raised his eyebrows.
Afo nodded, "The test of strength is much easier. If you want to get the immortal's approval, strength isn't the foundation. The most important thing is the test of the soul and spirit!"
"Soul and spirit …" Luo Zheng stared at Afo and said. Luo Zheng indeed knew very little about the soul, but this couldn't be blamed on Luo Zheng, because the entire Eastern Region didn't know much about it.
Compared to the others, Luo Zheng was even at the forefront. Not only did he practice a soul-related technique, the Soul-Stirring Thorn, but he also reached the "Selfless Realm". Ever since he mastered the Soul-Stirring Thorn, Luo Zheng used this technique to deal with many powerhouses!
From this point of view, even the souls of those powerhouses were extremely weak.
Afo pointed to the side, and a rune appeared on the ground where he pointed, "The second test is the spiritual test. Now that you've passed the first test of strength, you'll have to take the second test of spirit! Let me remind you, the test of spirit is very dangerous. If you're not careful, your soul may be obliterated, and you'll become a walking idiot! "
Luo Zheng nodded without any hesitation on his face. Since he had already passed the first level, he had to try the second level! But before that, Luo Zheng wanted to confirm how many tests there were in total.
After hearing Luo Zheng's question, Afo stretched out three fingers and said, "There are a total of three tests, but … strictly speaking, there are only two tests, because you'll be qualified to inherit Holy Realm Dwellers' Mansion after passing the first two tests. But the third test is very important, because your performance in the third test will determine your reward!"
"Reward? What reward? "Luo Zheng was slightly surprised.
Afo smiled mysteriously and said, "I can't say more about this. If you pass the second test, I'll naturally tell you."
After that, Luo Zheng no longer had any questions. He took a step forward and stepped on the second rune.
As soon as Luo Zheng stepped on it, he felt the sky turn dark again, and Luo Zheng was once again transferred into an illusion.
Different from the lightning and thunder last time, this illusion was very quiet. There was heavy fog in the distance, and the sky was a little dim.
Luo Zheng was deep in a mountain. In front of him was a flight of stairs.
"The test of the soul is to climb these stairs. You only need to climb to the top of these stairs to pass the test." Afo's voice sounded.
Climbing the steps sounded like an easy task, but Luo Zheng also knew that these steps were definitely far from as simple as they looked.
Since the first test of strength was so difficult, the second test of spirit would only be more difficult.
Standing at the bottom of the stairs, Luo Zheng raised his head and looked up. There were tens of thousands of stairs stacked on top of each other. The stairs in the distance were shrouded in a gray mist and could not be seen clearly.
Luo Zheng took a step forward and stepped onto the first step. At this moment, Luo Zheng did not feel any discomfort. It was as if he was climbing the steps normally. There was no difference.
Since there was no mystery, Luo Zheng didn't think too much about it. He walked briskly up the stairs.
With Luo Zheng's current physical strength, climbing the stairs was no different from walking on flat ground. It was effortless. Even if he suppressed his speed, he still climbed step by step.
"Two hundred steps …"
"Three hundred steps …"
"Eight hundred steps …"
"Nine hundred steps …"
"Nine hundred and ninety-nine steps …"
Standing on the 999th step, Luo Zheng looked down. The road behind him was also hidden in the fog. At this moment, Luo Zheng was only surrounded by the fog and the stairs under his feet. A deep sense of loneliness arose spontaneously.
"There's nothing wrong with the thousandth step. If I'm not wrong, the next step should be the real test!"
Thinking of this, Luo Zheng took a step forward and stepped onto the 1,000th step.
Just as Luo Zheng stepped on it, he suddenly felt a sharp pain coming from under his feet.
"It hurts!"
Luo Zheng cried out secretly. He looked down, but found nothing under his feet.
How could it be! The sharp pain just now was real. Why was there nothing?
Moreover, with Luo Zheng's current physical strength, ordinary things couldn't pierce his skin. Thinking of this, Luo Zheng also became vigilant.
Then he stepped on another step.
"Ah!"
Luo Zheng frowned and couldn't help but cry out in pain.
This time, Luo Zheng looked carefully. The moment his foot stepped on the stairs, a gray thin thorn drilled out of the stairs and pierced into Luo Zheng's foot.
The pain was brought about by the gray spikes.
"Soul Thorn!" Luo Zheng's expression changed abruptly.
Although the Soul Thorn on the stairs was different from Luo Zheng's Soul Thorn, the essence was the same. These thorns completely ignored the physical defense and directly pierced the soul.
This was also the reason why Luo Zheng's soul had become incomparably strong after being calcined by the Black Fire. If it was someone else, they would have fainted from the pain after being pierced by the Soul Thorn on the stairs.
Even so, Luo Zheng's face became bitter.
He raised his head and looked at the stairs that extended to the sky. If he was pierced every time he took a step, how uncomfortable would that be …
"Since it's like this, I can only do this …"
Luo Zheng suddenly leaped up. With a powerful leap, he actually crossed twenty-three steps in a single step.
This could be considered a trick. Although he was inevitably pierced by the thorns after his feet landed on the stairs, it was better than being pierced every step.
As a result, Luo Zheng kept jumping forward. Every time he crossed a few dozen steps, his soul would be pierced by the Soul Thorn.
After Luo Zheng jumped more than ten times, his soul had been pierced more than ten times by the Soul Thorn. Even if Luo Zheng's soul was far stronger than that of ordinary people, at this moment, the pain made Luo Zheng hold his head and feel dizzy.
With no other choice, Luo Zheng could only sit down and rest for a while.
Looking at the remaining steps, Luo Zheng took a deep breath. After his spirit slowly recovered, he continued to climb.
Soon, Luo Zheng rushed up several hundred steps in one breath and arrived at the 2,000th step.
Just as Luo Zheng stepped onto the 2,000th step, the surrounding environment suddenly changed.
At this moment, there were no longer Soul Thorns on the stairs, but crimson flames.
These flames were not real flames. At least, Luo Zheng did not feel real heat. But when Luo Zheng stepped on them, he suddenly felt that his soul was being roasted by the flames.
If these flames were real flames, then it would be fine. After being tempered by the Lotus True Fire, the Earth Core Fire, and the Heavenly Devil Sacred Fire, Luo Zheng's body had a certain resistance to flames. He could even absorb the flames.
But these flames were too strange. They would not cause any harm to the body, but they would burn the soul.
＝＝＝＝＝

Chapter 146
His soul was being roasted and burned by the flame. This kind of pain was far from what an ordinary person could endure. Even Luo Zheng was rolling on the ground with his hands covering his head, as if he was in extreme pain.
At this time, not to mention climbing the stairs, even standing was very difficult for him.
Luo Zheng rolled up and down the 2,000th step, and finally rolled to the 1,999th step!
Although he still had to bear the attack of the Soul Spike after falling down, he was much better now. At the same time, he looked up at the stairs with fear on his face.
"How … how can I pass this!"
Luo Zheng knew that he was also a person with a strong will. No matter how dangerous and difficult the situation was, he would not give up easily. How many times had he been in a predicament, he had relied on his extraordinary perseverance to fight his way out?
But this time, Luo Zheng hesitated.
That unremarkable red flame was really too terrifying.
"Just like how I want to quit, it's impossible." Luo Zheng deeply understood this point. He knew that once he entered Holy Realm of Immortals' Mansion, he could only charge forward. According to Afo, after this test, he would be accepted by Holy Realm of Immortals' Mansion.
The problem was that Luo Zheng could not even stand on the 2,000th step, so how could he continue climbing?
With the strength of Luo Zheng's soul, he was actually not afraid of the flame's burning.
Because Luo Zheng's soul had been burned by the black flame, no matter how powerful the flame was, it could never compare to the power of the black flame.
The problem was that Luo Zheng could not bear the pain of the burning soul. That kind of pain was indeed unbearable for a human.
"It shouldn't be!"
Although the soul test was extremely dangerous, Immortals would not set up an unsolvable problem. There must be a way to solve it.
Standing on the 1,999th step, Luo Zheng pondered for a while, and then slowly spat out a few words. "I'm really stupid. Why did I forget about the Selfless Realm!"
At that time, Luo Zheng inadvertently comprehended the Selfless Realm in order to practice the 《Soul-Shaking Thorn》. After entering the Selfless Realm, Luo Zheng's consciousness became extremely subtle, and he completely forgot about himself, as if he was a second person to himself.
After entering the Selfless Realm, he could not feel the pain of the burning soul. Now, this was the only way to solve it!
So Luo Zheng closed his eyes and began to meditate quietly. Soon, when Luo Zheng opened his eyes, they were full of emptiness.
It was as if everything in this world had nothing to do with him. Even his own body was unfamiliar to him!
"Go!"
After entering the Selfless Realm, Luo Zheng drove his body to jump up the stairs...
This time, the situation was much better. Although the flames were still burning his soul, he still felt waves of pain.
However, for Luo Zheng, who had entered the Selfless Realm, this pain was very distant. It was as if the pain did not belong to him …
Now that he had gotten rid of the pain caused by the burning, Luo Zheng took advantage of this opportunity to run up. Luo Zheng ran all the way to the 3,000th step.
Every thousand steps, the difficulty of these steps would greatly increase.
Just now, on the 2,000th step, he could still rely on the Selfless Realm to rush up. Who knew what would happen on the 3,000th step?
After Luo Zheng carefully stepped on it, he found that there was no reaction.
There was no Soul-Piercing Thorn, no Soul-Burning Flame. At this moment, Luo Zheng seemed to have returned to the 1,000th step.
"It can't be that simple!"
The difficulty of this soul test would only get higher and higher. How could Luo Zheng pass it so easily?
However, after Luo Zheng took a few steps, there was still no abnormality.
"In that case, I'll go up directly!" Although Luo Zheng did not know what was going on, if there were no obstacles on this step, he would go up even higher. If there were any obstacles, he would naturally deal with them properly.
However, after Luo Zheng took a few dozen steps, he suddenly felt a gust of cold wind in front of him.
After that gust of cold wind floated past, it turned out to be a group of Ominous Beasts rushing towards him from the top of the steps.
Those Ominous Beasts were abnormally fierce. They bared their fangs and brandished their claws. They were like monsters that had crawled out of hell. The strength of each Ominous Beast seemed to be ten times stronger than Luo Zheng's! A hundred times!
Facing these Ominous Beasts, Luo Zheng's complexion changed slightly, but immediately returned to normal.
He had already completely strangled the fear in his heart.
Luo Zheng knew that he was definitely not a match for these Ominous Beasts. Any one of these Ominous Beasts could tear him to pieces in an instant.
These Ominous Beasts were the subject of the soul test. Their purpose was naturally to test his soul and state of mind!
Remember, don't be fooled by appearances!
"It's just an illusion. If I really believe it, I'm afraid I'll really lose!" After saying that, Luo Zheng stood in place and let those Ominous Beasts rush towards him.
However, these Ominous Beasts passed through Luo Zheng's body as if they didn't have a physical body, and then they all disappeared …
"Hehe, not bad. You've now reached the third stage, which is also the most dangerous stage. If you had a trace of fear in your heart just now, those Ominous Beasts would have grasped the fluctuation of your mood and devoured you!" Afo's voice sounded outside again, "As long as you pass this stage, you'll be considered to have passed the test! Work hard! "
After listening to Afo's words, Luo Zheng confirmed his guess. If his mood fluctuated violently, he was afraid that he would really be torn to pieces by those Ominous Beasts.
Although this stage of the test was not as painful as the previous one, it was more dangerous!
Life and death could be decided by a single thought!
It turned out that … this was not a real illusion. What was real and what was false, what was false and what was true. This immortal's method was really amazing.
Thinking of this, Luo Zheng was even more vigilant.
After passing the first wave of Ominous Beasts' attack, Luo Zheng continued to climb up.
As Luo Zheng slowly walked up the stairs, a heavy smell of blood assailed his nostrils. The thick fog around him slowly turned dark red like blood at this moment.
Luo Zheng looked up and saw a person wearing a snow-white robe standing not far away. His head was lowered, so he couldn't see his face clearly, but his figure was very familiar.
"Father!"
That figure was so familiar that it was deeply imprinted in Luo Zheng's mind.
It had been almost three years since his father, Luo Zheng, passed away. In these three years, Luo Zheng had been thinking about him day and night. Every time he thought about it, his heart was filled with endless grief. Until now, Luo Zheng still hadn't figured out how to explain this matter to Luo Yan, who still didn't know about it.
Now that he saw him again in this illusion, Luo Zheng's heart suddenly surged.
However, after Luo Zheng called out, that person didn't respond at all!
As Luo Zheng slowly walked forward, that person suddenly raised his head. There was no flesh on his face, it was completely a skeleton!
For a moment, Luo Zheng's soul was greatly shaken.
As soon as the skeleton appeared, it pounced on Luo Zheng. It let out a miserable cry and bit at Luo Zheng!
The skeleton was so fast that Luo Zheng couldn't react at all. With this bite, Luo Zheng immediately felt an amazing pain. It was the feeling of his soul being torn apart.
"Ah!"
Every time the skeleton bit him, Luo Zheng let out a miserable cry.
The pain of his soul being bitten was simply unbearable.
If Luo Zheng couldn't see through this illusion, he would be bitten to death by this Heart Demon skeleton!
Just as Luo Zheng was screaming again and again, Afo's voice sounded like thunder in Luo Zheng's ears: "Guard your heart!"
"Heart …" Luo Zheng's painful face revealed a trace of confusion, "What is my heart …"
Luo Zheng's mind was extremely slow as he was being bitten by the Mind Demon Skeleton. He had to find his true self amidst the endless pain.
Since his father's death, Luo Zheng's heart had been honed step by step. It had long been as firm as a rock.
Facing this Heart Demon in the illusion, let alone a Direbeast, even a sky full of gods and demons couldn't shake his heart.
But this Heart Demon had turned into his father's appearance. Although he knew that this skeleton wasn't his father, at this moment, the illusion had changed so much that it hit the most vulnerable part of Luo Zheng's heart.
"My … heart … is a heart that pursues the pinnacle of martial arts. This path … I've decided to walk … so I must persevere. No one can shake my heart." Luo Zheng thought very hard at first, but gradually it became smoother and smoother, "Not even my father! In this world, no one can stop my heart from pursuing martial arts! "
The confusion in his eyes was gradually replaced by unswerving determination.
The skeleton that had been constantly biting Luo Zheng gradually weakened and finally turned into a bubble. It passed through Luo Zheng's body and dissipated behind Luo Zheng.
Luo Zheng gasped for breath. In his heart, he exclaimed that it was a close call. If he hadn't come to his senses, his soul would have been bitten to death!
Then Luo Zheng walked all the way up the stairs without encountering any resistance. When Luo Zheng reached the top of the stairs, the surrounding scenery changed and he returned to the hall.

Chapter 147
"Temporary master?" Luo Zheng was curious.
Afo laughed, "Yes, this is the rule set by the third master of this mansion!"
"Then what can I do as the temporary master? What can I use? "Luo Zheng asked again.
Fu shook his head and said, "Nothing is possible. You can only participate in the last test and obtain a Concentration Meditation Diagram!"
"What's a Meditation Diagram?" Luo Zheng was puzzled.
Afo was very curious, "I don't know what the world you're in is. As a warrior, you don't even know what a Meditation Diagram is?"
Luo Zheng thought he had read a lot, but he had never heard of a Meditation Diagram. He could only shake his head, "I really don't know."
"Although you're only a half-step Xiantian now, don't the warriors in your world have True Yuan? Can't anyone use True Yuan to transform? I saw in the battle in the pavilion that many people knew how to transform True Yuan, and that requires a Meditation Diagram! "Afo explained to Luo Zheng.
Not only did this explanation not make Luo Zheng understand, but it also made Luo Zheng more and more confused. He only said, "Our Eastern Region's martial artists all meditate according to their own cultivation method if they want to cultivate True Essence Transmutation. Why would they need to use a Concentration Meditation Diagram …"
"So that's how it is." Fu nodded. "Although the Divine Reflection Realm is incomparably weak in my eyes, the Divine Reflection Realm experts of your Eastern Region are much weaker than the ones I've seen. They don't even have a Concentration Visualization Diagram. No wonder their True Yuan Avatars aren't strong.
"Make it clear, if you want to transform True Yuan, you must need that diagram?" Hearing Afo's repeated emphasis, Luo Zheng vaguely understood that it seemed to be something very important.
Afo smiled and said, "The experts of the East don't rely on visualization diagrams to cultivate their True Essence avatars. They only rely on their own True Essence avatars without any foundation or inheritance. How could the difference in power be ten times? If you can convert your True Qi into True Essence, the True Essence Incarnation that you obtain through the Meditation Diagram will be ten times or even a hundred times stronger than them! "
Luo Zheng understood what Afo meant.
It seemed that Afo and the owner of the Immortal Mansion were not from this world. There was another cultivation method in their world, which was much more particular than the humans of the Eastern Domain when it came to transforming one's vital essence. It required something called the Concentration Visualization Diagram to transform.
"If that's the case, then how do I obtain the Meditation Image?" Luo Zheng was somewhat tempted.
Afo smiled, "Didn't I say it before? Once you pass the first two levels, there will be a third level, and the third level will be your reward! "
With that, Afo pointed at the wall not far away. Several rays of light flickered, and five paintings appeared out of thin air.
Luo Zheng stared at the five paintings, but they were blurry in his eyes and he couldn't see them clearly.
"This is the reward for you. The power of each of these five pictures is different. The first picture of the Heaven's Equal Sacred Sword is the worst, and the last picture of the sun, the moon, and the stars is the best. Let's see how many levels you can pass in the third test! If you can only pass the first level, you can only get the first Meditation Image. If you can pass the last level, you can get the most powerful one! "Afo said.
Luo Zheng looked at the five paintings and was slightly excited, "The Sun, Moon, and Stars Image, I must get it!"
Afo shook his head and said, "It's very difficult. I think with your strength, you can only get the second Ninth Heaven Reincarnation Image, or the third Flying Birds in Clouds Image."
"Then let's try it!"
With that, Luo Zheng strode forward and stepped into the third rune.
Although he had already passed the first two tests, the third test was just as important.
No matter what, he had to get the best Visualization Diagram!
As soon as he entered the third rune, Luo Zheng saw a string of bubbles coming out of the swamp in front of him, and then there were Fishmen crawling out of it.
"There are five waves in the third level. The first wave is the Elite Fishmen. It won't be difficult for you to deal with it with your strength!" Afo's voice sounded in Luo Zheng's ears.
Looking at those ugly Fishmen, Luo Zheng took out a broken throwing knife and rushed forward without saying a word.
"Kill!"
As Afo said, these Fishmen were not very strong. Each of them was only slightly stronger than the Blade Insect Leader.
But now, Luo Zheng's strength had greatly improved compared to when he went to the south!
The broken flying dagger was like a flying shuttle that pierced back and forth, drawing a thin silver line.
"Puff, puff, puff …"
Every time a thin line was drawn, a dozen or so Fishmen would be cut open by the broken throwing knife.
Although there were many Fishmen, Luo Zheng's killing speed was faster. In half an hour, Luo Zheng killed about three to four thousand Fishmen!
Finally, the swamp in front of him finally stopped bubbling. The first wave of Elite Fishmen were all killed by Luo Zheng.
Standing among the corpses of the Fishmen, Luo Zheng sat down and rested for a while. Soon, the swamp began to bubble again.
"The second wave is the swamp beasts. There are fewer of them than the Fishmen, but they are stronger," Afo said.
The swamp beasts were huge in size. They looked like huge gorillas, but they had green faces and fangs, and looked terrifying.
Luo Zheng held the throwing knife in his hand, and he was not careless.
These swamp beasts were very strong, but they were not as agile as the Fishmen. In addition, Luo Zheng's right arm was inlaid with the Phoenix Soaring Crystal, so their overall speed was greatly increased.
In the face of these tall swamp beasts, Luo Zheng was like a dancing butterfly, flying among them and shuttling back and forth.
Compared with the Elite Fishmen, these swamp beasts were extremely tenacious. Whether it was pierced through by throwing knives or cut open their stomachs, they could still move freely. Only by hitting their heads with throwing knives could they be killed completely.
For others, the thick fur and skulls of the swamp beasts were difficult to penetrate with weapons, but for Luo Zheng, it was very easy.
So far, except for Yun Luo's barrier, there was nothing that could block Luo Zheng's throwing knives.
After spending a full two hours, Luo Zheng finally managed to kill off all the ferocious beasts in the swamp. There were a total of 466 ferocious beasts. Luo Zheng silently noted down the number.
"The throwing knife in your hand is not bad … The second wave is also very easy, but you have to be careful in the third wave. If you can't beat it, you can choose to withdraw. The second visualization image is the Nine-Heavens Samsara Diagram. This diagram is already very good. The second master of Immortal Mansion majored in the Nine-Heavens Samsara Diagram," Afo reminded him.
The second master?
He had never heard Afo mention this before. It turned out that Immortal Mansion had more than one master since it existed.
If he wanted to take something, he must take the best. The word "give up" did not exist in Luo Zheng's dictionary.
After resting for a while, Luo Zheng felt the ground tremble. He knew that now was the third wave of the test.
"Swish!"
In the violent tremor of the ground, a fierce aura came from the swamp. Those auras seemed to come from some unknown ancient beast.
After a while, a snake head rose from the swamp.
"Snake?"
Luo Zheng saw dozens of snake heads poking out of the swamp. They raised their heads and coiled above the swamp. When the "snakes" gradually left the swamp, Luo Zheng realized that they were only the heads of the beasts. There was a huge body under the heads.
"This is a type of ancient beast, the Nine-Headed Snake. The adult version is very strong. You are no match for it. These are only young Nine-Headed Snakes. Be careful, they are highly venomous, and the venom of each tongue is different! If you can't beat it, I will let you out of the illusion! " Afo said worriedly. This environment set up by Immortal was not without danger. If he died in the illusion, his soul would be destroyed. This was something that Afo did not want to see.
A faint smile appeared on Luo Zheng's face when he heard the word "highly venomous."
If it were any other attack, Luo Zheng might be a bit afraid. But Luo Zheng was a spirit treasure and was not afraid of any poison.
"What can a mere snake venom do to me?"
There were about a dozen young hydras, and each of them was over 30 meters tall. Moreover, the snake heads on their bodies were of all shapes and sizes. Some were yellow, some were brown, some were red, and some were even brightly colored. The colors of the snake heads were gorgeous.
The brighter the color, the more venomous the snake was.
"Swish!"
The Nine-Headed Snake at the front attacked Luo Zheng first.
Its nine heads sprayed mucus at Luo Zheng. Luo Zheng dodged the mucus one by one. When the mucus touched the flowers and plants on the ground, it made a squeaking sound. The flowers and plants on the ground all withered, and even the ground turned black.
From this, it could be seen how poisonous these Nine-Headed Snakes were. If an ordinary person came into contact with a trace of their venom, they would probably die immediately. Even some Xiantian lifeforms would be afraid to avoid the Nine-Headed Snakes. If they were not careful, they would lose their lives to the venom.
But Luo Zheng had no scruples. After avoiding the venom, he circled around the ground and went behind the Nine-Headed Snake. The throwing knife in his hand flew like lightning towards the Nine-Headed Snake's body.
"Swish …"
The Nine-Headed Snake's nine heads were very agile. When Luo Zheng went behind them, they immediately turned their heads and sprayed the venomous mucus at Luo Zheng.
After adjusting his direction several times around the Nine-Headed Snake, Luo Zheng could not avoid the venomous mucus. He exerted strength in his feet and bent his whole body into the shape of a bow. He no longer dodged the venom, but rushed up against it.
"You … don't want to live anymore?" Afo's surprised voice sounded. Obviously, he could not understand Luo Zheng's actions.
"Swish …"

Chapter 148
"Break for me!"
The broken flying knife turned into a silver light, reverberating in the air for a while.
"Puff, puff, puff, puff …"
The snake heads didn't have a strong defense. When Luo Zheng got close to them, they were cut off from their necks one by one.
Nine snake heads were instantly cut off by Luo Zheng. Only the huge body was left. It crawled aimlessly on the ground for a while, then fell to the ground with a loud bang.
Standing on the body of the Hydra, Luo Zheng took a deep breath. Afo's voice came from the sky: "Hehe, I'm really surprised. I didn't expect you to be immune to poison. It seems that … you should be able to pass this level!"
The most difficult part of the third level was the venom of the Hydra. The Hydra had nine heads and was very flexible. There were basically no blind spots. It was very difficult to deal with its venom. But since Luo Zheng wasn't afraid of the venom at all, the Hydra's biggest trump card had lost its effect. Killing the Hydra became easy.
Hearing Afo's words, Luo Zheng smiled slightly. He jumped high and rushed to the next Hydra.
"Die for me!"
After the venom was ineffective, the Hydra was no threat to Luo Zheng. As long as Luo Zheng got close to them, Luo Zheng quickly cut off their heads one by one.
After a while, Luo Zheng killed five or six Hydra.
The remaining Hydra saw that Luo Zheng was unstoppable and realized that their venom had no effect on Luo Zheng. When Luo Zheng rushed to them, they actually bit at Luo Zheng.
Luo Zheng was swallowed by the Hydra head. But after a while, the Hydra head suddenly burst open!
These Hydra weren't known for their strength. Luo Zheng actually used his brute force to break the Hydra head from the inside.
"Kill, kill, kill!"
After a while, these Hydra were all killed by Luo Zheng.
Luo Zheng wasn't afraid of any venom. Because there were only a few Hydra, the time he spent was half the time compared to the previous two levels.
"If you pass the third level, you can get the Yunsheng Flying Bird Diagram. This diagram has a long history. Visualizing it will benefit you a lot. I think you can make a choice now," Afo said to Luo Zheng.
Luo Zheng still shook his head.
"It's impossible for you to pass the fourth test. Although your strength is astonishing, each of the five tests set by the Immortals is more difficult than the previous one. You're just a human, so it's impossible for you to pass. Unless you're from one of those legendary races with innate talents, only those with innate talents may be able to pass." Fu's advice was well-intentioned. He had stayed in the Immortal's Mansion for countless years and had seen countless races with innate talents. Even if Luo Zheng's current performance was extremely astonishing, it was only in comparison to humans. If one were to look at the Great Thousand World and the tens of thousands of races, it was simply not enough.
"Even if I can't pass, I still want to try!" Luo Zheng didn't hesitate at all. His goal was the fifth visualization diagram. As long as he set his goal, he would get it no matter what difficulties he had to go through.
"Although I think you're overestimating yourself, I like your persistence. In that case, you can continue." Afo didn't say anything else when he saw that Luo Zheng had made up his mind.
Standing on the ground, Luo Zheng faced the swamp, quietly waiting for the fourth level's Ferocious Beasts to appear.
After a while, Luo Zheng felt a chill in his heart. Small balls of light appeared in the swamp in front of him. These balls of light floated up and kept making squeaking sounds.
"If these aren't Ferocious Beasts, what are they?" Luo Zheng frowned and asked.
"They are Vengeful Spirits. These Vengeful Spirits are powerhouses that were swallowed by the swamp. Because they didn't complete their important tasks when they were alive, they can't be freed after death. They can only float in the swamp all day long." Afo explained, "Pure strength attacks are ineffective against Vengeful Spirits, and they will also bite your soul."
As soon as Afo's voice fell, the small balls of light changed their form. Although they still looked like luminous objects, at this moment, one could vaguely make out their heads, bodies, and hands. However, these Vengeful Spirits didn't have legs. Even if they did have legs, they wouldn't be able to use them because they were floating in the air.
After these seven Vengeful Spirits changed their form, they rushed towards Luo Zheng.
These Vengeful Spirits were weightless, so their flying speed was naturally very fast. One moment they were above the swamp, the next they rushed towards Luo Zheng.
"So fast?"
Such a strange flying speed startled Luo Zheng, and he almost shot out a throwing knife on reflex.
The throwing knife pierced through the Vengeful Spirits, but it only pierced through and didn't cause any damage.
"Ah!"
One of the Vengeful Spirits let out a blood-curdling scream. The scream seemed to contain endless resentment, and it rushed towards Luo Zheng.
Luo Zheng couldn't dodge in time. He subconsciously raised his hands in a defensive state, but the Vengeful Spirit directly penetrated Luo Zheng's body.
At the same time, Luo Zheng felt as if his soul was suddenly bitten by a wild dog. The pain from the depths of his soul was unbearable.
Before Luo Zheng could react, another Vengeful Spirit rushed up at the same time. After penetrating Luo Zheng's body, it bit Luo Zheng again.
"Ah! Ah!"
The seven Vengeful Spirits constantly let out blood-curdling screams full of resentment, and took turns to attack Luo Zheng's soul. At this moment, Luo Zheng couldn't even defend himself. He couldn't do anything except let them hurt his soul.
"Ah, it hurts! I can't go on like this! "
Luo Zheng endured the severe pain, thinking about how to deal with these "Vengeful Spirits" that were like wild dogs.
Pure physical attacks had no effect at all.
Since that was the case, he would use this move!
The moment a Vengeful Spirit approached Luo Zheng, Luo Zheng suddenly opened his eyes wide and roared.
"Soul-Frightening Spike!"
A gray spike suddenly popped out from between his eyebrows and fiercely stabbed at the Vengeful Spirit that was rushing towards him.
The so-called "Soul Transformation Spike" was actually the simplest attack on the soul level. There were even some crude attacks that turned one's own soul into a spike to attack the opponent's soul.
However, the Eastern Region's research on the "soul" was not thorough. It was already very impressive to be able to create a soul attack like the Soul-Frightening Spike.
At this moment, facing these Vengeful Spirits that couldn't attack, Luo Zheng could only use this move.
"Swish!"
Because Luo Zheng used the Soul-Frightening Spike so suddenly, the Vengeful Spirit that was rushing towards him didn't expect it at all and was directly pierced by Luo Zheng's Soul Spike.
After the Soul Spike pierced through the Soul Spike, the Vengeful Spirit gradually deflated like a deflated balloon and finally dissipated between heaven and earth.
"The Soul-Frightening Spike is effective against them!" Luo Zheng's face revealed an excited expression. He was most depressed that he couldn't touch these Vengeful Spirits at all, so he could only take a beating. But now, it seemed that the Soul-Frightening Spike was quite effective.
For a moment, Luo Zheng's morale was greatly boosted. At least, Luo Zheng saw the hope of a comeback.
But then, Luo Zheng quickly realized that his idea was still too naive.
After using the Soul-Frightening Spike to kill the first Vengeful Spirit, the other six Vengeful Spirits had become extremely smart.
These Vengeful Spirits were really too fast. They arrived and left in a flash, and at the same time, they didn't forget to give Luo Zheng's soul a fierce bite.
Although Luo Zheng's Soul-Frightening Spike was also very fast, it was often dodged by the Vengeful Spirits before it could lock onto the target.
Therefore, Luo Zheng's attacks with the Soul-Frightening Spike missed several times and couldn't touch the Vengeful Spirits at all.
The situation was still very unfavorable for Luo Zheng. Under the repeated bites of the Vengeful Spirits, Luo Zheng's soul also suffered a lot of damage. Even though Luo Zheng was standing in place, he still felt dizzy.
"I don't believe it! Kill! "
After several ineffective attacks, Luo Zheng completely closed his eyes and used the Soul-Frightening Spike to stab randomly.
What Luo Zheng did not expect was that under his random stabbing, he actually inadvertently stabbed a wraith!
"There are five left!"
Luo Zheng clenched his teeth and endured the waves of dizziness in his head, bitterly holding on.
But Luo Zheng's luck wasn't good. He continued to stab randomly, but he didn't manage to stab any more Vengeful Spirits. And under the bites of the Vengeful Spirits, his soul became more and more dangerous.
"Not only are you immune to poison, but you can also use spiritual attacks. This has greatly exceeded my expectations. If you're lucky, maybe you can really break through this barrier. Unfortunately … your soul attack is still too simple. You should give up …" Afo advised.
Luo Zheng's soul felt weak, and it was difficult for him to even stand. But he still clenched his teeth tightly, shook his head and said, "Give me a little more time, and I will definitely kill them!"
"Hehe, how are you going to kill them? You've only learned the lowest level of soul attack. This method of turning the soul into a spike is like a primitive man learning to use his fist. This method can't defeat those Vengeful Spirits. You killed two Vengeful Spirits because of luck. That's enough for you to be proud! "Afo advised," Look, those Vengeful Spirits are surrounding you again. How are you going to deal with them? "
The five Vengeful Spirits gathered towards Luo Zheng from five different directions.
It seemed that they thought Luo Zheng was an arrow at the end of its flight, and wanted to tear Luo Zheng's soul clean in one go.
Luo Zheng clenched his teeth, stood still, and suddenly roared!
"Ahhhh!"
Just as Luo Zheng was roaring, from the depths of Luo Zheng's mind, the Qinglong sculpture let out a dragon roar at the same time.
That dragon roar mixed with Luo Zheng's roar, formed a cyan shockwave that was hard to see with the naked eye, and spread out with Luo Zheng as the center.
When those Vengeful Spirits encountered the cyan shockwave, they were instantly scattered and disappeared completely.
The five Vengeful Spirits all dissipated under the pressure of Qinglong's dragon roar.
＝＝＝＝＝

Chapter 149
Seeing this, Afo was silent for a while before he said slowly, "So there seems to be a dragon sleeping in your body?"
A dragon? Luo Zheng didn't refute. He didn't just have one dragon sleeping in his body, but nine!
At this moment, only the Qinglong at the bottom had awakened. Luo Zheng wasn't sure when the other eight would wake up. Perhaps the next dragon would only awaken after Luo Zheng completely lit up the scales of this Qinglong.
"Haha, not bad! You are indeed qualified to challenge it. Since you have passed the fourth level, I won't persuade you anymore. You can take part in the last challenge. If you succeed, you will obtain the Sun-Moon-Star Visualization Diagram. This visualization diagram is the most powerful one in Holy Realm Dwellers' Mansion. If you want it, take it with your strength! Your soul was attacked by those resentful spirits just now. I can help you recover! "
With Afo's experience, what kind of people had he not seen in Holy Realm Dwellers' Mansion?
But this time, Afo had underestimated Luo Zheng again and again. At this moment, he was too embarrassed to persuade Luo Zheng, so he could only say this.
After that, a clear ray of light descended from the sky of the dreamland and rushed directly into Luo Zheng's head.
Luo Zheng suddenly felt that his soul was in an extremely comfortable space. That comfortable feeling almost made him want to cry out. Although Afo was just a puppet, the two moves it casually displayed were amazing.
By the time the misty light disappeared, Luo Zheng, who had been exhausted a moment ago, had taken on a new look. His eyes were brimming with energy.
"Well, I don't need to rest. Next, I will take part in the last challenge!" Luo Zheng said as he looked at the endless swamp.
What kind of person would appear in the fifth and last level?
After a while, a soldier came out of the swamp.
This soldier was about the same height as Luo Zheng, but the aura coming from him made Luo Zheng very puzzled.
"This soldier is only half-step to the Xiantian realm?" Luo Zheng was dumbfounded. He never dreamed that he would encounter a half-step to the Xiantian realm opponent.
With Luo Zheng's current strength, even a Xiantian lifeform would find it difficult to survive against him, let alone a half-step to the Xiantian realm. Only a Divine Realm expert could defeat Luo Zheng.
Therefore, the strength of a half-step to the Xiantian realm was not worth mentioning at all, so Luo Zheng couldn't figure it out.
"Don't underestimate your opponent. The fifth and last level is the most difficult level. The soldier's strength is basically the same as yours. That is to say, if you are half-step to the Xiantian realm, the soldier will also be half-step to the Xiantian realm. If you are a Xiantian lifeform, then the soldier will also be a Xiantian lifeform," explained Afo.
Luo Zheng smiled faintly and said, "Then won't I win for sure?"
"Hehe, how can it be so easy? There is a trace of an Immortal's remnant soul in the soldier's body. Although this remnant soul has no memory, it is an Immortal's remnant soul after all. It has the Immortal's fighting skills and methods. Even if the soldier's realm is the same as yours, his cultivation method and combat experience are not something you can compare to, "said Afo.
"An Immortal's remnant soul?" Hearing Afo's words, Luo Zheng's expression became serious.
The same strength, when used by different people, had completely different effects.
Luo Zheng himself was a living example. Even if he was only half-step to the Xiantian realm, it was still quite easy for him to defeat those Xiantian lifeforms.
But now, he was facing an Immortal!
This meant that this Immortal had suppressed his strength to half-step to the Xiantian realm to fight with him.
"I can't relax a bit." Luo Zheng was unprecedentedly vigilant. Holding the broken throwing knife in his hand, he stared at the soldier not far away.
The soldier did not approach quickly. It was basically at a stroll, slowly walking towards Luo Zheng.
As the armored soldier walked slowly, streams of vital energy emanated from under his armor.
"Genuine Qi!" This soldier was half-step to the Xiantian realm, so he could not use Genuine Qi. Therefore, it was only Genuine Qi that escaped.
However, the Genuine Qi was also very strange. It was not of one color, but was emitting a variety of colors. The colors on it were constantly changing.
"I don't know what kind of cultivation method he is practicing. He can summon Genuine Qi of this color. No matter what, I have to make the first move!" Luo Zheng exerted strength in his legs. His figure was like a flying shuttle, rushing towards the soldier. At the same time, the broken throwing knife in his hand shot towards the soldier with great precision.
"Swoosh!"
The broken throwing knife spun in a circle and cut towards the soldier's head.
Luo Zheng had already judged in his heart. As long as the soldier dodged his throwing knife, he would activate the Stun Spirit Thorn at the same time. Then, he would retrieve the throwing knife and give him a fatal blow.
However, the soldier only used one movement to resolve Luo Zheng's attack.
The soldier gently tilted his head.
His movement was not wasted at all. He gently tilted his head, and the throwing knife flew along the soldier's cheek. The distance between the throwing knife and the soldier was only half an inch!
"He is too confident. He knows the flying path of the throwing knife like the back of his hand!" Luo Zheng looked at the soldier in surprise and sucked in a breath of cold air.
Then, he gently bit his thumb and pulled the throwing knife back along its original path. Under Luo Zheng's control, the throwing knife flew towards the back of the soldier's head.
The soldier gently tilted his head to the side again, as if he had eyes on the back of his head. He still easily avoided the attack of the broken throwing knife.
"This …" Luo Zheng was dumbfounded.
His two consecutive attacks did not work and were easily resolved by the opponent. At this moment, Luo Zheng did not have any good ideas.
Right at that moment, the armored soldier moved. With an extremely fast speed, he charged toward Luo Zheng.
"Is this the strength of a Half-step to the Innate Realm?"
Looking at the running speed of the soldier, Luo Zheng's pupils suddenly dilated. He could not believe that a Half-step to the Innate Realm could have such speed!
Luo Zheng forgot that the Innate Realm and Divine Reflection Realm experts he had encountered before also looked at Luo Zheng in the same way. This soldier was indeed a Half-step to the Innate Realm. However, he contained a wisp of the Immortal's remnant soul, so he could not be measured by an ordinary Half-step to the Innate Realm!
While the soldier was running, he stretched out his slender and long arms and manipulated his Genuine Qi to draw two colorful arcs.
As soon as the arcs appeared, they were immediately compressed into two fist shadows and hit towards Luo Zheng.
At the same time, the soldier suddenly sped up. At this speed, his whole body pulled out a series of afterimages. It was impossible to see the soldier's figure clearly with the naked eye.
In the blink of an eye, the soldier was already in front of Luo Zheng. He hugged Luo Zheng with both hands and heavily smashed towards him.
Fortunately, the moment the soldier sped up, Luo Zheng had already injected the energy of the Soaring Phoenix Crystal in his arm.
Even with the help of the Soaring Phoenix Crystal, Luo Zheng's speed had increased by ten times. However, compared to the speed of the soldier, he was still too slow.
"Boom!"
This heavy blow hit Luo Zheng's body and directly smashed Luo Zheng into the soft soil.
Luo Zheng's reaction was not slow. As soon as he was smashed down, he roared and pounded his fists on the ground. His whole body jumped up.
However, as soon as Luo Zheng stood up, the two fist shadows condensed from Genuine Qi smashed towards Luo Zheng's face. These two fist shadows were extremely powerful. They hit Luo Zheng's chest and made two muffled sounds. Luo Zheng was directly hit seven or eight feet away. He rolled on the ground several times before coming to a stop.
The soldier didn't chase after him. He still maintained a moderate speed and slowly walked towards Luo Zheng.
Lying on the ground, Luo Zheng's chest heaved up and down as he gasped for breath.
"This soldier is too strong. Every move and style is foreshadowed. My actions have been completely seen through by him. How can I fight this?" Luo Zheng took a deep breath and suddenly got up from the ground. It was impossible for him to give up so easily!
After seeing Luo Zheng get up, the soldier's movement speed increased again. His figure flickered and quickly approached Luo Zheng with strange steps.
"Die for me!"
This time, Luo Zheng locked his eyes on the soldier's body. The moment the soldier closed in on him, he threw a punch at him.
However, this punch still missed. Luo Zheng only hit the soldier's afterimage.
The soldier had already strangely circled behind Luo Zheng. He stretched out his palms and pressed them against Luo Zheng's back.
An extremely terrifying force pushed Luo Zheng's back. Luo Zheng's whole body was thrown forward. His head directly plowed through the soft soil, plowing out a ten feet long ditch!
Luo Zheng's face, mouth, and nose were all covered in mud.
He got up and cleaned up the mud.
The only thing that was in Luo Zheng's favor now was his special body.
Just now, he had been hit several times by the soldier. If it was anyone else, they would have been seriously injured and lying on the ground.
However, Luo Zheng's body had been strengthened by the Strange Flame several times. His body was already extremely strong. Although the soldier was powerful, his strength was only at the half-step Xiantian level. When the force hit Luo Zheng's body, it was continuously turned into a warm current, cleansing Luo Zheng's Dantian.
"Bah!"
Luo Zheng spat out the mud in his mouth and stared at the soldier.
The soldier's speed was extremely fast. If he closed in on him with a sprinting speed, he would not be able to catch the soldier's figure. If this continued, he would definitely lose.
"Close the distance and fight him in close quarters!"
With Luo Zheng's incomparably strong body, he had never been afraid of anyone in close quarters combat.
Luo Zheng threw out the broken throwing knife again. However, this time, Luo Zheng's target was not the soldier, but to block the soldier's retreat.
At the same time, he quickly closed the distance between him and the armored soldier and pulled him towards him.
However, the moment Luo Zheng stretched out his hand, the soldier's hand gently moved and blocked Luo Zheng's attack.
"You want to leave me alone? In your dreams! "Luo Zheng's left hand was blocked. His right hand moved like lightning towards the soldier.

Chapter 150
This was exactly what Luo Zheng wanted. Luo Zheng believed that as long as he could get close, he would have a huge advantage.
Luo Zheng's right hand was held up. His face revealed a smile. The power of the dragon scale in his body erupted in an instant. He lifted the armored soldier up and was about to heavily throw him to the ground.
If this armored soldier really only had the strength of a half-step Xiantian, this throw would definitely kill him.
But before Luo Zheng could fall, the armored soldier's body slid down along Luo Zheng's arm like a snake.
Luo Zheng had already waved his arm and smashed down. But because the armored soldier was so close to him, both of them lost their balance and fell to the ground.
At the moment of falling, Luo Zheng stretched out his other hand to grab the armored soldier's neck. But the armored soldier still slid away from Luo Zheng's hand. Instead, he rolled over and pressed down on Luo Zheng.
"Jiu Jitsu!"
Luo Zheng's heart suddenly flashed with a word.
This armored soldier's series of actions reminded Luo Zheng of a body strengthening technique in the Eastern Domain. It was called Jiu Jitsu.
Ordinary people would practice a few martial arts before entering the Skin Refining Realm, and Jiu Jitsu was one of them.
But once they entered the Skin Refining Realm, most people would not continue to practice Jiu Jitsu. After all, Jiu Jitsu was only suitable for ordinary people to strengthen their body. For martial artists, it was useless.
When he was young, Luo Zheng also practiced Jiu Jitsu.
But when Luo Zheng entered the Skin Refining Realm, he began to practice his ancestral technique, 《Red Sandalwood Fist》.
Luo Zheng would never have thought that this armored soldier would be able to use Jiu Jitsu to such a level.
Under the entanglement of this Jiu Jitsu, Luo Zheng's incomparably fierce strength could not be displayed at all!
"It's just a wisp of an Immortal's remnant soul, but its strength is already so strong!" Luo Zheng was somewhat depressed as he was pressed down by the armored soldier.
Although the fifth visualization image was difficult to obtain, Luo Zheng would never give up!
The soldier stood motionless behind Luo Zheng, as if he was a human-shaped puppet.
However, there was still a trace of arrogance on that wooden face. The remnant soul of the Immortal had been preserved to this day and still retained a trace of spirituality!
"Damn it!"
Luo Zheng's strength suddenly erupted, and he broke free from the soldier's foot.
But as soon as Luo Zheng struggled free and tried to get up, the soldier used his knee to knock him down again.
This time, Luo Zheng learned his lesson. Before he fell to the ground, he threw himself forward, somersaulted, and stood up instantly.
Seeing this, the soldier followed up again and stubbornly pressed him to the ground.
But this time, Luo Zheng gave the soldier a strange smile. "Go to hell!"
Suddenly, Luo Zheng's chest split open, blood splattering everywhere. At the same time, a broken flying knife shot out from his chest, directly towards the armored soldier's face.
"Pu!"
Because the distance between the two was too close, no matter how fast the soldier was, he couldn't avoid the knife. After being hit in the head, the soldier swayed and fell down powerlessly. Then, a faint green dot of light drilled out of the soldier's head.
The small dot of light flew around Luo Zheng once before floating up into the sky.
Looking at the wound on his chest, Luo Zheng sighed. In fact, before deciding to fight hand-to-hand with the soldier, Luo Zheng had already thought of this method.
In terms of cultivation method, this soldier was actually the incarnation of the Immortal, so his cultivation method couldn't be worse than his. In terms of strength, this Immortal had seen through almost all of his moves, so Luo Zheng couldn't find an effective method.
The only problem was that this Immortal only left behind a wisp of his soul, which should contain very few memories. Even if there were, they were probably all memories of battle, which was why the soldier looked so dull.
Therefore, Luo Zheng thought of using the flying knife to pierce himself and kill the soldier. With the Immortal's wisp of soul, he definitely couldn't see through Luo Zheng's plan, which was to kill a thousand enemies at the cost of eight hundred of his own men.
"Heh heh …" Afo's laughter sounded at this moment. "I didn't expect you to be so cunning. If you challenged this soldier openly, you wouldn't have won at all!"
"Of course I know this. This soldier is basically equal to an Immortal. No matter how strong I, Luo Zheng, am, I don't have the capital to contend with an Immortal … Let's not talk so much. Can I be considered to have passed the fifth level?" Luo Zheng said, enduring the sharp pain in his chest. Although the physical damage would disappear after leaving the environment, Luo Zheng's chest still had a bloody hole from the flying knife!
"Yes, you have obtained the Sun-Moon-Star Map. Apart from the first master of the Immortal Mansion, no one else has obtained this Sun-Moon-Star Map. If the first master of the Immortal Mansion is excluded, you are the first to obtain this Sun-Moon-Star Map!" After Afo finished speaking, a large crack appeared in the sky, and a ray of light focused on Luo Zheng.
After the Stellar Transposition, Luo Zheng returned to the hall.
Afo pointed at the visualization map in the distance, and the last one, the Sun-Moon-Stars Map, slowly floated over to Luo Zheng's hand.
"Is this the Sun-Moon-Stars Map?" Luo Zheng curiously took the map in his hand.
What made Luo Zheng feel strange was that when he glanced at the Sun and Moon Stargazing Chart, his eyes seemed to be glued to it. He couldn't take his eyes off the chart at all!
"Eh, what's going on?" Luo Zheng stared at the map, and asked Afo next to him, "Why can't I take my eyes off it?"
This feeling was very strange. His eyes were fixated on this visualization diagram, unwilling to move away for even a moment. Even if someone wanted to kill him at this very moment, he was unwilling to raise his head and only wanted to stare at this diagram. It was as if there was a huge attractive force, attracting Luo Zheng to look at this diagram no matter what ….
"Hehe, this is the first time you've seen a visualization map, and it's true! After looking at it for a long time, you can take your eyes off it. This Sun-Moon-Stars Map not only allows you to visualize the power of the sun, moon, and stars, but also helps you speed up your cultivation. Since you've already got the map, you can visualize it first, and then you can take your eyes off it, "Afo said.
Luo Zheng didn't know whether to laugh or cry. How could he have expected this?
The Sun-Moon-Stars Map looked like a map drawn on parchment paper, with a group of stars, sun, and moon drawn on it.
The strange thing was that it was just a map, but the stars, sun, and moon seemed to be moving. The moon moved slowly around the sun, and the stars moved around the moon.
Luo Zheng tried to take his eyes off the map and roll up the parchment paper, but he couldn't succeed after several tries. Every time he wanted to do so, his body wouldn't listen to him at all.
In the end, he could only follow Afo's instructions and sit down to visualize the Sun-Moon-Stars Map.
When Luo Zheng sat down and looked at the Sun-Moon-Stars Map, he suddenly fell into a strange state.
Wisps of Celestial Demon qi circulated involuntarily in his dantian, and circulated faster and faster.
The Heavenly Devil Genuine Qi flowed through Luo Zheng's meridians in the opposite direction and rushed up to Luo Zheng's head. It escaped from the Qingming acupoint in his eyes and shot toward the Sun, Moon, and Stars Map.
When the qi entered the map, it intersected with the stars and plated them with bits of starlight, then escaped from the map and burrowed into Luo Zheng's dantian.
In this way, the qi continued to circulate between Luo Zheng and the Sun-Moon-Stars Map.
One cycle …
Two cycles …
A hundred cycles …
Fu, who was standing at the side, was also shocked when he saw this.
"To be able to seize the good fortune of starlight on his first visualization, this … is too ridiculous!" Although Afo hadn't seen anyone practice the Sun-Moon-Stars Map, he had seen the second master of Immortal Abode practice the Nine-Heavens Samsara Map.
The second master of Immortal Abode was also a prodigy, not to mention that he was much, much stronger than Luo Zheng when he entered Immortal Abode.
Even so, it took him half a year to seize the creation of the first level of the Reincarnation Diagram of the Nine Heavens!
However, the Nine-Heavens Samsara Map had a total of nine layers of heaven, with nine different fortunes, while the Sun-Moon-Stars Map only had three: the sun, the moon, and the stars.
In contrast, the Sun-Moon-Stars Map was much more difficult to practice …
Luo Zheng had only just begun to visualize, but he could already seize the fortune of the stars. This kid's talent was too monstrous.
Time passed unknowingly. Luo Zheng had been sitting in place for three days.
After a full three thousand cycles, Luo Zheng suddenly closed his eyes. After a long time of immersion, he opened his eyes again, his eyes full of brilliant starlight!
"This Sun-Moon-Stars Map is indeed extraordinary. After absorbing the starlight, the whole person's mental state is improved. The starlight seems to be able to purify one's soul!" Luo Zheng exclaimed.
This was only Luo Zheng's most intuitive feeling. In fact, as the best map in the hands of an Immortal, the power of this visualization map was definitely not limited to this.
Luo Zheng operated his dantian and extracted the Heavenly Demon True Qi from his dantian. He found that there were also specks of starlight on the Heavenly Demon True Qi. The purple-black Heavenly Demon True Qi sparkled with sparkling light, very beautiful.
"The Heavenly Demon True Qi can devour all other True Qi and True Yuan, so it can get along well with the starlight … eh?"
Just as Luo Zheng was observing, there was a sudden change in front of him!
The Heavenly Demon True Qi in Luo Zheng's hand was slowly disappearing.
"What's going on?"
At the same time, Luo Zheng felt that the Heavenly Demon True Qi in his dantian was also slowly rotating. It was hot, as if someone had ignited a ball of fire and thrown it into his dantian.
As the Heavenly Demon True Qi in his dantian rotated faster and faster, Luo Zheng felt that the heat in his dantian was also increasing.
The Heavenly Demon True Qi involuntarily spread out from his dantian and attacked all of Luo Zheng's meridians at an extremely fast speed.
The Heavenly Demon True Qi seemed to have undergone a fundamental change. The True Qi became denser and more delicate.

Chapter 151
Luo Zheng was pleasantly surprised.
While the Heavenly Demon Qi was circulating in his body, Luo Zheng reached out and extracted a portion of it, forcing it out of his body.
The Heavenly Demon Qi had completely changed its appearance. Although it was still purplish black, it now looked like a dense purplish black fog.
"I've broken through!"
After enduring for so long in the half-step Xiantian realm, Luo Zheng had finally stepped into the Xiantian realm!
The Heavenly Demon Qi had been circulating madly in his body, transforming his qi into vital essence. That thick black fog in Luo Zheng's hand was the essence of the Heavenly Demon Qi!
After entering the Xiantian realm, Luo Zheng's strength had risen to another level.
More importantly, he'd broken through the bottleneck of the Xiantian realm, which meant that the speed of his advancement would be much faster than before.
"Congratulations on becoming a Xiantian lifeform," Afo congratulated Luo Zheng with a faint smile.
In truth, in Afo's eyes, not to mention Xiantian lifeforms, even Divine Reflection cultivators were as insignificant as dust in his eyes.
However, Afo was only a servant in Immortal Abode, while Luo Zheng was its temporary master. As long as he performed well, he could become the true master of Immortal Abode in the future. Afo naturally had to be respectful.
Luo Zheng nodded and smiled at Afo. After becoming a Xiantian lifeform, Luo Zheng was one step closer to his goal.
Then he closed his eyes again and began to consolidate his realm.
Only after three full days did Luo Zheng finally open his eyes. After becoming a Xiantian lifeform, Luo Zheng could feel that his body had undergone some changes.
His breathing became longer and more vigorous. It took him as long as a stick of incense to burn to breathe in and out!
After stabilizing his realm, Luo Zheng leapt up and punched the air. This was the first form of the Heavenly Demon Fist, "Demonic Shakes the World".
When this punch was thrown, a greenish-black fist shadow flew out. The fist shadow was more solid and faster. At the same time, it contained a little bit of starlight.
Luo Zheng smacked his lips as he watched the shadows of the fists moving further and further away. It was a pity that there was no opponent in front of him to test the power of the 《Demonic God Fist》. Luo Zheng sized up Afo. Looking at the expressionless Afo, Luo Zheng decided to forget about it. This guy's strength was unfathomable, and he probably wouldn't have any reaction at all.
Although he had become the temporary owner of this immortal mansion and obtained this visualization diagram, he still felt a little depressed when he thought about how he couldn't use anything in this immortal mansion.
If he were to enter the Alchemy Room and obtain a legendary Immortal Pill, wouldn't his strength advance by leaps and bounds?
Since the third master of the immortal mansion had made such an arrangement, there must be a reason for it. Luo Zheng didn't insist.
Since Luo Zheng couldn't enter other places in the immortal mansion, he couldn't stay here forever.
So Luo Zheng cupped his hands to Afo and said, "I've been in this immortal mansion for some time. If there's nothing else, I'll take my leave first!"
"Oh?" Afo's face showed a strange expression, "This immortal mansion is an excellent place for cultivation. The speed of condensing True Essence is several times faster than outside. If you want to cultivate wholeheartedly, cultivating here is the best choice. Why do you still want to go out?"
Afo waited for so many years to welcome a new master of the immortal mansion, but he didn't expect Luo Zheng to leave so soon.
Luo Zheng shook his head and said, "I still have a lot of things to do outside!"
After thinking for a moment, Fu stretched out his hand and took out a command medallion.
On the front of the token was engraved some complicated patterns and the word "Xun".
Afo said, "If you want to return to the immortal mansion in the future, just show this token at the entrance."
Luo Zheng took the token and felt it was a bit heavy. It wasn't made of gold or iron, but he didn't know what kind of metal it was made of.
Before leaving, Afo's eyes suddenly showed endless loneliness. Although Afo was a puppet, there was a living soul inside. After so many years of waiting, the soul had indeed suffered greatly.
Seeing the loneliness in Afo's eyes, Luo Zheng's heart moved. Afo had helped him many times during the trials. He said to Afo, "Don't worry, you've waited for thousands of years. I'm sure I'll be back soon. Although I'm only the temporary master now, I'll definitely become the true master of this immortal mansion!"
Afo smiled faintly, "Do your best, maybe you'll be able to revive this immortal mansion!"
In fact, there were some things that Fu didn't tell Luo Zheng. Since the death of the third owner of this immortal mansion, over the years, there had been seven or eight temporary owners, but none of them had been able to truly inherit this immortal mansion.
Afo walked Luo Zheng all the way to the entrance and watched Luo Zheng's back as he left. Finally, he said faintly, "But … after so many years, only this young man has been able to obtain the Sun-Moon-Star Map. Even the second and third masters of this immortal mansion didn't get it. Maybe he can create a miracle and fulfill the master's last wish?"
… …
… …
After leaving Immortal Mansion, Luo Zheng went back and forth through the boundary.
For safety's sake, Luo Zheng put his mask back on. As soon as Luo Zheng returned to Jade Dragon Valley, he discovered the group of connate lifeforms from the seven landowning clans.
Because the group of Xiantian life forms couldn't pass through the jade path, they waited by the side of the pool.
As for what happened in the pavilion in the middle of the pool, they couldn't see because of the boundary.
After waiting for a long time, they had no choice but to withdraw from Immortal Mansion. After all, it was a dangerous place for them.
If the two giant puppets they'd lured to the edge of the square returned, none of them would be able to make it out alive!
After leaving Immortal Mansion, they returned to Jade Dragon Valley and waited patiently again.
They waited for seven or eight days!
There was still no movement from Immortal Mansion, and not a single person came out.
These connate lifeforms were uneasy. Perhaps all the Illumination Spirit realm powerhouses in their clans had already perished.
Given the dangers of Immortal Mansion, this was absolutely possible.
At this moment, a light flashed between the two bamboos, and Luo Zheng's figure appeared in it.
"It's him, the kid with the mask!"
"He's still alive, how is that possible?"
"Where's my Uncle Ge? How is he?! "
Seeing the masked Luo Zheng, the connate lifeforms cried out one after another, many of them extremely shocked.
Although Luo Zheng had safely passed through the jade path and entered the pavilion, these connate lifeforms were well aware of the gap between Luo Zheng and those Illumination Spirit realm powerhouses.
If there was any danger in the pavilion, the first to die would probably be the masked kid.
After all, he was the weakest. Although Luo Zheng had used thunderous means to kill two connate lifeforms, so what?
There was a natural chasm between Mister's Celestial Spirit realm and the Illumination Spirit realm. It was simply impossible to cross!
In the end, only the masked kid came out this time. This was unacceptable to the people waiting outside.
There were also some connate lifeforms who asked Luo Zheng about their elders.
Facing these connate lifeforms, Luo Zheng smiled coldly, lowered his head, and walked away.
He didn't walk the same path as them, so there was naturally no need to explain to them. At the same time, Luo Zheng didn't want to cause more trouble. As long as these connate lifeforms didn't trouble him, he could let them live.
However, Luo Zheng wanted to leave, but some people didn't let him.
"Stop! You want to leave just like this? "Several connate lifeforms blocked Luo Zheng's path.
"I'm not familiar with you, so I won't leave here. Why don't you invite me to tea?" Luo Zheng revealed a faint smile and teased them.
The leader of the connate lifeforms said coldly, "Tea isn't a problem. Our family has the best Celestial Spirit tea in the Eastern Domain. If you explain clearly, I'll invite you to drink it every day!"
Luo Zheng shook his head and said, "I'm not interested! Goodbye! "
"What happened to my elders? Where are they now? "The man didn't want to give way, and instead questioned Luo Zheng.
Luo Zheng's face darkened. "I'll say it again. I'm not familiar with you, so I don't want to answer your questions. If you don't want to die, get out of my way!"
The strength Luo Zheng had shown before was enough to make these people very afraid. After all, Luo Zheng could kill Yan Jiu, and even killed Ye Chou in a strange way.
Although some of these connate lifeforms were stronger than Ye Chou, the gap between them and Ye Chou wasn't too big. At present, they were still somewhat afraid of Luo Zheng.
When Luo Zheng spoke, his aura burst out, making that connate lifeform take a step back. Then he said loudly, "Everyone, let's attack together. He definitely knows what happened in the immortal mansion. We can't let him leave!"
People often had a herd mentality. As the saying goes, there's strength in numbers. Everyone could embolden each other.
Although they were all afraid of Luo Zheng, they didn't believe that Luo Zheng could defeat so many connate lifeforms by himself.
Seeing so many connate lifeforms surrounding him, Luo Zheng's eyes narrowed slightly, and the killing intent in his eyes grew stronger little by little. He didn't want to kill more people, but these landowning households were so difficult to deal with.
"If you want to die, come at me. I can help you. You'll all die like those guys in the Divine Reflection Realm inside!" Luo Zheng stretched out his fist, and streams of purple-black Heavenly Devil Genuine Qi gushed out.
"What? They're all dead? "
"Where's my Uncle Haoran?"
"Impossible! They're all in the Divine Reflection Realm. How could they die so easily? You're lying! "
However, the news of the annihilation of all the Divine Reflection Realm powerhouses was hard to believe.
They knew that the immortal mansion was so dangerous that even a Divine Reflection Realm powerhouse would be as powerless as a bug, and could die at any time.
They didn't dare to believe it because they couldn't accept it.
＝＝＝＝＝

Chapter 152
These Illuminating Spirit experts were the most valuable fighting force of the seven noble families. If they were killed in the mansion, it would be a huge blow to the seven noble families.
"If you don't believe me, you can find your own way into the mansion to investigate. This has nothing to do with me. I'll say one more thing, I'm leaving this place. Anyone who gets in my way will die!" Luo Zheng walked forward after saying this.
"No, you can't leave. You have to give the Huang family an explanation! Otherwise, don't even think about leaving this place alive! " A Huang Family Xiantian lifeform blocked in front of Luo Zheng. This Xiantian lifeform condensed his true essence into a small green dragon, which bit towards Luo Zheng!
"Scram!"
Luo Zheng slapped back, the Heavenly Demon True Yuan rolling in his palm. Specks of starlight twinkled.
"Bo!"
The small green dragon was formed from True Yuan, but it didn't even qualify to be devoured by the Heavenly Demon True Yuan. Before it could even get close to Luo Zheng, Luo Zheng slapped it into nothingness. At the same time, the Heavenly Demon True Yuan flashed with specks of starlight and pounced on the Huang family Xiantian lifeform.
Luo Zheng didn't use the Heavenly Demon God's Fist for this move. He just activated his Heavenly Demon True Yuan to strike.
Just as the palm slammed into the Xiantian lifeform's body, the sparkling stars suddenly shattered.
Boom! Boom! Boom! Boom!
The sparkling stars were only the size of rice grains, but after they shattered, they exploded with energy that shocked all the Xiantian lifeforms.
Each explosion was like the destruction of a star.
When the explosions stopped, the Huang family Xiantian lifeform had completely disappeared!
One palm strike had turned him into dust! How frightening was this power? Even an Illuminating Spirit expert would find it difficult to do so.
The Xiantian lifeforms' expressions turned ugly.
"This kid broke through. He was only a half-step Xiantian in the mansion, but now he's turned his True Yuan into True Yuan. He killed Ye Chou when he was half-step Xiantian. Now that he's a Xiantian lifeform, his strength has increased by leaps and bounds. We … we're no match for him!" someone whispered.
Luo Zheng looked around and asked in a gloomy voice, "Is there anyone else who wants to stop me?"
All of the Xiantian lifeforms were silent. But after a while, a young man walked out and said, "I think it would be better for you to explain what happened inside."
"What if I don't explain?"
Luo Zheng frowned. The young man immediately retreated a few steps as if he was facing a great enemy. He tried his best to suppress his fear of Luo Zheng and said, "If you don't explain, I'm afraid it will be difficult to explain to the seven noble families."
"Hahahahaha …" Luo Zheng suddenly laughed wildly as if he had heard the funniest joke in his life. "Explain? Why should I give you seven noble families an explanation? Or rather, what qualifications do the seven noble families have for me to give them an explanation? "
Luo Zheng had long held a grudge against these landowning households. Along the way, he had been in constant trouble, and it was all because of these landowning households!
The young man's complexion became even more unsightly at this time. "Aren't you a little too arrogant?"
Although the strength Luo Zheng had shown was indeed frightening, the seven noble families had seen all kinds of geniuses since they were young. The seven noble families' disciples with extremely high innate talents were basically the top ten disciples of the Blue Cloud Sect in all the years!
The young man in front of them was unexpectedly so arrogant that he didn't put the seven noble families in his eyes at all. This made those Xiantian lifeforms from the noble families unable to accept it for a while.
"I'm arrogant? Haha. "Luo Zheng took two steps forward and the young man immediately took two steps back." You can go home and tell your family's elders that I'll eradicate these noble families one by one in my lifetime! You can see if I'm really arrogant or not at that time! "
Everyone's complexion was still very unsightly. This masked young man was already unreasonably arrogant. However, they weren't his match at the moment. The fate of the Huang family's Xiantian lifeform was still in front of them. They didn't dare to refute Luo Zheng too much.
They could only look on helplessly as Luo Zheng safely left after speaking such arrogant words.
It wasn't until a long time after Luo Zheng had left that the crowd began to whisper spiritedly.
At this time, they weren't talking about the safety of those Illuminating Spirit powerhouses …
Instead, they began to criticize Luo Zheng.
"Haha, these commoner-born disciples all have a vicious aura. No matter how talented they are, they'll die prematurely sooner or later! My Yu family's genius, Yu Xiaoshu, isn't inferior to him in strength, but his mental state is much stronger than his! "
"What's the point of thinking so much? Let me tell you, this masked young man won't live for long! He must die, he'll definitely die! "
"You're talking nonsense. Since the founding of the Heavenly King Blazing Dynasty, all those who opposed the seven noble families have died! How can this young man be an exception? "
These Xiantian lifeforms were spitting saliva everywhere, but they forgot that when Luo Zheng was here, none of them dared to speak like this!
After leaving Jade Dragon Valley, Luo Zheng felt an inexplicable satisfaction in his heart. Of course, he knew how these Xiantian lifeforms would talk about him behind his back, but he didn't care. He was already used to the character of these noble children. Only by completely suppressing them would they feel fear and dread!
After following the original path back to Guanghan Prefecture, Luo Zheng went to find several stablemen in a row, but he couldn't buy the horse he wanted. After all, this was a small place, and those stables only sold ordinary horses. Luo Zheng wanted to hurry on his way, and those ordinary horses were useless to Luo Zheng. They weren't as convenient as his legs.
A stableman saw that Luo Zheng was really in a hurry to buy a famous colt. When Luo Zheng left, the stableman rushed out and said to Luo Zheng, "Sir, I know who has a Chasing Lightning Colt!"
"Oh? Who is it? "Luo Zheng only cared about getting the horse. As for who he bought it from, he didn't care.
The stableman pointed into the distance, "There, the richest family in our Guanghan Prefecture, the Li Family, has a Chasing Lightning Colt. They just bought it from another prefecture last month. Some time ago, the Li Family's young master often rode the Chasing Lightning Colt on the streets!"
Luo Zheng nodded. He took out some gold leaves from his Sumeru Ring and threw them to the stableman. The stableman naturally beamed with joy and thanked him repeatedly. At the same time, he didn't forget to remind Luo Zheng, "That Li Family's young master doesn't have a good temper. If you want to buy a horse from him, you'll have to have a good talk with him …"
Luo Zheng smiled faintly. The stableman's reminder was out of kindness. As for whether Luo Zheng would have a "good talk" with the Li Family's young master, that would depend on Luo Zheng's mood.
Luo Zheng had just followed the stableman's directions and arrived in front of a row of luxurious and elegant buildings. These buildings had rhombus-shaped wooden signs hanging above them. On the wooden signs, there was a large "Li" character. Presumably, these were the properties of Guanghan Prefecture's rich Li Family.
He had just stood in front of the Li Family's gate for a while when two attendants wearing leather armor came over and shouted at Luo Zheng, "Go away, go away. This is not a place for you to stay. Be careful, or else I'll arrest you!"
Luo Zheng frowned, but before he could do anything, he heard a roar. He saw someone riding a horse from the corner of the street, charging straight in his direction.
Luo Zheng's eyesight was now very strong. Although the horse was still far away from Luo Zheng, Luo Zheng could see it clearly. There were blue sparks of lightning on the horse's hooves, and it was running at an extremely fast speed. It was the Chasing Lightning Colt that Luo Zheng wanted to buy.
The Chasing Lightning Colt was extremely fast. It only took a breath to rush from the end of the street to here. It could be said to be as fast as lightning.
But just as the person on the horse urged the Chasing Lightning Colt to gallop, a hand-drawn cart suddenly rushed out from the other side of the street. The person pulling the cart was a thin and frail old man, and the old man was pulling the cart with a few children in ragged clothes.
The old man didn't expect a horse to rush over at such a fast speed, and for a moment, he stood in place in a daze.
"You're courting death!" A young man wearing a brocade robe, his face full of hostility, shouted loudly.
When the people on the street saw this scene, they subconsciously closed their eyes. If they were hit by the Chasing Lightning Colt, the old man pulling the cart, as well as the children in the cart, would most likely die.
At this critical moment, Luo Zheng's figure suddenly appeared in front of the Chasing Lightning Colt. He stretched out his hand and grabbed the Chasing Lightning Colt's two sturdy front legs, abruptly lifting both the man and the horse.
"It's dangerous here. Hurry up and leave," Luo Zheng said to the old man while holding the Chasing Lightning Colt.
The old man looked at Luo Zheng with a frightened expression, then lowered his head and turned the cart with the children around, quickly leaving.
At this time, the young man sitting on the Chasing Lightning Colt cursed, "What kind of dog is this? Put me down!"
Hearing the young man's foul mouth, Luo Zheng's face suddenly turned cold. He carefully put the Chasing Lightning Colt down. The reason why he was so careful was not because he was afraid of hurting the young man, but because he was afraid of hurting the horse.
"Dog, you dare to block this father's carriage? You're courting death!" The young man sitting on the Chasing Lightning Colt was put down by Luo Zheng. He stretched out his hand and fiercely lashed out at Luo Zheng with a horsewhip.
Luo Zheng casually grasped the horsewhip in his hand.
When the two attendants at the gate of the Li Family saw this scene, they surrounded Luo Zheng and shouted, "Bold servant, why haven't you let go yet? Our family's young master wants to whip you, yet you still dare to not let go of his whip. If you die early, quickly kneel on the street and let our family's young master whip you a hundred times, then you can be spared from death!"
Hearing the attendant's words, Luo Zheng's face revealed a trace of a sneer. He gently pulled with his hand, and the Li Family's young master was pulled off the Chasing Lightning Colt by Luo Zheng.
Whether it was the Li Family's young master or the attendants, they were all masters of Guanghan Prefecture, especially the Li Family's young master. At this moment, he was stunned because no one had ever dared to pull him off a horse before.

Chapter 153
"Is that so? I want to know, how are you going to kill me? Like this? Or like this? " As Luo Zheng spoke, he took out a broken throwing knife and grabbed the dazed young master of the Li family. The broken throwing knife moved back and forth in front of the young master's face.
"You, you, let go of our young master!" The two attendants took a step forward and said gloomily.
At this moment, the young master of the Li family finally reacted and cursed, "Bastard, let go of me. Then take your broken knife and cut open your stomach, or I'll kill your entire family!"
This time, as soon as the young master of the Li family finished speaking, Luo Zheng slapped him.
"Kill my entire family? Do you know who I am? How are you going to punish me? "Luo Zheng asked coldly.
"Haha, you dare to hit my face. My father doesn't dare to do it, but you dare to hit me. You're dead. I'll kill you …" The young master of the Li family had a fierce temper. Luo Zheng's slap made his mouth full of blood, but he still dared to speak so wildly.
"Pa …"
Without waiting for him to finish speaking, Luo Zheng slapped him again.
The young master of the Li family's eyes were full of malice and coldness. Just as he was about to speak, Luo Zheng slapped him again.
The two attendants of the Li family couldn't stand it anymore. They rushed forward with their weapons, but Luo Zheng kicked each of them and they flew more than ten meters away.
After dealing with the two attendants, Luo Zheng turned back to deal with the young master of the Li family.
In fact, Luo Zheng didn't want to look for trouble, but he didn't expect that he would encounter such a thing just because he wanted to buy a horse.
After Luo Zheng slapped the young master of the Li family five or six times, the arrogant and vicious young master of the Guanghan Prefecture finally behaved.
"Are you still going to curse?" Luo Zheng asked.
"No … I'm not cursing," the young master of the Li family said, trembling.
Luo Zheng smiled. "That's right. I have something to discuss with you today."
"Why are you looking for me?" Young Master Li looked surprised. "But I don't know you!"
"I'll make a deal with you. Sell me this horse!" Luo Zheng pointed at Chasing Lightning and said.
"Ah!" Although the Li Family's Eldest Young Master had been beaten into obedience by Luo Zheng, this Chasing Lightning Colt was something he had painstakingly obtained. As a hedonistic son of the Li Family, he had never asked about business matters. He only knew that money couldn't buy what he liked, so how could he be willing to sell it?
But when he thought of the power of Luo Zheng's slap, the Li family's eldest young master was filled with fear. His face revealed an expression of being in a dilemma.
"What? You don't want to sell? "Luo Zheng's voice suddenly became cold.
"I'll sell, I'll sell …" Seeing this, the Li family's eldest young master hurriedly nodded. But when he glanced at the door of his house, he immediately changed his words and cursed, "Sell your mother!"
After saying this, the Li family's eldest young master turned and ran. At this moment, a group of people came out of the Li family's gate. The person in the lead had a face full of riches and dignity. He was accompanied by two guards who were aggressively rushing over.
Luo Zheng didn't chase after the Li family's eldest young master. He just stood in place, coldly looking at the group of people who were constantly approaching him.
The Li family's eldest young master ran to the person in the lead and complained tearfully, "Father, today I met a hooligan who dared to hit me!"
Luo Zheng's slap didn't taste good. At this moment, the Li family's eldest young master's cheeks were swollen and blood was constantly flowing out of his mouth. Where was the handsome and elegant appearance of the Li family's eldest young master?
The Li family's eldest young master's father was the richest man in Guanghan Prefecture, Li Qiong. Because he had a son at an old age, he spoiled his only son very much. Usually, he would flatter and protect him. Seeing his son beaten like this, his expression was naturally very ugly.
Li Qiong comforted his son and then walked over to Luo Zheng with two guards. He coldly asked, "Who are you? How dare you hit my son?"
Luo Zheng wasn't even in the mood to explain at this moment. Instead, he said, "I hit you. So what?"
Li Qiong was able to do business to this extent in the barren Guanghan Prefecture. He could be considered a person with some ability. When he heard Luo Zheng's ruthless words, he didn't show the slightest trace of fear on his face. He said, "You're just a Xiantian lifeform. How dare you be so arrogant in front of our Li family's gate? Do you really think there's no one in Guanghan Prefecture?" After speaking, Li Qiong waved his hand and the two guards on his left and right stepped forward.
These two guards were considered top experts in Guanghan Prefecture. One of them was at Xiantian seventh stage and the other was at Xiantian eighth stage.
To be honest, the strength of these two guards was a bit beyond Luo Zheng's expectations.
Because in Chongyang Prefecture, where the Luo family was located, a Xiantian fifth stage expert could be considered a tyrant in Chongyang Prefecture.
But in Guanghan Prefecture, they were able to recruit such strong experts. This really made Luo Zheng somewhat puzzled.
Luo Zheng wouldn't think about things that he couldn't figure out. For a half-step Xiantian Luo Zheng, it would take a lot of effort to reach Xiantian seventh stage and Xiantian eighth stage.
But for the current Luo Zheng, it wasn't worth mentioning!
The two guards, having received their master's order, wanted to surround him, but at this moment, they didn't think of making a move.
They saw that Luo Zheng's strength was only at Xiantian first stage. In their minds, they thought that as long as they gave this kid a certain amount of pressure, he would obediently submit.
But they didn't expect that Luo Zheng would be the first one to make a move.
This time, Luo Zheng didn't even use the Zhen Yuan in his body. Instead, he directly used the Phoenix Soaring Crystal in his right hand to increase his speed to the limit. At the same time, he combined the powerful strength in his body and punched towards the two guards' chests.
Because of his extremely fast speed and great strength, the two guards didn't even have the chance to react.
"Bang, bang!"
One punch, one punch each. Luo Zheng's fist imprinted on the two guards' chests, making them directly fly out and heavily hit the ground.
Luo Zheng had held back these two punches. Otherwise, their fate would have been the same as that of the gentry in the Jade Dragon Valley. They would have been annihilated into pieces by Luo Zheng's star power.
"Now, do you still need to ask me the reason?" Luo Zheng asked indifferently.
Li Qiong's complexion was very ugly. He knew very well how much money he had spent to recruit these two guards.
Some powerhouses simply didn't care about money. No matter how much money was spent, they couldn't be recruited. Li Qiong was very lucky to be able to recruit a Xiantian seventh stage and a Xiantian eighth stage powerhouse. These two people had always been Li Qiong's backing in Guanghan Province.
But Li Qiong didn't expect that these two guards would be so weak in front of this kid. In just one exchange, two punches had instantly made them seriously injured and fall to the ground. Now, it seemed that they wouldn't be able to get up for a while.
However, Li Qiong had been in the business world for many years and had developed a good mentality. Before, he had been arrogant because he thought that he had the capital to be arrogant.
But his capital was instantly broken by this kid, so his noble face immediately changed. His expression changed so fast that even Luo Zheng couldn't compare.
"Hey, hey, hey, this friend passed by our Guanghan Province and had a little conflict with my son. As his father, I apologize to him first." Li Qiong cupped his hands and said with a smile, as if Luo Zheng hadn't beaten his son, but someone else's son, not his guard, but someone else's guard!
As the saying goes, don't slap a smiling face. Luo Zheng couldn't teach the father of the Li family a lesson, so he just shook his head and said: "I don't have any conflict with your son. On the contrary, I have something to ask him. It's just that his mouth is too smelly, so I taught him a lesson!
"My son was born with a smelly mouth. As his father, I apologize to you first." Li Qiong cupped his hands again and then turned to his son and shouted: "Why haven't you apologized to this friend yet!"
"Father!" The eldest son of the Li family covered his face, his face full of unwillingness. Clearly, he still didn't understand the situation at hand.
Luo Zheng really did shake his head. This kid's ability was far inferior to his father's.
"I told you to apologize, so apologize. What are you waiting for? Do you believe that I won't beat you to death?" Li Qiong said fiercely. He had never been so angry with his son, but Li Qiong understood that this youth's strength was high. If this youth was a narrow-minded person, he would probably destroy the entire Li family. At this moment, he couldn't be careless at all.
Although the eldest son of the Li family was still unwilling, he had never seen his father like this before. He vaguely felt a trace of danger, so he reluctantly walked up, bowed to Luo Zheng, and lowered his head to apologize.
Luo Zheng waved his hand: "No need, I came to find you. I only want to buy your Chasing Lightning Colt. I'll pay double the price you paid for it."
When Li Qiong heard this, he understood this youth's purpose. His face was as if bathed in a spring breeze. He smiled amiably at Luo Zheng and said: "We're all people of Jianghu. Talking about money makes us seem like strangers. Let me give you this Chasing Lightning Colt."
"No need, how much?" Luo Zheng asked.
Li Qiong saw that Luo Zheng was very determined to pay, so he didn't talk about giving it away. He knew that some people didn't like to owe favors. If he insisted on giving away the Chasing Lightning Colt, he was afraid that he would annoy this youth. So he said: "This Chasing Lightning Colt is worth two square crystals."
In fact, Li Qiong's price was too low. The Chasing Lightning Colt was a precious horse of the Eastern Domain. Although it couldn't fly like the Flying Chariot, it was still very fast and good at traveling. He had spent thirty square crystals to buy this Chasing Lightning Colt. Two square crystals was already an extremely cheap price.
"Ding ding dang dang …"
Luo Zheng stretched out his hand and four square crystals fell out from his spatial ring. Then he asked: "I used twice the price to buy this horse. Do you have any objections?"
Li Qiong smiled and waved his hand, "No, no, I used two square crystals to buy this horse. I sold it for four square crystals and made more than double the profit. How could I have any objections?"
Luo Zheng nodded, then turned his head and climbed onto the Lightning Chasing Foal. With a squeeze of his legs, he turned the horse around and gave Li Qiong a deep look before swaggering off. Luo Zheng originally wanted to ridicule Luo Zheng. As a father, he was capable of judging people and judging things. However, that son of his was completely useless. However, when he thought about the love of all parents in the world, he, Luo Zheng, was not such a narrow-minded person. Therefore, he held back his words.
After knowing that Luo Zheng had left, the Li Family's Great Young Master unhappily said: "Father, why did you sell the Chasing Lightning Colt! That was … "
"Pa!"
Li Qiong slapped his son's face. This was the first time his son had ever been slapped in his life.
"I told you to stay at home and not stir up trouble outside. If you provoke an ordinary person, your father can handle it. But if you provoke someone with great ability, then you won't even know how to write the word 'death'!" Li Qiong's face was cold as he lectured his son. He could only blame himself for spoiling his son too much.
The Li Family's Great Young Master covered his face and miserably said: "Your son knows his wrongs. But Father, that Chasing Lightning Colt cost thirty square crystals to buy. Why did you cheat him of two square crystals! He gave us four square crystals, as if he was giving us a great bargain. How could he do business like this … "

Chapter 154
Strictly speaking, the Chasing Lightning Foal was no longer a horse. It could be considered a spiritual beast. This kind of spiritual beast had been tamed by some experienced and powerful people.
The Chasing Lightning Foal's initial speed wasn't fast, but once it sped up, its speed became faster and faster. The horse, carrying Luo Zheng, seemed to transform into a bolt of lightning as it ran wildly on the official road.
Along the way, Luo Zheng would occasionally stop to let the Chasing Lightning Foal rest for a while before immediately continuing on his journey. There was almost no delay in the journey.
Even so, Luo Zheng still spent several days to rush from Guanghan County to the Burning Heaven Imperial Capital.
After arriving at the Blue Cloud Sect, Luo Zheng placed the Chasing Lightning Foal in the Blue Cloud Sect's special place to raise spiritual beasts. Then, he went straight to Xiao Yufeng.
Luo Zheng had already left for quite some time. The disciples who had participated in the Monster Slaying Trial with Luo Zheng had already returned to the mountain peak.
Luo Zheng had just arrived at the foot of Little Rain Peak and was about to step onto the mountain road. However, there were two people standing next to the mountain road. These two people were wearing purple light armor. They were the Blue Cloud Sect's inspectors.
When these two inspectors saw Luo Zheng, they straightened their bodies and walked in front of Luo Zheng. They pointed at Luo Zheng's waist and said, "Show me your disciple card!"
The Blue Cloud Sect's inspectors had great power. Their main responsibility was to maintain order in the entire Blue Cloud Sect. However, the order on the mountain peak was managed by the various teachers. Therefore, they usually only cared about the other areas at the foot of the mountain.
Luo Zheng didn't think too much about it. He took the disciple card from his waist and handed it to the inspector.
The inspector took a look and then gave the inspector next to him a meaningful look. He turned his head and said to Luo Zheng, "You can't go up the mountain right now. You have to come with us."
"Why?" Luo Zheng's face sank. He clearly didn't understand what was going on.
"You'll know when you get there." The inspector added, "Hold out your hands."
Just as Luo Zheng stretched out his hands, an inspector lightly clapped his hands and muttered something. Immediately, a stream of Zhenyuan appeared around Luo Zheng's wrists. Immediately, the Zhenyuan transformed into a tender green thorn, which bound Luo Zheng's hands together.
"What does that mean?" Luo Zheng gritted his teeth and asked. After all, this was the Blue Cloud Sect. Luo Zheng understood that everything had to be done according to the rules. However, his hands were bound for no reason. This was almost touching Luo Zheng's bottom line.
The inspector's face revealed a hint of mockery. "Didn't I tell you? You'll know when we get there! "
Luo Zheng forcibly suppressed the anger in his heart. After all, this was the Blue Cloud Sect. He believed that they wouldn't dare to act recklessly.
Then, Luo Zheng was invited onto a Flying Chariot by the two inspectors.
The Flying Chariot quickly moved through the Blue Cloud Sect. Soon afterwards, it brought Luo Zheng to a small mountain.
There was a giant iron tablet erected at the top of this small mountain. On it were the words' Xunming Mountain '.
When he saw these words, Luo Zheng's brows furrowed slightly.
Luo Zheng had heard of Xunming Mountain before. This Xunming Mountain could be considered the 'court' of the Blue Cloud Sect. Normally, only when disciples made mistakes or committed crimes would they be sent to Xunming Mountain to be sentenced and imprisoned. Once the matter was truly investigated, they would be released according to the situation, or sent to Purgatory Mountain.
When he saw these two inspectors examine his disciple tablet and find out that he was Luo Zheng, they actually brought him to Xunming Mountain. Could it be that he violated some serious rules of the Blue Cloud Sect?
When the Flying Chariot slowly stopped, one of the inspectors shouted towards Luo Zheng, "Get down!" As he spoke, he even gave Luo Zheng's shoulder a push.
When these two inspectors' attitudes took a sudden turn, Luo Zheng immediately understood that someone was going to make a move against him.
A cold smile appeared on his face.
Regardless of whether this Xunming Mountain was a dragon's pool or a tiger's den, if anyone wanted to harm him, he wouldn't hold back either!
At this moment, he was still suppressing his anger and obediently followed the two inspectors into Xunming Mountain.
As they walked along the mountain path, a pitch-black building appeared before their eyes. On top of it hung a signboard with the words' Disciplinary Hall 'written on it.
Luo Zheng's ears were sensitive. He heard the sound of whips lashing continuously coming from inside the building, as well as the sound of people yelling. He guessed that the people in the Disciplinary Hall were torturing the disciples who violated the sect rules.
After Luo Zheng entered the Disciplinary Hall, he saw a middle-aged man wearing a purple-gold flying fish robe sitting at the front of the hall. That middle-aged man had a square face, his complexion was dark, and his expression was solemn and dignified.
The two inspectors brought Luo Zheng to the front and back of the hall. The middle-aged man heavily slammed a square piece of wood in his hand, making a crisp sound. Then he shouted sternly, "Kneel first!"
"Kneel?" The corners of Luo Zheng's mouth curved upwards, "I kneel to the heavens, to the earth, and to my parents, but I never kneel to anything else!"
"You!" The middle-aged man's face turned cold, "People who don't know the rules often die miserably!"
"Rules? Kneeling in the Disciplinary Hall, who set the rule? Is it the Blue Cloud Sect's Sect Master? Or is it you? "Luo Zheng asked in return.
Back then, for the sake of understanding Purgatory Mountain, Luo Zheng even learned a bit about this Disciplinary Hall together with Xunming Mountain.
It was rumored that Xunming Mountain didn't have such great authority in the beginning. Only, as the Blue Cloud Sect developed, it slowly developed to this point. For the sake of better interrogating those disciples, this Disciplinary Hall copied the methods of Burning Sky Emperor Dynasty's yamen.
However, the Blue Cloud Sect's rules actually didn't have these types of rules.
As a disciple of the Blue Cloud Sect, Luo Zheng naturally only followed the rules of the Blue Cloud Sect. As for the rules of this Disciplinary Hall, what kind of things were they?
This middle-aged man was precisely the Disciplinary Hall's vice hall master, his name Qin Mu. During these years, even if there weren't a thousand, there were still eight hundred disciples who had been interrogated by him. However, he had never seen a thorn that dared speak to him like this.
He was just about to get angry, about to let this brat have a taste of his own medicine. However, when he thought of the matter the other party gave him, his expression changed slightly, immediately saying, "It's fine if you don't kneel. Do you know why I summoned you today?"
"I don't!" Luo Zheng shook his head.
He indeed didn't know what kind of sect rule he violated to be summoned here.
Ever since he participated in the Monster Slaying Trial, Luo Zheng never returned to the Blue Cloud Sect again. Meanwhile, this time, he didn't even go up to Xiao Yufeng, he was directly brought over by those two inspectors. Luo Zheng racked his brains, but he still couldn't figure out what kind of crime he committed.
Qin Mu chuckled. "You really don't know?"
"If I don't know, then I don't know. Why would I go to the trouble of deceiving you?!" Luo Zheng said with an indifferent expression. He didn't fear crooked shadows, so he naturally didn't feel the slightest bit of guilt.
"Hmph, if you don't know, then I'll tell you!" Qin Mu suddenly pointed at Luo Zheng and said, "A few days ago, you participated in the Monster Slaying Trial, but you colluded with the Demon Clan, vainly attempting to kill our Blue Cloud Sect's disciple, Zhuge Ye! This kind of colluding with the Demon Clan to murder your fellow sect member is a serious crime. Even a thousand cuts wouldn't be enough! "
Hearing the three words Zhuge Ye, Luo Zheng suddenly understood.
Sigh, Luo Zheng couldn't help but sigh in his heart. These people really didn't have any scruples. Even if they wanted to take his life, they could have just casually made up a crime, which would be much better than this. However, they just had to accuse him of colluding with the Demon Clan …
The Burning Sky Dynasty and the Demon Clan had fought against each other for thousands of years. Colluding with the Demon Clan was a very big taboo for humans. This was a serious crime that could lead to the extermination of an entire clan!
However, Luo Zheng's face didn't show the slightest hint of panic. The guy in front of him obviously didn't know anything, but he still made up such a strange crime to punish him. Obviously, he was instructed by someone else. Luo Zheng guessed that the most likely culprit was someone from the Family Zhuge. It was very likely that it was Zhuge Feng who was called the Crazy Three.
Thinking of this, Luo Zheng smiled slightly, "You said that I colluded with the Demon Clan. I want to know, how do you want to deal with me?"
Qin Mu said coldly, "This kind of serious crime is a disaster that can lead to the extermination of an entire clan. However, I've already investigated and found that no one from the Luo Clan was involved. You can just obediently accept your punishment!"
Luo Zheng suddenly took two steps forward, stared at Qin Mu, and said with a smile, "My life is right here. Whoever wants to take it away will have to rely on their ability. If you have the ability, then come and take it. Don't use these rules and regulations to find excuses, because you're not qualified!"
A small Disciplinary Hall wanted to convict Luo Zheng with just a few words? Too naive!
Therefore, Luo Zheng simply made their purpose clear. If they wanted to fight, then let's fight. It was too boring to beat around the bush and pin a crime on him! Luo Zheng also didn't have time to dawdle with them.
Qin Mu's face became very ugly. He sneered a few times, and suddenly said to Luo Zheng, "In that case, come! Give me the Heaven's Ultimate Rod, I want to beat you to death! "
As soon as Qin Mu's voice fell, four people walked out from the Disciplinary Hall. They held four dazzling long rods in their hands. This Heaven's Ultimate Rod was made from a type of strange wood, as hard as metal. More importantly, this type of strange wood could easily penetrate true essence.
Even if one used true essence to protect the body, this Heaven's Ultimate Rod could still easily penetrate true essence and strike the flesh. Even if it was a Xiantian expert, they would still be beaten to death!
In fact, right now, Qin Mu also felt a bit guilty. His Disciplinary Hall didn't have the qualifications to take someone's life. According to the Blue Cloud Sect's rules, unless a disciple committed a great crime of betraying the sect, they could be directly executed. However, this still had to be approved by the higher ups of the Blue Cloud Sect. Other crimes were normally banished to Purgatory Mountain.
However, since he was entrusted by someone, his goal was precisely to take Luo Zheng's life!
If the Disciplinary Hall wanted to take someone's life, they also had a flexible method. They couldn't kill you, but they could beat you to death. This was also a flexible method.
If Luo Zheng resisted, then the Disciplinary Hall could even kill him. If he didn't resist, then he would really be beaten to death by rod after rod!
At this moment, Luo Zheng had already made preparations for battle. No matter who it was, if they wanted to take his life, they would have to pay a terrible price. Even if it was a colossus like the Blue Cloud Sect, it was no exception!
However, when he saw the four people from the Disciplinary Hall come in with rods in their hands, he immediately became happy.
He, Luo Zheng, wasn't afraid of being beaten the least …
Now that he had broken through to the Xiantian realm, he was worried that no one would beat him!
Since this was the case, Luo Zheng also temporarily gave up on resisting. He would take this rod first and think about other things later.
＝＝＝＝＝

Chapter 155
Luo Zheng stood in his original place and didn't even operate his Life Genuine Yuan.
The four executioners, holding Tian Jue Cudgel, stood in four different positions and suddenly swung it towards Luo Zheng.
The strength of these four executioners was at the Xiantian fifth stage, so their strength was not small. What's more, the Tian Jue Cudgel was extremely heavy.
"Puff! Puff! Puff! Puff! "
The Tian Jue Cudgel hit Luo Zheng's body, making a dull sound.
"This Admonition Hall really has some methods. If I were an ordinary Xiantian life form, I'm afraid I would be beaten to death after several hundred hits." Luo Zheng stood in his original place, as motionless as a mountain. He thought to himself, "Unfortunately, my body is a middle-grade spiritual weapon. The strength of these cudgel attacks is moderate and can't hurt me at all."
On the contrary, under the continuous beating of the cudgel, a warm current was generated from Luo Zheng's body and unceasingly infiltrated Luo Zheng's dantian.
The four Xiantian life forms were beating him so hard. This kind of opportunity was very rare!
"Puff! Puff! Puff! "
The four Xiantian life forms hit Luo Zheng more than a hundred times in one breath.
Luo Zheng remained unmoved. He stood in the same spot and looked at Qin Mu with an indifferent expression.
Qin Mu was somewhat puzzled. This Tian Jue Cudgel was a sharp weapon to deal with Xiantian life forms. In the past, countless Xiantian life forms had been beaten half to death by this Tian Jue Cudgel. Why did this guy take so many hits and look as if nothing had happened?
"Hit him harder!" Qin Mu shouted.
These four executioners were masters of Xiantian fifth stage, and the strength in their bodies was endless and their strength was extremely heavy. After Qin Mu spoke, the strength in their hands suddenly increased by 30%, and after a while, fine beads of sweat appeared on the foreheads of these four executioners. It could be imagined how much effort they had put into the execution.
"Puff puff puff …"
When these sticks hit Luo Zheng's body, Luo Zheng felt incomparably comfortable. His heart was blooming with joy. Ah, the warm current soaked into his Dantian. This feeling was too comfortable, too cool.
If he were to be hit by the rod all day long, allowing the warm current to cleanse his Dantian, it wouldn't take long for him to advance from the first layer of the Xiantian Realm to the second layer of the Xiantian Realm …
Unfortunately, such a good thing didn't happen often. He still had to seize the opportunity.
If they found out that something was wrong, he would lose the chance to be beaten. Thinking of this, Luo Zheng's face suddenly changed, and he started to scream.
"Ah … Wah …" Luo Zheng gritted his teeth and screamed again and again, as if he couldn't support himself anymore.
Seeing this, Qin Mu's face lit up with excitement. This kid finally couldn't take it anymore. He shouted again and again, "Beat him! Beat him hard!"
If Luo Zheng was beaten to death here, Qin Mu would be in some trouble. After all, the Admonition Hall didn't have the right to execute a disciple.
But this was not a big problem for Qin Mu. Anyway, someone would help him block it.
"Ah, ah …"
The Tian Jue Stick hit Luo Zheng again and again, and Luo Zheng's screams echoed in the Admonition Hall.
After one or two thousand hits, the executioners, who had used all their strength, were exhausted. At the same time, they also found that something was wrong.
After being beaten for so long, Luo Zheng's legs were still firmly standing in the same place. Although the expression on his face was painful, his complexion was still very good. How did this look like he was being beaten? On the contrary, he looked like he was enjoying it. What was going on?
Qin Mu also found that something was wrong. This kid's screams had basically never changed. They were always "Ah, Wah, Ya". Even the intonation was exactly the same. Wasn't this too fake? Was this kid not afraid of being beaten?
How could this be?
Qin Mu would believe it if this Tian Jue Stick didn't have any effect on God State warriors. But previously, countless Xiantian creatures had been beaten black and blue by this Tian Jue Stick and knelt down to beg for mercy.
Why didn't it have any effect when it came to Luo Zheng?
Impossible!
"Beat him hard for me! I can't do it. Are you really not afraid of being beaten? "
The four executioners worked harder, and the strength of the stick increased by a few degrees.
With such great strength, if it hit a stone, it would be smashed into powder. If it hit a metal, it would be smashed into a dent. But it just couldn't leave a single mark on Luo Zheng's body!
Even Xiantian lifeforms didn't have limitless strength. After using all their strength to beat them up, the four executioners finally lost their strength and became powerless.
After squeezing out all the strength of the four executioners, Luo Zheng removed his disguise and said with a grin, "Beat me, continue beating me. I haven't had enough fun yet!"
Seeing Luo Zheng's expression, Qin Mu sucked in a breath of cold air. Only then did he realize that he had probably encountered a monster.
The four executioners were also dumbfounded at this moment. Holding the Tian Jue Stick, they were in a dilemma.
If they continued to beat him, this kid was not afraid of being beaten at all. It turned out that they were wasting their strength. If they stopped, Qin Mu didn't order them to stop …
Therefore, they waved the Tian Jue Stick even more powerlessly.
"Since you don't have enough strength, I think you'd better stop!" Luo Zheng sighed and shook his head. The strength of his whole body suddenly surged, and his body suddenly trembled.
When the Tian Jue Stick hit Luo Zheng's body, it was immediately shaken off by this huge force. It broke into several pieces and fell to the ground.
Then Luo Zheng gently pulled with his hands, and the thorny ring formed by Zhen Yuan that bound his hands was easily broken.
"My time is very precious. I didn't come back to the Blue Cloud Sect to talk nonsense with you here. I know who instigated you to do this, but I advise you not to interfere. Otherwise, it'll be too late for regrets!" Luo Zheng pointed at Qin Mu in the hall and said sternly. After saying this, he turned around and left!
The purpose of Luo Zheng joining the Blue Cloud Sect was not to participate in this farce.
"How, how dare you! How dare you resist in public? How dare you rebel! " Seeing Luo Zheng leave like this, Qin Mu was immediately overjoyed. Just now, he really didn't know what to do with Luo Zheng. He really didn't have a good reason to attack Luo Zheng.
Even if Luo Zheng colluded with the Demon Clan and wanted to frame him with this crime and execute him, this right was not in Qin Mu's hands. Therefore, he fabricated this crime in the hope of beating this brat to death. However, this brat's body was made of some unknown material, so he wasn't afraid of being beaten at all.
If Luo Zheng obediently listened to him, Qin Mu really had no way to deal with him.
However, Luo Zheng openly resisted and didn't put the Admonition Hall in his eyes at all. This gave Qin Mu enough reason!
"You dare to resist the Admonition Hall and even want to escape on the spot. According to the rules, I'll kill you on the spot!" Qin Mu said loudly. A judge's pen appeared in his hand, and he was about to rush towards Luo Zheng's back.
At the same time, a figure suddenly flashed through the door and said with a smile, "Oh, I accidentally passed by here. Hall Master Qin, why are you shouting here?"
This person was Zhuge Feng!
Zhuge Feng hated Luo Zheng to the core.
Not only Zhuge Feng, but Luo Zheng also beat Zhuge Ye half to death in the Demon Slaying Trial. He also killed Zhuge Qingyun, an important chess piece that the Zhuge Family had set up in the Imperial Army!
This matter made the entire Zhuge Family very angry. The elders in the family had already said that if they saw Luo Zheng, no matter what method they used, they would take his life first.
Therefore, Zhuge Feng thought of this method. He asked Qin Mu to send people to guard Xiao Yufeng. When Luo Zheng appeared, they would bring him to Xunming Mountain and frame him with a crime regardless of the consequences.
No matter if he confessed or not, they would first find an opportunity to beat him to death.
If Luo Zheng didn't resist, they would beat him to death. If he resisted, it would be even better. Although killing was forbidden in the Blue Cloud Sect.
However, if Luo Zheng disobeyed the Admonition Hall's order, they could kill him on the spot in the Blue Cloud Sect!
This was a dead-end that was specially set up for Luo Zheng.
Now that Luo Zheng was openly rebelling, Zhuge Feng naturally "coincidentally" passed by this place. Naturally, this was his purpose.
For the Family Zhuge, it was too easy to kill an outer disciple of the Blue Cloud Sect.
"Young Master Zhuge Feng! This guy didn't listen to the Admonition Hall's order. He openly resisted and even wanted to escape. I hope you can help me! "Qin Mu said very cooperatively.
After Luo Zheng saw Zhuge Feng, he turned his head to Qin Mu and sneered, "It's just a show. Do you need to be so serious?"
Zhuge Feng laughed, "Whether you're serious or not, you're going to die today! I'll let you watch a show. Just treat it as the last bit of enjoyment in your life! "
After saying this, Zhuge Feng's Qi suddenly increased. In Zhuge Feng's opinion, Luo Zheng was doomed today. Even the Heavens couldn't save him.
Facing a pincer attack, Luo Zheng's face didn't show the slightest hint of panic.
Zhuge Feng wasn't a Divine Reflection Realm warrior. Looking at Zhuge Feng's Qi, it seemed that his strength had increased during this time. However, he was only at Xiantian Stage Nine and hadn't reached Xiantian Full Circle.
Qin Mu's strength was about the same as Zhuge Feng's.
As long as his opponent wasn't a Divine Reflection Realm warrior, Luo Zheng's current strength was enough to deal with him!
Waves of black True Essence gushed out from the acupuncture points on Luo Zheng's arms.
"Zhuge Feng, last time I said that my life is in my hands. If you want to take it, go ahead and try … Unfortunately, you've missed your chance!" The Heavenly Demon's True Essence pulsed in Luo Zheng's hands. The fine purple-black True Essence emitted a dangerous Qi, as if it could devour a person's life at any time. "With your current strength, you're no longer qualified to take my life. On the contrary, as long as I feel like it, I can take your life at any time!"
If it had been at the auction house, Luo Zheng wouldn't have been able to say this to Zhuge Feng. At that time, Luo Zheng was indeed no match for Zhuge Feng.
But now, Luo Zheng had broken through the Half-step Xiantian realm and become a Xiantian lifeform!
From True Qi to True Essence, it was a qualitative transformation!
Not to mention, he had also visualized the Sun, Moon, and Stars Diagram and taken away the fortune of the stars. The power of his Heavenly Demon's True Essence had increased by leaps and bounds.
Zhuge Feng's face darkened. Indeed, he felt that Luo Zheng's entire body had undergone a transformation. However, Zhuge Feng was able to make a name for himself in the Blue Cloud Sect. His own strength was also not bad, not to mention that his strength had increased recently. "Haha, arrogant boy, you've only broken through to Xiantian Stage One, yet you're already so arrogant. I really don't know if you'll have the chance to break through to Divine Reflection Realm in the future. Will you destroy my Family Zhuge? But I don't think you'll have that chance, because you won't live past today! "

Chapter 156
"How dare you!" Zhuge Feng was infuriated by Luo Zheng's arrogant words.
At this moment, the sound of something piercing through the air could be heard.
"Whoosh!"
A thin and thin willow leaf dart flew towards Luo Zheng from the side of the door.
Luo Zheng's expression didn't change at all. He stretched out his finger and lightly pushed the willow leaf dart away.
Then, an enchanting and graceful figure walked in from the door. "Brother Feng, kill him!"
That woman was Zhuo Fei, whom he met at the auction that day. He didn't expect her to have such a fiery temper despite her delicate appearance. Before Zhuge Feng could make his move, she had already made her move.
Since his woman had made the first move, Zhuge Feng naturally followed suit. An orange light flashed in Zhuge Feng's hand, and a giant sword condensed in his hand.
It was the Family Zhuge's most powerful Heaven Level Ultimate Skill, "Seven Mysterious Demonic Sword". After the giant sword condensed in Zhuge Feng's hand, Zhuge Feng casually tossed it out. The orange-red giant sword naturally floated in the air and faced Luo Zheng.
The strange thing was that there seemed to be an invisible shadow holding the giant sword.
There was more than one giant sword.
After Zhuge Feng summoned a giant sword, the orange light in his hand continued to flash, and more giant swords appeared one after another.
Finally, seven giant swords appeared beside Zhuge Feng. Behind each of these giant swords, there was an invisible shadow holding the giant sword.
"Go!"
The seven invisible swordsmen raised their giant swords and rushed towards Luo Zheng under Zhuge Feng's command.
Some of the swords stabbed horizontally, while others chopped vertically. The seven invisible swordsmen worked together to seal off all directions of Luo Zheng.
At the same time, Concubine Zhuo's figure flickered as she flicked her jade-like hands. Willow leaf darts flickered with the light of death as they flew towards Luo Zheng.
Behind Luo Zheng, Qin Mu naturally didn't dare to fall behind. He had received a huge benefit from the Family Zhuge, so at this moment, he also put in some effort. The Magistrate Brush in his hand flew high up in the air. Using his Zhen Yuan as the brush and ink, he wrote a huge character in the air.
"Seal!"
As soon as the word 'seal' appeared, it immediately disappeared into thin air. In a flash, it arrived in front of Luo Zheng. Unexpectedly, it arrived before Zhuge Feng's seven giant swords and Zhuo Fei's willow leaf darts.
When the word "seal" arrived in front of Luo Zheng, the Heavenly Devil Vital Essence in Luo Zheng's hand suddenly disappeared.
"Heh heh, my 'seal' formula can seal your Vital Essence. Let's see what you're going to use to resist!" Qin Mu proudly laughed.
Luo Zheng's expression didn't change in the slightest. Since this' seal 'formula could seal Vital Essence, it was a kind of boundary. Then, the' blood jade crystal 'in his arm wouldn't be useless either!
"Humph, insignificant skill. Break for me!" Luo Zheng swung his left fist and smashed it towards the huge 'seal' character.
"It's useless. Trying to break my seal with brute force is simply wishful thinking!" Qin Mu shook his head, his face full of disapproval.
However, as soon as Luo Zheng's fist touched that huge 'seal' character, a blood-colored energy gushed out. That blood-colored energy stained that 'seal' character, immediately leaving red spiderweb-like cracks on its surface.
Then, Luo Zheng's fist smashed on top of it.
"Crackle …"
That 'seal' character was instantly smashed into pieces by Luo Zheng and disappeared completely.
Luo Zheng looked at Qin Tian as if he was looking at an idiot. Then, he skillfully turned over and dodged Zhuo Fei's Willow Leaf Darts.
These Willow Leaf Darts didn't pose much of a threat to Luo Zheng. Zhuo Fei's strength wasn't considered strong. Even if she was hit by the Willow Leaf Darts, it would only cause a little trouble for Luo Zheng.
The real threat came from the seven huge swords summoned by Zhuge Feng. These huge swords were quite powerful.
To be able to be rated as a Heaven Rank Technique, it naturally had its own uniqueness.
Those seven huge swords were controlled by seven invisible shadows. Facing seven swordsmen that didn't exist, anyone would have a headache.
Although they could dodge those huge swords, there was nothing behind the huge swords. How could they destroy those huge swords?
This problem might be quite troublesome for others, but for Luo Zheng, he already had a way to solve it.
"Whoosh whoosh!"
A huge sword chopped down towards Luo Zheng.
Luo Zheng didn't dodge. He stretched out his hand and actually caught the sword with his bare hands. He used the simplest and most practical move, "Bare Hands Against White Blade"!
"Pa!"
Luo Zheng's hands firmly caught the huge sword!
Zhuge Feng narrowed his eyes and pointed, "You can catch one of my swords. Not bad, not bad. It's a pity that you only have one pair of hands. How are you going to catch the other six swords?"
Under Zhuge Feng's command, the other six huge swords chopped towards Luo Zheng from different directions.
"If I can't catch them, then I won't!" Luo Zheng suddenly smiled. The Sky Demon Zhenyuan in his hand surged out and entered the huge sword in his hand.
After a while, the huge sword slowly changed color from orange to purplish black.
When Luo Zheng released his hand, the huge sword was already in Luo Zheng's hands.
Luo Zheng drew a circle with his finger. The huge sword also followed suit and moved horizontally in front of Luo Zheng.
"Clang clang clang clang!"
Zhuge Feng's other six huge swords chopped down on the purplish black huge sword. The fierce attacks were all blocked by the purplish black huge sword.
Seeing this scene, Zhuge Feng's face suddenly changed. He didn't expect Luo Zheng to be able to take away his huge sword!
What kind of strange technique was Luo Zheng practicing?
Zhuge Feng didn't have time to think. At this moment, he only wanted to kill Luo Zheng. Although he lost a huge sword, he still had six huge swords.
Therefore, Zhuge Feng waved his hand again. The six huge swords were lifted up by the invisible swordsmen again. They were ready to attack Luo Zheng again!
However, at this moment, purplish black spots suddenly appeared on the surface of the six huge swords. These spots kept expanding and soon covered the entire sword.
"What's going on!"
Zhuge Feng's eyes widened. The scene in front of him was so unbelievable. Almost at the same time, he felt that he had lost contact with the remaining six huge swords.
He watched helplessly as the six huge swords all turned purplish black …
Luo Zheng looked at Zhuge Feng indifferently. "I said before that you are no longer qualified to take my life. With your current strength, you should run away when you see me. Unfortunately … you are not that smart!"
After the Sky Demon Zhenyuan was converted into Sky Demon Zhenyuan, the devouring power contained in it became purer and more terrifying. The devouring speed also increased greatly.
When Luo Zheng used the first huge sword to block the slashes of the other six huge swords, the blade of the first huge sword clashed with the blades of the other six huge swords.
At this moment, the Sky Demon Zhenyuan in the first huge sword flowed through the gap in the blade and into the other six huge swords of Zhuge Feng.
Although only a trace of the Sky Demon Zhenyuan entered each of the six huge swords, it was already enough.
The Sky Demon Zhenyuan would continuously devour Zhuge Feng's Zhenyuan and the amount would increase exponentially. Therefore, the control of the six huge swords was quickly handed over to Luo Zheng.
Luo Zheng waved his hands and the seven huge swords revolved around him non-stop. Then, all the huge swords rushed towards Luo Zheng's head.
At this moment, Zhuo Fei had not given up on attacking Luo Zheng. She waved her hand and threw out ten willow leaf darts. However, Luo Zheng only looked at the fiery and flirtatious woman indifferently. He smiled coldly and waved a huge sword in front of Luo Zheng, easily knocking down the willow leaf darts.
Then, the huge sword returned to the formation.
Luo Zheng continued waving his hands. The seven huge swords pointed upwards and spun faster and faster. They also got closer and closer to each other. Finally, they stuck together and formed a huge sword.
"Ah, this is … the Sky Sword! How could you possibly understand our Family Zhuge's' Seven Profound Demonic Sword '! "Zhuge Feng's face was full of disbelief.
It turned out that the last move of the Heaven Class' Seven Profound Demonic Sword 'was the combination of seven swords. It was called the "Sky Sword" and was the most powerful killing move of the' Seven Profound Demonic Sword '. This killing move was extremely difficult to cultivate and could only be completed after reaching the Divine Reflection Realm.
Therefore, Zhuge Feng himself could not use it. Only some of the Divine Reflection Realm elders in his Family Zhuge could use it.
However, after Luo Zheng took away his seven huge swords, he actually combined them into one and used the true Sky Sword!
No wonder Zhuge Feng was so shocked.
Of course, Luo Zheng didn't understand the 'Seven Profound Demonic Sword' cultivation method. As for the 'Heavenly Sword', it was just a formality. Luo Zheng had only used the characteristics of the Heavenly Demon True Essence to fuse the seven swords together.
The real 'Sky Sword' contained a trace of the Heavenly Dao's true meaning! How could Luo Zheng comprehend it now?
However, although the huge sword above Luo Zheng's head did not contain the Heavenly Dao's true meaning, its power and size gave people a strong sense of oppression.
It was this oppressive feeling that scared Zhuge Feng. He stubbornly believed that Luo Zheng understood the 'Sky Sword'.
Zhuge Feng knew the power of the 'Sky Sword' the best. He had seen with his own eyes the 'Heavenly Dao' brought about a strong sense of oppression when his elders used the 'Sky Sword'.
The scared Zhuge Feng did not have the ability to distinguish the power of the huge sword. He did not know if it was the 'Heavenly Dao'. Facing the huge sword, he ran away.
"You want to run? It's too late! " Luo Zheng waved his hand and the huge sword that was one zhang long and several meters wide slashed towards Zhuge Feng.
"Ah, you can't do that. If you kill him, I won't hesitate to die!" Qin Mu did not expect that Luo Zheng would really dare to kill Zhuge Feng. Did this brat really not have any scruples? Who could protect him after killing Zhuge Feng in the Blue Cloud Sect?
"Brother Feng, don't run. Fight him!" Zhuo Fei's eyes also burst out with a blood-red color. She must have activated some kind of secret technique. Her snow-white skin also turned scarlet. Her entire body was bathed in a strange demonic aura. The willow leaf darts in her hand were also stained with a bloody aura.
"Hmph!"
Luo Zheng snorted coldly. His huge sword blocked the willow leaf darts with a slight wave. At the same time, it devoured all the bloody aura from the willow leaf darts.
The huge sword swept across. The huge sword was like a door, slapping Zhuo Fei's enchanting body that many men yearned for day and night.
"Boom!"

Chapter 157
Behind Luo Zheng, Qin Mu also used his Magistrate Pen to write rapidly in the air. A large "Kill" character appeared in an instant, and then he rushed towards Luo Zheng.
Qin Mu was also anxious at this moment. If Zhuge Feng was really killed by Luo Zheng, his responsibility would not be small. If the Family Zhuge was really angered, then he, Qin Mu, would inevitably be implicated!
Facing the "Kill" character formed by condensed Zhen Yuan, Luo Zheng did not even turn his head. He used his left elbow to hit the "Kill" character heavily.
"Bang …"
The "Kill" character was instantly smashed into pieces by Luo Zheng's elbow.
"Zhuge Feng, to think that you have the nickname of a madman. How dare you abandon your own woman?" Luo Zheng continued to chase with his sword.
Zhuge Feng usually gave people the impression that he was a madman, but that was also a manifestation of his strength.
Only the strong had the right to be crazy, and only the strong had the right to be arrogant!
However, at this moment, Zhuge Feng discovered that he was incomparably weak in front of Luo Zheng. He was no match for Luo Zheng!
It shouldn't be, it shouldn't be. He was just a guy who had just entered the Xiantian realm. How could he be so strong? Zhuge Feng had long been scared out of his wits. He ran as fast as he could, wholeheartedly trying to get rid of Luo Zheng. He simply did not dare to turn around and fight.
However, Luo Zheng continued to chase after Zhuge Feng. He did not have the slightest intention of letting him go.
"Zhuge Feng, it's useless to run away. I want to know what you're going to use to take my life!" Luo Zheng controlled his huge sword and chased after Zhuge Feng from behind.
The two rushed out of the Admonition Hall one after the other, and ran madly on Xunming Mountain.
"Luo Zheng, if you dare to kill me, you will become the enemy of my Family Zhuge. You are just a nobody, how can you fight against my family?" In order to escape, Zhuge Feng could only bring up his family.
"Even Zhuge Qingyun was killed by me. I don't mind killing Zhuge Feng as well!" Luo Zheng replied.
"That's different. Zhuge Qingyun is different from me. I am the hope of my clan, and no one can kill me!" Zhuge Feng even sounded like he was about to cry. If it wasn't for the fact that he still had the dignity of the aristocratic family in his mind, he would have knelt down and begged for mercy.
"Really? Just because you said no, I can't? Let me see if I can kill you or not! "Luo Zheng waved his hand and raised his huge sword. He slashed at Zhuge Feng from behind.
"No!"
At this moment, a voice suddenly came from the sky. The voice was like thunder, shaking Luo Zheng and the others' eardrums.
When Luo Zheng heard the voice, his face instantly turned gloomy.
On the other hand, Zhuge Feng was delighted. He recognized the voice and quickly shouted, "Zhenren Tianqiong, come and save me!"
"You don't have the chance. No Perfected Person can save you now!" The huge sword drew a huge arc in the sky and slashed at Zhuge Feng's head.
"Brat, if you kill Zhuge Feng, no one in the Blue Cloud Sect will be able to protect you. You will pay a hundredfold for this!" Zhenren Tianqiong rapidly approached Zhuge Feng in the sky. However, he was still a distance away from Zhuge Feng. It was already too late for him to save Zhuge Feng. He could only threaten Luo Zheng and hope that Luo Zheng would stop.
Luo Zheng's huge sword only slowed down a little. He then said indifferently, "In this world, there are too many people who like to threaten me. Therefore, I hate it when people threaten me. Therefore, Zhuge Feng must die!"
"You!" Zhenren Tianqiong's face was filled with anger. It was obvious that he was angered by Luo Zheng's arrogant words. "Arrogant brat, you will pay the price!"
"No matter what the price is, Zhuge Feng must die!" After Luo Zheng finished speaking, the huge sword no longer hesitated and slashed down.
"Puchi!"
Zhuge Feng's body was instantly split into two by the huge sword. Blood flowed all over the ground. Now, even if an immortal came, it would be impossible to save him.
If Zhenren Tianqiong's attitude was better and he didn't threaten Luo Zheng but used other methods to persuade Luo Zheng, Luo Zheng might have held back. However, in the face of Zhenren Tianqiong's threat, it was useless except for increasing Luo Zheng's hatred towards Zhuge Feng.
"You're courting death, brat. How dare you kill people in the Blue Cloud Sect. Die!" Zhenren Tianqiong saw that Luo Zheng didn't listen to his advice and continued to attack Zhuge Feng. He was extremely angry.
In the sky, Zhenren Tianqiong stretched out his palm and slammed it down towards Luo Zheng's head.
Zhenren Tianqiong's hand was bony and looked like a withered branch. When the palm slammed down, it instantly enlarged and turned into a palm shadow that was dozens of feet in size!
This palm shadow was extremely powerful and it enveloped Luo Zheng.
The rocks and flowers around Luo Zheng were all turned into powder under the pressure. The ground around Luo Zheng caved in, forming a sunken palm print.
This pressure almost made Luo Zheng breathless.
The palm shadow had not yet fallen, but it already had such power. If it completely covered him, his body wouldn't be able to withstand it!
In a moment of desperation, he controlled the huge black sword and shot it towards the huge palm shadow!
When the huge black sword collided with the palm shadow, the huge black sword scattered. The huge sword couldn't do anything to the palm shadow.
Even with the devouring property of the Sky Demon's Vital Energy, it couldn't do anything to the palm shadow. A sense of crisis that he had never felt before arose in Luo Zheng's heart.
After the huge black sword dissipated, the palm shadow continued to descend. At this moment, Luo Zheng saw bits of starlight floating above the palm shadow.
"That's the power of the stars from the Sun-Moon-Stars Map!" A thought flashed through Luo Zheng's mind, but he had forgotten about the power of these stars. Although the power of these stars was small individually, the power of annihilation produced when they exploded together was extremely terrifying. Would they be able to destroy that palm?
"Explode!"
With a thought, Luo Zheng controlled the stars to explode. At this moment, he had no other choice. Zhenren Tianqiong was too strong. He was far from being his opponent.
The power of the stars was suddenly released.
"Rumble …"
Every small star was emitting a large amount of annihilation energy!
If it was only a small star, it might not be able to destroy the huge palm shadow. However, when thousands of stars shattered, the annihilation energy emitted immediately destroyed the palm shadow.
In his rage, Zhenren Tianqiong didn't show any mercy. Zhenren Tianqiong's "World Destruction Palm" was his ultimate skill that allowed him to run amok in the world. He originally thought that with this palm, he would be able to smash the arrogant brat into powder.
However, he didn't expect that his palm would be completely destroyed in a burst of explosions!
"Hey, interesting brat. I was careless that I couldn't defeat you today!" Luo Zheng's resistance was undoubtedly adding fuel to the fire. At this moment, Zhenren Tianqiong was even more furious. He waved his bone-like hands again. Two palm shadows appeared from his hands and were about to strike Luo Zheng's head.
Luo Zheng's eyes flashed. He quickly retreated. Although he knew that he couldn't dodge, he would undoubtedly die miserably if he faced these two palms.
At this moment, a red glow flickered in the distance. Then, two green lights drifted over.
One of them stood on the Flying Chariot. Her purple clothes fluttered in the wind, and her black hair danced in the wind. Under that head of beautiful hair was a devastatingly beautiful face. She said loudly, "Zhenren Tianqiong, please show mercy!"
The woman's voice was indifferent and dignified. She was like a saintess in the human world, inviolable and inviolable.
She was Luo Zheng's mentor in Xiao Yufeng, Su Lingyun.
The other person was walking in the air with his hands behind his back. He had a head of white hair and an amiable expression. He was as kind as a grandpa next door. The old man said, "Tianqiong, stop!"
If it was only Su Lingyun, Zhenren Tianqiong might not have given her face.
However, Zhenren Tianqiong had to consider the words of the other old man. If he wanted to kill the brat below, it would be as easy as flipping his hand. He wasn't in a hurry. Thinking of this, Zhenren Tianqiong stopped and cupped his hands toward the amiable old man. However, his tone was still full of anger as he asked, "Yan Long, why do you want me to stop?"
The amiable old man was one of the top ten Spiritual Masters of the Blue Cloud Sect.
Although Zhenren Tianqiong was also one of the top ten Spiritual Masters of the Blue Cloud Sect, Spiritual Master Yan Long was ranked third. Zhenren Tianqiong could only be ranked tenth.
Spiritual Master Yan Long had a faint smile on his face. He slowly floated over. His body was graceful like a living immortal. "Don't kill this brat first. You can't kill this brat!"
Zhenren Tianqiong disagreed. "This brat violated the rules of the Blue Cloud Sect. He killed someone in the Blue Cloud Sect. His crime is punishable by death. Why can't I kill him?"
"Because he's my disciple!" Su Lingyun stepped on the Flying Chariot and flew over. She said coldly, "My disciple committed a crime. Naturally, I should be the one to punish him. Moreover, you didn't understand the ins and outs of the matter. You killed him. How can such a method convince the public?"
Zhenren Tianqiong stared at Su Lingyun and laughed. "You … are that little girl in the palace?"
"So what if you are?" Su Lingyun's voice was even colder. Very few people dared to mention her identity in front of her. It was because everyone was wary of her.
However, Zhenren Tianqiong was not one of them. Obviously, he did not put Su Lingyun in his eyes. "I'm the Spiritual Master of the Blue Cloud Sect! I have the right to kill a disciple. As for whether I find out the truth or not, it has nothing to do with you! "
"Is that so? Do you think that the Blue Cloud Sect is in the clouds and above the Nine Heavens? I think the Blue Cloud Sect should be built on the land of the Burning Sky Dynasty! "Su Lingyun did not want to back down.
Zhenren Tianqiong used the Blue Cloud Sect to pressure Su Lingyun. However, Su Lingyun retorted. No matter how strong the Blue Cloud Sect was, no matter how powerful the Blue Cloud Sect was, they could not separate themselves from the Burning Sky Dynasty. Su Lingyun's surname was Su, and the one in the Burning Sky Dynasty was also surnamed Su.
This dynasty was surnamed Su!
"Hehe, hehe, a little girl who lost her power and favor. Since when can she represent the royal family and the one in the Burning Sky Palace?" Zhenren Tianqiong sneered.
"Tianqiong! Don't talk nonsense! " Spiritual Master Yan Long interrupted Zhenren Tianqiong. Obviously, Zhenren Tianqiong said something he should not have said.
Zhenren Tianqiong did not back down. "What? Yan Long, am I wrong? "
＝＝＝＝＝

Chapter 158
When Su Lingyun heard Zhenren Tianqiong's words, her expression immediately darkened. She seemed to have thought of something extremely sad. For a moment, she was actually speechless. That sorrowful expression on her face was even more heartbreaking.
"Whoosh!"
At this moment, a silver flash shot towards Zhenren Tianqiong from the ground.
Zhenren Tianqiong casually flicked his hand and deflected that flash of light.
Taking advantage of this opportunity, Luo Zheng leapt over ten zhang high from the ground and accurately landed on Su Lingyun's Flying Chariot. Standing in front of Su Lingyun, he loudly cursed at Zhenren Tianqiong, "You old thief! Relying on your age to bully a little girl! Shameless, truly shameless! "
Su Lingyun was a few years older than Luo Zheng, but in any case, she was still Luo Zheng's mentor. In Luo Zheng's mouth, she had become a little girl. These words sounded a bit strange, but Zhenren Tianqiong had lived for more than sixty years. In front of Zhenren Tianqiong, Su Lingyun could only be considered a little girl.
Standing behind Luo Zheng, Su Lingyun could smell the waves of aura coming from Luo Zheng's body. Her heart trembled slightly.
The reason why she, Su Lingyun, came to the Blue Cloud Sect and stayed in Xiao Yufeng as a little mentor was no secret to the upper echelons of the Blue Cloud Sect and the great nobles.
However, this matter was no secret, but it was even more secretive than a secret!
No one had ever pointed it out in front of Su Lingyun.
After coming to Xiao Yufeng, Su Lingyun had hoped that she could forget as much as possible. She even wanted to act as if those things had never happened. She wanted to actively adapt to her new identity and role.
However, today, Zhenren Tianqiong had mercilessly pointed it out. For a moment, Su Lingyun had sunk into grief and was unable to extricate herself.
However, Luo Zheng's sudden appearance at this moment gave her a little bit of comfort.
"What did you say? What did you just say? Do you dare to say it again in front of me? " Zhenren Tianqiong was one of the top ten Perfected Masters of the Blue Cloud Sect. He lived like an immortal and lived like a prince. Who would dare to offend him like this in front of him? However, this brat actually dared to speak rudely to him. The hot-tempered Zhenren Tianqiong was instantly enraged and was about to attack.
"What? Am I right? You've lived for hundreds of years. If you're not an old thing, then what are you? Bullying my teacher? My teacher is only in his twenties. If he's not a little kid, what is he? What's there to be afraid of? " Luo Zheng asked as he spoke. His face was completely serious. After he finished speaking, Luo Zheng turned his head and asked, "Teacher Su, am I right?"
Su Lingyun looked at Luo Zheng's gaze and felt touched. Although this fellow had been causing trouble ever since he had entered the Blue Cloud Sect, he was the first one to stand in front of her at this moment …
He was very good …
Su Lingyun nodded and said coldly to Zhenren Tianqiong, "That's right. What's there to be afraid of? Zhenren Tianqiong. Even if he said it a hundred times, a thousand times, and made it into a song or poem, so what?"
"You! Su Lingyun, do you think that I won't dare to kill someone in front of you because of your status? "Zhenren Tianqiong's expression was cold and his heart was filled with murderous intent.
Su Lingyun smiled slightly. Her eyes were filled with ruthlessness. "You dare, of course you dare. But do you dare to kill me?"
"Of course I don't dare to kill you. You have the body of a phoenix, a priceless body. But what if I kill the brat in front of you?" Zhenren Tianqiong said sternly.
"If you kill him, I won't be able to stop you, but …" Su Lingyun suddenly flipped her hand and a token appeared in her hand. The words "Son of Heaven" were engraved on the token. This was the legendary "Son of Heaven Token" that could command the person in the Burning Sky Palace!
"You recognize this token, right? If you kill him, I will use the Son of Heaven Token. I believe that even if Zhenren Tianqiong runs to the ends of the earth, you won't be able to escape from him! "Su Lingyun frowned. Her eyes contained a trace of ruthlessness. She wanted to fight to the death.
When Zhenren Tianqiong saw that there was no token, his entire aura suddenly stopped.
As a Perfected Person of the Blue Cloud Sect, even if he killed someone in front of the princess who had lost her power, it wouldn't be a big problem!
But …
The princess still had the Son of Heaven Token in her hands!
But the Son of Heaven Token was such a precious item. How could this little girl use it to protect an unimportant outer sect disciple?
"You're willing to waste the Son of Heaven Token for this brat?" Zhenren Tianqiong asked in a muffled voice. His aura had weakened greatly.
Su Lingyun said faintly, "Why don't you try and find out?"
Zhenren Tianqiong was stunned for a moment. Then, he gritted his teeth and said, "You're ruthless. But the Blue Cloud Sect is so big. I don't believe that you can protect him forever! Moreover, even if I don't pursue the matter today, the Blue Cloud Sect will. He killed someone in the sect and violated the sect rules. This is a matter that is set in stone. Even if you're the princess, you won't be able to protect him! "
"If Luo Zheng is in the wrong, of course I won't protect him. I'll punish him according to the Blue Cloud Sect's rules. But Tianqiong, as a Perfected Person, how can you explain wanting to kill Luo Zheng without knowing what's right and wrong?" Su Lingyun was very quick-witted. Now that Zhenren Tianqiong had changed the topic to the sect rules, Su Lingyun naturally had something to say.
Zhenren Tianqiong snorted coldly. He avoided the question and said, "No matter what, this brat must have an explanation for killing someone today!"
"Explanation? Old man, I just returned from the Demon Slaying Trial. Before I could go to Xiao Yufeng, I was brought here for no reason. They framed me for being in cahoots with the Demon Clan and tortured by Qin Mu. They saw that they couldn't kill me, so they colluded with Zhuge Feng to kill me! Did I just stand there and let them kill me? Let them kill me? " Luo Zheng retorted with a stern expression, "Let me ask you, if you were in the same situation, what would you do?"
"That's your own words. They can't be trusted!" After saying that, Zhenren Tianqiong slowly descended from the sky. He said to Qin Mu, who had been in a daze on the side, "Qin Mu, you're the judge of the Hall of Precepts. You have to explain clearly what happened today."
Qin Mu rolled his eyes and a sinister smile appeared on his face. "Great Perfected Tianqiong, don't listen to that brat's nonsense. Our Hall of Precepts received information that the brat was in cahoots with the Demon Clan during the Demon Slaying Trial. As the Hall of Precepts, we naturally have to be responsible for the disciples of the Blue Cloud Sect. If that brat was really possessed by a Demon General and sneaked into our Blue Cloud Sect, what should we do?"
Zhenren Tianqiong nodded. "Qin Mu, you did the right thing. Continue!"
"I didn't think that this brat wouldn't cooperate with our Hall of Precepts' inspection. When he came to our Hall of Precepts, not only did he speak rudely, he even spouted nonsense! Because his words were too abominable, I ordered people to punish him with a cane. I didn't think that he would turn around and run away. He must have had a guilty conscience! Coincidentally, the Third Young Master of the Family Zhuge Family was passing by. I asked him for help, but I didn't think that Luo Zheng would actually kill him! He killed Zhuge Feng … What happened next, Zhenren Tianqiong, you've already seen it. "After Qin Mu finished speaking, a smile appeared on his face. Qin Mu often used slandering and framing others. He was already familiar with these methods. Therefore, these words came out of his mouth easily.
Zhenren Tianqiong raised his head and said to Yan Long Zhenren, "Yan Long, you heard it. This brat clearly ignored the rules of the Blue Cloud Sect and killed someone on the spot. How do you think he should be punished?"
Hearing Qin Mu's words, Luo Zheng said angrily, "Qin Mu, you're spouting nonsense. Do you dare to swear on your words?!"
"If I, Qin Mu, ever speak a single lie, I will be struck by lightning and be struck to death by five bolts of lightning." Qin Mu said with a smile on his face. He had casually made such a vicious oath that went against his heart without the slightest hesitation.
"What do you think?" Zhenren Tianqiong's aura slowly recovered. "This brat deserves to be punished!"
Yan Long Zhenren was in a dilemma. According to what Qin Mu said, the evidence was conclusive. Although he, Yan Long, was a Zhenren of the Blue Cloud Sect, but when establishing a sect, there were many things that couldn't be settled with favors. He still had to act within the rules. Otherwise, the entire Blue Cloud Sect would be in chaos.
If what Qin Mu said was true, then he, Yan Long Zhenren, really didn't have a better way to protect Luo Zheng.
But thinking about Su Lingyun's personality, Yan Long Zhenren also had a headache.
What Yan Long Zhenren didn't expect was that Su Lingyun suddenly said, "Okay, since that's the case, I request for a trial!"
"Open a trial? Hmph, you're talking about it lightly! What qualifications does this brat have for the Blue Cloud Sect to conduct a trial? "Zhenren Tianqiong said coldly.
The so-called trial was to conduct a trial for a serious violation of the sect's rules. However, under normal circumstances, the trial wouldn't be open to an outer sect disciple. Normally, it would only be open to the elite disciples of the Blue Cloud Sect.
Yan Long Zhenren was also in a difficult position, "It's been more than two years since the last trial. Isn't it a little …"
"I insist on a trial," Su Lingyun said stubbornly, "Zhenren Tianqiong, since you think that the evidence is conclusive, don't tell me you don't dare?"
"Don't dare?" Zhenren Tianqiong laughed, "Why wouldn't I dare? This Luo Zheng killed the third young master of the Family Zhuge. I saw it with my own eyes. Why wouldn't I dare?"
"Since that's the case, I'll go and apply for a trial. As for other matters, there's no need for the two of you to worry about it." Su Lingyun said plainly. Within her cold eyes, there was a trace of cunning.
"Okay, then we'll let this guy live for two more days. However, during these two days, you can't take him away. He must be locked up in Xun Ming Mountain!" Zhenren Tianqiong said.
Su Lingyun looked at Luo Zheng, "There's no other way. You have to hold on for two more days. Don't worry, once the trial starts, no one will dare to wrong you!"
Luo Zheng looked at Su Lingyun and laughed, "Instructor Su, I'm not worried about anything. My life is worthless. If anyone wants to take my life, they can come and take it. Let's see if they have the ability to do so!" Luo Zheng deliberately looked at Zhenren Tianqiong provocatively.
Then, Su Lingyun slowly lowered the flying chariot from mid-air. Since they agreed to a trial, Luo Zheng still had to be detained in Xun Ming Mountain.
Before Luo Zheng left Su Lingyun, he suddenly remembered something. He asked in a low voice, "Instructor Su, I want to know, who was the one who tried the trial two years ago?"
Su Lingyun was silent for a while. Then, she spat out two words, "Luo Yan."
Luo Zheng forced a smile and continued to ask, "Who was the one who led the trial? Who was the one who proposed the trial?"
"Can we talk about this later?" Su Lingyun shook her head. She didn't want to answer this question.

Chapter 159
Being stared at by Luo Zheng like this, Su Lingyun felt like she was being roasted by two balls of fire. After a while, she said: "The one who brought the case is the Yun family. The one in charge of the trial is Zhenren Tianqiong, and the other is Daoist Zhi Shui."
"Oh, I see!" Luo Zheng faintly smiled. When he turned his head to look at Zhenren Tianqiong, his eyes were filled with endless killing intent!
Luo Zheng certainly wouldn't let the Yun family go.
But this Zhenren Tianqiong and Daoist Zhi Shui in front of him, Luo Zheng wouldn't let them go either.
Luo Zheng understood Luo Yan's character very well. She wouldn't do something wrong for no reason. Presumably, in this trial, she had been wronged and humiliated!
These people must die!
Luo Zheng secretly swore in his heart as he walked towards Qin Mu.
Qin Mu called out to the people of the Hall of Discipline and took Luo Zheng away.
Just as Luo Zheng left, Zhuo Fei, who had fainted on the ground in front of the Hall of Discipline, woke up.
In the previous battle, Zhuo Fei used the willow leaf darts to continuously attack him. Luo Zheng only used the body of the giant sword to knock her unconscious on the wall.
At this time, Zhuo Fei faintly woke up. Just as she woke up, her heart flickered with a trace of a bad premonition.
"Brother Feng!"
After she got up from the ground, she saw Zhuge Feng, who had been cut in half by Luo Zheng's giant sword.
Seeing this scene, she was heartbroken and cried. At the same time, she turned her head to look at Luo Zheng. Her eyes were filled with endless hatred. "I will definitely kill you!"
Luo Zheng glanced at her indifferently and shook his head. This woman was quite courageous. It seemed that the hatred between them was irreconcilable. So Luo Zheng stopped and smiled: "Let's talk about it when we have the chance."
After saying this, Luo Zheng followed the people of the Hall of Discipline and left.
In the mountain behind the Hall of Precepts, there was a temporary prison for people.
In the Blue Cloud Sect, there were some who called this place 'Little Purgatory Mountain'.
That was because many disciples who had not been tried were directly thrown into the prison and imprisoned for more than half a year.
Following the people of the Admonition Hall to the back of the mountain, Luo Zheng found many circular stone strips on the ground, on which many runes were engraved.
"Big brother, what are these stone strips and runes used for?" Luo Zheng walked behind him and asked while looking at them.
One of the Admonition Hall's people released a cold snort. "The use of these runes is great. Our Admonition Hall's rear mountain isn't that large, it can't compare to Purgatory Mountain. If you fellas fight in the rear mountain, wouldn't the rear mountain be destroyed? Therefore, our Blue Cloud Sect specially set up these runes to seal your True Essence! "
"These runes can confine True Essence?" Luo Zheng was slightly taken aback.
"Hehe, you don't believe me? You can give it a try! "That person said again. It was clear that he had seen quite a few people during these years, and all of them had the same reaction as Luo Zheng.
Luo Zheng nodded. Then, he tried to circulate Sky Devil True Essence, but when he operated his dantian, he felt that there wasn't the slightest bit of activity in his dantian. As for Sky Devil True Essence, there wasn't even a shadow to be seen.
"It really is …" Luo Zheng's brows furrowed. His True Essence was sealed. This was not good news. If someone really wanted to take action against him, he wouldn't even have the ability to resist. Right now, the only thing he could rely on was his own body.
In the rear mountain of the Admonition Hall was a flat drill ground. This was precisely the Admonition Mountain's temporary prison. Those stone strips and runes extended all the way here.
When Luo Zheng entered the drill ground, he found that there were quite a few people in the drill ground.
"Well, I'll tell you, since you've entered here, stay here obediently. This drill ground not only confines your True Essence. Even if you want to escape, there's no way. I advise you not to have any crooked thoughts and play with your life." After that person finished speaking to Luo Zheng, he was about to leave with the other people of the Admonition Hall. But before he left, he suddenly said to the people in the drill ground, "This is your new friend, take good care of him for me!"
The meaning of this sentence was not difficult to understand. It was to let the imprisoned disciples in the drill ground "take good care" of Luo Zheng.
In fact, on the way here, Qin Mu had greeted him and hinted him to do so.
Luo Zheng was not a fool. How could he not understand the meaning of these words?
But Luo Zheng did not want to cause trouble. Since he had entered this prison, he intended to stay here obediently for two days and wait for Su Lingyun's news.
In this drill ground, there were seventy to eighty people scattered around. Looking at their clothes, there were inner disciples and outer disciples.
These people gathered together in groups of three to five. When Luo Zheng entered the drill ground, they were whispering to each other. From time to time, they cast unfriendly glances at Luo Zheng.
After a while, in the center of the drill ground, a disciple in a black robe stood up and walked directly toward Luo Zheng.
The disciple in the black robe was tall, especially his belly, which was round and very fat. This was an out-and-out fatty.
The fatty swaggered in front of Luo Zheng. He raised his eyebrows and looked at Luo Zheng. Then he pointed at Luo Zheng's nose and said, "Boy, the place you are sitting is my territory!"
Luo Zheng looked at the fatty. At the same time, he felt that the people around him were taking pleasure in his misfortune. He stood up and found a corner to sit down.
These two days, Luo Zheng did not want to cause trouble.
But the fatty would not let him go so easily. The fatty took two steps forward and said with a smile, "Sorry, this is also my territory!"
"Where can I stay?" Luo Zheng asked.
"You?" The fatty grinned and said, "Haha, the newcomer can only stay over there!"
After saying that, the fatty pointed to the left side of the drill ground. That side was the toilet provided for the disciples in the drill ground prison. The fatty meant that Luo Zheng could only stay in the toilet.
When the crowd heard the fatty's words, there was a burst of laughter. Gloating expressions were overflowing on their faces.
Luo Zheng did not speak anymore. He even closed his eyes. The fatty was provoking him because someone asked him to do so. This time, he was too lazy to pay attention to the fatty's provocation.
"I am talking to you. Didn't you hear me?" The fatty saw that his words had no effect. His smile disappeared. To be able to dominate here, this fatty was not a kind person. On the contrary, he was extremely ruthless!
Luo Zheng opened his eyes and looked at the fatty indifferently. Then he closed his eyes again.
"You refuse a toast only to be forced to drink a forfeit!" Seeing this, the fatty kicked at Luo Zheng. Just as the fatty kicked at Luo Zheng, Luo Zheng's sitting body suddenly tilted and avoided the fatty's kick.
Everyone was in the drill ground prison. The True Essence in their bodies was prohibited. Since they wanted to fight, they could only rely on their physical strength.
When Luo Zheng closed his eyes, he was not cultivating. Because True Essence could not be circulated here, he could not cultivate.
He was just trying to communicate with the Qinglong sculpture in his mind. He wanted to see if he could still borrow the power of the dragon scale since True Essence was prohibited here.
In the end, Luo Zheng found that the power of the dragon scale was not affected.
Just as the fatty kicked at him, Luo Zheng tilted his body. After dodging, his eyes suddenly opened. He exerted force with his hind legs and his whole body rushed toward the fatty from the ground.
When the fatty saw that Luo Zheng actually chose to counterattack, he sneered. He stretched out his fat hand and waved it at Luo Zheng.
This fatty had cultivated a very special divine ability since he was young. After cultivating this divine ability, his body became fatter and fatter, and this divine ability was like this. The longer he cultivated it, the fatter his body would become, and the stronger the power contained in his body would become.
In fact, the Blue Cloud Sect disciples who were imprisoned here were not weak.
If everyone could use True Essence, the fatty's strength could only be ranked in the top ten.
But because everyone's True Essence was prohibited and the fatty's body was extremely strong, the other powerhouses were basically beaten into submission by him.
In terms of pure strength and close combat, no one was the fatty's opponent.
Many of the Blue Cloud Sect disciples saw that Luo Zheng actually didn't care about his life and hit the fat man. They couldn't help but shake their heads. This kid was slapped by the fat man. It was estimated that he wouldn't be able to get up. Those who had experienced the strength of the fat man's palm basically thought so.
But the moment Luo Zheng rushed toward the fatty, he stretched out his hand and grabbed the fatty's hand. At the same time, the power of the dragon scale continuously poured into his hand.
"Puff!"
The fatty's face changed greatly. He felt that this kid's strength was actually on par with his own!
"How is this possible!"
From childhood to adulthood, few people could defeat the fatty in terms of pure strength.
The guy in front of him was only at the Xiantian first stage. How could he compete with him only by relying on the strength of his body?
However, the reality was right in front of him. After grabbing the fat man's hand, Luo Zheng twisted his hand and jumped behind the fat man with one leg. At the same time, he twisted the fat man's hand behind his back and firmly pinched the fat man's neck with the other hand. At the same time, he said coldly, "Don't bother me, or I'll break your neck!"
At the same time, Luo Zheng's hand exerted force and pinched the fatty's flabby neck.
The fatty was obviously not someone easy to deal with. When Luo Zheng exerted his strength, the fatty suddenly shook his neck. Relying on the slippery fat on his neck, he actually got rid of Luo Zheng's grip.
At the same time, the fatty turned around and used his backhand to once again hold Luo Zheng in his hand. Then, he raised his arm and swung Luo Zheng up!
Luo Zheng was swung in the air by the fatty's hand. He was constantly rotating. As the speed got faster and faster, the fatty suddenly threw Luo Zheng heavily and smashed him against a wall at the edge of the prison.
"Rumble …"
The wall was knocked down by Luo Zheng, and the rubble immediately buried Luo Zheng.
The fatty spat on the ground, "You're still too inexperienced to compete with me in terms of physical strength."
The pile of rubble shook for a while. Then, Luo Zheng stood up from the rubble with a smile on his face. At the same time, he said loudly, "At first, I didn't want to cause trouble, so I decided to stay here for two days. But now, I changed my mind. Since it's quite boring here, it's not a bad choice to fight for some exercise!"
After saying that, Luo Zheng kicked the rubble around him and walked towards the fatty.
In the fatty's eyes, there was finally a cautious expression.
The fatty was very clear about how strong he was. After being hit so hard by him, this guy was still able to stand up as if nothing had happened. This showed that the guy in front of him was far from being as simple as he looked.
But this didn't mean that the fatty was afraid of Luo Zheng. He was very confident in his physical strength.

Chapter 160
Most of them had been beaten up by the fatty before, but it was impossible for them to be convinced. After all, most of them were good at using True Essence to fight. If it weren't for the fact that their True Essence was restricted, a considerable number of them wouldn't be any worse than the fatty.
The brat who had just been brought in seemed to be similarly gifted. He wasn't injured even after being smashed by the fatty. No matter how one looked at it, this brat wasn't inferior to the fatty.
"Hmph, after being thrown by me, the smartest thing you can do is to lie on the ground and pretend to be dead! Since you still want to get up, then I'll let you taste even more pain! "After the fatty finished speaking, he sped up and rushed towards Luo Zheng.
Luo Zheng, who had dragon scales and a Spirit Artifact Body, was most likely not afraid of hand-to-hand combat.
He saw the fatty ramming towards him like a savage beast.
Luo Zheng actually used the same footsteps and the same posture to crash towards the fatty.
In this kind of fierce collision, the bigger side would always have the advantage.
However, the moment before the collision, Luo Zheng drew out the power of more than a hundred dragon scales from his body and concentrated it on his shoulder!
The two of them collided fiercely.
"Under such a collision, that brat's bones will probably be crushed by the fatty!"
"This brat relied on his strong body to actually choose to collide with the fatty. He's simply courting death!"
The disciples of the Blue Cloud Sect discussed one after another.
"Bang!" The two of them collided head-on with their physical bodies, producing a muffled sound.
The fatty felt as if he had crashed into a tall mountain!
The power that surged from Luo Zheng's body was like the tide of the sea, endless and endless.
The situation of this head-on collision greatly exceeded everyone's expectations.
Luo Zheng's seemingly small body stood motionless in the same place, while the fatty's huge body was sent flying!
Because the fatty's stomach was relatively far away, after flying out, he rolled on the ground like a rubber ball and only stopped after rolling for a long time.
Luo Zheng narrowed his eyes and slowly walked over. After squatting down, he asked, "Do you want more?"
The fat man felt a few of his bones break, and his face went pale from the pain. Only now did he understand that the strength of the kid before him couldn't be underestimated. Whether it was in terms of strength or physical strength, the kid before him was far stronger than him!
In the prison of the drill ground, everyone was silent.
This was the rule here. The winner was king.
The fatty was the strongest here, but Luo Zheng had defeated him, so the others wouldn't have any ideas about Luo Zheng.
Even if he had any ideas, he would only be humiliating himself.
Luo Zheng no longer looked at the fat man. He turned back to the corner and sat down again.
Since he couldn't cultivate here, he could at least close his eyes and rest.
Time passed quickly. The sun rose and set. Two days later, the Admonition Hall sent two people to take Luo Zheng away.
Before Luo Zheng entered the Admonition Hall, he sensed that there were many powerful experts in the Admonition Hall.
After entering, Luo Zheng saw that both sides of the Admonition Hall were full of people.
Luo Zheng's eyes fell on Zhenren Tianqiong at first glance.
When Zhenren Tianqiong saw Luo Zheng, his eyes turned cold. He even raised his nose and snorted.
Beside Zhenren Tianqiong, there was a young man in a purple robe. His personal disciple!
Luo Zheng's eyes were extremely sharp. With a glance, he saw a small Eight Trigrams sewn with black thread on the cuffs of the purple-robed disciple's sleeves. It seemed that this purple-robed disciple was Zhuge Feng's family.
When the purple-robed disciple saw Luo Zheng, he immediately came forward. His face was full of anger. He looked as if he wanted to eat Luo Zheng alive. He said, "It was you who killed my brother?"
This personal disciple was extremely powerful. Under this interrogation, his whole body's pressure washed over Luo Zheng like a mountain flood.
Luo Zheng didn't move. He stared at that person indifferently and said, "So what?"
"Since you killed my brother, you have to pay with your life! Not only that, I will kill your entire family! "The purple-robed disciple said gloomily.
Luo Zheng smiled. He pointed at that person and said, "If you want me to pay with my life, don't say it. If you have the guts, do it right here!"
"You think I don't dare? Taking your life is as easy as turning over my hand! " The purple-robed disciple's True Essence emerged from the top of his head and formed a rainbow light. He was about to attack.
"Ge 'er! There are so many elders here. Don't mess around! "Behind the purple-robed disciple, an old man wearing a black hat shouted to stop him.
Today was the day of the trial. Six of the ten Perfected Masters of the Blue Cloud Sect came. Naturally, they wouldn't let the purple-robed disciple mess around.
This purple-robed disciple was the strongest among the younger generation of the Family Zhuge, Zhuge Yingge. The old man wearing a black hat behind him was one of the ten Perfected Masters of the Blue Cloud Sect, Perfected Luo Ying.
Zhuge Yingge was the personal disciple of Perfected Luo Ying!
Luo Zheng was escorted to the front of the Admonition Hall. Zhenren Tianqiong, who was in the Admonition Hall, said, "Since this kid has been escorted here, can we start the trial now?"
Several Perfected Masters around the Admonition Hall nodded their heads.
The trial of the Blue Cloud Sect only needed six Perfected Masters to start.
Apart from the six Perfected Masters, there were also several people from the Family Zhuge who came here today.
The other members of the Family Zhuge who were present were like Zhuge Yingge. They all stared at Luo Zheng as if they were about to devour him.
If it weren't for the fact that there were other Perfected Masters present, they probably would have rushed up and hacked Luo Zheng to death.
Standing in front of the Admonition Hall, Luo Zheng looked left and right, but he didn't see Su Lingyun.
This trial was originally initiated by Su Lingyun. Why wasn't she here today? This made Luo Zheng a little puzzled.
Unfortunately, Luo Zheng's gaze fell on Zhenren Tianqiong's face. Zhenren Tianqiong sneered and snorted, "I'm afraid your Mentor Su has something to do today and can't come!"
"Can't come? What did you do to her? " Luo Zheng didn't care if Mentor Su could come, but he was worried about her safety. If these Perfected Masters dared to harm his sister, they might dare to cause trouble for Mentor Su. Luo Zheng knew that Mentor Su's identity was special and her status was extraordinary.
However, this group of Perfected Masters didn't seem to be afraid of Su Lingyun's identity.
"What can I do to her?" Zhenren Tianqiong shook his head, "It's just that she knows that she will lose this trial and can't protect you, so she decided not to come!"
Hearing Zhenren Tianqiong's words, Luo Zheng felt a little relieved. It seemed that Zhenren Tianqiong didn't know either.
Until now, Luo Zheng still believed in Su Lingyun. Since she made a promise to him and took the initiative to request a trial, she must have some tricks up her sleeve. If she wasn't sure, with her intelligent personality, she would never make such a big deal out of it.
Outside the hall, a shadow on the corona rotated and pointed to noon.
In front of the hall, an old man wearing a purple crown suddenly said, "It's noon. We'll start the trial immediately!"
In fact, this time's joint trial, several Daoist Masters were quite disapproving, because in the past, the joint trial was only for the particularly important disciples of the Blue Cloud Sect, such as the pro-disciples, or the top ten elite disciples in the inner sect.
However, this time, they were going to interrogate an unknown outer sect disciple.
If it wasn't for Su Lingyun's forceful request, it would be almost impossible for this to happen.
However, after the Perfected Masters learned that this outer sect disciple in front of them had killed Zhuge Feng, the third son of the Family Zhuge, they felt a little strange.
Zhuge Feng's strength naturally didn't enter the Perfected Masters' eyes. However, this guy in front of them was only at the first stage of the Xiantian Realm, while Zhuge Feng was almost at the Xiantian Full Circle.
It was reasonable to say that the difference in strength between the two should be like heaven and earth. How could Zhuge Feng be defeated by Luo Zheng?
Two of the Perfected Masters secretly thought that if this guy called Luo Zheng really killed Zhuge Feng with his own strength, then he would be a monstrous figure of the Blue Cloud Sect, and his future would be limitless.
Unfortunately, if this guy was really as bloodthirsty as Zhenren Tianqiong said, it would be better to eliminate him as soon as possible.
This kind of thing had happened in the Blue Cloud Sect before. Seventy-nine years ago, a peerless monstrous genius appeared in the Blue Cloud Sect. That genius disciple was called He Yuetian. After entering the Blue Cloud Sect for nine years, he broke through the Divine Reflection Realm and practiced a peerless supernatural power, becoming invincible in the Divine Reflection Realm.
However, in the end, He Yuetian defected from the Blue Cloud Sect and became the Blue Cloud Sect's mortal enemy. He constantly roamed in the Eastern Domain, slaughtering the Blue Cloud Sect's disciples.
The Blue Cloud Sect had no choice but to join forces with the Burning Sky Dynasty and send dozens of elite disciples to kill He Yuetian.
In the end, the Blue Cloud Sect sacrificed three Perfected Masters and finally killed He Yuetian.
After He Yuetian's incident, the Blue Cloud Sect established a rule that the most important thing was not the disciple's talent, but the disciple's moral character. Otherwise, even if the disciple was successful in the future, he would become a great devil or a great hero because of his evil intentions, which would go against the purpose of establishing the Blue Cloud Sect.
Perfected Zi Qing, who was wearing a purple crown, heavily patted the square wood, and an invisible purple light curtain spread out from his square wood.
When everyone was bathed in the purple light curtain, they immediately felt tranquil and peaceful. Perfected Zi Qing's True Yuan had such a miraculous effect.
"Prisoner Luo Zheng, let me ask you. Yesterday, did you kill Zhuge Feng in front of the Admonition Hall? Did you kill him with a heavy sword?" Perfected Zi Qing asked indifferently. His voice was not loud, but it had an irresistible power that pointed directly at Luo Zheng.
Luo Zheng was also on trial, but at this moment, he was a lot calmer. Since Perfected Zi Qing was willing to ask him questions and did not randomly find a crime to pin on him, then he had a chance to refute it.
Luo Zheng nodded. "That's right!"
Hearing Luo Zheng admit it so readily, the other Perfected Masters were somewhat puzzled. They looked at each other. How could someone admit to the crime of murder so readily? Could it be that this brat didn't know the rules of the Blue Cloud Sect? If this trial determined that Luo Zheng was a bloodthirsty murderer, then no one in the world could save him.
Zhenren Tianqiong laughed mischievously. "Since that's the case, there's nothing to be interrogated about. You killed someone, so of course you have to pay with your life!"
"Yes, that's right. A debt must be paid with money, and a murderer must pay with his life. Since ancient times, this has always been the case!" The Family Zhuge people also said sternly.
＝＝＝＝＝

Chapter 161
Luo Zheng glanced at Zhenren Tianqiong and his Family Zhuge members, then continued to ask Reverend Zi Qing: "Reverend, if someone wanted to kill you right now, what would you do?"
Hearing Luo Zheng's question, Reverend Zi Qing said without hesitation: "If the opponent wanted to kill me without distinguishing between right and wrong, I would fight back."
Luo Zheng nodded again: "Reverend Zhuge is right. If someone wanted to kill you, no one would be willing to be a lamb waiting to be slaughtered. Then, Reverend Zhuge Feng, do you know where the heavy sword I used to kill Zhuge Feng that day came from?"
"I don't know." Reverend Zi Qing shook his head. He wasn't present that day, so of course he wouldn't know what happened yesterday.
Even Zhenren Tianqiong had only just arrived, so he didn't see what happened at the scene clearly. In the Admonition Hall, only Luo Zheng and Qin Mu knew what happened that day.
"Then I'll tell you, Reverend. The heavy sword I used to kill Zhuge Feng that day was borrowed from Zhuge Feng's Zhenyuan Giant Sword! The reason I took his Zhenyuan Giant Sword was because Zhuge Feng wanted to kill me with it. So, why didn't I just stand there and let him kill me? "Luo Zheng asked rhetorically.
Reverend Zi Qing's face flashed with a trace of doubt. "What you said seems to make sense, but I don't understand the part about the Zhenyuan Giant Sword."
"Reverend Zi Qing, Zhuge Feng used our Family Zhuge's Heaven class technique, the 'Seven Mysterious Demonic Sword'. It can transform Zhenyuan into a giant sword to fight the enemy. That Zhenyuan Giant Sword was transformed from Zhuge Feng's Zhenyuan, but this brat said that he took away Zhuge Feng's Giant Sword. He's full of nonsense. Who can take away someone's Zhenyuan Avatar?" Zhuge Yingge couldn't help but step forward and say.
"Snatch someone else's True Yuan Clone?" Reverend Zi Qing shook his head after hearing this.
Indeed, none of the Perfected Ones present had ever heard of any technique in this world that could snatch away another's True Essence Avatar.
Seeing the blank expression on Reverend Zi Qing's face, Luo Zheng pursed his lips. He thought that the ten Reverends of the Blue Cloud Sect were only so-so. It must be known that Luo Zheng's 《Heavenly Demon God Fist》 came from the Blue Cloud Sect's Heavenly Book Pavilion, but none of these Reverends knew about it.
"Kid, you're still spouting nonsense at a time like this. Immortal Zi Qing, I don't think there's any need to interrogate him. He clearly committed a violent crime and should be sentenced to death!" Zhenren Tianqiong said coldly.
However, Luo Zheng said unhurriedly, "Since Zhenren Tianqiong doesn't believe me, why don't you let me demonstrate it? Facts speak louder than words!"
Zhenren Tianqiong saw that Luo Zheng was speaking so confidently and had some doubts in his heart. However, he still didn't believe that Luo Zheng could swallow someone else's True Yuan.
He, Daoist Heaven Vault, had never heard of or seen such a cultivation technique before.
In fact, all the Perfected Ones present had heard of the 《Heavenly Demon God Fist》. When the only copy of the 《Heavenly Demon God Fist》 was stored in the Heavenly Book Pavilion, most of them were present.
However, although the 《Heavenly Demon God Fist》 was rated as a saint-level technique, no one had succeeded in cultivating it until now.
Naturally, they had never seen the 《Heavenly Demon God Fist》 or the true effect of the Heavenly Demon Vital Qi.
In fact, the fact that Luo Zheng could use his own True Yuan to swallow someone else's True Yuan had caused an uproar in White Emperor City. More than one or two people knew about this.
However, this matter happened in the Imperial Army and did not spread from White Emperor City.
"Well, in that case, I'd like to see how you can take away someone else's True Yuan!" After saying that, Zhenren Tianqiong said to Qin Mu, who was next to him, "Qin Mu, release your True Yuan Incarnation and see if this guy can do it!"
Qin Mu was anxious. Zhenren Tianqiong wasn't present that day and didn't see the scene of Luo Zheng swallowing True Yuan. However, Qin Mu saw it clearly.
That day, Zhuge Feng had released seven True Yuan swords, which had been swallowed by Luo Zheng. In the end, the seven swords had been combined into one giant sword and forcibly withstood Zhenren Tianqiong's palm strike. Why didn't Zhenren Tianqiong understand?
Unfortunately, Qin Mu didn't have the chance to quietly remind Zhenren Tianqiong. He could only brace himself, take out the Judge Pen, summon the True Yuan in his body, and write a character in the air. Then, he sent the character condensed by the True Yuan in Luo Zheng's direction.
Luo Zheng looked at the character formed by the True Yuan and slowly floated over. He raised his arm and a strand of Heavenly Demon Vital Qi shot out from his finger.
The strand of Heavenly Demon Vital Qi instantly entered the character written by Qin Mu. Before long, all the True Yuan in the character was swallowed by the Heavenly Demon Vital Qi.
After that, Luo Zheng waved his hand, and the words written by Qin Mu began to obediently revolve around him and dance in the air.
When the Perfected Masters saw this, their expressions changed dramatically.
"This kid is actually telling the truth. He can really swallow True Yuan!"
"What cultivation technique is he cultivating? No matter what the outcome of this trial is, we have to find out! "
Only a true powerhouse would understand what it meant to be able to swallow other people's True Yuan.
Luo Zheng had also used this technique to resolve countless dangerous situations and even fight against Divine Reflection Realm powerhouses!
Zhenren Tianqiong's expression was extremely ugly. He had some doubts before, especially when his Family Zhuge had mentioned the Seven Mysterious Demonic Sword. He recalled that day when Luo Zheng had controlled a giant sword to kill Zhuge Feng.
However, Zhenren Tianqiong had thought that it was Luo Zheng's cultivation technique.
Who would have thought that Luo Zheng could actually control other people's True Yuan and use it for his own?
"As I said, facts speak louder than words. Great Perfected Master, what else do you have to say?" Luo Zheng said to Zhenren Tianqiong with a smile. Then, he clapped his hands and the character formed by True Yuan gradually dissipated into the air.
Zhenren Tianqiong's face darkened and he sneered, "Even if you can prove that you can swallow other people's True Yuan, so what? Can this erase the fact that you killed someone? "
Luo Zheng shook his head and said, "I've already said that Zhuge Feng killed me first. Should I have just stood there and let him kill me?"
Zhenren Tianqiong sneered, "It's just a one-sided story. Qin Mu, tell us what happened that day!"
Other than Qin Mu and his subordinates, there was only the woman by Zhuge Feng's side, Concubine Zhuo, who was present that day.
Luo Zheng killed Zhuge Feng. Concubine Zhuo couldn't wait for Luo Zheng to die quickly. Naturally, she wouldn't come forward to testify for Luo Zheng.
Zhenren Tianqiong asked Qin Mu to come forward at this moment. His purpose was obvious.
Qin Mu smiled and stood in front of the hall. He waved his hand at Perfected Zi Qing and then recounted what happened that day.
His narration was naturally different from Luo Zheng's. "That day, not only did Luo Zheng speak rudely in front of the Admonition Hall, but he also wanted to injure me! When I shouted for help, Zhuge Feng happened to pass by. Young Master Zhuge Feng acted bravely for a just cause and wanted to help me restrain Luo Zheng! But … Alas, "Qin Mu sighed and said," I didn't expect that Luo Zheng would be so cold-blooded and bloodthirsty. He killed Zhuge Feng without saying anything. I wanted to stop him, but it was too late … "
Qin Mu was obviously well-prepared. He recounted the events of that day in a methodical manner, describing Luo Zheng as a cold-blooded demon.
After he finished speaking, Qin Mu narrowed his eyes and smiled eerily at Luo Zheng. Then he took a few steps back and returned to his seat.
The other Perfected Masters walked to Perfected Zi Qing's side. Perfected Zi Qing waved his hand and a purple True Yuan suddenly formed a thick light screen, enveloping the six Perfected Masters inside.
The Perfected Masters began to discuss spiritedly within the light screen.
As for what they were saying, because of the light screen, the people outside couldn't hear a single word clearly.
This discussion didn't last for long. After about the time it takes for a stick of incense to burn, Perfected Zi Qing waved his hand and removed the light screen.
The Perfected Masters returned to their seats. Perfected Zi Qing stabilized the purple crown on his head and said solemnly, "Today, the Admonition Hall has been opened. It has been ascertained that Luo Zheng, a disciple of the Blue Cloud Sect, committed murder for no reason in the Admonition Hall, causing the death of Zhuge Feng, a disciple of the Blue Cloud Sect. Luo Zheng is a violent and sadistic person who massacred the innocent. He shouldn't be allowed to live in this world … "
Looking at Perfected Zi Qing's serious face, Luo Zheng suddenly laughed wildly in the Admonition Hall!
"Hahahahaha …"
Luo Zheng's laughter shook the heavens, completely overshadowing Perfected Zi Qing's words.
This brat was too arrogant. He actually dared to be so impudent. A smile appeared on the faces of Zhenren Tianqiong and the Family Zhuge. Could it be that Luo Zheng had gone crazy?
Perfected Zi Qing's face darkened. He suddenly shouted angrily, "Shut up!"
The roar contained Daoist Ziqing's Quintessential Essence. With the strength of a Daoist Ziqing, the roar that was mixed with the Quintessential Essence was extremely powerful.
A purple sound wave crashed toward Luo Zheng with the force of toppling mountains and overturning seas.
Luo Zheng, who was hit by the sound wave, stopped laughing abruptly. Traces of blood flowed out from the corners of his mouth. Obviously, he had suffered a serious internal injury.
Luo Zheng lightly covered his chest. He continued to sneer a few times and said slowly, "The Blue Cloud Sect is so famous. I didn't expect you Perfected Masters to deal with things like this! I, Luo Zheng, am ashamed of my inferiority. I'm not as thick-skinned as you guys. You're all sanctimonious, but you're actually distorting the truth … "
"If you speak rudely again, I'll kill you on the spot!" When had Perfected Zi Qing ever been lectured by a junior like this? This time, he was furious to the extreme.
"Haha? What's the difference between killing me now and killing me later? Do you think threats are meaningful? " The Heavenly Devil True Qi in Luo Zheng's body suddenly flowed out, forming a dark purple barrier around his body.
If death was inevitable, Luo Zheng would never allow himself to be captured without putting up a fight!
"Good. In that case, I'll fulfill your wish!" Perfected Zi Qing slammed the table. The True Yuan in his body suddenly surged.
The strength of a Perfected Master was unfathomable. If he wanted to kill Luo Zheng with all his strength, perhaps Luo Zheng wouldn't be able to escape.
"Kill him. Kill this arrogant brat!"
"This kind of scum, every day he stays in this world, he'll bring more harm to the world!"
The people of the Family Zhuge also clamored, especially Zhuge Yingge. At this moment, he also wanted to make a move. However, he thought that since Perfected Zi Qing had already made a move, there was no need for him to help. Luo Zheng must die today!

Chapter 162
Soon after, a beautiful figure leisurely walked in from the entrance of the Admonition Hall. It was Luo Zheng's mentor, Su Lingyun.
Compared to a few days ago, Su Lingyun's aura was extremely vigorous. Her entire body was bathed in a special aura.
Even though Su Lingyun's strength was far inferior to these Enlightened Masters in front of her, her aura was able to firmly suppress the aura emitted by these Enlightened Masters.
This kind of aura was the aura of someone who could unify the world and look down on all living things!
Only a true direct descendant of the imperial family could emit this kind of aura.
After being exposed by Zhenren Tianqiong, Su Lingyun went into seclusion for two days. Thousands of thoughts ran through her mind. Only at the last moment of her visit to Xun Ming Mountain did she realize that there were many things that she couldn't escape from.
Perhaps, she should pick up the things that she had thrown away.
Perhaps, they had all forgotten who she was!
She was the eldest daughter of the current emperor! She was the Princess of the Vast Sky who was doted on by thousands of people and worshipped by foreign countries!
Under Su Lingyun's aura, these Enlightened Masters even felt that they were much smaller.
"I'll ask again. Why am I not present today? The trial is also about to begin. Who was the one who made the decision? Zi Qing? " Su Lingyun's delicate eyebrows furrowed. She directly called Enlightened Master Zi Qing by his name. She even had an overbearing tone.
Even with Enlightened Master Zi Qing's strength and status, under Su Lingyun's interrogation, he actually felt suffocated. He immediately said, "Today's trial was set to begin at noon. Since you arrived at noon, we six Enlightened Masters couldn't wait any longer!"
"Is that so? That's fine. I won't pursue this matter any further. However, I want to ask you, what's the result of the trial? "Su Lingyun waved her hand. From behind her, six people bent their bodies and moved over a chair.
The chair was nine chi tall. It was inlaid with all kinds of jade, agate, and emerald. It was extremely exquisite.
The entire chair was made of Golden-Threaded Jade Glory Wood, which was an extremely rare type of wood.
Generally, it was used to make the hilts of spirit weapons, such as spear shafts.
Following the mining in recent years, the number of Golden Silk Jade Flourishing Wood had become fewer and fewer. For this reason, the Burning Sky Emperor Dynasty had issued an announcement that anyone who collected this wood was not allowed to keep it for themselves and had to hand it over.
If anyone gathered it for their own use, they would be severely punished!
Because it was too rare, generally speaking, only the core of a long spear at the level of a spirit tool would use this Golden Silk Jade Glory Wood.
From this, it could be seen how precious this Golden Silk Jade Wood was.
However, this Golden Jadewood was used to make a chair.
The entire body of this huge chair was made of Golden Silk Jade Flourishing Wood. If it was used to forge spear and saber handles for spirit weapons, who knows how many of them could be forged!
This chair was extremely heavy. Even with six burly men carrying it together, it was still very strenuous. However, the six of them bent their backs and took small, quick steps. Without saying a word, they placed the chair in front of the hall. Then, without saying a word, they took small, quick steps and left quickly.
Su Lingyun turned around and stepped on the small steps inlaid with gemstones and emeralds in front of the chair. She climbed to the top of the chair and turned around to sit down. She placed her pair of jade legs on the foot rest at the side. Her expression was slightly heavy and a languid expression appeared on her face. "Zi Qing, tell me. What is the result of the trial?"
In the face of Su Lingyun's actions, everyone immediately understood that today's matter would be difficult to resolve peacefully. At this moment, they could only fight for what was right.
Reverend Zi Qing said, "This brat violated the rules of our Blue Cloud Sect. He killed Zhuge Feng, the third son of the Family Zhuge's direct line of descent. Naturally, we will punish him according to the sect rules. A life for a life is right and proper."
Su Lingyun nodded. "Reverend Zi Qing is extremely right. A life for a life is right and proper. These words are indeed true. If Zhuge Feng wanted to kill Luo Zheng, and Luo Zheng was forced to kill him out of helplessness, would this life still need to be paid?"
"Of course not," Reverend Zi Qing continued. "However, when we opened the court for interrogation, it was already clear that it was Luo Zheng who spoke rudely and caused a ruckus in the admonition hall that day. This forced Zhuge Feng's assistant to help. He wanted to cooperate with Qin Mu to take Luo Zheng down. Unexpectedly, Luo Zheng …"
Before Reverend Zi Qing could finish speaking, Su Lingyun interrupted him. "I want to know, did Luo Zheng himself admit to your words? Or did he tell you this himself? "
"This was what Qin Mu told me. As for what Luo Zheng said, it was a completely opposite fact," Reverend Zi Qing replied.
"Alright then. Let me ask you. Why did you believe Qin Mu's words and not Luo Zheng's?" Su Lingyun suddenly changed her indolent appearance. Her bright eyes stared intently at Reverend Zi Qing. Her tone was even more aggressive and unyielding.
"This … this …" Su Lingyun's words caused Reverend Zi Qing to be momentarily at a loss for words.
"You guys just thought that the one who died was a descendant of a Zhuge Family, a descendant of a landowning household, and Luo Zheng was nothing more than a commoner. If Luo Zheng had been killed by Zhuge Feng that day, I don't think you guys would have cared about this matter at all!" Su Lingyun's tone became more and more dignified. Her eyes exuded the aura of an emperor. This aura was inherited from her father, the king of the entire Eastern Region!
Reverend Zi Qing couldn't say anything, but Zhenren Tianqiong said, "Your Highness, you're wrong. After all, Qin Mu is the Hall Master of the Admonition Hall. He's a fair and upright person. In comparison, it's naturally easier for us to believe his words. I think if Your Highness were the judge of this case, you'd also believe Qin Mu's words and not the murderer's one-sided story!"
Zhenren Tianqiong's words were more intelligent.
He probably meant to exonerate Reverend Zi Qing. This Luo Zheng was the murderer. In comparison, Qin Mu's words were much more trustworthy. They couldn't possibly believe Luo Zheng's words over Qin Mu's.
Su Lingyun's beautiful eyes sized up Zhenren Tianqiong, which immediately made Zhenren Tianqiong feel uncomfortable. Su Lingyun then said, "If that's the case, why don't you guys wait for me to come before starting the trial? I have evidence in my hands that proves that Luo Zheng is telling the truth. "
"You have evidence in your hands?" Reverend Zi Qing was stunned. Obviously, he didn't believe her.
Zhenren Tianqiong chuckled and said, "Your Highness must be joking. When Luo Zheng killed that day, I was also there. If you have evidence, how come I don't know about it?"
"Of course you don't know about it. Why would I let you know about my evidence? Let me ask you, if I didn't have evidence, why would I apply for a trial? "Su Lingyun asked rhetorically from her high chair.
After she finished speaking, Su Lingyun lightly clapped her hands.
Outside the Admonition Hall, the six large men once again rushed in.
This time, the six large men didn't carry chairs on their backs. Instead, they carried a letter jade tablet.
The six large men neatly placed the letter jade tablet next to Su Lingyun before retreating.
Immediately, Su Lingyun extended her slender fingers. A faint stream of true essence gushed out from her fingers and flashed into the surface of the letter jade tablet.
Not long after, an image appeared on the letter jade tablet.
At this moment, when all the Reverends saw the image on the letter jade tablet, their expressions immediately became very unsightly.
No one would've thought that Su Lingyun would be able to bring out a letter jade tablet at this time. Moreover, the letter jade tablet even recorded the scene of that day!
Even Luo Zheng himself was shocked. That letter jade tablet actually recorded the scene that happened in the Admonition Hall that day.
Luo Zheng also couldn't understand why Instructor Su would use a letter jade tablet to record the scene of that day!
Although he couldn't understand, Luo Zheng also understood that once this image was released, these old fellows would probably really be at their wit's end.
On the letter jade tablet, scene after scene was released. Those scenes were like clean and crisp slaps that violently slapped the cheeks of these Reverends.
This was true. Facts spoke louder than words.
"Reverends, is there anything else you want to say?" Su Lingyun stretched her pair of jade legs on the spacious chair. It was as if her sharp aura had been completely withdrawn. Her face once again changed into a languid expression.
"This …" At this moment, Reverend Zi Qing was completely speechless. At the same time, he looked at Zhenren Tianqiong beside him. In his heart, he was even complaining about Zhenren Tianqiong.
This Zhenren Tianqiong had said it in all seriousness. According to this judgment, there was absolutely no problem. As for Su Lingyun's side, there was no need to explain anything at all.
Actually, when the Reverends made this decision, they indeed didn't take Su Lingyun into consideration.
However, they didn't expect that Su Lingyun would make such a sharp counterattack at the most crucial moment.
They had indeed forgotten that Her Highness the Princess, who was once like the pearl of the empire, possessed such status and courage!
It was only later that Su Lingyun became very depressed because of those things in the palace. That was why she came to the Blue Cloud Sect to seek a position as an instructor, retracting her former sharpness.
However, Su Lingyun was still Su Lingyun. Even if she was at odds with the Burning Sky Palace, she was still the Eldest Princess of the Burning Sky Dynasty. No one could forget this fact!
"Reverend Zi Qing, don't you think that you should give me an explanation?" Seeing that the Reverends didn't speak, Su Lingyun could only set her target on today's main judge, Reverend Zi Qing.
Although Reverend Zi Qing was incomparably resentful of Zhenren Tianqiong in his heart, it was obviously unrealistic to expect Zhenren Tianqiong to stand out and take a blow for him at this moment. At this moment, he could only lower his head and say, "Your Highness the Princess, during today's trial, I, Zi Qing, have indeed neglected something. Your Highness the Princess, please forgive me."
"I can forgive you, but I don't know if Luo Zheng will forgive you. If I didn't appear today, I'm afraid that he would have already died in this Admonition Hall. You'd better go and ask Luo Zheng. "Su Lingyun said coldly.
Su Lingyun's intention was to force Reverend Zi Qing to apologize to Luo Zheng!
Asking a dignified Reverend to apologize to an outer disciple of the Blue Cloud Sect was somewhat unimaginable.

Chapter 163
Actually, there was no need for Su Lingyun to be so ruthless. At least today, she had successfully reversed the situation and rescued Luo Zheng unscathed.
However, Su Lingyun wanted the world to understand that she didn't show her power because she didn't want to. If anyone really provoked her, they would definitely be hurt by her sharp edge.
"Your Highness, isn't your request a bit too much …" Zhenren Tianqiong had no choice but to stand up at this moment. After all, he was the one who initiated the whole thing. Relatively speaking, Reverend Zi Qing was helping him take the blame.
"Is my request too much?" Su Lingyun shook her head. "Actually, it's not too much at all. Your judgment almost cost Luo Zheng his life. What's the big deal about apologizing? As the ancients say, nothing is better than knowing one's mistakes and being able to correct them. This isn't a very difficult thing to do! "
"Although that's true, this matter also depends on one's identity. We …" Zhenren Tianqiong continued.
However, Su Lingyun quickly interrupted him. "Tianqiong, Luo Zheng is the disciple I've chosen. You can watch carefully. In the future, his achievements and his identity will be something that even you can only look up to! Whether this identity is suitable or not, you don't need to tell me! "
Let a group of Reverends look up to her!
It wasn't that easy to be a Reverend of the Blue Cloud Sect. These ten Reverends had all made great contributions to the Blue Cloud Sect. It took them hundreds of years to reach their current status.
Any one of these Reverends was an existence that people looked up to in the Eastern Region.
However, Su Lingyun said with certainty that Luo Zheng's future achievements would far surpass these Reverends. These words were undoubtedly too full of themselves.
However, who would dare to casually refute Her Highness the Princess' words?
"Yes, I did apologize today! It's only right that I apologize to Luo Zheng! "After Reverend Zi Qing finished speaking, he stepped down from the front of the hall and respectfully bowed to Luo Zheng!
Seeing this scene, the expressions of the other Adepts were extremely ugly. It was as if water could be squeezed out from their cloudy faces.
Although they weren't the ones apologizing, but Reverend Zi Qing, they were all part of the top ten Reverends of the Blue Cloud Sect. Reverend Zi Qing's apology was equivalent to disrespecting all the other Reverends!
After Reverend Zi Qing bowed, he didn't say a word and walked out of the Admonition Hall.
When the other Sages saw this, they all left one after another.
As for Zhuge Yingge's Family Zhuge people, they just stared at Luo Zheng with gloomy eyes and left through the side door. Today, Su Lingyun was here, so it was almost impossible to touch Luo Zheng. Staying here was just asking for humiliation.
For a moment, only Luo Zheng and Su Lingyun were left in the Admonition Hall.
Luo Zheng turned his head and looked up at Su Lingyun, who was sitting on the throne, with a faint smile. He walked up to Su Lingyun and cupped his hands with a smile: "This humble one greets Her Highness the Princess!"
Su Lingyun jumped down from her chair and extended her hand to knock Luo Zheng's head: "You still dare to smile mischievously with me. I let you participate in the Demon-Slaying Trial, but you came back alone. You just came back, and trouble immediately came looking for you. Tell me how troublesome you are!"
Because of the Demon Clan's invasion, the disciples of the Blue Cloud Sect had all returned to the Blue Cloud Sect on the large flying chariot. However, Luo Zheng was the only one who was forced to stay in White Emperor City because of Yun Luo's imprisonment.
After that, because he passed by Guanghan Prefecture and found clues to the Immortal Mansion, Luo Zheng was delayed for a period of time. Therefore, he returned to the Blue Cloud Sect much later than the other disciples.
"Instructor Su, there is one thing I don't understand," Luo Zheng suddenly said, "Why is there an image of the day before yesterday in the letter tablet?"
It was actually a coincidence that Su Lingyun was able to record everything that happened that day.
After Luo Zheng participated in the Demon-Slaying Trials, he had not returned. Although Su Lingyun heard from Lin Geng and the others that Luo Zheng was fine and had only been detained by a strong martial artist from the Emperor's army, Su Lingyun knew that Luo Zheng had not returned.
According to Lin Geng's description, Su Lingyun guessed that the person was Yun Luo.
As such, Su Lingyun could only slowly wait in the Blue Cloud Sect.
In the end, as time passed day after day, Luo Zheng still didn't return. Su Lingyun began to feel a bit of worry, to the extent where she even wanted to send someone to White Emperor City to investigate.
However, the day before yesterday, Su Lingyun accidentally opened the letter tablet, discovering that she could track Luo Zheng!
Su Lingyun had previously done something to Luo Zheng's disciple tablet, just like last time when Luo Zheng headed to Purgatory Mountain alone, Su Lingyun used the letter tablet to monitor him …
Luo Zheng wore a disciple tablet, so as long as he entered the Blue Cloud Sect, her letter tablet would be able to track him.
That was why back then, Su Lingyun's letter tablet already recorded everything that happened the day before yesterday. When she discovered that Luo Zheng was threatened by Zhenren Tianqiong through the letter tablet, only then did Su Lingyun contact Flame Dragon Daoist, hurrying towards Xunming Mountain together.
As for why Luo Zheng asked her why the letter tablet would have images of the day before yesterday, Su Lingyun only pursed her lips into a smile, not willing to tell Luo Zheng.
"Today's matter can be considered settled, but we have angered those daoists. I don't fear them, but I reckon that they will target you!" Su Lingyun said to Luo Zheng.
Luo Zheng nodded. "I understand clearly that even if it wasn't because of this matter, they still wouldn't let me go. Moreover! I similarly won't let them go, especially Zhenren Tianqiong and Daoist Still Water! "
Su Lingyun sighed. She had forgotten about this brat's personality.
Simply harming this brat wouldn't incur such great hatred from him. However, if anyone dared to touch his loved ones, he would definitely make them pay ten times the price!
However … from this point of view, it also showed that Luo Zheng was a person who was true to his emotions.
"Alright, let's talk about these things later. With your current strength, not to mention those daoists, you won't be able to deal with a random Divine Realm expert. If you want to save your sister, you still need to increase your strength!" Su Lingyun said with a smile.
Luo Zheng nodded and followed Su Lingyun out of the Admonition Hall.
After the Monster Slaying Trial, as well as the trip to the Immortal Mansion, Luo Zheng's strength had indeed increased by quite a bit. Moreover, he had stepped into the ranks of Xiantian lifeforms.
Outside the imperial capital, a Xiantian lifeform could almost dominate a region, enough to support a small family.
However, in the Burning Heaven Imperial Capital, in the Blue Cloud Sect, they were far from enough.
After returning this time, Luo Zheng also decided to set a goal for himself, to devote himself to training hard.
When Luo Zheng once again stepped into Xiao Yufeng's outer sect, he caused another sensation.
News of Luo Zheng's various astonishing feats in the Monster Slaying Trial had already spread among the outer sect disciples.
Before Luo Zheng joined Xiao Yufeng's outer sect, the strongest person in Xiao Yufeng's outer sect was Hao Shige.
However, in this Monster Slaying Trial, Hao Shige was nothing in front of Luo Zheng!
"Luo Zheng killed a Monster General!"
"Even Tianyi Peak's Zhu Tianlai was only evenly matched with a Monster General. He was actually able to directly kill a Monster General! If it wasn't for him, the entire Tianyi Peak might have been wiped out! "
"He didn't just kill a Monster General. According to the news from Jade Maiden Peak, Luo Zheng faced several Monster Generals alone and killed them all!"
These outer sect disciples had also felt the demonic aura of the Monster Race. Even if they faced a Monster Soldier, they would find it hard to resist that demonic aura.
However, Luo Zheng was actually able to deal with a Monster General. Without a doubt, Luo Zheng had indeed become the idol in the hearts of the outer sect disciples!
This was because Luo Zheng's strength not only surpassed the outer sect, but also surpassed Hao Shige. Many outer sect disciples believed that even in Xiao Yufeng's inner sect, there was probably no one who was a match for Luo Zheng.
"Ah! Boss! This time you're awesome! "When Mo Can, Zhou Xian, and the others saw Luo Zheng, they all rushed forward and gave Luo Zheng a big hug.
Then, the two of them dodged to the side and were met with a big bear hug from Zhang Wuxian!
The four of them chatted and laughed as they walked towards the restaurant. Now that they were back, they naturally wanted to have a good get-together and drink some wine. They wouldn't return until they were drunk.
Zhang Wuxian and Zhou Xian were very excited. Before Luo Zheng returned, they had already heard all kinds of rumors. In regards to Luo Zheng being able to deal with a Monster General, they initially held a skeptical attitude. Later, when they heard that it was personally said by Lin Geng, they understood that there was really nothing in this world that the monstrous Luo Zheng couldn't do.
One must know that although Lin Geng wasn't ranked in the top five in the inner sect, he was still a very powerful existence. Lin Geng naturally wouldn't speak carelessly.
However, when they thought of the strength of a Monster General, which could scare them out of their wits with just a glance, Luo Zheng was able to personally kill it, the gap between him and an ordinary outer sect disciple was too big. Therefore, although they already believed it, deep in their hearts, they still didn't dare to believe it.
As they ate and chatted like this, Luo Zheng noticed that Mo Can was a little depressed, and his expression was somewhat unnatural.
"Brother Mo Can, I think you seem to have something on your mind?" Luo Zheng asked curiously.
Mo Can was from the imperial capital. Usually, he appeared to be somewhat carefree. It seemed that there was rarely anything that could make him unhappy. If he was really unhappy, something must have happened.
"Nothing! Brother Luo Zheng, I'm very happy that you're back today. Come, cheers! "Mo Can raised his cup and extended it to Luo Zheng.
The more Mo Can's expression was like this, the more Luo Zheng knew that something must have happened. Luo Zheng didn't raise his cup. Instead, he asked, "If you treat us as brothers, just tell me directly if you have any problems."
Zhang Wuxian and Zhou Xian also looked at Mo Can. At this moment, they also noticed that something was wrong.
In the end, Mo Can suddenly smiled and said, "Actually, it's not a big deal. It's just that my family is going to hold a gathering next month. Actually, my Mo Family is also considered a noble family, but we're at the back of the noble families …"
When Zhang Wuxian heard Mo Can's words, he said, "Could it be that Mo Can is a member of the Mo family in North City?"
Zhang Wuxian's Zhang family's business spread to every corner of the imperial capital. They almost knew the entire huge family system of the imperial capital like the back of their hand. Therefore, when Mo Can said that his family was also a noble family, Zhang Wuxian immediately guessed it.
＝＝＝＝＝

Chapter 164
Mo Can nodded. "Yes, I'm from the Mo Family in North City."
The Mo Family in North City wasn't a big landowning family, but the Mo Family's ancestor had once given birth to a hero, Mo Shaotian.
Mo Shaotian had once joined the army and led the Emperor's army to make great contributions. It was because of Mo Shaotian that the Mo Family, a small and unknown family, was granted the title of landowning family.
It was just that after Mo Shaotian appeared in the Mo Clan of the North City, there were no other outstanding figures. Therefore, although the Mo Clan was conferred the title of nobles, their development had always been lukewarm. They belonged to the last of the nobles, and only lived up to their name.
"Since Brother Mo Can is a landowning family descendant, why did you participate in the audition that day?" Luo Zheng asked, somewhat puzzled.
Luo Zheng remembered very clearly that Mo Can had signed up for the audition with him. If he was a landowning family descendant, he could have directly skipped that section.
Mo Can smiled. "The family didn't give me the landowning document, so I had no choice but to pass the audition."
At this time, Zhang Wuxian said, "It seems that Mo Can is being squeezed out of the family quite badly. Presumably, this time, he's also worried about the family's affairs?"
Mo Can nodded and said, "That's indeed the case. Although our Mo Family hasn't produced any outstanding figures these years, the whole family has worked very hard. For example, at this family gathering, my other sisters will also bring back the friends they made in the Blue Cloud Sect, but I don't know how to do it …"
In fact, Mo Can didn't say everything.
If a family wanted to develop, the most important thing was not only its own strength, but also its surrounding connections.
Landowning families were inextricably linked with each other. If a family wanted to develop and grow, one of the ways was to need the help of other landowning families.
Mo Can wasn't valued in the family from the beginning. Even because he wanted to enter the Blue Cloud Sect, he was ridiculed by his family. They didn't even help Mo Can with something as trivial as the landowning document.
However, in the end, Mo Can met Luo Zheng and passed the Blue Cloud Sect's examination by accident, becoming an outer sect disciple. This greatly exceeded the expectations of the Mo Family.
However, he was only an outer sect disciple, and was nothing in the Mo Family. Mo Can, along with his parents, was also being squeezed out.
This family gathering was was actually an opportunity to show off one's own connections.
According to Mo Can's knowledge, the Mo Family Patriarch had already gotten acquainted with a few of the landowning families' descendants. There were even descendants from the seven major landowning families who were willing to participate in the Mo Family's gathering.
In comparison, Mo Can didn't get to know anyone else other than Luo Zheng, Zhou Xian, Zhang Wuxian, and the others after entering the Blue Cloud Sect. He didn't even get to know a single landowning family's descendant.
After hearing Mo Can's words, Zhou Xian, who had been preoccupied with drinking wine, suddenly laughed out loud and said, "Mo Can, you're really something. I was wondering what was going on! Are you really stupid? Aren't the two people in front of you the best people to show off? Brother Wu Xian, Brother Luo Zheng, which one of them is worse than those landowning families? Even among the seven major landowning families, there aren't many who can be compared to them! "
Zhou Xian's words weren't wrong at all.
First, let's talk about Zhang Wuxian. Although the Zhang Family wasn't a landowning family, it was extremely wealthy. If one were to really talk about family strength, their Zhang Family indeed didn't have many experts. Even so, in the entire Eastern Region, there weren't many families who dared to touch the Zhang Family!
It could be said that ordinary small landowning families didn't have the qualifications to be compared to the Zhang Family and the Zhang Family. The Zhang Family was completely on par with the seven major landowning families.
As for Luo Zheng, there was no need to talk about him!
There were many geniuses among the seven major landowning families, but Zhou Xian could say with certainty that until now, no one could be compared to Luo Zheng.
Even if it were the disciples of the seven major landowning families who were in the limelight, with the speed of Luo Zheng's progress, it was only a matter of time before he surpassed them.
After Zhou Xian finished speaking, he patted Mo Can's shoulder and said, "I've already recommended them to you. Why don't you go and ask them if they agree to accompany you?"
"This, this …" Mo Can stammered for a moment.
In fact, Mo Can wasn't blind. Of course, he wanted to invite Luo Zheng and Zhang Wuxian to his home. It was just that he didn't know how to ask. He still felt a little inferior in front of Zhang Wuxian and Luo Zheng. Now that he was suddenly instigated by Zhou Xian, he actually didn't know how to speak.
Luo Zheng and Zhang Wuxian looked at each other, then looked at Mo Can together with smiles on their faces, waiting for Mo Can to speak.
Mo Can stammered for a long time before he finally gritted his teeth and said, "Brother Wuxian, Brother Luo Zheng, next month, I'll invite you to my home …"
Luo Zheng nodded at Zhang Wuxian. This was such a trivial matter, yet it made Mo Can feel conflicted for so long.
"Fuck, what about me?" Zhou Xian once again patted Mo Can's shoulder.
"Of course, there's also you," Mo Can added.
That night, the four drank a lot of wine and didn't disperse until late at night.
Luo Zheng returned to his room and sorted out the things he had obtained from this trip.
Luo Zheng's harvest from this trip to White Emperor City was quite bountiful. Besides the two crystals embedded in his arm, there was also a large pile of other random things, some of which were quite valuable.
For example, in the battle at the pavilion in the immortal residence, many Divine Reflection experts had fought each other. Many of their weapons were at the Spiritual level, and they had been scattered all over the ground. Luo Zheng had collected them one by one.
While collecting, Luo Zheng had found four spatial rings. One of them had a much larger space than the spatial ring in Luo Zheng's hand.
Even though the room allocated to him by the Blue Cloud Sect was very spacious, after Luo Zheng had scattered the items, they still filled up the entire room.
Luo Zheng slowly sorted out these things. Unwittingly, he had spent a whole night sorting them out.
In the next few days, besides cultivating, Luo Zheng also took a lot of time to visualize the Sun-Moon-Stars Map.
This Sun-Moon-Stars Map indeed had a very wonderful effect on martial artists.
Last time in the immortal residence, Luo Zheng's visualization had taken away a part of the stars' fortune. Now, Luo Zheng's Sky Demon Vital Energy contained a little bit of the power of the stars.
When the power of the stars exploded, the annihilation energy that emerged terrified even Luo Zheng himself.
"This is only a little bit of the stars' fortune. If I can take all of the stars' fortune, as well as the fortune of the sun and moon, then how terrifying will my Sky Demon Vital Energy be?" Luo Zheng found it hard to imagine.
However, when Luo Zheng visualized these days, he didn't have the wonderful feeling he had the first time.
Relatively speaking, the speed of his visualization and comprehension was greatly reduced. Presumably, it wouldn't be easy to "see through" this Sun-Moon-Stars Map. With Luo Zheng's current strength, it was far from being possible.
In addition to visualizing the Sun-Moon-Stars Map, Luo Zheng also took time to consider cultivation methods.
The Blue Cloud Sect was known as the cultivation holy land for martial artists. In addition to possessing a vast amount of secret cultivation methods, the most attractive thing for martial artists was its cultivation grounds.
Previously, Luo Zheng had just entered the outer sect of the Blue Cloud Sect, so he didn't know about these things.
Moreover, he had been busy trying to earn points quickly. Because of this, he had even fallen out with Mentor Su.
After returning this time, Su Lingyun also believed that Luo Zheng needed to quickly improve his strength. Two days ago, she had sent someone to throw a jade slip to Luo Zheng.
Written on the jade slip were the various cultivation grounds of the Blue Cloud Sect.
"Nine Yin Thunder Valley. You can use the Nine Yin Divine Thunder to temper your body …"
"Ice Culvert. Step into the culvert and cultivate in the extreme cold. You can temper your temperament and eliminate your inner demons!"
"Seven Stars Sword Radiance Platform. Cultivating sword arts on this platform will increase your speed by ten times!"
Looking at these cultivation grounds, Luo Zheng was very tempted.
"Limitless Dao Heavy Path!" Seeing this, Luo Zheng recalled the path filled with powerful gravity when he participated in the sea test.
That powerful gravity could increase the speed of Luo Zheng's body-tempering by countless times. Now that Luo Zheng had stepped into the Xiantian Secret Realm, body-tempering was important, but it wasn't an urgent need. In the future, Luo Zheng might enter the "Limitless Dao Heavy Path," but for now, Luo Zheng wanted to find a better choice.
"Illusory Fish Deep Pool! In the deep pool, under the pressure, kill countless Illusory Demon Fishmen and temper yourself between life and death! "
This was it! Luo Zheng's eyes lit up.
From the Flesh Refinement Realm to his current strength, Luo Zheng understood that there was nothing faster and more stable than raising one's strength between life and death!
The comprehension at the moment of life and death was often much more important than the usual cultivation, perhaps even much more important.
However, when Luo Zheng saw the small words at the bottom of the jade slip, he couldn't feel happy.
It turned out that these cultivation grounds weren't free.
Not only were they not free, but the fees were shockingly expensive.
Just like the Seven Stars Sword Radiance Platform, 80 points were deducted for two hours of cultivation.
The Limitless Dao Heavy Path was even more expensive. 120 points were deducted for two hours …
As for the Illusory Fish Deep Pool, 200 points were deducted for two hours …
It was too terrifying.
Luo Zheng's points were probably an astronomical figure compared to the outer sect disciples. It was impossible to afford.
Not to mention the outer sect disciples, even the inner sect disciples wouldn't be able to fill in so many points.
Luo Zheng had gone to Su Lingyun's place to do missions before, so he was quite clear about the points awarded for missions.
Generally, missions with low difficulty would only give a few points, while missions with high difficulty would require a considerable amount of time to complete.
Missions that might take ten days to half a month to complete wouldn't even be enough to stay in these cultivation grounds for two hours.
"Unless those aristocratic families spend large amounts of square crystals to buy points from the Blue Cloud Sect, then they would be able to support themselves. Ordinary disciples simply wouldn't be able to bear it!"
The Blue Cloud Sect was like a huge machine. Every month, the salaries of the deacons and managers of various levels, as well as the medicinal pills and monthly stipends received by the hundreds of thousands of disciples of the Blue Cloud Sect, were enormous expenses every month.
In order to maintain these expenses, the Blue Cloud Sect had no choice but to seek high fees in certain areas.

Chapter 165
The Illusory Fish Pond was located on a small mountain to the south of the Blue Cloud Sect.
Compared to the mountains to the north of the Blue Cloud Sect, this small mountain was inconspicuous.
However, the scenery here was surprisingly good. The Blue Cloud Sect had built a neat path that led directly to this hill. Along the way, it was neatly paved with six feet wide blue stone slabs.
After arriving at this small mountain, Luo Zheng saw a deacon in a brown robe waiting here.
After greeting him, Luo Zheng asked about the Illusory Fish Pond.
The deacon sized up Luo Zheng. When he saw the white robe Luo Zheng was wearing, his face showed a trace of confusion.
Generally speaking, the white robes of the Blue Cloud Sect did not have many points. Moreover, cultivating in the Illusory Fish Pond required a certain level of strength.
If a cultivator's strength had not entered the Xiantian Secret Realm, not only would they not gain any benefits in the Illusory Fish Pond, they might even be injured.
"I would like to apply to cultivate in the Illusory Fish Pond," Luo Zheng said to the deacon.
The deacon thought for a moment before saying, "Did the mentors of your mountain ask you to come?"
Under normal circumstances, it was the mentors who suggested the disciples of their mountain to cultivate in the Illusory Fish Pond at the appropriate time.
Luo Zheng nodded. He had indeed learned of the Blue Cloud Sect's secret cultivation grounds under Su Lingyun's reminder.
The deacon extended his hand to Luo Zheng and said, "Show me your disciple token first."
After checking Luo Zheng's disciple tag, the deacon confirmed that there were a lot of points inside. Based on the deacon's experience, it was impossible for an outer sect disciple to have so many points unless he bought them with square crystals.
"Seeing that he's wearing the outer sect disciple robe, he shouldn't be from a landowning household. He should be from a well-off family," the deacon analyzed in his mind.
Then the deacon said to Luo Zheng, "You can't cultivate in the Illusory Fish Pond yet."
"Why is that?" Luo Zheng asked curiously.
"At the moment, there are other people cultivating in the fantasy fish pool, but that person has already been in for half an hour. I set him two hours. You see." The deacon pointed to the sundial next to him and said, "That person went in at noon to cultivate for two hours. He will come out at the end of the day. Now half of the time has passed. You only need to wait for another half an hour."
Luo Zheng looked in the direction where the deacon was pointing. On the sundial, a long shadow was projected between noon and midnight. Just as he said, it seemed that they had to wait here for half an hour.
Luo Zheng nodded and sat down on a stone stool nearby.
He originally thought that he would have to wait for half an hour, but Luo Zheng didn't expect that just after sitting for a while, in less than the time it takes for an incense stick to burn, he saw a person coming out from the end of the well-paved path. His whole body was drenched in sweat and he was trembling from head to toe. His lips were pale and his eyes were staring blankly. He was out of breath.
The deacon quickly greeted him and supported him, "I told you that you're at the Xiantian fifth stage and you're barely able to cultivate in the Illusory Fish Pond. The cultivation of martial arts is about gradual progress. For someone at the Xiantian fifth stage like you, you can only stay in the Illusory Fish Pond for half an hour at most. But you want to stay in the Illusory Fish Pond for two hours, isn't this just looking for trouble?"
The deacon helped the disciple sit down on a stone stool nearby. The disciple panted and rested for a while before his complexion gradually recovered. When he recovered, he saw Luo Zheng next to him and suddenly called out, "Luo Zheng, you also came to the Illusory Fish Pond?"
Luo Zheng smiled and nodded. He had already recognized this person. It was Meng Changjun, a disciple of the Meng family whom he had met when he was killing Blade Insects in the south.
"Meng Changjun, long time no see." Luo Zheng reached out and cupped his hands towards Meng Changjun.
Speaking of which, the Family Zhuge had sent people to the south to kill Luo Zheng. Thanks to Meng Changjun's help, Luo Zheng still owed him a favor.
Meng Changjun looked at Luo Zheng and said, "No, ordinary outer disciples can't enter the Illusory Fish Pond. Brother Luo Zheng, have you entered the Xiantian Secret Realm?"
Luo Zheng nodded and smiled, "I just entered the Xiantian Secret Realm not long ago!"
"You've just stepped into the Xiantian Secret Realm. I'm afraid this Illusory Fish Pond is not suitable for you to cultivate." Meng Changjun shook his head. As he spoke, he took out a cowhide and tied his wet and messy hair together.
The deacon also nodded, "Although the rules of the Illusory Fish Pond state that all Xiantian lifeforms who have entered the Xiantian Secret Realm can enter the pond to cultivate, I generally don't recommend people below the Xiantian second stage to enter. Even if they have broken through the Xiantian second stage, the cultivation time should not be too long."
"Yes, last time, one of my younger brothers had just entered the Xiantian first stage and was in a hurry to enter the Illusory Fish Pond to cultivate. In the end, not only did his cultivation not increase, but he was also seriously injured because of the reverse flow of his Zhen Yuan," Meng Changjun also advised from the side.
Luo Zheng smiled slightly, "Thank you for your reminder, Meng Changjun, but this time I have already made up my mind. No matter what the situation is, I will enter the Illusory Fish Pond and cultivate."
Seeing Luo Zheng's resolute face, the deacon and Meng Changjun also understood that they would not be able to persuade him, so they did not say anything more.
"Well, since Meng Changjun has come out of the pond, can it be my turn now?" Luo Zheng asked the deacon.
The deacon nodded, "How long do you want to cultivate for your first time?"
"What is the shortest time?" Luo Zheng asked.
"Cultivating in the Illusory Fish Pond is measured in one hour. If you must try, I suggest you choose one hour." In the deacon's view, Luo Zheng should be a person who had a certain degree of confidence in his own strength.
However, he had seen too many people who could not persist in their cultivation, including some Xiantian seventh and eighth stage disciples.
No matter how he looked at it, the Xiantian first stage boy in front of him was still too weak.
Although the deacon was in the Blue Cloud Sect and deeply understood that one's cultivation level was not equal to one's strength, but there was no doubt that one's cultivation level was often linked to one's strength.
"If that's the case, then I'll choose two hours." Luo Zheng stood up from the stone bench after saying that.
"One hour?" The deacon and Meng Changjun were startled.
Finally, the deacon smiled and thought that it was good. People often understood the immensity of heaven and earth after experiencing it for themselves. After this boy entered the Illusory Fish Pond to cultivate, he would understand the horror of the Illusory Fish Pond.
Immediately, the deacon took away Luo Zheng's disciple card and temporarily detained it, then he let Luo Zheng go.
Luo Zheng followed the steps paved with large bluestone and walked up step by step. After about thirty steps, he reached the end of the path.
When Luo Zheng just stepped down from the bluestone steps, he heard a burst of fierce sound of a waterfall.
"Well, this design is a bit strange." Luo Zheng was curious and once again stepped down from the steps. At this moment, Luo Zheng was standing on the steps and the sound of the waterfall disappeared completely. When Luo Zheng just stepped down from the steps, the sound of flowing water once again roared in his ears.
"Interesting, this must be the illusion of a sound barrier set up by the senior of the Blue Cloud Sect. It is only one step away, but the sound entering my ears is completely different." After trying several times, Luo Zheng stepped down from the steps and continued to walk forward.
In front of him was a platform and in front of him was a waterfall flowing straight down.
The waterfall was not high, only about thirty to forty feet high. Compared to the waterfalls of the famous mountains and rivers in the Eastern Region, the waterfall in front of him was too small. But what was unusual was that the sound of the water falling from the waterfall into the deep pool was extremely loud.
The sound of the water hitting the surface of the water could be described as earth-shattering. Standing in front of the waterfall, it was as if there were thousands of soldiers and horses roaring at him.
Being able to become the Secret Practice Place of the Blue Cloud Sect, it really had its merits.
Luo Zheng walked to the side of the deep pool and stretched out his hand to touch the clear water on the edge of the pool. Suddenly, he understood why the water was making such a loud sound.
Although the water looked clear and transparent, the feeling was completely different when he touched it.
When he stretched out his fingers to touch it, he felt that it contained layers of coldness, as if it wanted to freeze Luo Zheng's fingers.
"Zi …"
A stream of True Essence circulated in Luo Zheng's arm and immediately expelled the coldness from his hand.
Not only was the water bone-chilling, but when Luo Zheng cupped a handful of water, he suddenly found that the water was surprisingly heavy!
"Rumor has it that the water in the depths of an extremely cold place is about ten times heavier than ordinary water. That kind of water is called 'heavy water'. Could the water in the Illusory Fish Deep Pool be heavy water?"
Such heavy water would certainly produce extremely heavy water pressure. Coupled with the strong coldness in the heavy water, it would be very difficult to cultivate.
It could be imagined that entering this deep pool would bring a heavy burden to the cultivator.
Luo Zheng did not waste too much time at the edge of the deep pool.
Two hours was worth two hundred points, which was four hundred square crystals. It could really be described as an inch of gold.

Chapter 166
The heavy water in this deep pool was extremely viscous.
When Luo Zheng jumped into the water, he didn't make much of a splash. Only a ripple appeared on the surface of the water, and then he slowly sank into the water.
Very quickly, Luo Zheng discovered that his diving speed was extremely slow. When Luo Zheng had drilled about one meter into the pool, he discovered that he couldn't go any further. The buoyancy of the heavy water was astonishing.
"I need to adjust my breathing and try to dive down in a vertical position." Thinking of this, Luo Zheng changed his posture. His whole body was facing down, and he waved his hands. Only then did he dive down at a slow speed.
After a martial artist entered the Viscera Refining Stage, their five viscera and six bowels would undergo a qualitative change. The air would automatically circulate in their lungs, allowing them to enter a state of tortoise-like breathing.
Therefore, when Luo Zheng took a deep breath on the shore, it was enough for him to support himself for a long time.
"Gudong, gudong …"
Although the heavy water in this deep pool was viscous, it was extremely clear. Even after sinking about one zhang, the surrounding scenery could still be seen clearly.
Previously, according to the introduction of the Illusory Fish Deep Pool, this Illusory Fish Deep Pool was almost bottomless. It was said that the Divine Reflection Stage martial artists of the Blue Cloud Sect had once dived three hundred meters into it, but no one had ever reached any deeper than that.
According to the areas that had been explored so far, there were a total of ten layers.
The first layer was thirty meters from the surface of the water. The second layer was thirty to sixty meters, and so on. After three hundred meters, there were ten layers.
This was the first time that Luo Zheng had entered the Illusory Fish Deep Pool to train. He didn't set a fixed goal for himself, but after deducting so many points in the past two hours, Luo Zheng would certainly make good use of it.
"Let's see what depth I can reach!"
Luo Zheng waved his hands, parting the layers of heavy water in front of him, and slowly pushed his way down.
After diving about twenty meters, not far from where Luo Zheng was, suddenly, a yellow thing slowly approached.
Luo Zheng focused his eyes and saw that it was something with a fish head and a human body.
"Illusory fish person!"
Before coming to the Illusory Fish Deep Pool, Luo Zheng already had a certain understanding of this deep pool.
A large illusory formation had been set up around the Illusory Fish Deep Pool. This enormous formation had been built around the Illusory Fish Deep Pool for a long time.
Because it was an ancient illusion array, it was said that the consumption of crystal stones was also quite astonishing. Thirty years ago, some people in the Blue Cloud Sect felt that this ancient illusion array consumed too much crystal stones. They wanted to stop using the Illusory Fish Pond as a secret place to save money.
However, that person's proposition was strongly opposed by many Blue Cloud Sect disciples.
This was because many Xiantian life forms felt that cultivating in this deep pool of Illusory Fish was extremely effective. Many Xiantian life forms had cultivated in this deep pool of Illusory Fish, and only then were they able to proudly break through their shackles.
................. but...................................... s.............
. The yellow Illusory fish person was holding a black spear in its hand. It swam nimbly in the heavy water.
All fish people were natural swimmers. Their skin had a thin layer of sticky mucous membrane. It was this membrane that allowed them to come and go freely in the water. Moreover, they had two gills on their huge fish heads, which allowed them to survive on the shore and absorb the oxygen in the water.
After the yellow fish person discovered Luo Zheng, its frog-like legs kicked hard in the water, and it rushed toward Luo Zheng. At the same time, it held the black spear in its scaly hands and stabbed toward Luo Zheng.
Luo Zheng's figure moved very slowly in the heavy water.
At this moment, he saw the black spear piercing towards his body. However, it was extremely difficult for him to dodge it.
He waved his hands, trying to avoid the fish person's attack by quickly diving down.
But even after waving his hands dozens of times, he only managed to dive two meters.
Compared to the nimble fish person, who only took a breath to swim a few zhang in the heavy water, Luo Zheng's speed could be described as that of a turtle.
The black spear in the fish person's hand cut through the layers of heavy water and aimed directly at Luo Zheng's body.
Just as the spear tip was about to stab Luo Zheng, Luo Zheng suddenly moved his body in a hurry.
His entire body curled up like a fried prawn.
Luo Zheng's curling up abruptly avoided the fish person's black spear.
After avoiding the yellow fish person's spear, Luo Zheng rolled in the heavy water. While dodging, he made a counterattack. Most martial artists would do this.
Luo Zheng thought that while rolling, he would be able to reach out and catch the fish person.
But when he turned around and slowly reached out in that direction, he found that there was nothing in front of him. The fish person just kicked its pair of frog-like legs and quickly left Luo Zheng's attack range.
Seeing this scene, Luo Zheng's face showed a trace of a bitter smile.
If he was on the shore, it would be as easy as lifting his hand to get rid of the fish person.
However, in this heavy water environment, it was extremely difficult to do so.
This was also the significance of the Illusion Fish Deep Pond. It used the high intensity of the heavy water pressure to suppress martial artists and entangle them with the fish person in the deep water.
In the beginning, these martial artists might not be able to adapt. Their movements were clumsy and slow, and they might even be injured in this Illusion Formation.
But as the martial artists gradually adapted to the pressure of the heavy water and constantly overcame the difficulties of moving in the heavy water, their use of power and comprehension of fighting would have a qualitative leap.
Especially when the martial artists left the heavy water and returned to the shore, they would feel a burst of relaxation.
After the fish person swam forward for a while, it turned around and rushed toward Luo Zheng again.
"No, if this goes on, I won't be able to do anything to the fish person!" Luo Zheng deliberated in his heart and frowned slightly.
Luo Zheng's expression changed slightly. He gently flicked his finger, and the Heavenly Demon True Essence shot out along his finger. The Heavenly Demon True Essence carried a little bit of starlight and slowly spread in the heavy water.
The Heavenly Demon True Essence did not spread quickly in the heavy water, and Luo Zheng strangely found that his control of the Heavenly Demon True Essence was not as casual as it was outside.
In this deep pond, there were countless small turbulence and whirlpools. Under the influence of these turbulence and whirlpools, the Heavenly Demon True Essence was quickly divided and flowed in all directions.
Soon, under the guidance of the water flow, the Heavenly Demon True Essence spread out into a large irregular net.
But this large net could not effectively stop the fish person. On the contrary, the fish person nimbly shuttled back and forth in this large net, and once again raised the black spear and rushed toward Luo Zheng …
＝＝＝＝＝

Chapter 167
Luo Zheng found it difficult to move in the heavy water.
The pressure of the heavy water was one of the problems, and the other problem came from the irregular turbulence and whirlpools in the water.
Every time Luo Zheng wanted to move horizontally or even to the side, not only would he be obstructed by the turbulence, his own movement would also stir up even more turbulence, causing the water around Luo Zheng to become even more chaotic.
"The speed of the water flow …"
Luo Zheng focused his gaze on the True Essence.
After the Heavenly Devil True Essence lost control of Luo Zheng, it drifted with the flow and gradually spread out.
At the same time, it also drew out the turbulence that was difficult to detect with the naked eye.
"If I go against the flow, I'll fall back if I don't advance, then what about following the flow?"
Luo Zheng's mind moved, and he decided not to resist the flow of water, but to follow the flow of water drawn by the Heavenly Devil True Essence.
Beside Luo Zheng, the flow of water carried the Heavenly Devil True Essence forward. This flow of water was rapid, and seeing the yellow fishman's spear getting closer and closer, Luo Zheng didn't have time to think. He slightly shifted his body, and his whole body was pulled into the flow of water.
After Luo Zheng's body entered the flow of water, his whole body was pulled along by the flow of water. In an instant, he was pulled along the flow of water for a distance of seven or eight meters.
Even though the yellow fishman's speed was very fast, Luo Zheng was pulled away by the flow of water just now, so he easily dodged the yellow fishman's spear.
The yellow fishman was obviously familiar with the turbulence in the pond. After its attack missed, it turned around and entered the turbulence as well. It followed the current and rushed toward Luo Zheng.
Because the fishman was much more nimble than Luo Zheng in the water, the fishman and Luo Zheng were wrapped in the same flow of water, so the fishman's speed was also a bit faster than Luo Zheng's!
"Damn it, if I use the same flow of water, the fishman's speed is still faster than mine!"
Luo Zheng followed the flow of water. When he looked back, the fishman's speed was twice as fast as his, and it was fiercely attacking him with the black spear in its hand.
This time, Luo Zheng's body was in the turbulence, and there was no way to dodge. He could only watch as the black spear stabbed toward him.
But at this critical moment, from behind Luo Zheng, a whirlpool of turbulence suddenly swept over. That whirlpool of turbulence swept over, and directly cut off the flow of water behind Luo Zheng, while at the same time sucked the fishman into it..
The merman was caught in the whirlpool and could only stare at Luo Zheng as it spun. It was getting further and further away from Luo Zheng.
Seeing this scene, Luo Zheng could not help but sigh at how close it was. Fortunately, at the critical moment, there was a whirlpool turbulence.
Being able to avoid the murloc's pursuit could only mean that his luck was good, but this did not solve the fundamental problem.
Training in the Illusion Fish Deep Pool, one must be able to freely shuttle through the heavy water. Otherwise, even if you were a top-notch expert, you wouldn't be able to display much power.
"What I encountered, others will also encounter it. I just don't know how they can overcome this difficulty." Luo Zheng regretted that he didn't ask Meng Changjun before.
In terms of information, Luo Zheng was far inferior to Meng Changjun and the other nobles. They had a huge network of connections, and their information was far more up-to-date than Luo Zheng's. Before coming, they only needed to inquire a little bit to obtain the basic skills, as well as how to deal with it.
"They have others to teach them the skills, but the first person to enter the Fantasy Fish Pond didn't have a third person to teach him. So he must have comprehended it on his own. Since the first person to enter the pond could comprehend it on his own, then I can do the same!"
Thinking of this, Luo Zheng once again slowly released his True Essence. The Heavenly Demon True Essence flowed along the flow of water, like oil floating in the water, and spread everywhere.
At this moment, apart from having a certain protective effect on Luo Zheng, the True Essence didn't have much room to play.
While releasing his True Essence, Luo Zheng saw a school of small fish swimming over from not far away. The fish's head was a little scarlet, and the rest of their body was silver-white.
These small fish were easy to recognize. They were the "Red Dace" that could be eaten in the entire Eastern Region.
The school of Red Dace swam freely in the water. In comparison, their movements in the water were much more agile than the fishmen, and they weren't affected by the flow of water at all.
To them, moving from one stream of water to another was something they could do with just a flick of their tails.
"Swaying? Tails? "
Seeing the swimming posture of the Red Dace, Luo Zheng's heart was slightly moved.
Fish relied on the swaying of their tails to generate thrust, allowing them to move nimbly in the water.
The yellow fishmen, on the other hand, used their legs to generate a force to move forward. They could also swim quickly in the water, but their speed and flexibility were much slower than the Red Dace.
As for Luo Zheng himself, he relied on his hands, feet, and even his body to move clumsily in the water. Sometimes, when Luo Zheng was in a hurry, he didn't even advance, but instead retreated …
He didn't have the frog-like legs of the yellow fishmen, but he could imitate the Red Dace.
After entering the Xiantian Secret Realm, it wasn't too difficult for Luo Zheng to transform his True Essence.
When warriors cultivated their True Essence, they only needed to constantly visualize it to be able to transform it into the shape they wanted.
Many warriors, after practicing a special cultivation method, would often follow the method in the cultivation method to visualize a certain object.
For example, Wang Yanmiao cultivated the Lotus Treasure Mirror, a heaven-class cultivation method. She visualized a lotus, and her True Essence condensed into the shape of a lotus, which was especially realistic and enchanting.
The Divine Reflection Realm expert in White Emperor City, Xu Xiu, cultivated a technique related to dragons. However, it was too difficult to find a dragon to visualize. Xu Xiu should have gone to visualize a dragon-shaped sculpture before finally transforming the vital essence in his body into a giant dragon.
In fact, according to the immortal in the immortal's abode, it wasn't wise for people in the Eastern Region to visualize in this way.
The shape of the True Essence wasn't important. What was important was the qualitative improvement of one's True Essence after visualization. Therefore, the Sun-Moon-Star Map that Luo Zheng had obtained from the immortal's abode didn't care what Luo Zheng's True Essence would turn into after visualization. The most important thing was the improvement of Luo Zheng's Heavenly Demon True Essence after visualization!
The longer one visualized, the more realistic the True Essence would become.
The shorter the visualization time, the worse the appearance and power of the object formed from True Essence would be.
At this moment, Luo Zheng wanted to use his True Essence to visualize the tail of a fish.
However, Luo Zheng didn't have anything to refer to. The school of Red Dace had already swum away, so Luo Zheng could only rely on his own memory to materialize his True Essence.
"Condense for me!"
Luo Zheng closed his eyes and released the Heavenly Demon True Essence at the same time. His mind was immersed in a deep fantasy. He was desperately searching his mind for his usual impression of the fish tail.
Under Luo Zheng's control, the Heavenly Demon True Essence quickly gathered together and constantly condensed into the shape he wanted according to Luo Zheng's imagination.
After a while, Luo Zheng opened his eyes and looked behind him. He wanted to see what the fish tail he had condensed looked like.
However, when he turned his head and looked, he was suddenly speechless.
How was that a fish tail?
Not to mention that it was lifelike, Luo Zheng didn't have enough time to visualize the fish. He only needed to visualize the general shape. Therefore, this "fish tail" didn't even have a color. It was just pure black.
Not only that, but the entire "fish tail" looked like it had been bitten by a puppy. The edges were bumpy and there wasn't a single part that was intact. There were also a few huge holes in the middle of the fish tail.
Luo Zheng tried to control the movement of the fish tail, but under his control, the fish tail did indeed move. However, the water flowed through the extremely irregular edges of the fish tail and the holes in the fish tail.
The effect wasn't good!
Although the movement of this crude fish tail did produce a small push force, it was too weak to solve Luo Zheng's current problem.
He could only try meditating again.
At this moment, there was a school of Red Dace on Luo Zheng's left that was surging towards him.
These Red Dace weren't afraid of people. The large school of Red Dace was bustling with activity, almost covering Luo Zheng.
On Luo Zheng's left, right, and side, there were almost all Red Dace.
Looking at these Red Dace, Luo Zheng thought to himself, "Using my own memories to visualize my True Essence isn't very effective. In that case, I might as well use a Red Dace as a reference to visualize!"
Thinking of this, Luo Zheng carefully extended his hand towards the Red Dace.
Fish's perception was extremely sensitive. Fortunately, Luo Zheng didn't release any killing intent. Many Red Dace didn't avoid Luo Zheng's hand and slithered past Luo Zheng's hand. Occasionally, they would even touch Luo Zheng's skin.
After Luo Zheng took a good look, he suddenly reached out and pinched a Red Dace in his hand.
That Red Dace was still moving its tail, trying to break free from Luo Zheng's hand. However, how could a small fish escape from Luo Zheng's strength?
When the other Red Dace saw that Luo Zheng had caught one, they immediately scattered. The dense school of Red Dace immediately ran away, leaving only the one in Luo Zheng's hand.
At this moment, Luo Zheng tightly stared at the Red Dace in his hand, seizing the opportunity to visualize.
He emitted the Heavenly Demon True Essence from his body and once again began to visualize his True Essence.
With a reference in front of him, visualizing was naturally much more convenient. After a while, the Heavenly Demon True Essence slowly condensed, condensing into a fish tail behind Luo Zheng.
Although the fish tail formed by the True Essence this time was still a monotonous purple-black, and its appearance was still terrible to look at, it was much more reliable than last time.
Luo Zheng controlled this fish tail to sway slightly and felt a huge push coming from behind him!
As the frequency of the fish tail's sway increased, the push became stronger and stronger. Luo Zheng's body was like those Red Dace, quickly moving in the water.
After Luo Zheng's speed increased, Luo Zheng passed through the turbulence and whirlpools in the water without being affected at all.
Luo Zheng's face revealed a trace of a smile. Then, he quickly shuttled back and forth in the water, adapting to this fish tail.
After shuttling back and forth like this for about the time it takes to burn a stick of incense, Luo Zheng's body was already quite agile. Although he couldn't compare to the Red Dace, Luo Zheng was now even faster than the fishman!

Chapter 168
Luo Zheng spent a lot of time going from the surface of the pond to two meters below the water surface. But now, Luo Zheng only needed to dive deep into the pond, and at the same time, he rapidly swung his fishtail. His body was like a sharp arrow shot into the water, pushing deeper and deeper into the pond.
In a short while, Luo Zheng dived 50 meters below the surface of the pond.
Just as he broke through 50 meters, three yellow dots appeared not far from him. The three yellow dots rapidly grew bigger. When Luo Zheng saw them clearly, he slightly narrowed his eyes. "Three fishmen!"
Previously, when facing a fishman in the pond, Luo Zheng was battered and exhausted. He could do nothing but passively run away.
But now, after discovering the three fishmen, Luo Zheng didn't choose to run away. On the contrary, he swung his fishtail and rushed towards the three fishmen.
After discovering Luo Zheng, the three yellow fishmen formed a triangle, one in front and two behind, and rushed towards Luo Zheng. They were still holding black spears in their hands, and the sharp spears were still gleaming with a faint cold light in the water.
Luo Zheng rushed towards them. Before approaching the fishman in the front, he suddenly twisted his body, and at the same time, his fishtail crazily flapped behind him.
Using the thrust of his fishtail, Luo Zheng circled around the fishman, and forcibly avoided the spear that was thrusting towards him. At the same time, he circled behind the fishman, and stretched out his hands to grab the fishman's huge head.
"Die!"
These fishmen's heads were the hardest, and had a thick natural carapace. But after Luo Zheng's hands fixed it, he was able to fully exert his enormous and unparalleled strength.
Luo Zheng exerted his strength, and forcibly tore the fishman's head apart!
After its entire head was torn apart, the fishman was definitely dead. In a short while, this fishman turned into specks of colorful light, and disappeared into the water …
The fishmen in the Fantasy Fish Pond were transformed by the ancient Fantasy Formation around the pond. They weren't real existences. Only the red carps could be counted as the original inhabitants of this pond.
After dealing with the first fish-man, the other two fish-men brandished their black spears from two different angles and stabbed toward Luo Zheng.
Luo Zheng's reaction speed was far faster than these fishmen's. It was just that he wasn't familiar with the water before, but now that he gradually grasped how to swim in heavy water, dodging the two spears was naturally not an issue. When he tore apart the first fishman's head, the tail behind his body already began to move, and he quickly floated upwards.
Luo Zheng immediately dodged the two black spears.
At the same time, Luo Zheng suddenly rotated 180 degrees in the water. Luo Zheng's head was facing downwards. Before the two fishmen could retrieve their black spears, Luo Zheng had already stretched out his hands to grab the two spears.
With a forceful tug, the two black spears were seized by Luo Zheng. At the same time, Luo Zheng stabbed the two spears at the two fishmen. With the sharpness of the black spears, the two fishmen were pierced through in an instant.
In the water, Luo Zheng couldn't hear the surrounding sounds clearly. He only saw the two fishmen emit colorful lights, and then they disappeared in front of Luo Zheng's eyes.
… …
Outside the Fantasy Fish Pond, Meng Changjun and that deacon were sitting on a stone bench, quietly waiting for Luo Zheng to leave the pond.
Actually, Meng Changjun originally had other things to do today, but now that he saw Luo Zheng enter the pond, he put his own matters aside for the time being.
When he was in the Southern Dragon Castle, Luo Zheng had already displayed a rather astonishing strength.
At that time, Luo Zheng hadn't entered the Xiantian Secret Realm, and hadn't become a Xiantian lifeform. However, the strength he possessed was something that even Meng Changjun didn't dare to underestimate.
Now that they hadn't seen each other for many days, Meng Changjun also wanted to see how far Luo Zheng had progressed.
"That Luo Zheng didn't listen to my advice. Although this Fantasy Fish Pond is an illusory formation, it's still under the high pressure of the heavy water. If he doesn't control it well, he may be injured." That deacon shook his head, but his eyes were fixed on a formation plate next to the stone bench.
There were many kinds of formations: illusory formations, killing formations, bewildering formations, absolute formations … …
Every formation had a different purpose. For example, illusory formations were set up to be used for cultivation and testing. The effect was the best, and also the most convenient.
All illusory formations had one thing in common: there was a formation plate to control and monitor the operation of the formation.
For example, when Luo Zheng was participating in the Bloody Mountain Trial, Zhong Ming had controlled the illusory formation to release that demon to chase after Luo Zheng.
The illusory formation plate next to the deacon had the same effect. That illusory formation plate could not only control the illusory fishmen inside, but could also monitor the location of the person inside the formation.
"Hey, this Luo Zheng encountered the first fishman. This fishman is chasing after Luo Zheng!" The deacon said while staring at the formation plate.
Meng Changjun also came over and looked at the formation plate. On the formation plate, there was a yellow dot that was rapidly approaching Luo Zheng.
Meng Changjun, who had just climbed out of the Fantasy Fish Pond, was most aware of how difficult it was to deal with the fishmen in the pond. When Meng Changjun entered the Fantasy Fish Pond for the first time, he received guidance and teachings from his family elders on how to deal with the fishmen. At the same time, he also took a Water Repelling Pill.
After taking this Water Repelling Pill, it could form a small Zhen Yuan membrane on the surface of Meng Changjun's body. With this Zhen Yuan membrane, his movement speed in the water could increase by 50%.
Even though he was fully prepared, when Meng Changjun encountered the first fishman, he was still in a very difficult situation.
After dodging a few times, he was stabbed by the fishman and was then forcefully sent out of the water by the illusory formation.
"Luo Zheng is not a descendant of a landowning household. Looking at his appearance, he doesn't seem to know much about the Fantasy Fish Pond. It's still a bit early for him to rush in rashly. I think he will most likely be killed out of the water by this fishman." Even if Meng Changjun thought highly of Luo Zheng, he still did not believe that Luo Zheng could avoid the fishman's attack when he had just entered the Fantasy Fish Pond.
Luo Zheng was a genius, but a genius was not omnipotent.
Soon, that yellow dot approached Luo Zheng, but slid past Luo Zheng's side.
"This kid is lucky. The fishman's first attack did not stab Luo Zheng." The deacon laughed. As a deacon, he had guarded the Fantasy Fish Pond for many years. Naturally, he had seen all kinds of situations.
Meng Changjun also nodded. "He was lucky to avoid it the first time, but now he must be flustered. It will be difficult for him to avoid it the second time!"
As soon as Meng Changjun finished speaking, he saw the yellow dot rush toward Luo Zheng again. However, Luo Zheng still dodged it.
Immediately after, the formation disk showed that Luo Zheng was moving quickly. The yellow dot chased after him. In the end, that yellow dot was actually shaken off by Luo Zheng.
"Hehe, this kid's luck is really extraordinary!" The deacon laughed dryly.
Meng Changjun did not speak. His gaze was still fixed on the formation disk.
In the end, the formation disk showed that Luo Zheng did not move much. Instead, he floated in the water in a daze.
"What is he thinking? Are you afraid to dive any deeper? " The deacon looked at the formation disk and frowned. Some people, for the sake of face and to prevent others from thinking that they could not last long in the Fantasy Fish Pond, simply dived into the pond, found a hidden place, and waited for time to run out.
After all, for some descendants of landowning households, face was much more important than the Blue Cloud Sect's points and Fang Jingshi.
Meng Changjun shook his head. "Luo Zheng is not a descendant of landowning households. He would not do that."
Of course, Luo Zheng wouldn't do such a thing. That sort of illusory face had nothing to do with him. Not to mention, although he had plenty of square crystals on hand and had tens of thousands of them, this wasn't the way to spend money. Even if it was 200 points per hour, Luo Zheng would still feel the pinch. Why would he waste time here?
This formation disk could only lock onto Luo Zheng's position. It could not see what was happening inside. Moreover, the school of Red Carps was not created by this illusory formation. Therefore, the formation disk could not detect the Red Carps. Therefore, Meng Changjun and the deacon naturally did not know that Luo Zheng stood motionless in the same place. In fact, he was adapting to the heavy water environment and thinking of a way to deal with it.
When Luo Zheng began to move again, the formation disk showed that Luo Zheng's speed had increased explosively in an instant!
"This, this …" The deacon's eyes suddenly widened. Looking at Luo Zheng's speed of movement in the Illusory Fish Pond, he was so shocked that he could not speak.
Meng Changjun also had a shocked expression. Although he stayed behind, he was indeed curious. At the same time, he had some faint expectations of Luo Zheng. He felt that Luo Zheng was very likely to do something beyond his expectations.
Luo Zheng's speed of movement in the heavy water had indeed exceeded Meng Changjun's expectations. Moreover, it had greatly exceeded his expectations!
This speed of movement was too terrifying!
Not to mention that this was the first time Meng Changjun had entered the heavy water. Even now, Meng Changjun could not reach this speed.
The small dot representing Luo Zheng on the formation disk moved extremely quickly. Then, it rapidly approached the three yellow dots representing the Fishmen. In an instant, the three yellow dots disappeared from the formation disk.
After seeing this scene, Meng Changjun and the deacon both fell silent.
At this moment, the shadow of the needle on the sundial next to them had only moved half a scale. Only half an hour had passed.

Chapter 169
The deacon's words were an instinctive reaction. However, he remembered clearly that this was the first time Luo Zheng's disciple card had been registered with him.
He was sure that this was the first time Luo Zheng came to the Fantasy Fish Pond to practice.
Compared to Meng Changjun, this deacon was even more shocked.
The Fantasy Fish Pond was not only targeted at Xiantian lifeforms.
Because from the surface of the pond to the depth of 300 meters, there were ten different levels of difficulty.
Generally speaking, Xiantian lifeforms could at most complete the first five levels, which was to dive to a depth of about 150 meters.
The Fantasy Fish Pond's heavy water was much heavier than ordinary water.
And the deeper one dived, the higher the water pressure was.
At 10 meters, the water pressure was only about 250 kilograms, but at 30 meters, it was about 2000 kilograms, and at 100 meters, it reached a terrifying several tens of thousands of kilograms.
150 meters was the limit of Xiantian lifeforms.
Moreover, when Xiantian lifeforms practiced in the Fantasy Fish Pond, not only did they have to resist the terrifying water pressure, they also had to face those mermen in the illusion formation.
And the mermen's strength also increased with the depth of the pond.
The yellow Fantasy Fish Man at the top was the weakest among the mermen, about the same as a Level Four merman, and about the same as a half-step Xiantian human.
And at the depth of 30 to 60 meters, there would be yellow mermen, as well as a kind of light blue merman that was smaller in size but faster in speed.
The blue merman's strength was about the Xiantian Realm Level One.
Further down, 60 meters, there would be even more powerful murlocs.
Therefore, generally speaking, even a Xiantian Realm Level Nine expert would find it difficult to break through the limit of 150 meters.
However, there was no lack of various geniuses in the Blue Cloud Sect.
It was said that 200 years ago, there was indeed a genius who dived to a depth of 190 meters with the strength of a Xiantian lifeform. Generally, only Divine Reflection Realm experts could dive to that depth.
That genius could be said to be unprecedented, but at that time, his strength was also at the Xiantian Realm Level Eight.
After killing the three mermen, Luo Zheng did not stay for too long, but continued to dive.
With his current speed, he could control the fishtail on his back and dive down rapidly.
But this time, Luo Zheng did not come to the Fantasy Fish Pond to pursue the depth of the water. His main purpose was to practice.
After breaking through 60 meters, some more blue mermen appeared in the surrounding waters.
The weapons in the hands of these blue mermen were some kind of hand axe made of animal bones. Compared to the yellow mermen, the blue mermen were smaller in size, especially their fish heads, which were flat and sharp!
The blue mermen were faster and had more explosive power.
If Luo Zheng hadn't condensed that fishtail, he probably wouldn't have been able to last one round against this blue fishman.
However, at this moment, he was still able to maintain a certain advantage in terms of speed against these Blue Mermen!
At the same time, six mermen Xiantian Realm Level mermen........
Although Luo Zheng's speed was much faster than the blue murlocs, it was not easy to shake them off so easily.
"Rumble …"
Seeing that the distance between them and Luo Zheng could not be shortened, the blue mermen behind him threw the hand axes in their hands.
The hand axes made of animal bones spun in the water, creating a dense bubble, unceasingly cutting the water and sweeping toward Luo Zheng.
Six hand axes, three of them went toward Luo Zheng's back, while the other three blocked Luo Zheng's way.
"These blue mermen are far more ferocious than the yellow mermen, and their reactions are also much faster. It seems that it is almost impossible to get rid of them by relying on speed alone. Let's try this!" Luo Zheng took out the broken throwing knife from the sumeru ring.
After entering the pond, Luo Zheng did not use any weapons.
After all, the environment in the water was completely different from that in the air, and his throwing knife always had the advantage in speed.
If he lost the advantage in speed, the throwing knife's power would be greatly reduced.
The broken throwing knife was as sharp as ever. Even in the water, with the sharpness of the throwing knife, it could quickly cut through the heavy water's barriers.
However, the heavy water still had a great influence on the broken throwing knife. Luo Zheng's throwing knife only hit one of the hand axes, and then its power was reduced, and it was swept away by the turbulence.
However, after cutting through one of the hand axes, it opened a gap for Luo Zheng, and Luo Zheng broke out of the encirclement through that gap.
Luo Zheng's strength was far beyond that of the blue mermen, but compared to the hand axes they threw, the power of the broken throwing knife was much smaller. Why was that?
He thought about this question while getting rid of the pursuit of the blue mermen.
Luo Zheng noticed that the hand axes themselves were nothing special. They were just ordinary animal bones.
However, after the hand axes were thrown, they were constantly rotating, and in the high-speed rotation, countless tiny bubbles visible to the naked eye were produced.
After those bubbles wrapped around the hand axes, it seemed to have greatly increased the speed of the hand axes in the water.
"Bubbles?"
How did these bubbles come about? Is it because of the rotation of the hand axes?
If it is rotation, I can also do it.
Luo Zheng gently bit his thumb, and the broken throwing knife that was swept into the water automatically came back.
When the throwing knife was thrown out by Luo Zheng again, it also started to rotate.
However, the speed of the broken throwing knife's rotation was not slower than that of the hand axes, but other than stirring up a group of whirlpools in the heavy water, it didn't produce any bubbles. After a while, the throwing knife stopped rotating due to the resistance of the water.
"It seems that the hand axes didn't produce bubbles because of the rotation, but seemed to use some other method!"
In order to solve this doubt, when the blue mermen attacked Luo Zheng again, he dodged the other hand axes, and unexpectedly reached out to grab one of the hand axes.
Just as Luo Zheng's hand touched that hand axe, he suddenly felt a sharp pain in his hand.
His face suddenly changed, and he quickly retracted his hand.
Then he saw that there were many small wounds on his hand.
If it wasn't for his body being as hard as a spirit weapon, at this moment his whole hand would have been crippled.
"So that's how it is!"
At this moment, Luo Zheng finally understood why these hand axes were able to produce so many bubbles.
It turned out that when the hand axes were rotating, they were constantly vibrating at an extremely fast speed, and because of this constant vibration, they were able to produce so many bubbles!
After being wrapped in these bubbles, the hand axes seemed to be rotating in the air, and their speed was a lot faster!
However, how did they manage to make the hand axes vibrate?
At this moment, Luo Zheng was not in a hurry to dive down. The purpose of entering the Illusory Fish Deep Pond was to practice. If he could learn some ability in the Illusory Fish Deep Pond, the points spent would be worth it.
Luo Zheng used his speed to create a space between himself and the blue mermen.
Although these hand axes were a threat to Luo Zheng, they were not fatal. Moreover, even if Luo Zheng was really killed by them because of his own mistakes, he would not die in the illusion array, and would only be sent to the surface of the Illusory Fish Deep Pond.
After keeping a certain distance from the blue mermen, Luo Zheng lured them to use their hand axes to attack him.
The moment the blue merman attacked, Luo Zheng suddenly saw clearly that its short and vigorous claws became blurred in a flash.
At the same time, the hand axes in its hands also became blurred.
"Sure enough, the moment it threw out the hand axes, the merman's claws were vibrating at an extremely fast speed!" Luo Zheng stared at the merman closely.
At the same time of vibration, a large number of tiny bubbles suddenly emerged. After the bubbles formed a certain number and wrapped the hand axes, the merman threw out the hand axes.
The world was big, and there were all kinds of strange things. All kinds of strange flowers, strange grasses, birds, and beasts all had their own abilities.
Strictly speaking, this blue merman was not a particularly powerful creature, but it also had its own special ability.
Many creatures were unable to vibrate at such a high frequency, but it was able to achieve this by relying on its strong and powerful forelimbs.
It was difficult for an ordinary human body to increase the frequency of vibration to such a terrifying level.
But Luo Zheng's body did not have this problem.
First, his body was much stronger than ordinary people, and could bear the negative effects of vibration on his body. Second, his right hand was inlaid with a phoenix soaring crystal, which could greatly increase Luo Zheng's speed.
Now that he had understood the root of the vibration, Luo Zheng's figure flashed in the water, avoiding the hand axes that were shot at him. At the same time, he pulled back the broken throwing knife, tightly holding it in his hand.
The energy of the phoenix soaring crystal escaped from his arm, and along the meridians in his arm, it spread all over his arm.
"Vibration?"
Luo Zheng slightly narrowed his eyes, and his right arm began to swing up and down.
At first, the amplitude of his swing was relatively large, as if he was waving his arm.
But soon, his swinging motion became smaller and smaller, and the movement distance became shorter and shorter.
As the amplitude of his swinging motion became smaller and smaller, the speed also became faster and faster!
After a while, Luo Zheng's entire arm gradually became blurred. Although it was clear that it was his arm, because of the extremely high speed of vibration, it was difficult to see clearly with the naked eye.
At the same time, a large number of fine bubbles began to be produced along Luo Zheng's arm.
"Rumble, rumble …"
Luo Zheng's arm was like a piece of boiling water. Once the rolling bubbles were produced, they immediately floated to the top of the deep pool.
In addition to Luo Zheng's arm, the broken throwing knife in his right hand was also vibrating at a very high frequency.
"Hit it!"
At the same time of the high-speed vibration, Luo Zheng suddenly threw out the broken throwing knife!
"Rumble …"
Naturally, the sound of breaking air couldn't be heard in the water, but when the broken throwing knife flew out, it dragged out a series of fine bubbles.
At this moment, the speed of the broken throwing knife had increased by more than ten times.
The flying knife's speed was only a little slower than in the air, but in the heavy water, its speed was already astonishingly terrifying!
At this moment, the hand axes thrown by the blue fishman suddenly paled in comparison.
Not far away, the blue fishman didn't expect that Luo Zheng could copy its technique in such a short time. When it saw the flying knife wrapped in a series of bubbles flying towards it, it kicked its frog-like legs and wanted to escape.
Of course, Luo Zheng wouldn't give it a chance. Although the blue fishman had avoided the flying path of the broken throwing knife, Luo Zheng just stretched out his hand, and the broken throwing knife was suddenly pulled in an arc, cutting towards the blue fishman, cutting the blue fishman into a little shining light spot …
＝＝＝＝＝

Chapter 170
After mastering this method of using vibration to increase his speed, dealing with the remaining blue fishmen was a lot easier.
After several shuttles, these six blue fishmen were cleanly killed by him.
Taking back the throwing knives in his hand, Luo Zheng quietly floated in the deep pool, overlooking the bottom of the pool. Without thinking much, Luo Zheng continued to dive down.
At this moment, Luo Zheng had forgotten that the two hours he had agreed upon was almost up.
"Six blue fishmen were also killed by him …" On the stone bench outside the Fantasy Fish Pool, the deacon had already been shocked for a long time, and his expression was somewhat sluggish.
At this moment, it was Meng Changjun who was indifferent.
After returning from the south, Meng Changjun had been in closed-door training until now. After his strength had greatly improved, he came to the Fantasy Fish Pool to train today.
Even after his strength had greatly improved, Meng Changjun could only dive to a depth of seventy meters under sufficient preparation. If he encountered more blue fishmen below, Meng Changjun would not be able to cope.
But Luo Zheng had dived deeper than him on his first try, and had even killed six blue fishmen. Luo Zheng could only be described with the word "abnormal".
However, Meng Changjun did not feel the slightest bit dispirited. Although Luo Zheng's performance was indeed quite discouraging, Meng Changjun himself was already on good terms with Luo Zheng, and had also made Luo Zheng owe his Meng Family a favor in the south.
With Luo Zheng's cultivation speed, his future strength would certainly not be underestimated. Thinking of what Luo Zheng had said to him, perhaps in the future he could really help the Meng Family solve a lot of problems.
Therefore, the better Luo Zheng's performance was, the higher Meng Changjun's expectations were.
At this time, another group of people came up along the bluestone slab.
There were about seven or eight people in that group, and all of them wore black robes. Obviously, they were all inner sect disciples.
In fact, those who came to the Fantasy Fish Pool to train were basically only inner sect disciples. To be more certain, basically only gentry children.
Outer court disciples were not strong enough and could not go down at all. Even for inner court disciples, there were very few who could afford so many points to cultivate in the Fantasy Fish Pond.
"Old Cao, is there anyone else in the Illusory Fish Pond?" A green-faced young man in the lead asked from afar.
The deacon's surname was Cao. Most of the people who were familiar with him called him Old Cao.
When Deacon Cao saw the outer sect disciple, he quickly stood up and said with a smile, "Young Master Pei Hen? There are still people in the Illusory Fish Pond, but the two hours he set are almost up. "
Pei Hen? When Meng Changjun heard this name, he frowned slightly.
The seven landowning households schemed against each other.
However, no matter how fiercely they fought in the dark, they were at least harmonious on the surface.
However, the Pei family of Wei River and the Meng family of Wang Chuan had never been on good terms.
This person called Pei Hen was also a direct descendant of the Pei Clan, and had the same status as Meng Chang Jun. However, this Pei Hen was older than Meng Chang Jun, and his strength was naturally much stronger than Meng Chang Jun. He had already stepped into the Xiantian Full Circle realm, and was only a step away from the Divine Reflection realm.
Presumably, Pei Hen had also been using this time to break through his shackles and step into the Divine Reflection realm.
The Pei and Meng families had never been on good terms, and Meng Chang Jun was not afraid of Pei Hen. However, at this moment, his expression was indifferent as he sat to the side, as if he did not see this group of people.
The youth called Pei Hen slowly walked up and stared at the illusory formation in Deacon Cao's hand, asking, "How much longer do we have to wait?"
"Young Master Pei Hen, that person went in at one in the afternoon. Look at the needle on the sundial, that person went in at one in the afternoon and will come out at five in the afternoon. The time is almost up, and he should be coming out soon," Deacon Cao said respectfully, clearly showing great respect for this Pei Hen.
This was also because the Pei family had many elders who held important positions in the Blue Cloud Sect. One of them was even Deacon Cao's immediate superior. If Deacon Cao wanted to be promoted in the future, he would have to rely on the Pei family.
Pei Hen glanced indifferently at the sundial and the shadow needle on it, saying, "The time is up. Hurry up and call him out!"
"Young Master Pei Hen, please wait a moment. Since you're already here, a quarter of an hour won't make a difference!" Deacon Cao knew that Pei Hen was an impatient person, but there were people in the illusory fish pond. He could not possibly drag Luo Zheng out now.
Seeing this, Young Master Pei Hen nodded and gestured for the group behind him to sit down.
After a while, Deacon Cao stared at the formation plate and frowned, saying, "It's almost time. Luo Zheng still has no intention of coming out?"
Meng Changjun looked at the formation plate and saw that Luo Zheng was still diving deeper. Just now, he seemed to have encountered a few waves of fishmen. Now, he had already reached a depth of 90 meters. Did this kid not have a limit? At a depth of 90 meters, the pressure of the heavy water was extremely great.
If it was an ordinary person, they would have been crushed into a meat patty by the water pressure.
Even a Xiantian lifeform would find it difficult to resist the invisible pressure. However, it seemed that Luo Zheng was still diving.
Meng Chang Jun was also very curious as to how deep Luo Zheng could dive. He said to Deacon Cao, "Maybe he wants to test his limit!"
"But the time is up. There are still people waiting outside …" Deacon Cao was also somewhat anxious at this moment.
As a deacon of the Blue Cloud Sect, he had very good foresight.
He was very clear about Luo Zheng's potential. Such a stunning performance was rare even in the Blue Cloud Sect. If he was given time to grow up, he would certainly become a famous big shot in the future. Deacon Cao could only try to curry favor with him now.
However, he was even more clear about Young Master Pei Hen's temper.
A descendant of a great aristocratic family simply did not know how to reason with others.
Moreover, Pei Hen had had conflicts with other people before. At that time, they were arguing about who should enter the illusory fish pond first. They had fought here and caused a huge ruckus. Pei Hen's temper was very bad.
Making him wait for 15 minutes today was already giving him enough face.
At this moment, Pei Hen's face was already showing displeasure. Usually, it was others who waited for him. When did he have to wait for others?
"That brat still hasn't come out? Deacon Cao, didn't you say it's 5 in the afternoon? It's already 5 in the afternoon. "Pei Hen said in a deep voice.
Deacon Cao said with a smile, "Wait a little longer. Just wait a little longer. He should be out soon!"
Pei Hen suddenly stood up and said, "There's no need to wait. Since the time is up, use the formation plate to force him out!"
"This …" Deacon Cao's face showed an awkward expression. If he really used the formation plate to force Luo Zheng out, he would offend Luo Zheng. However, if he did not listen to Pei Hen, he would also offend Pei Hen.
If he offended Luo Zheng, at most, he would be in a bit of trouble in the future. After all, Luo Zheng's current status as an outer sect disciple was not enough to threaten Deacon Cao. However, if he offended Pei Hen, he would go back and greet his elders. His days in the Blue Cloud Sect would be very difficult.
After weighing the pros and cons, Deacon Cao quickly made a choice. He had to choose the lesser of two evils. There was no other way. He could only offend Luo Zheng.
Thus, he opened the formation plate and extended his finger. He was about to activate the formation and directly pull Luo Zheng out of the Illusion Fish Pond.
However, before he could touch the formation plate, Meng Changjun stopped him and said, "Deacon Cao, is there a need to be in such a hurry?"
"But, but …" Hearing Meng Changjun's words, Deacon Cao felt a headache coming on. Although this Meng Changjun was amiable, he was also a member of the seven noble families. Wei River's Pei family was not to be trifled with. Could it be that the Forgotten River's Meng family was easy to deal with?
Pei Hen's cold gaze swept across Meng Changjun. Actually, he had seen Meng Changjun the moment he came up and naturally recognized him as a member of the Meng family.
It was just that the Pei and Meng families had always been at odds. It was still alright between the elders. They would still maintain proper etiquette when meeting each other. It was just that there were hidden meanings in their words.
However, the tempers of the younger generation of the Pei and Meng families were not so easily controlled. In different places in the imperial capital, there had already been several disputes and fights.
Thus, when Pei Hen saw Meng Changjun, he acted as if he did not see him.
He was here to cultivate today and did not want to have a conflict with Meng Changjun. Everyone just turned a blind eye and minded their own business.
However, Pei Hen did not expect that Meng Changjun would dare to find trouble with him first when he did not provoke him.
This Meng Changjun's strength was far inferior to his. If they really fought now, this kid would definitely be at a disadvantage. Thinking of the Meng family's arrogant appearance, Pei Hen thought to himself, 'If this kid really doesn't know what's good for him, I'll make him suffer today!'
"Meng Changjun, it's time for me to cultivate. What's wrong? If that kid inside continues to stay here, I'll keep waiting here? "Pei Hen asked in a deep voice.
Meng Changjun shook his head, "The person inside is my friend. He has no intention of taking up your time. However, he set a time limit of two hours. Now, it's not enough. It's okay. The extra time can be deducted from my points."
Pei Hen's eyes revealed a trace of cold light, "Deduct your points? Do you think you can deduct as you wish? Deacon Cao, what do you say? "
Deacon Cao's face was full of worry. He looked at Pei Hen and said to Meng Changjun, "Young Master Meng, it's better to let your friend come out. After all, his time has arrived!"
"What? Can't I add more when the time is up? I have plenty of points here. You can deduct as much as you want. Not to mention two hours, even if it's twenty hours, I can still afford it! You can keep deducting until Luo Zheng comes out! "Meng Changjun's face sank.
Although Meng Changjun was usually amiable, when he was really angry, he was also very unyielding.
This could only make Deacon Cao suffer. He was in a dilemma and did not know what to do. He wanted to activate the array, but seeing Meng Changjun's expression, he did not dare. On the other hand, he wanted to persuade Pei Hen, but that was even more impossible. He understood Pei Hen's temper better.
"Heh, it's said that the Meng family knows how to judge the situation. I think Meng Changjun is still lacking in this aspect!" Pei Hen stared at Meng Changjun and sneered. An aura slowly dissipated from his body. Although the Xiantian Full Circle realm was not comparable to the Divine Reflection Realm, it was only a step away!

Chapter 171
Last time, Pei Hen had also made a move here. However, Pei Hen's opponent was a child of a small noble family and not one of the seven major noble families. Ordinary noble families couldn't be compared to the seven major noble families. Therefore, Pei Hen had no choice but to beat them up. At most, the elders of the family would apologize and those small noble families would have to give them face and swallow their anger.
But Meng Changjun was different. Behind him stood the Meng Family of Forgotten Creek! Like Pei Hen, they were part of the seven noble families. If Pei Hen really made a move, it would bring about a lot of trouble.
But Pei Hen was such a person.
Every martial artist had an obsession.
Some people's obsession was to "possess". This kind of strong possessiveness would give them enough drive to break through the shackles of cultivation.
Some people's obsession was to "give in". They were particular about tolerating.
But Pei Hen's obsession was to "not tolerate". No matter when, no matter where, he would only care about his own rights. As for others, they could only stand aside. It was difficult for him to tolerate!
Even if Pei Hen tolerated it, his thoughts would be obstructed, and it would even affect his speed of cultivation!
Even at this moment, Pei Hen knew that it was unwise for him to touch Meng Changjun, but he could no longer tolerate this. Therefore, Pei Hen no longer cared about big trouble. He had to teach Meng Changjun a lesson right now.
Meng Changjun was not the kind of person who would allow others to take advantage of him. Although there was a certain gap between his strength and Pei Hen's, which noble family's disciple did not have a life-saving measure?
"This … We can discuss this peacefully. We can sit down and talk. There's no need to be like this …" Warden Cao felt that his scalp was about to explode. He did not expect the two of them to start a fight.
According to the rules of the Blue Cloud Sect, fighting in the Blue Cloud Sect was a very serious matter.
Unfortunately, both of them were descendants of the seven noble clans and had deep backgrounds. If they were to cause a ruckus, it was very likely that Deacon Cao himself would be the most troublesome one. Because no matter which side won, the loser would vent their anger on Deacon Cao.
"There's no need to talk about it. The Meng Family has been getting more and more arrogant lately. Last month, they even wanted to dip their fingers into the Pei Family's elixir pill business. However, they were stopped by two elders of the Pei Family. If we continue to tolerate the Meng Family, I'm afraid they will climb all over the Pei Family!"
As Pei Hen spoke, he pulled out a long sword in his hand. It seemed that today, not only was he going to fight, but he was also going to see blood.
"Whoosh!"
Meng Changjun also unsheathed his treasured sword. Although his cultivation level was not as high as Pei Hen's, in a battle between gentry clans, it was always about losing the battle but not losing the battle. Moreover, cultivation level did not represent everything. If he, Meng Changjun, revealed all of his trump cards, he might not be completely defeated in front of Pei Hen.
The few people behind Pei Hen merely stood by the side and silently watched the commotion without saying a word.
If it was someone else, such as Pei Hen facing Luo Zheng and the others, they would have already swarmed over. However, Pei Hen's opponent was Meng Changjun, so it was not suitable for them to intervene. Because once an outsider intervened in a battle between gentry clans, the situation would often become more troublesome. They might even get burned, and the Pei Family would not be able to protect them!
Just when the battle was about to break out, Luo Zheng jumped out of the Fantasy Fish Pond. The Heavenly Demon True Essence circulated from his body and instantly cleared the cold Qi in his body. At the same time, the True Essence continued to circulate on the surface of Luo Zheng's body, emitting heat and evaporating the water on his clothes.
Therefore, from head to toe, Luo Zheng was emitting bursts of white steam, as if his whole body was a steamer.
Just as he jumped out of the Fantasy Fish Pond, he felt two great murderous auras coming from the side.
"Strange, why would someone fight here? This is the Blue Cloud Sect. Aren't they afraid of offending the sect rules? "Luo Zheng stepped out of the Fantasy Fish Pond and walked towards the other side.
After coming down, Luo Zheng saw that Meng Changjun and another person were confronting each other. The other person was stronger than Meng Changjun in terms of Qi Power and Realm. Seeing this scene, Luo Zheng's face suddenly sank and he quickly stepped forward.
"What's going on? Meng Changjun, who is he? "Luo Zheng asked coldly.
When Deacon Cao saw that Luo Zheng had finally come out of the Fantasy Fish Pond, it was as if he had met his savior. He quickly said, "Luo Zheng, Luo Zheng, right? They are about to fight, you have to persuade them! "
"Why would they fight?" Luo Zheng was still somewhat puzzled. He had only cultivated in the pond for a little more than an hour. Why would Meng Changjun have a conflict with him?
Although Luo Zheng was clear about Meng Changjun's character, he was not angry under normal circumstances. He had a good temper and was easy to get along with. However, once he got angry, he would be very stubborn.
But what did the person opposite him do to provoke Meng Changjun?
Deacon Cao quickly explained, "Ah, Luo Zheng, the person opposite is the young master of the Pei Family. Just now, you have exceeded the time limit in the pond. According to reason, I should use the formation plate to invite you out of the pond. However, Meng Changjun said to let you stay a little longer, but that young master Pei Hen did not allow it. The two of them began to argue like this. You have to go and persuade them.
If they fight, it will not end well. "Deacon Cao originally thought that Luo Zheng was not a member of the Shi Family and did not want to be involved in the dispute between the Shi Family. If he explained the ins and outs of the matter to Luo Zheng, Luo Zheng would be very" wise "to persuade Meng Changjun. After all, Luo Zheng was Meng Changjun's friend and should be easier to talk to.
Meng Changjun was not Pei Hen's opponent. If his friend persuaded him, he should be able to use this opportunity to get out of the situation and not really make a big deal out of it.
However, Deacon Cao was wrong. He had misjudged Luo Zheng's character and even Luo Zheng's strength.
Luo Zheng heard Deacon Cao's explanation and nodded. He understood what had happened. Although Deacon Cao did not explain it in detail, Luo Zheng could imagine what that guy called "Pei Hen" had done.
"Go, Luo Zheng. Go and persuade Meng Changjun. I also want to persuade Pei Hen!" Deacon Cao said.
Luo Zheng nodded and walked forward to stand beside Meng Changjun.
When Meng Changjun saw Luo Zheng come out, his heart calmed down a little.
In fact, Meng Changjun did not think that Luo Zheng had the capital to fight with Pei Hen. But he did not know why, but he had an inexplicable sense of trust towards Luo Zheng. It was as if he had the qualifications to touch any strong person.
"That boy over there, this matter has nothing to do with you. I suggest that you do not get involved in the affairs of our landowning households." Pei Hen looked at Luo Zheng and slowly said.
Seeing that Luo Zheng, who was only at the Xiantian first stage, had been practicing in the Fantasy Fish Pond for an hour, he was also somewhat curious.
However, he was curious, but he could not figure out how a Xiantian first stage boy could practice in the Fantasy Fish Pond. Perhaps Luo Zheng had really entered the pond, or perhaps he had found a corner to hide, and was simply unable to dive into the depths of the pond?
Pei Hen did not want to think too deeply about this problem, but he did not put this Xiantian first stage boy in his eyes. Even his admonition was vaguely for Luo Zheng's sake.
Hearing Pei Hen's words, Luo Zheng shook his head and the corners of his mouth curled up slightly. "Meng Changjun is my friend. Since he is my friend, I have no reason to sit idly by. What's more, I just heard that you want to drive me out of the Fantasy Fish Pond?"
Luo Zheng's attitude was somewhat tough. Obviously, he wanted to help Meng Changjun. At this time, Pei Hen did not have any scruples. If Luo Zheng had the strength of a Divine Reflection expert, Pei Hen might have some scruples. But when had he ever been afraid of a Xiantian life form? With his Xiantian peak realm, it was difficult to find an opponent among Xiantian life forms. Therefore, Pei Hen forced a smile and said: "Yes, so what? I came to practice in the Fantasy Fish Pond, so others will have to obediently make way for me. "
"Is that so?" Luo Zheng stared at Pei Hen with an indifferent look. Suddenly, the corners of his mouth cracked open and he said with a smile: "I was thinking, what are you? You want me to make way for you? "
Oh my god! Hearing Luo Zheng's words, Deacon Cao's head was about to explode. He felt a bitter taste in his mouth.

Chapter 172
Could it be that Luo Zheng didn't know who he was facing? Or perhaps he didn't know the strength of the seven noble families? He didn't seem to put Pei Hen in his eyes at all.
Deacon Cao was somewhat regretful. He should have explained more to Luo Zheng about Pei Hen's identity. He should have made him understand that the noble families were huge monsters that couldn't be provoked.
But after a while, Deacon Cao understood that his explanation was useless. Luo Zheng clearly knew Pei Hen's status and didn't put him in his eyes at all!
Hearing Luo Zheng's words, Meng Changjun's eyes revealed a trace of surprise. To be honest, he was somewhat moved that Luo Zheng was standing beside him at this time. After all, Luo Zheng knew that he was helping him just now. Facing a Xiantian Full Circle powerhouse, he didn't hesitate at all and stood beside him without thinking.
But Luo Zheng was too arrogant. He didn't put Pei Hen in his eyes at all ….
When he was in the south, Meng Changjun had seen Luo Zheng's arrogance.
At that time, Luo Zheng wasn't a Xiantian lifeform. He was only a half-step Xiantian, but he dared to use a soul attack to injure the Xiantian stage four He Tiancheng. He even scolded He Tiancheng for showing off in front of an expert!
But now, the person he met was as different as heaven and earth from He Tiancheng.
First of all, the difference in strength between Luo Zheng and Pei Hen was even greater than the difference in strength between Pei Hen and He Tiancheng!
Moreover, Pei Hen's background was completely different from He Tiancheng's. He Tiancheng's background wasn't deep, and he also climbed up from a small village. But Pei Hen was different. He was the legitimate son of the Wei River's Pei family!
At that time, He Tiancheng was forced by Meng Changjun's background and Gou Hantian's pressure to endure.
But now?
What was the benefit of angering Pei Hen?
At this moment, Pei Hen's expression underwent a strange change. His jade-like face suddenly turned blood-red. Obviously, he was extremely angry. But the strange thing was that this blood-red color suddenly disappeared from his face. At the same time, a dense red mist appeared from the top of his head.
Immediately, his expression returned to normal.
Evidently, Pei Hen used an extremely peculiar cultivation method to dispel his anger.
His anger had subsided, but it didn't mean that he would forgive Luo Zheng. Many martial artists would use special methods to vent their dissatisfaction in order to maintain a normal state of mind.
For example, when some people were angry, they would laugh crazily. Some people would cry desperately, and some people would even do some crippling actions. These were all ways to calm their mind.
However, Pei Hen's method was extremely unique. It was as if by circulating his cultivation method, he was able to directly expel the blood that was gushing towards his head, allowing him to remain calm.
Only when he was calm could he think of the best way to deal with the situation.
Pei Hen was indeed pondering. Although his heart of martial arts was' unable to bear ', this did not mean that he was a reckless man.
There were only a few people in the Sky-Scorching Dynasty who had the guts to say such insolent words in front of him. Furthermore, each of them had a powerful background. When he saw Luo Zheng acting so boldly, he began to guess Luo Zheng's identity.
No matter what this brat's background was, Pei Hen would not let this matter go. However, the way he dealt with this matter was very different. Although the Seven Major Aristocratic Families had outstanding authority, there was still someone above them. Although Pei Hen was arrogant, he was not ignorant.
"Who are you? Tell me your name! " Pei Hen stared at Luo Zheng and asked. His eyes revealed layers of ferocity. If it wasn't for the fact that he was uncertain about Luo Zheng's identity, he would have already made his move.
Luo Zheng was about to speak when Meng Changjun stepped forward and stopped Luo Zheng.
Meng Changjun was very grateful that Luo Zheng was willing to stand up for him. However, Meng Changjun was also worried that if Luo Zheng was thoroughly involved in the conflict between the Meng Clan and the Pei Clan, it was very likely that he would fall into the abyss of eternal damnation. Therefore, Meng Changjun wanted to protect Luo Zheng at this moment.
"Pei Hen, it doesn't matter who he is. Today, if you want to fight with me, then come at me!" Meng Changjun said.
Luo Zheng said in a clear voice: "I am Xiao Yufeng's outer disciple, Luo Zheng!"
Surnamed Luo, and he was the last outer disciple of Xiao Yufeng … …
A trace of anger rose in Pei Hen's heart. At this moment, he had a feeling that he was being toyed with.
This brat was obviously just an outer disciple with no background, and his strength was only at the Xiantian first stage. His strength was nothing to be afraid of, but what qualifications did this brat have to dare to be so arrogant in front of him?
Thinking that he had been very careful and cautious just a moment ago, the anger in his heart was even more difficult to suppress.
"Good, very good, now these worms from small places are getting more and more arrogant. To deal with these worms, I can only use my strength to crush them into pieces!" The last trace of scruples completely disappeared, and because of this inexplicable scruples, the anger in Pei Hen's heart became even more intense. At this time, he decided to attack.
Seeing that Pei Hen was about to attack, Meng Changjun's heart sank.
Even though Meng Changjun's strength had advanced by leaps and bounds, but facing Pei Hen, who was at the peak of the Xiantian realm, he was simply not on the same level.
How astute was Meng Changjun's mind? He could see the scruples in Pei Hen's eyes. Just now, he had intervened to protect Luo Zheng, and on the other hand, he wanted to use Pei Hen's scruples to temporarily stabilize Pei Hen. However, not only did Luo Zheng not appreciate his kindness, but he also told Pei Hen his identity.
This was equivalent to telling Pei Hen that he had no background or backing, and that he was just an ordinary person. If he had the guts, then come and kill him! Now that Pei Hen wanted to attack, how could Meng Changjun stop him? Alas, although Luo Zheng's talent was outstanding, he did not know how to judge the situation. Meng Changjun sighed in his heart.
A light blue Quintessential Essence circulated around Pei Hen's body, and the treasured sword in his hand was already unsheathed. The treasured sword was as thin as a cicada's wing, and its entire body emitted a light blue glow. The moment the sword was unsheathed, the sound of the sword was light and long. It was obviously a good sword!
After unsheathing the sword, Pei Hen did not pause at all. Streams of Quintessential Essence danced with his treasured sword, and the Quintessential Essence wrapped around the treasured sword, condensing into drops of water.
This was the Wei River's Pei Family's 《Raindrop Sword Technique》. This sword technique was not only ruthless and fierce, but also extremely resilient.
Although according to the ranking of cultivation techniques, this sword technique was classified as an Earth-class cultivation technique, as a sword technique that was not passed down to outsiders, it was said that it was entirely a matter of ranking. The 《Raindrop Sword Technique》 could definitely be classified as a Heaven-class cultivation technique!
Pei Hen swung his treasured sword towards Meng Changjun and Luo Zheng. At this moment, he had already made up his mind.
Meng Changjun was a member of the Meng Family, so he could not kill him. However, he could ruthlessly teach him a lesson. As for the arrogant brat beside him, he would definitely take his life today.
Under Pei Hen's sword, countless water droplets sputtered out. Under the sunlight, these water droplets reflected sparkling light, forming a dense net that shot towards Luo Zheng and Meng Changjun.
These water droplets formed by Quintessential Essence looked no different from ordinary water droplets. However, both Meng Changjun and Luo Zheng knew that they absolutely could not touch these water droplets!
"Luo Zheng, get out of the way!"
Meng Changjun's expression was focused as he held the treasured sword in his hand. He pointed it straight at the water droplets, and black and red sword beams as thick as a thumb continuously shot out.
Every time a sword beam exploded a water droplet, an extremely cold energy would erupt from the water droplets. In an instant, the water droplets would expand into balls of ice, and heavily smash into the ground. Even the hard bluestone slabs would shatter into powder after being smashed by these balls of ice.
These water droplets only exploded in the air, but they already had such amazing power. If they exploded on the body, who knew what kind of effect it would have?
Meng Changjun's sword speed was extremely fast. The sword beams constantly shot out, causing the water droplets to explode.
However, Pei Hen released even more water droplets. Even if Meng Changjun instantly destroyed dozens of water droplets, there were still hundreds of water droplets flying towards Meng Changjun.
However, Meng Changjun almost had no other choice. At this moment, he had no time to care about anything else. He could only wave the treasured sword in his hand to the extreme, trying his best to destroy these water droplets!
Just as Meng Changjun was focused on exploding those water droplets, Luo Zheng suddenly grabbed the back of Meng Changjun's clothes. Caught off guard, Meng Changjun's entire body was pulled by an irresistible force, and he fell straight to the back!
At this moment, Luo Zheng was the only one facing the swirling water droplets.
＝＝＝＝＝

Chapter 173
Every droplet of water contained a powerful cold energy.
Just by condensing the water in the air, it could form such a powerful ice ball.
If one was hit by these water droplets, the result could be imagined!
After the closed-door training, Meng Changjun's strength had advanced by leaps and bounds, reaching the Xiantian fifth stage.
But after being thrown by Luo Zheng, he was thrown more than ten feet away!
Meng Changjun got up from the ground and wanted to help, but when he saw Luo Zheng standing in the same place, motionless like a mountain, a strange feeling arose in his heart.
Did he really have the confidence to fight against Pei Hen?
Luo Zheng was not a reckless person. Although in Meng Changjun's opinion, Luo Zheng's several outbursts in the Dragon Castle Tavern and in the barracks were not very rational, because his opponents were stronger than him.
But every time, Luo Zheng had a backup plan, and he really only did this when he had the confidence!
"This time, his opponent is Pei Hen. Does Luo Zheng think that his strength is stronger than Pei Hen?" Meng Changjun did not believe his own inference.
Meng Changjun was very clear about the difference between Xiantian first stage and Xiantian Full Circle. Deacon Cao was also very clear about it, and Pei Hen was even clearer about it! Because they all started from the Xiantian first stage and walked step by step.
But why was Luo Zheng so confident?
For a person to have such confidence, either he really had the strength or he was a blind idiot.
Luo Zheng was obviously not an idiot, so did he really have the strength?
"Huhuhuhu!"
Facing the sprinkling water droplets, Luo Zheng impressively brandished his fists in the air.
Luo Zheng brandished his fists and scattered in front of Luo Zheng, forming a defensive barrier.
That purple-black Heavenly Demon True Essence, under the illumination of the light, reflected a trace of demonic light, and within the Heavenly Demon True Essence, there was a little bit of sparkling starlight power, exuding a little bit of azure color.
"You want to use trifling True Essence to resist my cold water droplets? In your dreams!" Pei Hen sneered.
Behind the streams of Heavenly Devil Vital Essence, Luo Zheng's expression was calm. At this moment, he was also very serious.
Although Luo Zheng had the confidence to deal with all the Xiantian creatures, the strength of a Xiantian Full Circle warrior was infinitely close to that of a Divine Reflection warrior. Moreover, the disciples of the Blue Cloud Sect had always been much stronger than those who cultivated outside.
When the first water droplet easily broke through the barrier of the Heavenly Demon Vital Essence, Luo Zheng had already sensed it.
However, he still restrained himself and waited for an opportunity.
Soon, more and more water droplets entered the Sky Demon's Quintessential Origin Energy and covered Luo Zheng without any resistance.
Some cold water droplets were already very close to Luo Zheng. They were less than 1 m away from him. The cold intent released by those cold water droplets made Luo Zheng feel the surrounding temperature plummeting. Even Luo Zheng's eyelashes and hair were covered with a thin layer of frost.
Luo Zheng still didn't move. His feet were like wedges nailed to the ground.
Just when most of the cold water droplets had entered the range of the Sky Demon's Quintessential Origin Energy, Luo Zheng suddenly shouted a word, "Explode!"
"Buzz …"
The power of the stars in the Sky Demon's Quintessential Origin Energy made a peculiar sound when it exploded. The annihilation energy was released in an instant, and at the same time, it affected the starlight around it.
"Buzz buzz buzz buzz …"
More and more starlight exploded at the same time.
One by one, little by little …
From the point to the surface, and then from the surface to the entire Quintessential Origin Energy space arranged by Luo Zheng, a violent annihilation reaction was occurring.
When the starlight was annihilated, the energy released emitted a dazzling white light.
The brightness of the light was even more dazzling than the sun. It was almost impossible to look directly at it. Even if one stared at the white light for a while, their eyes would be blinded for a while. When they looked at other things, it would be a vast expanse of white, and it would take a while for them to recover.
Caught off guard, Meng Changjun, Deacon Cao, and Pei Hen were all dazzled!
Only Luo Zheng turned his head and closed his eyes the moment the annihilation energy exploded.
When Luo Zheng opened his eyes again, the Chilling Water Droplets had already been completely destroyed by his Quintessential Origin Energy. And at this time, Pei Hen still hadn't recovered from the dazzling white light.
Luo Zheng naturally wouldn't let go of such an opportunity.
Taking advantage of the fact that Pei Hen's vision hadn't recovered, Luo Zheng rushed towards Pei Hen like a cheetah running wildly on the prairie.
Pei Hen's eyes were blinded by the light, but it didn't mean that he couldn't fight back.
The mouth, nose, and ears of Xiantian lifeforms were very sharp, let alone Pei Hen, a Peak Xiantian powerhouse.
Even if he closed his eyes, he could still distinguish Luo Zheng's position.
But after witnessing Luo Zheng's strength, Pei Hen couldn't help but feel a little flustered.
He originally thought that Luo Zheng only wanted to use his Quintessential Origin Energy to form a shield and completely block his attack. If that was the case, then Luo Zheng wouldn't be far from death. The power of his Chilling Water Droplets was definitely more than that!
But Luo Zheng's method was more direct and even more violent!
He directly detonated his Quintessential Origin Energy, and the power of the detonation was so terrifying that it almost wiped out all his Chilling Water Droplets!
This was also the reason why Pei Hen was flustered. How could this kid's Quintessential Origin Energy erupt with such great power? The starlight contained within the True Essence burst out, and the power almost made his heart tremble!
But after all, Pei Hen was a Peak Xiantian powerhouse. To be able to cultivate to this level from a martial artist, his temperament had already undergone all kinds of tempering.
At this moment, he also understood that he absolutely couldn't panic. Not only could he not panic, but he also had to fight back at this time.
After Pei Hen grasped Luo Zheng's position, he relied on his intuition to form a sword. His sword, which was as thin as a cicada's wing, was almost bent to the point of breaking under the powerful wave. Then, suddenly, thousands of Chilling Water Droplets burst out!
No matter what, these Water Droplets should be able to block Luo Zheng's attack.
But Pei Hen still underestimated Luo Zheng's speed.
Previously, Luo Zheng didn't avoid those Water Droplets, not because he couldn't, but because he didn't want to!
But now, the situation was completely different. Now, he wanted to suppress Pei Hen to the greatest extent.
The Phoenix Soaring Crystal in Luo Zheng's right arm suddenly lit up, and a stream of energy flowed through his meridians, spreading throughout his body.
"Xiu!"
Luo Zheng's entire body blurred, as if he had turned into a gust of wind, instantly retreating from the area covered by the Chilling Water Droplets.
At this time, Meng Changjun, Deacon Cao, and Pei Hen's vision had already returned to normal. When they saw Luo Zheng's blurred figure, they almost thought that they were seeing things.
"So fast!" Meng Changjun couldn't help but shout.
Pei Hen also discovered that his gaze was completely unable to capture Luo Zheng's figure. Where did this brat go? Pei Hen's gaze swept around, and the sword in his hand was placed horizontally in front of his chest. He was always on guard against Luo Zheng's surprise attack.
Suddenly, Pei Hen felt a gust of wind coming from above his head. Almost like a conditioned reflex, he swung his sword upwards.
Luo Zheng, who was above Pei Hen, actually stretched out his palm and slapped towards Pei Hen's sword.
"Facing a white blade with bare hands?" Pei Hen was stunned, and then his face revealed a wild smile, "You're courting death!"
Pei Hen's sword was a middle-grade spirit weapon. Because the entire sword was made of "Beichen Steel", it could be forged to be extremely thin.
Pei Hen once sent this sword to his family's weapon workshop. When it was being forged, the weapon refiner used True Fire to burn the sword until it was red, and the sword was almost transparent! One could only imagine how thin it was! If an ordinary material was forged to be this thin, it would probably break with a touch. However, Beichen Steel was extremely tough, so it could be forged to such a thin level.
Because it was as thin as a cicada's wing, it was even sharper.
This brat actually dared to use his hands to block his sword. Then he would cut off this brat's hands!
Pei Hen's arm exerted strength, and with a shake of his arm, the sword suddenly shook, and the sword flew towards Luo Zheng's wrist to chop it.
However, Luo Zheng's face showed a slight smile. His right hand gently stretched out like lightning, and instantly grasped Pei Hen's sword.
"So fast!" Pei Hen couldn't figure out how Luo Zheng's speed could reach this level. Sometimes it was fast, sometimes it was slow. It was so strange that he couldn't predict Luo Zheng's movements. However, when the sword was grasped by Luo Zheng's fingers, Pei Hen didn't panic. Instead, he exerted strength, intending to pull the sword back and stab it again.
After all, he was holding the sword hilt, while Luo Zheng was only using two fingers to pinch the sword. Both of them were exerting different strength.
Moreover, if it was purely a competition of strength, Pei Hen believed that his strength was much greater than Luo Zheng's. After all, Luo Zheng was only at Xiantian first stage, while he was at Xiantian great circle. The strength of both of them was simply not on the same level.
However, with this pull, Pei Hen's complexion suddenly changed.
He couldn't pull the sword out of Luo Zheng's hand.
He pulled again, but the sword still didn't move. It was as if the sword was embedded in Luo Zheng's fingers!
Pei Hen's face was full of disbelief, as if he had seen a ghost.
Pei Hen had seen many people who were born with divine strength.
Some people were born with extraordinary strength. He had once seen a person who was only at Marrow Refining Realm, but the strength of his body was comparable to a half-step Xiantian master.
However, there was a limit to innate divine strength!
Even if the strength of the body was formidable, it couldn't be exaggerated to such an extent.
The strength of Xiantian first stage was completely different from that of Xiantian great circle. However, today, Pei Hen discovered that his point of view was broken by Luo Zheng.
Luo Zheng's strength was indeed much greater than his.
After a short period of shock, Pei Hen immediately urged the True Essence in his body.
He was absolutely not a person who would sit and wait for death. How could he lose to a Xiantian first stage boy? This was something he could never imagine!
The True Essence flowed from his arm towards the treasured sword.

Chapter 174
"Frost Seal! Condense! "
"Crackle!"
When the snowflakes reached the tip of the sword, they instantly exploded. Layers of ice crystals quickly condensed and wrapped around Luo Zheng's right hand. The ice crystals condensed at an extremely fast speed. Soon, half of Luo Zheng's arm and half of his body had been frozen!
Luo Zheng looked at the ice crystals on his right arm and frowned. He wanted to use his strength to shatter these ice crystals, but these ice crystals were not ordinary ice crystals. Even if Luo Zheng used the huge power in his mind, he still could not shatter these ice crystals.
"Hahaha, this Frost Seal is not ordinary ice and snow! The power of the seal is not something that can be broken by brute force! Brat, let's see how you break it this time! "Pei Hen sneered when he saw that his Frost Seal had succeeded.
Luo Zheng's face did not have the slightest trace of panic. Instead, he looked at Pei Hen with a calm gaze. There was even a trace of contempt in his eyes. Then, he waved his left hand. From his left hand, the blood jade crystal suddenly erupted with bright red energy.
"Puff!"
Luo Zheng punched his right arm with his left hand, leaving a blood-red mark on the layers of ice crystals that wrapped his right arm. Then, the blood-red mark spread out like a spider web.
Then, Luo Zheng's right hand exerted strength.
"Clang, clang, clang, clang …"
The Frost Seal on Luo Zheng's right arm and body shattered in an instant, turning into tiny ice crystals.
"How is this possible!" Pei Hen's eyes were full of disbelief.
This Frost Seal was an ability that Pei Hen was proud of. He had spent a lot of time and effort to cultivate this "Frost Seal". It was not until recently that he succeeded in cultivating it.
This was the first time that Pei Hen had used it against an enemy.
The reason was that Pei Hen thought this move would have a miraculous effect. His father had told him that this Frost Seal was very difficult to break. Only when one reached the Divine Reflection Realm and used the power of burning True Essence could it be broken. It was impossible to break it with other forces, even brute force.
Why did Luo Zheng only use one punch to break this Frost Seal?
What kind of monster was he?!
Pei Hen felt like he was going crazy. For someone as prideful as him, this was an unprecedented blow.
When facing such a monstrous genius, it was as if every single move and move of his had been seen through and seen through by Chen Xi, and he was unable to counterattack at all. Because once he counterattacked, then he would be walking towards defeat!
Am I really incapable? I thought I couldn't lose …
Pei Hen was extremely prideful, and it was this prideful heart that allowed him to climb up the martial path extremely quickly.
He was undefeatable. He was not allowed to fail. He was not allowed to lag behind others in any aspect.
However, at this moment, he was deeply frustrated by Luo Zheng and fell into an extreme state of mind.
It could also be said that his martial artist's heart had been broken by Luo Zheng.
But in his surroundings, a blood-red color burned in his eyes. His face suddenly became ferocious, and a wild voice shouted in his heart.
I will not allow myself to fail!
"If that's the case, then I'll kill you!" It was a fact that Pei Hen had suffered a crushing defeat at the hands of Luo Zheng, and the only way to deny this fact was to kill Luo Zheng.
Pei Hen might not be Luo Zheng's match based on his own strength.
However, how many of the descendants of the landowning clans, especially those of the seven major landowning clans, did not have a powerful life-saving trump card?
Pei Hen threw away the sword in his hand. Just as he was about to raise his hand, a golden pattern appeared on his palm. This Chiyou Saint Rune was his life-saving trump card!
The so-called Chiyou Saint Rune was actually a small array talisman. The Pei Family had paid a huge price to inscribe this array talisman in Pei Hen's hand.
It was to allow Pei Hen to use this array talisman as a last resort to counterattack.
In fact, Pei Hen was far from using the Chiyou Saint Rune. After all, it was not easy to obtain the Chiyou Saint Rune. Furthermore, his life was not in danger, and Luo Zheng did not want to take his life.
However, Pei Hen's martial heart was in a complete mess. He did not want to think about it, nor did he want to face it.
He only wanted to kill Luo Zheng. Only by killing him would Pei Hen be able to cross this hurdle.
Just as Pei Hen raised his hand, Luo Zheng kicked him in the head.
Luo Zheng naturally felt the terrifying power contained within the Chiyou Saint Rune. If Pei Hen really used it, even if he did not die today, he would be seriously injured.
Now that he was in the Blue Cloud Sect, he would not kill over such a small conflict. Therefore, the best thing to do was to knock Pei Hen unconscious!
After receiving Luo Zheng's heavy kick, Pei Hen only felt a white light flash in his head. He swayed twice before collapsing to the ground.
"Ah, Big Brother Pei Hen is lying on the ground!"
"What if something happens to Senior Brother Pei? What should we do?"
At this time, the few people who had been silent all this time suddenly shouted.
Although the inner disciples who came with Pei Hen could be considered as people with prestige, there was no lack of nobles among them.
However, their status was far from being comparable to Pei Hen and Meng Changjun, who were the direct descendants of the seven noble families.
Therefore, after the conflict between Pei Hen and Meng Changjun, they only retreated to the back. They were very clear about their fate after being involved in the dispute between the noble families.
However, they retreated because they did not want to be involved in the conflict between the Pei and Meng families. It did not mean that they did not care about Pei Hen's life or death.
They were very confident in Pei Hen's strength. Whether it was Luo Zheng or Meng Changjun's strength, in their eyes, they were not worth mentioning.
However, they did not expect that after Luo Zheng began to counterattack, the whole situation would suddenly change!
Pei Hen, who was at the peak of the Xiantian realm, was actually unable to withstand a single blow from a Xiantian stage one boy.
This was really too inconceivable … …
At this time, Pei Hen was lying on the ground and they did not know whether he was dead or alive. Naturally, they were worried.
However, with Luo Zheng standing at the side, this group of people only dared to shout, but did not dare to come closer.
Luo Zheng only glanced at these people indifferently. Fortunately, these people could see the situation clearly and did not dare to insult him. Otherwise, he would inevitably give them a slap.
Next to him, Deacon Cao silently came forward to check on Pei Hen's injuries. Seeing that Pei Hen was not seriously injured, he heaved a sigh of relief.
At this time, Deacon Cao understood that whether it was Meng Changjun or Luo Zheng, they were not people to be trifled with.
Therefore, Deacon Cao carried Pei Hen on his back and handed him over to the people who came with Pei Hen.
If it was an ordinary disciple fighting in the Blue Cloud Sect, it would be very easy for them to be expelled from the sect. Even if it was an ordinary noble family, they would not give face to this.
However, in contrast, the disciples of the seven noble families, especially the direct descendants of these noble families, were different. After all, the seven noble families were the seven pillars of the entire Burning Sky Empire. Although the Blue Cloud Sect treated them equally on the surface, it was a huge sect established in the Burning Sky Empire. Naturally, they would give some privileges.
For people like Pei Hen and Meng Changjun, as long as they did not cause any deaths, the Blue Cloud Sect would often turn a blind eye.
Today's confrontation had scared Deacon Cao half to death. In the end, it had ended with Pei Hen being knocked unconscious by Luo Zheng. Deacon Cao really did not expect the result … …
"I didn't expect that after leaving the Dragon Castle, your strength would increase to such a level … … with the strength of a Xiantian stage one, you defeated a peak Xiantian expert … …" Thinking about it, Meng Changjun felt that it was somewhat inconceivable.
Luo Zheng faintly smiled, "After leaving the Dragon Castle, I have indeed improved. However, compared to Meng Changjun, it is obviously still a long way off! I'm afraid the gap between us is getting bigger and bigger! "
What Luo Zheng was referring to was the improvement of the realm.
Compared to Meng Changjun, Luo Zheng's speed of improvement was indeed very slow. From the time he left the Dragon City until now, he had only stepped into the half-step Xiantian stage and reached the Xiantian stage one.
But in this short period of time, Meng Changjun had forcibly improved his realm to the Xiantian stage five stage. This speed could only make Luo Zheng gasp in amazement.
Luo Zheng was born with humble roots and relied on himself for everything. Therefore, the speed of his realm improvement was not very fast. After all, his strength was almost all honed in actual combat.
And since Meng Changjun had returned from the Dragon Castle, he had been in closed-door training.
His Meng family had specially provided a cultivation pagoda for closed-door training. Cultivating in the pagoda would yield twice the results with half the effort. Moreover, during cultivation, there were various kinds of elixirs to supplement one's cultivation. In addition, Meng Changjun's perception was originally extremely amazing. Meng family had also trained Meng Changjun as a core disciple. Therefore, in a short period of time, it was not difficult for his realm to advance by leaps and bounds.
Meng Changjun shook his head, "My realm has indeed improved, but if we talk about real strength, compared to Brother Luo Zheng, it is not you who is far behind me, but me who is far behind you!"
Realm was not equal to strength. In the world of warriors, this was almost a universally recognized truth.
There were many people who had a high realm but were unable to display even a fraction of their strength.
Meng Changjun was at the Xiantian stage five stage, so it was basically impossible for him to be Pei Hen's opponent. But Luo Zheng only relied on his Xiantian stage one cultivation to defeat Pei Hen.
"Brother Luo Zheng, are you still not an inner disciple?" Looking at Luo Zheng's attire, which was still wearing a white robe, Meng Changjun was somewhat speechless.
If it was in other mountain peaks, a living treasure like Luo Zheng would have been promoted to the inner sect long ago.
Luo Zheng shook his head, "I have not been promoted to the inner sect yet." Since Luo Zheng had entered the Blue Cloud Sect, he had only spent a small amount of time in the Sect. The rest of his time was spent running around, so he had indeed neglected this matter.
However, for Luo Zheng, the titles of inner and outer sect were just titles. After all, although he was now an outer sect disciple in Xiao Yufeng, because of Su Lingyun's existence, who would dare say that his treatment was worse than any inner sect disciple?

Chapter 175
Worry-Free Peak was ranked fourth among the 33 Peaks. It was also a Peak filled with experts. What's more, this Peak was dominated by the Meng Family. If Luo Zheng really went to Worry-Free Peak, not only would no one dare to target him, but he would also benefit a lot.
Luo Zheng shook his head. "No, it's not bad to stay in Xiao Yufeng. What's more, I have to trouble Meng Changjun to go to Worry-Free Peak. I don't think it's necessary."
To transfer Luo Zheng to Worry-Free Peak was an extremely difficult task for ordinary disciples. However, it was not a problem for Meng Changjun. He just had to ask someone to inform him. However, Meng Changjun understood the meaning of Luo Zheng's words. In fact, it was a tactful refusal. Meng Changjun did not insist.
However, he sighed. "Brother Luo Zheng has not been promoted to the inner core. I'm afraid he can't participate in the Peak Competition."
"Peak Competition?" Luo Zheng heard Meng Changjun's words and was slightly moved.
"Oh? Brother Luo Zheng, don't you know that the Peak Competition is going to be held? "Meng Changjun asked curiously.
Luo Zheng shook his head. He had indeed heard of the Peak Competition. It was held in the Blue Cloud Sect every three years. The rankings of the 33 Peaks in the Blue Cloud Sect were determined by the Peak Competition.
It was for this reason that everyone attached great importance to the Peak Competition. The ranking of the Peaks would directly affect the evaluation of the inner and outer core disciples, mentors, and a series of issues such as various benefits.
The most important thing was that three years was a period of time. Almost every three years, some disciples would stand out in the Peak Competition and become a dazzling new star.
"After the beginning of next year, the Peak Competition will be held as scheduled. With Brother Luo Zheng's strength, I believe you can get a good ranking in the Peak Competition. However, before that, you have to join the inner core of Xiao Yufeng to be qualified to participate." Meng Changjun thought for a while and said, "I don't know why Xiao Yufeng didn't promote Brother Luo Zheng to the inner core. Although an outer core disciple needs to participate in the annual outer core trial to be promoted to the inner core, Brother Luo Zheng's strength and realm are far beyond the ordinary outer core disciples. He should be promoted to the inner core. If someone suppresses Brother Luo Zheng because of Xiao Yufeng, you can tell me …"
Meng Changjun thought too much, but he did think for Luo Zheng's sake. After all, with Luo Zheng's current strength, it was indeed a little strange that he hadn't stepped into the inner core.
But in fact, it wasn't what Meng Changjun had guessed. Luo Zheng just nodded and thanked him, saying that he would try his best to step into the inner core and participate in the Peak Competition next year.
Luo Zheng wouldn't miss this kind of competition.
Not only would he be able to test his strength in the All-Peak Grand Competition, but it would also be a challenge to his own path of martial arts. What's more, he could stand out in the All-Peak Grand Competition and gain the true attention of the Blue Cloud Sect.
So far, the strength that Luo Zheng had shown had far exceeded that of his peers. However, on his way to the Blue Cloud Sect, he had provoked conflicts with the big families, or angered those Immortals in the Blue Cloud Sect.
He needed a real opportunity to show his strength, and this opportunity was very important for Luo Zheng!
"Thank you for your concern, Meng Changjun. I'm not as bad as you think I am on Xiao Yufeng. Before the Peak Competition, I will enter the inner core!" It was not a difficult thing for Luo Zheng to enter the inner core now.
Seeing that Luo Zheng played it down, Meng Changjun nodded and said, "But you offended Pei Hen today. He will definitely target you. In fact, I stopped you at the beginning because I didn't want you to get involved in the dispute between our families. Now, I'm afraid …"
Today, he was knocked out by Luo Zheng, which was a great shame for Pei Hen. With Pei Hen's character, he would definitely not let it go.
Because of Meng Changjun, Luo Zheng had made another big enemy.
After Meng Changjun finished speaking, Luo Zheng smiled and said, "Meng Changjun, I didn't get involved because of the dispute between your families. If I didn't take action today, Pei Hen wouldn't have let it go either. Would I have just watched you get humiliated by him?"
If Luo Zheng hadn't taken action at that time, Pei Hen would have definitely stepped on Meng Changjun.
Luo Zheng's words moved Meng Changjun's heart. Suddenly, he exhaled a heroic spirit from his chest and said, "Forget it. What's the point of thinking so much? It's my good fortune to be able to make friends with a friend like Luo Zheng! Our Pei and Meng Families don't get along with each other. If Pei Hen wants to target you! He would have to ask me, Meng Changjun! "
The dispute between families was never that simple.
There were real swords and spears on the table, and there were also hidden arrows that hurt people. If the Meng Family stood behind Luo Zheng, the other gentry families would have to think twice before making a move on Luo Zheng!
When they were in the Dragon Castle, although Meng Changjun was willing to help Luo Zheng, he didn't say these words.
Today, Meng Changjun was willing to take on everything. He really regarded Luo Zheng as one of his own.
Before saying these words, Meng Changjun must have thought about it. Luo Zheng didn't only offend Pei Hen. He also had a conflict with the Family Zhuge. So because of Luo Zheng, the Meng Family might even offend the Family Zhuge!
But Meng Changjun believed in his own vision. He believed that this decision was absolutely correct.
Although Luo Zheng understood that Meng Changjun was speaking from the bottom of his heart, from the bottom of his heart, he only regarded Meng Changjun as a friend. He didn't want to rely on him to climb up the Meng Family.
Along the way, Luo Zheng understood that the world's power could be borrowed at the right time. But in the end, it was still someone else's. Only his own strength was the real truth!
After leaving the Illusory Fish Pond, Luo Zheng continued to concentrate on cultivation.
Although Luo Zheng's current strength could even suppress a Xiantian Full Circle expert, Luo Zheng was still somewhat dissatisfied with the speed of his cultivation.
But cultivation was like this. From the half-step Xiantian realm to the Xiantian realm, this was a hurdle. After crossing this hurdle, the road ahead would be smooth.
Although there was also a small hurdle between the Xiantian first stage and the Xiantian second stage, the difficulty of crossing it would be much lower.
Although the difficulty wasn't high, it still required a cultivation environment.
For example, cultivating in the "Illusory Fish Pond" consumed points that ordinary people couldn't bear.
Even Luo Zheng found it difficult to bear. His disciple card didn't have many points. It could only support Luo Zheng to cultivate in the Illusory Fish Pond for sixteen to eighteen hours.
For the next few days, Luo Zheng would cultivate in the Illusory Fish Pond for two hours every day.
The first time he cultivated in the Illusory Fish Pond, Luo Zheng finally lurked to a depth of 130 meters. After entering that depth, Luo Zheng would encounter a kind of murloc that was entirely dark red in color.
The murloc's body was huge, and its eyes emitted a strange red light. As long as it swam, the water flow in the entire area would be disturbed by its huge body.
Although Luo Zheng could temporarily shake off the murloc by relying on his speed advantage, but at a depth of 130 meters, there were too many murloc. Even if Luo Zheng shook off one or two murloc, seven or eight more would appear.
One day, Luo Zheng tried to break through by force, but in the end, he was surrounded by the murloc and had no choice but to return.
Deacon Cao was almost numb to Luo Zheng's various performances in the Illusory Fish Pond.
Fortunately, Luo Zheng stopped at a depth of 130 meters. If Luo Zheng continued to dive and broke through 150 meters, or even 180 meters, then he would really break the Blue Cloud Sect's record.
However, the deacons of the Blue Cloud Sect, especially the deacons who guarded the surroundings of the major cultivation secret realms, were originally responsible for recording and reporting.
Luo Zheng's performance was qualified enough to be reported to the higher-ups. The higher-ups of the Blue Cloud Sect paid special attention to him, and even rewarded him with some cultivation resources.
Therefore, Deacon Cao recorded Luo Zheng's performance and submitted it to the higher-ups. If the higher-ups of the Blue Cloud Sect really saw these records and wanted to focus on cultivating Luo Zheng, then they would reward Deacon Cao with a merit.
According to Deacon Cao's prediction, it was impossible for the Blue Cloud Sect to not pay attention to a monstrous genius like Luo Zheng. Although the Blue Cloud Sect was full of talented people, for a major sect, there would never be too many genius disciples.
But what made him feel strange was that his report sank like a stone into the sea. There was no response, as if the higher-ups simply didn't pay attention to Luo Zheng.
According to Deacon Cao's judgment, this was absolutely impossible. Perhaps he had missed something in the letter he reported?
Thinking of this, Deacon Cao made a second report.
The result was the same as the first time. There was still no response or action from the higher-ups.
In the Blue Cloud Sect, it was not easy to get the position of a deacon. Deacon Cao was also an extremely intelligent person. He quickly discovered the strangeness.
"I reported twice, but the higher-ups didn't give me any explanation. This can only mean that someone in the higher-ups of the Blue Cloud Sect is targeting Luo Zheng." As for who it was and what their purpose was, Deacon Cao was too lazy to guess. No matter who it was, a small deacon like him couldn't afford to offend them. Therefore, Deacon Cao dispelled the idea of taking credit.
＝＝＝＝＝

Chapter 176
Blue Cloud Sect, Dinghu Mountain.
Dinghu Mountain was located in the middle of the Blue Cloud Sect. The mountain was steep and there was no way to climb up the mountain. It was almost impossible to climb up by hand. Only those who had reached the Divine Reflection Realm could fly or ride a Flying Chariot.
There were all kinds of splendid buildings on the mountain peak. It must have taken a lot of effort to transport so many materials up there and build palace-like buildings.
The entire Dinghu Mountain was located in a lake. The scenery was superb when one stood on the peak of the Dinghu Mountain and looked around. It was also the most leisurely place in the Blue Cloud Sect.
This was where many Perfected Persons of the Blue Cloud Sect resided.
At a corner of the peak of Dinghu Mountain, a long and narrow pavilion was built here. One side of the pavilion was stuck in the stone wall of the peak of the mountain. More than half of the pavilion was suspended in the air. If a person with acrophobia was in the pavilion, he would tremble.
An old man wearing a purple crown lifted a teacup inlaid with golden threads and took a sip of tea.
This old man was Perfected Person Zi Qing, one of the 10 Perfected Persons of the Blue Cloud Sect.
Just as he was sipping his tea, a stream of light rapidly approached from the horizon. Then, it stood at the edge of the pavilion. The person who came was also an old man. He was Venerable Tianqiong, who was ranked tenth among the ten great Venerables.
When Zhenren Tianqiong flew over, he stirred up a gust of wind that almost overturned the tea on the table.
"Tianqiong, why are you rushing over?" Zi Qing frowned slightly. Those who could become Perfected Persons had lived for hundreds of years. As they grew older, they became indifferent to worldly affairs. Therefore, most of the old people could settle down and live a carefree life. However, Tianqiong's fiery temper had not changed in the slightest after so many years …
"Humph, Zi Qing, guess what I found? It turns out that the identity of Luo Zheng, who was interrogated last time! "Tianqiong sneered.
"Luo Zheng? Is his identity that important? " Reverend Zi Qing was somewhat puzzled. Although the other Reverends were indeed unhappy because of Her Highness the Princess, this matter had already passed. Su Lingyun wanted to protect Luo Zheng, so this matter was more or less settled …
"This kid's surname is Luo. Don't tell me you've forgotten about the trial two years ago and the genius girl from Chongyang County?" Zhenren Tianqiong reminded him.
"Luo Yan?" Reverend Zi Qing remembers this name very clearly. In fact, even with Reverend Zi Qing's several hundred years of life, he has never seen such a gifted disciple. This Luo Yan is also surnamed Luo. Could it be? Reverend Zi Qing asked, "Are you saying that this Luo Yan has something to do with this Luo Zheng?"
Zhenren Tianqiong nodded. "That's right!"
Reverend Zi Qing laughed. "Hehe, this Luo Family isn't some great family, not even a landowning household. However, they produced two exceptional geniuses in a row. This is quite interesting."
The Blue Cloud Sect had countless geniuses, but there were also differences between geniuses.
Geniuses like Luo Yan and Luo Zheng, who appeared once in a thousand years, were truly rare!
Reverend Zi Qing then said, "However, what does this matter?"
Compared to Zhenren Tianqiong, Reverend Zi Qing didn't care much about these matters. In the past few hundred years, many things had been destroyed. The Blue Cloud Sect's enchanting juniors came in waves one after another. They had long seen too many of them.
"How is it unrelated? This kid came to save his younger sister! I found out that he had previously gone to Purgatory Mountain. His goal is most likely to save Luo Yan! "Zhenren Tianqiong said.
"As an older brother, wanting to save his younger sister is also normal. However, bringing Luo Yan out of Purgatory Mountain isn't that easy either …" Reverend Zi Qing said while shaking his head. He picked up the red sandalwood teapot again and slowly poured the golden orange tea into the teacups.
"This won't do! This Luo Zheng is so freakish, and he even cultivates a technique like the 'Demonic God Fist'. If he truly makes a name for himself in the future, he will definitely investigate what we did to Luo Yan back then. With his nature, how could he just let things go like this?! We have to suppress him before he makes a name for himself! "Zhenren Tianqiong indeed had some misgivings.
He was different from Reverend Zi Qing. He had truly fought against Luo Zheng before! That day, his palm was actually forcibly blasted apart by Luo Zheng. A Xiantian lifeform was actually able to block his palm. One could well imagine how shocked Zhenren Tianqiong was.
Later on, when he specifically investigated, he found out that Luo Zheng had entered the Heavenly Tome Pavilion and taken away the 'Demonic God Fist' that had been sealed away for many years. Moreover, he had even mastered the 'Demonic God Fist'!
He already had such strength when he was only a Xiantian lifeform. If he truly stepped into the Divine Reflection Realm, wouldn't he be no match for him?
If this kid one day stepped onto the path of green clouds and was chosen by the Cloud Hall, wouldn't he be at his mercy?
Zhenren Tianqiong's misgivings weren't without reason.
Luo Yan was Luo Zheng's reverse scale. That day on Xunming Mountain, he heard that Zhenren Tianqiong and Reverend Still Water were among the main culprits behind Luo Yan's banishment to Purgatory Mountain. Since then, he already had the intention to kill. However, his current strength was still insufficient, so he could only endure.
Reverend Zi Qing finished a cup of tea. With a wave of his sleeve, the exquisite tea set on the table disappeared without a trace.
"What you said makes some sense. However, there are countless geniuses in this world. How many of them can mature?" Reverend Zi Qing was still rather disapproving. The Blue Cloud Sect had hundreds of thousands of disciples. Among them, there were at least ten thousand geniuses. However, how many of them could truly mature?
"Is that so? Have you ever seen a Xiantian stage one brat block my 《World Extinguishing Palm》? "Zhenren Tianqiong asked in reply.
"This …" Reverend Zi Qing was momentarily at a loss for words. To be honest, when Zhenren Tianqiong said that Luo Zheng had blocked his palm, Reverend Zi Qing didn't really believe it. If he hadn't seen it with his own eyes, it would indeed be hard for him to believe.
However, Zhenren Tianqiong said it so confidently, so he had no choice but to believe it.
If Luo Zheng really had such ability, the hatred hidden in his heart might really be detrimental to the Blue Cloud Sect if he were to mature …
Reverend Zi Qing had no choice but to consider this factor.
"When that brat entered the Illusion Fish Pond for the first time, he dived more than a hundred meters deep. Have you ever seen a Xiantian stage one brat do that?" Zhenren Tianqiong asked again.
Reverend Zi Qing shook his head. Luo Zheng had indeed created many unimaginable things.
"Deacon Cao, who was guarding the pond, even reported several times that he wanted to fight for some rewards for Luo Zheng, as well as financial support from the Blue Cloud Sect. However, this matter was suppressed by me!" Zhenren Tianqiong sneered. "However, this can't stop him. I think, we must use some heavy methods to suppress him!"
"Heavy methods?" Although Reverend Zi Qing wasn't as proactive as Zhenren Tianqiong, he had always been calmer than Zhenren Tianqiong. At the same time, he would also come up with some special ideas. After thinking for a while, Reverend Zi Qing said, "Actually, there's an opportunity right now to suppress Luo Zheng."
"What opportunity?" Zhenren Tianqiong asked.
"The Peak Competition," Reverend Zi Qing said slowly.
If one wanted to make a name for himself in the Blue Cloud Sect, there was one way that was absolutely necessary, and that was the Peak Competition!
Although the Reverends also understood that Luo Zheng was only an outer disciple and wasn't qualified to participate in the Peak Competition, they also knew that with Luo Zheng's strength, it was only a matter of a few words for him to enter the inner gate.
In fact, with the strength of the Reverends, there was more than one way to get rid of Luo Zheng.
However, when they thought of Su Lingyun standing behind Luo Zheng without a care for anything, they felt a deep sense of dread.
Su Lingyun had the Emperor's Medallion, and the Reverends had to carefully weigh the weight of the Emperor's Medallion.
If the Reverends were to assassinate Luo Zheng, there would always be some clues left behind. With Su Lingyun's means, if she traced the clues back to them, they would be in big trouble.
However, the Peak Competition was different.
In the Peak Competition, the disciples of the entire Blue Cloud Sect would compete with each other for a ranking on the Master List. The competition was not only related to the ranking of the peak, but also personal ranking and reputation. The competition was very fierce.
If it was in the Peak Competition, it would be normal for a few people to die in the arena.
In every Peak Competition, there would always be some people who couldn't hold back and accidentally killed their opponents in the arena.
If Luo Zheng died in such an accident, even if Su Lingyun knew about their arrangement, she wouldn't have a suitable excuse to cause trouble for them.
With the means of the Reverends, if they wanted to make such an arrangement, they could do it without anyone knowing.
Zhenren Tianqiong immediately understood what Reverend Zi Qing was thinking when he said that.
There couldn't be a better time to play tricks in the Peak Competition. However, Zhenren Tianqiong still had some doubts. "What if Luo Zheng refuses to participate in the Peak Competition?"
With Luo Zheng's strength, he was indeed qualified to enter the Inner Gate, so naturally, he was also qualified to participate in the Peak Competition.
However, what if Luo Zheng refused to join the Inner Gate for some reason, and even had no interest in the Peak Competition? If so, their next step could only be a castle in the air.
"With this guy's character, it's impossible for him not to join the Inner Gate. Since Su Lingyun spent so much effort to cultivate Luo Zheng, she naturally hopes that Luo Zheng can get a good ranking in the Peak Competition. Besides, Xiao Yufeng is the last of the 33 peaks. I don't believe that Luo Zheng won't join the Peak Competition!" Reverend Zi Qing speculated with confidence.
"Hehe, you're right. As for who to arrange to stop Luo Zheng, I have to think about it …" Zhenren Tianqiong sneered. With his temperament, he couldn't tolerate a junior offending him like this!

Chapter 177
Luo Zheng sat cross-legged in his room, staring intently at the Sun, Moon, and Stars Chart opposite him.
Luo Zheng hadn't gone to the Illusion Fish Deep Pool these days because he didn't have enough points.
Luo Zheng's points were mainly accumulated from his trip to the south.
After killing the Saber Bug and obtaining the Saber Bug Queen's demon crystal core, Luo Zheng's accumulated points were enough to make all the outer sect disciples of the Blue Cloud Sect green with envy.
A few thousand points were indeed enough for an outer disciple to use. He could only use the points to exchange for some healing medicine, as well as cultivation pills and so on. It didn't cost him many points.
Even entering the Heavenly Book Pavilion once would only cost 100 points.
However, if these points were given to inner sect disciples to cultivate, they could only last for ten days to half a month at most.
The Blue Cloud Sect's points and various rewards were very reasonable.
If he wanted to enter the cultivation mystic realm to cultivate and quickly improve his strength, he had to help the Blue Cloud Sect complete various missions. The points he obtained from the missions had to be invested in cultivation …
Luo Zheng had wanted to quickly earn a million points, but now it seemed that this idea was a little naive. The points he had were not only for income, but also for expenditure. If he cultivated at this speed, it would be almost impossible for him to accumulate a million points.
In addition to completing the missions, Luo Zheng had another way to obtain points, and that was to buy two square crystals at the price of one point.
Luo Zheng still had about 20,000 square crystals. If he exchanged them for points, he could exchange them for about 10,000 Blue Cloud Sect points.
10,000 points seemed like a lot, but if he used them all to cultivate in the Illusion Fish Deep Pool, it wouldn't be much.
As Luo Zheng dived deeper into the pool day by day, the time he spent was also increasing.
Two hours would cost him 200 points. Four hours would cost him 400 points. If Luo Zheng maintained four hours of cultivation every day, he would use up 400 points a day.
Ten thousand points wouldn't even last a month.
However, Luo Zheng had more than 600 drops of Sky Derivation Essence in addition to the square crystals.
Luo Zheng had extracted more than a thousand drops of Heaven's Amplification Essence from the pile of spiritual weapons he had purchased. However, he did not put all of it into the dragon-shaped sculpture. He still had more than six hundred drops of Heaven's Amplification Essence in his hands.
Previously, at the Tianlu Auction, he had obtained 50 drops of Heaven's Divination Essence from an unknown source and had actually sold for 120,000 cubes of crystals.
According to this price, the square crystal in Luo Zheng's hand could be sold for more than a million yuan …
However, the price of goods was originally determined by supply and demand.
The Heaven's Divination Essence was a treasure that could only be found by chance, especially to those blacksmiths.
However, if more than 600 drops of Heaven's Divination Essence were to be put on the market, its value would probably drop. It was impossible to sell all of them at the price of 120,000 cubes of crystals for 50 drops.
Furthermore, Luo Zheng had the black flame in his hands. It could be said that he could extract as much Heaven's Divination Essence as he wanted. For the sake of the long-term, Luo Zheng could not possibly sell so much Heaven's Divination Essence.
"Let's sell it in 50 drops per bottle." After thinking for a long time, Luo Zheng finally made a decision. At the same time, he wanted to entrust the Heaven's Divination Essence directly to Zhang Wuxian to sell.
Luo Zheng had previously had a headache over this problem. Who should he entrust the Heaven's Divination Essence to? Did he need to disguise himself?
It was fine if he sold the Heaven's Divination Essence once. People would think that Luo Zheng had obtained it by chance or even picked it up. However, after two or three times, people would inevitably start to suspect Luo Zheng.
Luo Zheng understood the principle that an ordinary man was innocent, but treasuring a jade ring was a crime.
Once people found out that he could produce Heaven's Divination Essence, it would definitely be a big problem for Luo Zheng.
Although Luo Zheng was already in enough trouble, it was always a good thing to have one less problem.
But at this stage, other than Zhang Wuxian who could be trusted, no one else would be able to help him.
"Zhang Wuxian and I have a good personal relationship, and this is a good thing for him. With his Zhang Clan's wealth, I don't think he will have any bad intentions towards me!" Luo Zheng being so cautious was not bad. "Zhang Wuxian has a good personal relationship with me, and this is a good thing for him.
After thinking about the excuse he would give to Zhang Wuxian, he left his house to find Zhang Wuxian.
When he arrived at Zhang Wuxian's residence, Luo Zheng did not find him. After asking, he found out that Zhang Wuxian was not in his room. Instead, he was training at the side peak of Xiao Yufeng. Luo Zheng could only go to the side peak to find him.
There were many side peaks in Xiao Yufeng, and a few of them had been opened up as places for training.
Compared to the cultivation mystic area of the Blue Cloud Sect, these places were naturally much worse. Fortunately, these places were free for the disciples of Xiao Yufeng.
The Sparrow Hawk Platform was such a place.
From the main peak of Xiao Yufeng to the Sparrow Hawk Platform, one had to pass through a dangerous path. The path was a 90-degree vertical cliff, and there was no other way to go.
Only Divine Realm experts would go up and drive wooden stakes into the cliff. If one wanted to pass through the cliff, one could only step on these stakes.
If a timid inner disciple looked at the bottomless abyss below, he probably would not dare to go over.
Luo Zheng arrived at the dangerous path and looked at the Sparrow Hawk Platform not far away. Then he jumped up and stepped on a wooden stake.
This dangerous path actually looked scary. If one was brave enough, they would not fall down at all.
After running a few dozen steps on the wooden stake, Luo Zheng climbed up the side peak of the Sparrow Hawk Platform. He had heard that Zhang Wuxian had been training at the Sparrow Hawk Platform recently. Presumably, Luo Zheng would be able to find him here.
Zhang Wuxian's huge body was panting at this moment. Beads of sweat slid down his face and soaked his white robe.
Fat people were usually very lazy, but Zhang Wuxian was not one of them.
On the contrary, few people could compare to his degree of hard work in cultivation.
The Sparrow Hawk Platform was a circular side peak. On the right side of the Sparrow Hawk Platform was the main peak that towered into the clouds. Along the side of the main peak was a smooth mountain wall. The wall looked as if it had been carved out with a sword. It was very smooth, and there were almost no points to exert force on.
Zhang Wuxian was wearing a weight-bearing garment made of heavy lead. It weighed more than 500 kilograms!
After taking a deep breath, he strode forward with his thick legs and sprinted towards the mountain wall.
"Dong, dong, dong …"
His own weight, in addition to the weight of the weight-bearing garment, made a dull sound when he stepped on the ground.
As he approached the mountain wall, Zhang Wuxian suddenly took a deep breath. Then, he suddenly jumped and began to climb up the mountain wall.
Although the mountain wall was unusually smooth and there were no points to exert force on, Zhang Wuxian relied on his momentum and his fat body quickly rushed up!
On the mountain wall, someone had used red paint to draw scales. Beside the scales, there were numbers marking the height. Five meters, ten meters, fifteen meters, twenty meters …
Zhang Wuxian's height continued to climb. In an instant, he had passed five meters, ten meters, twenty meters. When he reached a height of thirty meters, his strength was exhausted. His round body slid down the mountain wall.
"I can only reach thirty meters at most …" Zhang Wuxian shook his head.
Although this was a small test, it could measure a martial artist's sprinting speed, strength, and reaction time.
On the mountain wall, the highest scale was fifty-five meters.
It was said that there was once an outer sect disciple who had rushed to a height of 55 meters. That was also the best result of Little Rain Peak's outer sect. After that disciple rushed up, he heavily slammed his palm on the mountain wall at a height of 55 meters, leaving behind a heavy palm print.
So far, no one had been able to cross that palm print!
Of course, this was only limited to Xiao Yufeng's outer sect disciples. If those Xiantian lifeforms from Xiao Yufeng's inner sect came out, they would naturally be far higher than that.
Just as Zhang Wuxian landed, an agile figure rushed up the mountain wall.
That person was thin and weak like a monkey, but extremely nimble. After his entire body climbed up the mountain wall, he was like a lizard. Combined with the strength of his sprinting, he instantly surpassed Zhang Wuxian's height and reached a height of forty meters. However, his strength had not yet weakened. He continued to leap up until he reached a height of forty-five meters. Only then did his strength completely weaken, and he landed on the mountain wall.
That thin and weak monkey-like outer sect disciple smiled at Zhang Wuxian. His expression was full of ridicule.
When Zhang Wuxian saw this, he could only stare back with his round eyes. There was nothing else he could do …
This monkey-like outer sect disciple had joined Xiao Yufeng last year. His name was Wu Da. His current strength could be ranked among the top eleven of Xiao Yufeng's outer sect disciples. His strength was slightly weaker than Zhang Wuxian's.
However, this person was thin and agile. Every time he trained here, Wu Da would always achieve good results.
In the past, Wu Da could only climb to a height of about forty meters. Not once had he surpassed forty-five meters. But today, it seemed that he had easily surpassed forty-five meters. He was now at a height of about forty-six meters!
It seemed that Wu Da's strength had improved again …
At a height of forty-six meters, there was probably no one in Xiao Yufeng's outer sect who could surpass him.
Actually, with Zhang Wuxian's status, as long as he inherited the Zhang family's business in the future, even if he was only an ordinary Bone Refining stage martial artist, he would still be able to command all kinds of Xiantian masters. In this world, money could make even ghosts turn millstones. As for ordering Xiantian life forms around, it was only a small matter to the Zhang family.
The Zhang family's disciples' talent was half genius. They had a business mind and incomparably keen foresight. However, in terms of cultivation talent, they were far inferior to the disciples of the seven great landowning clans.
However, Zhang Wuxian had very strict requirements for himself. Since he had joined the Blue Cloud Sect and Xiao Yufeng, his current goal was to continuously cultivate until he broke through and became a Xiantian life form!

Chapter 178
"Brother Wuxian!" Luo Zheng shouted from afar.
"Brother Luo Zheng, why are you here?" Zhang Wuxian wiped the sweat off his face. He didn't understand why Luo Zheng had come to the Sparrow Hawk Station.
Luo Zheng had only joined Xiao Yufeng for a few months, but his strength had advanced by leaps and bounds. He had grown from the Refining Marrow Stage to the Xiantian Stage. He had already far surpassed the strength of the outer disciples of Xiao Yufeng. In other words, Luo Zheng could be promoted to an inner disciple at any time.
With Luo Zheng's strength, there was no need for him to come to the Sparrow Hawk Station to cultivate. Just like the inner disciples of Xiao Yufeng, they would never come to the Sparrow Hawk Station to cultivate.
Hearing Zhang Wuxian shout out Luo Zheng's name, the others all looked over.
The name "Luo Zheng" was like thunder to the ears in Xiao Yufeng. When Zhang Wuxian shouted out these two words, the other outer disciples on the Sparrow Hawk Station all looked over.
When the outer disciple called Wu Da heard Luo Zheng's name, he looked pensive. Soon after, his eyes revealed a fiery gaze.
Wu Da was a very persistent martial artist. His talent was outstanding, but he was born in the grassroots. On his way to the Blue Cloud Sect, he had gone through a lot of tempering. In his mind, everyone in the world was meant to be surpassed.
To Wu Da, surpassing people like Zhang Wuxian was no challenge at all.
But Luo Zheng, whose name resounded throughout Xiao Yufeng's outer disciples …
If he could trample Luo Zheng underfoot, it would be a real challenge for Wu Da!
However, Wu Da was only a half-step into the Xiantian Stage. Moreover, he hadn't been there for a long time. He simply couldn't compare with the Xiantian Stage Luo Zheng.
However, he had been cultivating on the Sparrow Hawk Station all this time. Who knew how high Luo Zheng could climb?
While Luo Zheng and Zhang Wuxian were talking, Wu Da gestured that he was wearing a 500kg weight vest and made a provocative gesture. Then he turned around and sprinted towards the mountain wall!
This time, Wu Da also gave it his all. Like a monkey climbing a tree, he rapidly climbed up the mountain wall. Ten meters, twenty meters … forty-five meters, forty-six meters, forty-seven meters!
It wasn't until he reached a height of 47 meters that he turned around and slid down with his back against the mountain wall.
Forty-seven meters. This was Wu Da's best record so far.
When he slid down the mountain wall, his face was full of smiles. He kept looking at Luo Zheng with provocative eyes. When his feet touched the ground, he immediately walked towards Luo Zheng. "Do you want to try? Do you see the handprint on the mountain wall? It's said that the strongest inner disciple of our Xiao Yufeng won the bid! "
In Wu Da's mind, Luo Zheng had just broken through the half-step Xiantian realm and became a Xiantian lifeform.
What's more, the biggest difference between a Xiantian lifeform and a half-step Xiantian lifeform wasn't the difference in physical strength, but the difference in Zhenqi and Zhenyuan.
Wu Da didn't think that Luo Zheng could surpass that handprint. Even his own record of 47 meters would be difficult to surpass.
Climbing this mountain wall wasn't just a test of strength. One's use of strength, flexibility, and timing were all very precise. Luo Zheng hadn't tried it even once. It would be strange if he could get a good result!
Seeing Wu Da's face, Zhang Wuxian was angry. He knew what Wu Da was thinking. It was nothing more than wanting to make a fool of Luo Zheng. Although Luo Zheng's strength had advanced by leaps and bounds, Zhang Wuxian felt that if Luo Zheng climbed this mountain wall for the first time, he wouldn't get a good result. So he pulled Luo Zheng and said, "Brother Luo Zheng, don't mind him. Let's go to the pavilion over there and have some tea. We can talk about it slowly."
Luo Zheng nodded. He didn't want to waste time on this kind of thing. He was prepared to go with Zhang Wuxian.
But Wu Da said, "What? You don't dare? You dare to call yourself Xiao Yufeng's number one outer disciple? "
Luo Zheng had never cared about Xiao Yufeng's number one outer disciple title. In fact, he didn't even know when this title came into being.
Hearing Wu Da's words, Luo Zheng turned his head and shrugged his shoulders. He said, "There's nothing to be afraid of. Since you want to provoke me, I'll give it a try. Anyway, I don't have much free time. I can relax a little."
"Brother Luo Zheng," Zhang Wuxian wanted to stop him. He had climbed this mountain wall thousands of times. Although it looked ordinary, the surface was very smooth. There was no point to use force. He could only rely on the impact of sprinting to climb it! If Luo Zheng was familiar with this mountain wall, it would be fine. But it was his first time climbing it. He would definitely be at a disadvantage.
Luo Zheng waved his hand and said to Zhang Wuxian, "Brother Wuxian, don't try to persuade me. Even if I fail, it's not funny. As for Xiao Yufeng's number one outer disciple title, I'll just throw it away and give it to someone else …"
Zhang Wuxian saw that his persuasion didn't work. He also saw Luo Zheng's indifferent expression. Was Luo Zheng so confident?
He thought about the previous few times that Luo Zheng had made a move, which time had he been favored? But every time Luo Zheng did something beyond everyone's expectations. The result was completely different from everyone's expectations.
"Well, since it's like this, Brother Luo Zheng can also give it a try. What results you can achieve is secondary," Zhang Wuxian said with a laugh. He was trying to smooth things over for Luo Zheng in advance. Even if Luo Zheng really didn't perform well, he wouldn't lose face.
"This weighted garment is 500 kilograms. The weighted garments on the Sparrow Hawk Platform are 100 kilograms, 500 kilograms, 800 kilograms, and 500 kilograms. Which weight do you want to choose?" Wu Da took off his weighted garment and held it in his hand as he spoke to Luo Zheng.
Although he let Luo Zheng choose, he especially emphasized that his weighted garment was 500 kilograms. His meaning was very clear. Since Luo Zheng wanted to try, then he should wear the heaviest one!
"Choose a lighter one. No one would wear such a heavy weighted garment on their first try," Zhang Wuxian said.
Luo Zheng stretched out his hand and took Wu Da's weighted garment. He put it on and then lightly jumped twice on the spot.
Wearing the 500 kilogram garment did give Luo Zheng some pressure, but this pressure was almost negligible for Luo Zheng's current strength. Even if he didn't borrow the strength of the dragon scale, he could ignore the weight of the weighted garment with his own strength.
After bouncing for a short while, Luo Zheng walked to the track in front of the mountain wall. After checking the distance, he took a deep breath.
"Brother Luo Zheng, come on!" Zhang Wuxian shouted from the side.
Luo Zheng nodded and began to sprint forward.
The distance one could climb depended on the speed and strength of the previous sprint. The faster the speed, the greater the strength, and the more the stamina.
This time, Luo Zheng wasn't testing himself against others. He was very relaxed, but his attitude was very serious. Even if it was a trivial matter, he would use an incomparably serious attitude to deal with it. This was Luo Zheng's philosophy of life.
The moment he took a step, Luo Zheng activated the Phoenix Soaring Crystal in his right arm.
"Xiu …"
The energy emitted from the Phoenix Soaring Crystal formed a thin wind barrier that evenly wrapped around Luo Zheng's body.
It was this barrier that completely cut off the wind resistance. In other words, the wind resistance was equal to zero for Luo Zheng.
Xiao Yufeng's number one outer disciple, Luo Zheng, was undergoing a test on the Sparrow Hawk Platform. For the other outer disciples on the Sparrow Hawk Platform, this was indeed a great attraction. Everyone wanted to see what was so special about this Luo Zheng. Was he really as strong as the rumors said?
Therefore, they all stopped their training and stood not far away to watch.
Under everyone's gaze, Luo Zheng's figure suddenly became blurry. Only moving at an extremely high speed could produce this effect.
"Heavens, his speed is actually so fast! How is this possible? "
"This is too abnormal. This speed is hard to catch with the naked eye …"
"I don't know how many meters he will climb. Maybe he will be able to break the record of the handprint above?"
Everyone was discussing with their eyes wide open. They didn't want to miss a single detail. After all, Luo Zheng's speed was too fast. If they were slightly careless, he might disappear from their sight.
Luo Zheng still held back some of his speed. In fact, if he burst out at full speed, these people wouldn't even be able to catch a trace of his figure.
However, he was now rushing towards a mountain wall. Moreover, when he reached the mountain wall, he had to jump up. If he was too fast, it wouldn't be good if he didn't grasp the opportunity and hit the mountain wall. This test on the Sparrow Hawk Platform wasn't just about speed and strength. It was also very particular about grasping the opportunity.
This was Luo Zheng's first test. Everything depended on his feelings.
The moment Luo Zheng approached the mountain wall, his feet stepped on the ground. His whole body bent into an arch, and then stretched out with all his strength, shooting upwards.
Luo Zheng's speed of ascension was extremely fast!
What was even more strange was that Luo Zheng didn't borrow strength from the mountain wall in the first half of the climb. He only relied on the force of his jump to rush upwards.
Zhang Wuxian's pair of round eyes were opened so wide that his eyeballs were about to fall out. This Luo Zheng … didn't even step on the mountain wall! Didn't borrow strength?
In order to climb higher, they would use their hands and feet to constantly step on the walls of the mountain to generate upward force and allow themselves to climb higher.
However, everyone completely didn't expect that Luo Zheng didn't borrow strength from the mountain wall at all in the first half of the climb. He only relied on his amazing jumping ability to rush upwards for more than 20 meters …
"This Luo Zheng is too abnormal, isn't he? He can jump dozens of meters with just his jumping ability! "
"I have nothing to say. I already have nothing to say. This is too demoralizing. How can we live with this gap?"
Wu Da, who was watching from the side, had a gloomy expression. At the same time, he said coldly, "Climbing the mountain wall, relying only on jumping ability isn't enough. He can jump up more than 20 meters with just his jumping ability. This is only the first half of the climb. He will definitely fall down in the second half of the climb! Look, his speed has already slowed down! "
Luo Zheng jumped up to a height of 27 meters. After the force of his jump gradually weakened, Luo Zheng stretched out his hands and feet to climb up.
When Luo Zheng's hands and feet touched the mountain wall, his eyebrows suddenly raised. Interesting. This mountain wall was polished so smooth that there wasn't even a point to exert strength on.
＝＝＝＝＝

Chapter 179
In fact, it wasn't that there weren't any places to exert strength on.
This mountain wall was finally climbed by Xiao Yufeng's disciples. Every time they stepped on it, they would leave some marks on the mountain wall.
Over time, some small depressions would appear on the mountain wall.
Some disciples trained a lot and slowly dug out these depressions. Using these depressions, they were able to climb higher.
Some of the depressions would gradually worsen as people used them too much!
Although on the surface, the mountain wall was indeed smooth and flat, in fact, there were still many depressions.
There were even some disciples who, after climbing hundreds or even thousands of times, had already memorized each and every dent deeply in their minds. After the jump, where the first step should be and where the second step should be had to be taken care of!
Therefore, experience was very important when climbing this mountain wall. Luo Zheng didn't have any experience. If he climbed with his own strength, he would definitely be at a disadvantage.
Wu Da was able to climb to a height of 47 meters because he made good use of these depressions. Secondly, he was very agile! Since ancient times, the number of people who climbed to the top was far less than the number of people who climbed below. Therefore, the higher one went, the fewer depressions there were. The less obvious they were, the more difficult it was.
Although Luo Zheng lacked experience and couldn't find the depressions on the mountain wall, he had an advantage, and that was speed!
The energy of the Phoenix Soaring Crystal played a huge role at this moment. His hands were constantly slapping the mountain wall, and at the same time, his feet were stepping at an extremely fast speed.
In fact, with Luo Zheng's current strength, he could even kick into this hard mountain wall and then jump up. However, doing so would inevitably lead to suspicion of cheating, so he gave up on this idea.
Luo Zheng's control of his own strength had already reached an extremely fine level. Under the constant slapping and stepping, Luo Zheng's speed actually increased again!
"Ah, Luo Zheng's speed actually increased again. Heavens!" An outer court disciple screamed.
"No way? What's going on? This doesn't make sense! "Some outer court disciples' faces were full of confusion. They couldn't figure it out.
Climbing this mountain wall was a linear process of decreasing one's speed.
At the bottom of the mountain, one's strength and speed would be the highest. Because there was no point in the middle of the mountain wall, one's speed would gradually decrease, and the speed of climbing would become slower and slower.
No matter who it was, no one could break this process.
However, when Luo Zheng was halfway up, his speed suddenly increased …
What did this mean? This meant that Luo Zheng didn't need to rely on accumulating strength at the bottom! He could even skip the sprinting part … He could keep climbing up the mountain wall, be it ten meters, thirty meters, a hundred meters, or a thousand meters. To him, climbing up the mountain wall was like running on flat ground. There was no difference.
Under such circumstances, the test of climbing the mountain wall had lost its meaning for Luo Zheng.
Luo Zheng crossed 30 meters, 40 meters, 50 meters, 55 meters at an extremely fast speed … Soon, he surpassed the previous handprint.
This time, Luo Zheng stopped at a height of 60 meters. At the same time, he stretched out his hand and slapped the mountain wall heavily.
"Bang!"
Luo Zheng's slap caused the mountain wall to cave in, forming a deep handprint. Then, he turned around and fell straight down from the mountain wall.
"He broke the record on his first try. Xiantian lifeforms are really different!"
"This isn't a problem with being a Xiantian lifeform. Actually, I've seen some inner sect disciples take the test here. Those inner sect disciples didn't have a good time either. Even if some of the stronger inner sect disciples were able to reach a height of 60 meters, they still couldn't reach Luo Zheng's level …"
"Indeed, those records are meaningless to Luo Zheng. As long as he wants to, climbing this mountain wall is as easy as walking on flat ground!"
While the crowd was discussing, Luo Zheng returned to the ground and walked towards Wu Da. As he walked, he took off the weight-bearing clothes he was wearing and handed them to Wu Da with a smile. "I've embarrassed myself."
Wu Da's expression was very stiff, and his mouth was filled with a bitter taste.
What Xiao Yufeng, the number one outer sect disciple? This guy was simply abnormal. Let alone Xiao Yufeng, who in the entire Blue Cloud Sect's outer sect disciples could be compared to him? Why did this guy stay in the outer sect?
Looking for Luo Zheng was simply asking to be humiliated …
A deep sense of defeat spontaneously arose from Wu Da's heart.
After returning the weight-bearing clothes to Wu Da, Luo Zheng walked in front of Zhang Wuxian and patted Zhang Wuxian.
Zhang Wuxian deliberately made a very exaggerated expression of astonishment. However, after Luo Zheng patted him, his expression gradually turned into a smile. He laughed wildly and said, "Hahaha, I knew it. Brother Luo Zheng could definitely do it. However, Brother Luo Zheng, you didn't just do it!"
As Zhang Wuxian spoke, he intentionally or unintentionally glanced at Wu Da beside him. Luo Zheng had helped him take a deep breath. Thinking of Wu Da's Xiantian appearance, Zhang Wuxian was angry.
In fact, with Zhang Wuxian's status, there was absolutely no need for him to get angry with a half-step Xiantian martial artist. With Zhang Wuxian's status, he didn't even put a Xiantian Full Circle martial artist in his eyes, let alone a half-step Xiantian!
The Zhang Family's strength wasn't considered strong, but the Zhang Family's consecrators were famous in the entire Eastern Region!
Generally speaking, the number of Emerald Cloud Sect disciples who could cultivate to the Illuminating Spirit Realm could be said to be very few, and most of the Illuminating Spirit Realm powerhouses came from noble families! Of course, the noble families couldn't take all the benefits. There were always some talented geniuses who came from grassroots families.
Most of the Illuminating Spirit Realm experts who grew up in grassroots families were consecrators of the Zhang Family.
These Illuminating Spirit Realm consecrators were directly under the Zhang Family's command!
This was the fundamental reason why the Zhang Family, although not a noble family, could stand shoulder to shoulder with the seven noble families.
As the Third Young Master of the Zhang Family, even those Illuminating Spirit Realm consecrators had to give him face. He didn't need to put Wu Da in his eyes at all.
However, Zhang Wuxian had a natural tenacity. Although he didn't expect himself to walk too far on the path of martial arts, he still immersed himself in it and hoped that he could walk as far as possible!
After being defeated by Wu Da several times, Zhang Wuxian was naturally angry.
Although he hadn't defeated Wu Da this time, Luo Zheng had helped him vent his anger. Zhang Wuxian still felt very good.
He and Luo Zheng went to a nearby pavilion and sat down on a stone bench.
The Blue Cloud Sect's scenery had always been very good. The Sparrow Hawk Station was a side peak of Xiao Yufeng, so one could have a panoramic view of the mountains to the west.
"Brother Luo Zheng, why did you specially come here?" Zhang Wuxian asked. With his quick thinking, he had already guessed what Luo Zheng wanted. He reckoned that Luo Zheng had something good to entrust him to auction. However, he naturally didn't want to ask Luo Zheng, so he pretended not to know.
Luo Zheng nodded and said, "Brother Wuxian, I do have something I want you to help me with. However, I hope that after I entrust it to you, you can help me keep it a secret!"
Zhang Wuxian looked deeply at Luo Zheng. "Brother Luo Zheng, I see you as a brother. Don't mention the word 'secret' again. No matter what the auction item is, even if someone puts a knife to my neck, I still won't say a word."
Luo Zheng smiled and said with some embarrassment, "I'm thinking too much. Don't blame me, don't blame me. I know Brother Wuxian can trust me, but I'm just thinking too much!"
"It doesn't matter. The more Brother Luo Zheng talks like this, the more curious I am. Presumably, the item you want me to auction is of great importance. It's always right to be cautious." Zhang Wuxian was also curious. He knew that Luo Zheng wasn't a narrow-minded person. If the item in his hands wasn't too important, he wouldn't have made such a promise!
Last time, Luo Zheng entrusted him with the Blade Insect Queen's crystal core, he didn't place so much importance on it. Could it be that the item this time was even more valuable than the Blade Insect Queen's crystal core?
Seeing Zhang Wuxian's curious expression, Luo Zheng shook his spatial ring and took out a small cup.
Although there was no one around the pavilion, and with Xiao Yufeng's experience as an outer court disciple, there were very few people who could recognize the item in the cup. However, Luo Zheng still covered it with his hand and handed it to Zhang Wuxian.
Zhang Wuxian stared at the item in the cup. His eyes slowly widened, and he said softly, "Heaven's Divination Essence!"
Last time, when Luo Zheng auctioned the Blade Insect Queen's crystal core, someone had also auctioned Heaven's Divination Essence.
Zhang Wuxian still remembered that the Heaven's Divination Essence had been auctioned for a high price of 120,000 cubic crystals!
If a landowning household hadn't given up, the price might have risen even higher. Could one imagine the value of Heaven's Divination Essence to the people of the Eastern Domain?
"This Heaven's Divination Essence seems to be no less than the batch we sold at the Tianlu Auction House last time. How many drops are there in total?" Zhang Wuxian's voice trembled slightly. He really couldn't figure out where Luo Zheng had obtained this Heaven's Divination Essence!
"There are 55 drops in this cup!" Luo Zheng said.
Zhang Wuxian took a deep breath and said faintly to Luo Zheng, "I finally understand why you were so cautious just now. If it were me, I would probably be even more cautious than you!"
Luo Zheng chuckled. "If I only had this cup of Heaven's Divination Essence, I naturally wouldn't be so cautious. Brother Wuxian, I will provide you with these Heaven's Divination Essences every once in a while. Please help me auction them off!"
"What? Every once in a while! You, you, you still have more? "Zhang Wuxian sucked in a breath of cold air. He felt his nose hurt.
The Heaven's Divination Essence was extremely mysterious. Up until now, no one had figured out how it was produced. Even the Heaven's Divination Essences auctioned off at the auction house were obtained by some cultivators by chance!
From Luo Zheng's tone, it seemed like he still had a lot of Heaven's Divination Essence on hand. Because there was so much of it, he had to provide it to him regularly …

Chapter 180
This meant that Luo Zheng had a considerable amount of Sky Derivation Essence in his hands. It was even possible that Luo Zheng himself had mastered the method of producing Sky Derivation Essence!
Luo Zheng nodded. "Brother Wuxian, I have Sky Derivation Essence in my hands. If I put it up for auction at the Tianlu Auction House, it will be a win-win situation for the Zhang Family, right?"
Zhang Wuxian nodded.
"I'm sure you're aware of my concerns just now. If the Sky Derivation Essence is auctioned a few more times in the future, I'm afraid the Zhang Family will have to bear a considerable amount of pressure. Do you think you can handle it?" Luo Zheng asked.
Zhang Wuxian's breathing gradually became heavier.
Luo Zheng's concerns were very normal.
Anything could happen in this world.
The Zhang Family's strength was not bad, but compared to the seven noble families, there were still some subtle differences.
If the Zhang Family auctioned Sky Derivation Essence once in a while, it would still be considered normal. In this world, there were always some lucky warriors who could obtain it.
However, if the Zhang Family sold a batch of Sky Derivation Essence every month, the situation would be different.
This meant that someone had a stable source of Sky Derivation Essence, or someone had mastered the method of producing Sky Derivation Essence.
When the noble families realized this problem, they would definitely exert pressure on the Zhang Family. The Zhang Family would also very likely force Zhang Wuxian to reveal the source of the Sky Derivation Essence!
This was the risk involved!
Suddenly, Zhang Wuxian chuckled and said to Luo Zheng, "Brother Luo Zheng, it seems like you're worrying too much!"
Hearing Zhang Wuxian's tone, Luo Zheng asked curiously, "Could it be that Brother Wuxian has a plan to avoid this risk? Or could it be that you can control the entire Zhang Family like an iron plate? "
Zhang Wuxian continued with a smile, "Brother Luo Zheng, you haven't interacted much with the Zhang Family, so naturally you don't know some methods. The Zhang Family has been in the auction business for so many years, and we've come up with many solutions to various problems. Like you, there are indeed many warriors who don't dare to put their items up for auction because they're worried. For example, some warriors want to auction the treasures after they've killed someone, but those treasures already have owners. If they rashly put them up for auction, they're afraid that they'll cause a lot of trouble. They don't dare to put their items up for auction, so we've come up with some ideas …"
Killing and robbing treasures were things that happened almost every day.
Even noble families' descendants were killed and their Xuan weapons and spiritual Xuan Weapons were stolen..
Some Spirit Artifacts were originally seized from the hands of the other party. Those martial artists were eager to sell them, but they didn't dare to do so. Because once they were auctioned and discovered by the other party's landowning households, there was a chance that they would be traced back to them and bring about a fatal disaster!
Therefore, the Zhang Family thought of alternative methods abroad.
For example, the entrusted transaction method. First, the treasures were placed in a secret place, then two unrelated people were entrusted to deliver a slip of paper to the people of the Tianlu Auction House. Then, the people of the Tianlu Auction House would go to the secret place to collect the entrusted treasures. In this way, the entrusting party didn't need to show up during the entire transaction.
Even the people of the Tianlu Auction House didn't know who the entrusting party was.
After the transaction was completed, the people of the auction house would deduct a portion of the auction fees. Then, they would deposit the traded square crystals into an anonymous token and put them back in the secret place. The transaction would be considered complete.
After Zhang Wuxian explained this method to Luo Zheng, he added, "So don't worry, Brother Luo Zheng. As long as I tell the family that I'm using this method to conduct the transaction, and that I don't know who the owner of the Heaven's Divination essence is, I'm sure they won't be able to pursue the matter."
"I see." Luo Zheng heaved a sigh of relief. He was already having a headache about hiding his identity and selling the Heaven's Divination essence. Now that he heard Zhang Wuxian mention this method, the Tianlu Auction House had been doing business for many years. It was indeed a good method. Not only would it protect the seller, but it would also be a win-win situation for everyone.
"But … Brother Luo Zheng, you don't have to worry about me auctioning off 55 drops of Heaven's Divination essence?" Zhang Wuxian joked.
"Hehe, although a few hundred thousand square crystals is a lot, it's probably nothing in the eyes of the Third Young Master of the Zhang Family." Luo Zheng laughed. This was indeed not within his scope of concern. Zhang Wuxian did not pursue short-term profits when doing business, but long-term benefits. Luo Zheng had already told him that he had more than a few dozen drops of Heaven's Divination essence. If Zhang Wuxian really used his family's power to embezzle the 55 drops of Heaven's Divination essence, then he would definitely lose more than he gained.
First of all, Luo Zheng could not sell him the rest of the Heaven's Divination essence. Furthermore, this action would anger Luo Zheng, and he would definitely not be able to stay in the Xiao Yufeng. Furthermore, he would have to be on guard against Luo Zheng at all times. The price of this was far more than a few hundred thousand square crystals!
Zhang Wuxian took the Heaven's Divination essence from Luo Zheng and silently stuffed it into his fat left hand. Zhang Wuxian wore a beautiful jade ring on his left ring finger. It was a Sumeru Ring.
After stuffing the Heaven's Divination essence into his ring, Zhang Wuxian sighed. "With so much Heaven's Divination essence appearing, I'm afraid it will cause a huge uproar in the capital."
The value of Heaven's Divination essence lay in the fact that it could be used directly on Dharma treasures.
For example, as long as enough Heaven's Divination essence was poured into a top-grade Dharma treasure, it would undergo a qualitative change, and there was a certain probability that it would become an Immortal treasure!
Although the price was high and the amount of Heaven's Divination essence consumed was also very high, if it succeeded and they obtained an Immortal treasure, they would earn back all the capital and interest.
This was also the reason why Heaven's Divination essence was so precious.
Zhang Wuxian's cultivation for the day came to an end. After taking off the weight-bearing clothes, the two of them returned to the main peak from the Sparrow Hawk Platform. At this moment, they bumped into Zhou Wuxian and Mo Can.
"Brother Luo Zheng, Brother Wuxian, I was just looking for you!" Mo Can said with a smile when he saw the two of them.
"What's the matter?" Luo Zheng did not react in time.
Zhang Wuxian patted Luo Zheng and said with a smile, "Did you forget? Didn't Mo Can mention some time ago that there was a gathering in his family? Let's go and support them! "
Luo Zheng did not come from a large landowning household. The Luo Family that he belonged to was far superior to even the Mo Family, let alone Zhang Wuxian.
Therefore, he did not know much about the social circles of landowning households.
In contrast, Zhang Wuxian was much more sensitive in this aspect. He had a deep understanding of Mo Can's helplessness and bitterness in the landowning household.
"I've been too busy recently, so I forgot about it! Your family's gathering is today? "Luo Zheng asked.
Mo Can nodded, "Yes, today."
They had agreed to follow Mo Can to his house as guests, so they naturally followed Mo Can.
The Mo Family of the North City was the most declining household among all the landowning households.
The title of landowning household was hereditary.
However, even if it was hereditary, it did not mean that a certain family would be landowning households for generations to come.
For example, there was once a large landowning household, the Bright Moon Xiao Family. Although this Xiao Family was not the earliest batch of landowning households, they gradually rose to prominence because of the abundance of talents in the Xiao Family. Regardless of whether it was the Imperial Army or the Burning Sky Palace, there were members of the Xiao Family who were important members. The experts in the family were as numerous as the clouds, and their true strength had far surpassed the seven large landowning households!
However, after the Xiao Family's strength had greatly increased, they slowly became ambitious. They issued a decree in the imperial court, expanding the territory around the Burning Sky Dynasty. For a time, they were in the limelight.
At that time, even the members of the seven large landowning households had to lower their heads when they saw the Xiao Family!
The good times did not last long. After a period of time, someone pinned the hat of rebellion on the Xiao Family. Since then, the entire Xiao Family was wiped out. Although there were still descendants of the Xiao Family in the world, their privileges as landowning households were all taken away. Until now, the Xiao Family had not been able to recover.
Therefore, the privileges of landowning households were bestowed by that person in the Burning Sky Palace. Similarly, he could also take them back.
In recent years, the Mo Family of the North City was lacking in talents. If their family did not rely on other landowning households, or if they could not produce any important figures, their privileges as landowning households would very likely be taken back.
In the north of the Burning Sky Imperial Capital, at the end of a straight street, there was a two-zhang tall gate. The entire gate was painted with red paint. On both sides of the gate, there were two huge copper lions lying on the ground, emitting a majestic aura.
Even the declining landowning households were unreachable to the common people of the Imperial Capital.
Mo Can led Luo Zheng, Zhang Wuxian, Zhou Xian, and the others to the gate.
Today, the Mo Family had a gathering and invited guests. The entire Mok Province had already been decorated.
The four carp lanterns hanging above the gate were replaced with new ones. The copper lions in front of the gate were also washed. On both sides of the gate, there was a housekeeper and two servants standing in front of the gate to welcome the guests of the Mo Family.
The housekeeper of the Mok Province had a smile on his face. Today, the guests who came to welcome the guests were all people of status. If they were not the children of the large landowning households, then they were the upper echelons of the Imperial Court. He had maintained this smile for a few hours. That smile seemed to have frozen on his face, and his muscles had already stiffened.
However, when the housekeeper of the Mok Province saw Mo Can bring people home, he immediately felt his muscles relax. The smile on his face finally changed into an arrogant and contemptuous expression. "Young Master Mo Can, why have you come back?"
Mo Can originally did not like the housekeeper of the Mok Province. Ever since his mother died, there was basically no place for him in the entire Mok Province. When he heard the housekeeper of the Mok Province ask this, Mo Can coldly said, "What? I can't come back? "
The housekeeper of the Mok Province shook his head. "It's not that you can't come back. However, Young Master Mo Can is now an outer disciple of the Blue Cloud Sect! It doesn't matter whether you return to the Mo Family or not, haha! "

Chapter 181
Mo Can pursed his lips. He already knew that he would be ridiculed by these people when he returned to the Mo Family. He had grown up in Mok Province and had received all kinds of disdain and unfair treatment. He didn't have any strength and no one was willing to back him up, so he had always resigned himself to it.
He was used to it, but Luo Zheng, Zhang Wuxian, Zhou Xian, and the others weren't used to it!
Who was this housekeeper? He was just a servant in Mok Province. Just because he was the housekeeper of Mok Province, he dared to speak like this?
Among them, Zhang Wuxian had the biggest reaction. In his Zhang Family, there had never been a servant who dared to speak like this in front of their master. Zhang Wuxian frowned and said to Mo Can, "Mo Can, are all the servants in your Mo Family like this?"
Mo Can smiled and was about to answer, but he didn't expect that these words would reach the housekeeper's ears. The housekeeper couldn't take it anymore. He looked down on Mo Can, so naturally, he also looked down on Mo Can's friends. He said, "Like this? What like? You little fatty, tell me, what do you think I'm like? "
Zhang Wuxian's brows furrowed deeply when he saw the steward's suicidal look.
Don't be fooled by Zhang Wuxian's simple and honest appearance. If you really pissed him off, you would be in big trouble. If Zhang Wu County really exploded, there was no need for the Mo Family's gathering in the north of the city. They could just casually send a few people from the Zhang Family over and they would be able to teach the Mo Family a lesson!
However, Zhang Wuxian still held back. After all, it was Mo Can who invited him today. Even if he didn't give face to the monk, he still had to give face to Mo Can.
At this moment, Mo Can also had an apologetic expression on his face. He knew Zhang Wuxian's identity. He was the third young master of the Zhang Clan. It was indeed wrong to let him suffer grievances in the Zhang Clan. Therefore, the usually amiable Mo Can shouted at the housekeeper, "Housekeeper Qu! These are my friends, please show some respect! "
Steward Qu chuckled. "Respect? Why should I respect you? What qualifications do you have … "
Manager Qu was halfway through his words when he couldn't continue.
He felt an extreme sense of danger, as if he was being stared at by the most ferocious beast, which made his hair stand on end.
Manager Qu's face paled. Trembling with fear, he turned his head and saw Luo Zheng's bright eyes.
Luo Zheng just stared at Manager Qu with a very indifferent gaze. However, while staring at Manager Qu, he also released a part of his soul power, forming a soul pressure.
With Luo Zheng's current strength, as long as he wanted to, he could suppress Manager Qu with just a glare and make him unable to speak.
"Mo Can, let's go in," Luo Zheng said indifferently.
Although Mo Can didn't know why Manager Qu looked as if he had seen a ghost, he could guess that it was because of Luo Zheng.
Therefore, Mo Can patted Zhang Wuxian's shoulder and said apologetically, "Brother Wuxian, I'm sorry. Our family's servant is indeed in the wrong … but don't be angry with him. Let's go in, okay?"
Since Mo Can said so, Zhang Wuxian nodded and followed behind Mo Can with Zhou Xian.
As for Luo Zheng, he walked at the back.
Just as Luo Zheng retracted his gaze, Manager Qu felt the pressure disappear and he immediately felt relaxed.
Luo Zheng's pressure made Manager Qu feel very uncomfortable!
Manager Qu was not happy in his heart and was about to curse. Although Luo Zheng's move was extraordinary, but Manager Qu did not take it seriously. After all, Luo Zheng was only at the Xiantian first stage. In Manager Qu's opinion, Mo Can's friends could only be regarded as a pack of scoundrels, and there was no need to take them seriously.
This was Mok Province and a Xiantian stage one brat dared to be impudent?
Therefore, Manager Qu pointed at Luo Zheng's back and opened his mouth to curse.
At this moment, Luo Zheng turned his head and stared at Manager Qu. The corners of his mouth curved slightly and he smiled gently.
A bright yellow soul power quietly condensed into a sharp thorn and fiercely stabbed towards Manager Qu!
Previously, Luo Zheng had used his soul power to suppress Manager Qu and only gave him a small warning to shut up.
But in this world, there were some people who didn't know the immensity of heaven and earth and didn't know how to restrain themselves. For such people, Luo Zheng could only ruthlessly teach them a lesson!
"Ah!"
Manager Qu issued a mournful scream and then held his head with both hands and kept rolling on the ground, turning over and over. It was incomparably miserable.
The two servants next to Manager Qu were completely unaware of what had happened and were anxiously staring at the side with wide eyes.
"Manager Qu, are you okay? What the hell is going on? "
"Could it be that Manager Qu has lost his mind?!"
Luo Zheng's face slightly exposed a trace of a sneer and then he turned his head and walked towards the courtyard in Mok Province.
The three people walking in front had actually heard the movement here. Previously, Luo Zheng had displayed a spiritual attack in front of the three of them. At that time, Luo Zheng had used this move to make Vulture Peak's disciple Liu Cunshi hover between life and death in pain.
Presumably, he would also use this move today.
That Manager Qu was really too hateful. It was only right for him to suffer a little! The three of them all thought so.
After Luo Zheng caught up with them, they continued to walk towards the inner part of Mok Province.
The Mo family in the northern part of the city occupied a large area with many courtyards. Although the house in the inner sect was very old, it still glowed with the extravagance of the past after being decorated.
Along the way, servant girls and servants came and went, carrying all kinds of exquisite tea and snacks in their hands. It seemed that they were preparing for the following banquet.
After walking through a few aisles and passing through two doors, they arrived at the Mo family's guest hall.
There was an open-air field in front of the guest hall. Next to the field, a theatrical troupe had set up a stage. On the stage, several performers were pinching their noses and babbling.
Next to the stage, there were dozens of tables. Although the guests were not fully seated at this time, there were already many people who had arrived.
Mo Can walked in with Luo Zheng and the other two. Inside, there were servants who recognized Mo Can. However, even a small servant did not take Mo Can seriously. Although his words were not disrespectful, his tone was full of disdain: "Young Master Mo Can has brought his friends back? Go sit over there by yourself! "
Mo Can could only helplessly lead Luo Zheng and the other two to a table. This table was not set up properly. Even the stools were brought over by Mo Can himself.
After the four of them sat down, Zhang Wuxian laughed mischievously and shook his head as he said to Mo Can: "Mo Can, it seems that your days in the Mo family are really not easy!"
Mo Can could only force a smile and said: "I don't mind. It's just that I've caused these brothers to lose face."
"Don't say that. Mo Can, what's your ranking in the family?" Zhang Wuxian waved his hand. They were here to support Mo Can. In other words, they were here to help Mo Can. In fact, whether it was Luo Zheng or Zhang Wuxian, they had already made up their minds. If the Mo family really bullied them too much, they would definitely help Mo Can get back at them!
However, Zhang Wuxian's thoughts were more meticulous than Luo Zheng and Zhou Xian. Before that, Zhang Wuxian wanted to ask clearly whether Mo Can was a direct descendant or a collateral descendant. He also wanted to know why the people in the family ostracized him like this.
When Mo Can heard Zhang Wuxian's question, he already understood what Zhang Wuxian wanted to know. He briefly explained his situation.
In fact, Mo Can was not a collateral descendant of the family. On the contrary, he was the eldest son of the main branch.
According to this logic, Mo Can's status in the Mok Province was definitely not low. At the very least, it was impossible for any servant to dare point fingers at him.
However, when Mo Can was young, Mo Can's father had failed a family mission and died tragically under arrows. Since then, Mo Can's status had plummeted.
Although he was still the eldest son of the main branch, Mo Can's third uncle was now the head of the family in the Mok Province. As the "eldest son", he naturally didn't receive any good treatment. Normally, he would come and go as if he was just a passerby.
After listening to Mo Can's words, Zhang Wuxian shook his head. There was a trace of indignation in his expression. "Your third uncle is really abominable. Could it be that the other elders in the family didn't say anything?"
Generally speaking, when Mo Can's father died and Mo Can was the sole descendant of the family head, the family should treat him well. However, the Mo family was the complete opposite. Not only did they not give him any care, if they had the chance, they would probably expel Mo Can from the family.
Zhou Xian's face was also full of indignation. "This kind of family doesn't care about family ties. It's really disappointing!"
Luo Zheng then drank a cup of tea and said faintly, "Hehe, since that's the case, it's perfectly justifiable for us to help Brother Mo Can. If those people really don't know what's good for them and cause a huge ruckus, does Brother Mo Can have any opinions?"
Mo Can's experience was very similar to Luo Zheng's. After their father died, they both lost power in the family. At this moment, Luo Zheng had already made up his mind to help Mo Can get back at them!
Seeing the three of them filled with righteous indignation, Mo Can shook his head and said, "The three of you treat me as a brother. At least I, Mo Can, can clearly distinguish between good and bad. If the three of you are willing to help me, I, Mo Can, will naturally be more than willing to do anything."
Zhang Wuxian laughed and said, "Since Brother Mo Can doesn't mind, then it's fine. If there really is a ruckus, I'm sure I can still handle the Mo family!"
In fact, with Zhang Wuxian's scheming mind, he wouldn't have done this kind of thing in the past.
Because even a small Mo family in the northern part of the city was considered a noble family. Zhang Wuxian didn't want to offend the Mo family over such a small matter. It wasn't that his Zhang family was afraid of the Mo family. In fact, this kind of declining noble family wasn't worth mentioning in the eyes of the seven noble families and the Zhang family.
However, the Zhang family had a principle in doing things, and that was to never do things that didn't benefit them. Offending the Mo family for no reason would be a thankless task.
However, this time, Zhang Wuxian had a reason.
After Zhang Wuxian's observation during this period of time, Luo Zheng was definitely a person worthy of Zhang Wuxian's investment.
According to Zhang Wuxian's intuition, Luo Zheng's future growth potential was almost limitless!
＝＝＝＝＝

Chapter 182
In the Eastern Domain, anyone who reached the Divine Reflection Realm was an overlord. How many of these Divine Reflection Realm cultivators would be willing to listen to someone else?
Take that wealthy merchant from Guanghan County for example. It was already extremely rare for him to be able to hire a few Xiantian lifeforms to protect him. If he wanted to spend money to hire these Divine Reflection Realm cultivators, he would be dreaming!
But the Zhang Clan could do it!
There was more than one Divine Reflection Realm cultivator in the Zhang Clan.
These Divine Reflection Realm cultivators were willing to stay in the Zhang Clan and become their Divine Reflection Realm cultivators. They would help the Zhang Clan at critical times because they valued the Zhang Clan's resources and connections.
But more importantly, the Zhang Clan had already endlessly invested in these Divine Reflection Realm cultivators before they matured.
This was also why these Divine Reflection Realm cultivators were willing to stay in the Zhang Clan.
Zhang Wuxian was the third young master of the Zhang Clan. He was born with an incomparable sensitivity to this aspect.
In Zhang Wuxian's view, once Luo Zheng broke through and became a Divine Reflection Realm cultivator, his strength would be on par with any of the Zhang Clan's Divine Reflection Realm cultivators!
Thus, Zhang Wuxian wanted to invest.
This investment wasn't in the monetary sense. Luo Zheng didn't lack money. He would even entrust him to auction off the Sky Spill Essence. In the process, Zhang Wuxian could even make money....
Zhang Wuxian invested in relationships.
He knew that Luo Zheng was a person who valued relationships. Although he was sometimes emotional, the more a person valued relationships, the more they cared about their friends and brothers!
This was also why Zhang Wuxian was willing to help Mo Can regardless of the immediate cost.
However, Zhang Wuxian also integrated himself into the group. In his heart, he already regarded Luo Zheng and the others as his brothers.
At this time, another group of men and women walked in.
When the servants who were busy at the side saw the group of people, they immediately dropped what they were doing and rushed forward, nodding and bowing. "Young Master Yu is back. Take a seat here. We've already arranged special seats for you and your friends!"
Several servants at the side hurriedly arranged the chairs neatly, the table was also cleared out, and a layer of velvet carpet was spread over the table, and fruits and snacks were placed on top of it.
Young Master Yu, who was the leader, called his friends to sit down.
Luo Zheng glanced around. Young Master Yu was wearing a black robe, and the friends he brought were also wearing black robes.
Although Mo Can's family had declined, it wasn't too difficult for them to help their children enter the inner court. It seemed that Mo Can's position in the family was indeed too low …
After Young Master Yu sat down, he looked left and right. His gaze fell on Mo Can, then swept past Luo Zheng, Zhang Wuxian, Zhou Xian, and the others. He roughly noticed that the friends brought by Mo Can were all outer disciples, wearing white robes.
He raised his thick eyebrows and a mocking smile appeared on his face.
"Mo Can, why didn't you stay on Xiao Yufeng? What are you doing here today?" Young Master Yu laughed mischievously.
Mo Can blinked and replied, "According to the rules, I have to come back to the family gathering. Mo Yu, why do you have to ask?"
"Oh." Mo Yu shook his head. "I thought you could rely on your own ability to enter the Blue Cloud Sect and make a name for yourself. However, you came back with these scoundrels?"
The inner court disciples of the Blue Cloud Sect had always looked down on outer court disciples.
If they were inner court disciples of the same peak, they could still get along well. However, when inner court disciples of other peaks saw outer court disciples, they weren't even willing to look them in the eye.
The men and women beside Mo Yu were all from Egret Peak.
Egret Peak was ranked sixteenth in the Blue Cloud Sect. Although it wasn't particularly high among the 33 peaks of Clear Cloud Sect, it wasn't at the bottom either. Its strength was in the middle.
When these inner court disciples saw the Xiao Yufeng symbol on Luo Zheng's and Zhang Wuxian's chests, their faces were filled with disdain. In their eyes, Luo Zheng and the others were just small fries in the Blue Cloud Sect.
Insulting Mo Can wasn't a big deal. Mo Can had always tolerated it. However, insulting his friends was something that Mo Can couldn't tolerate. "Mo Yu, watch your words. They are my friends, not my scoundrels!"
"Oh?" Mo Yu looked at Mo Can with interest. He liked to see Mo Can's flustered and exasperated appearance. "If you aren't my scoundrels, then tell me, why were you assigned to Xiao Yufeng, the last peak? In the Blue Cloud Sect, I'm afraid that Little Rain Peak is the weakest place in the Outer Sect. In my opinion, it's better not to go to Little Rain Peak. In any case, it's just a place to cultivate dregs! "
"Mo Yu, what do you mean?" Mo Can suddenly stood up and shouted sternly.
At this moment, the banquet had yet to begin. Around half of the guests had already arrived. Everyone turned their heads one after another when they heard Mo Can's loud and furious cry. Even the few performers on the stage stopped their voices and looked over in his direction.
Mo Yu withdrew his playful smile and slowly stood up. Mo Can, who used to be weak and easily bullied, was surprisingly unyielding today. This was something that Mo Yu hadn't expected. However, where exactly did Mo Can's confidence come from? Could it be that he was relying on the people beside him?
From the moment he entered, Mo Yu sized up Mo Can's friends.
The eyes of landowning households were all very sharp.
First of all, he saw that Luo Zheng, Zhang Wuxian, and Zhou Xian were all wearing white robes. This confirmed that there wasn't a landowning household among them. They were all commoners.
This idea wasn't wrong, but it was actually very wrong. Because the Zhang family represented by Zhang Wuxian couldn't be counted as commoners. Not only that, although the Zhang family wasn't a landowning household, it was actually much more powerful than an ordinary landowning household. After all, the Zhang family was the only one that could stand shoulder to shoulder with the seven major landowning households! If they had to be ranked, then the Zhang family wouldn't lose to any of the seven major landowning households!
Of course, the fact that they were wearing white robes was indeed very deceptive. Mo Yu had misjudged Zhang Wuxian, but this wasn't a particularly big mistake.
Moreover, the strength of these people wasn't enough.
Zhang Wuxian and Zhou Xian were only half-step Xiantian experts. Only Luo Zheng was a Xiantian expert, and he was only at the Xiantian first stage.
Mo Yu himself was at the Xiantian fourth stage, not to mention his friends, who were basically at the Xiantian fourth stage and the Xiantian fifth stage. With their strength, they naturally didn't put Mo Can's friends in their eyes. Therefore, Mo Yu dared to describe Luo Zheng and the others as a pack of rogues.
"Mo Can, have you grown up? Now you dare to talk to me like this? " Moyu's face darkened. Even if she had to do it in front of so many people, she had to teach this brat a lesson and teach him a lesson.
Zhang Wuxian and Zhou Xian's faces also showed anger. They didn't expect that Mo Can's family would be so ruthless.
However, at this moment, Luo Zheng's face was expressionless.
He twisted the Yixing clay teapot on the table and poured the emerald green tea on his hands. Immediately, a wisp of Zhen Yuan emerged on his hands, and under the heat of Zhen Yuan, the tea quickly evaporated.
Then, Luo Zheng stood up, patted Mo Can's shoulder, and said with a smile: "Mo Can, who is the one who spoke to you?"
Mo Can gritted his teeth and said: "He is my cousin!"
"Oh, your cousin, right?" Luo Zheng said to Mo Yu with a smile: "Since he is Mo Can's cousin, then we are all friends. I think that there is no need for you to speak like this between cousins. You are relatives, and it would be bad if you don't get along well!"
"Relative? Ha ha! "Mo Yu laughed and said:" What qualifications does he have to be my relative? Who in our Mo family treats him as a relative? "
"Since Mo Can is not qualified to be your relative, then this matter will be easy to handle." Luo Zheng smiled slightly.
"What matter? What is easy to handle?" Mo Yu was stunned. Luo Zheng's words were somewhat inexplicable, and he didn't understand.
Luo Zheng smiled coldly: "Just now, someone said that we are a group of scoundrels. If it was because of Mo Can's face, we could tolerate it, but since you are not relatives, then there is no need for us to tolerate it!" After Luo Zheng finished speaking, a wisp of Zhen Yuan condensed in his right hand. At the same time, an extremely fierce power was emitted from his body, enveloping Mo Yu and the others.
That power contained Luo Zheng's powerful soul power, and at the same time, Luo Zheng's deep killing intent!
Ever since they followed Mo Can to the Mok Province, Luo Zheng and the others had been enduring. At this moment, Luo Zheng understood that there was no need for him to endure.
He didn't want to make a move here. After all, this Mok Province's gathering seemed to be a joyous occasion …
After all, they were invited by Mo Can to support him, not to fight …
If he went too far, Mo Can's face wouldn't look good …
Therefore, Luo Zheng gave Mo Yu a chance. If he recognized Mo Can as his relative, then this matter could still be discussed. However, that guy didn't care about family ties at all. Since he didn't care about family ties, then Mo Can didn't need to protect the Mok Province's face. Even if he destroyed the Mok Province today, it wouldn't be considered too much.
Seeing Luo Zheng suddenly emitting a powerful aura, the faces of Mo Yu and the others sank, and they also stood up one after another.
Although Luo Zheng's aura was amazing, but the people of Mo Yu and the others hadn't seen Luo Zheng's real strength. They thought that Luo Zheng was only at the Xiantian first stage, so how powerful could he be? If a fight really broke out at this moment, they were all at the Xiantian fourth or fifth stage, and the disparity in fighting strength between the two sides was too great. In the blink of an eye, those outer disciples brought by Mo Can would be eliminated.
It seemed that this fight was about to break out at any moment.
Most of the surrounding guests had average strength, so how could they dare to come over and mediate?
At this time, five or six people came in from the door. These five or six people were all female disciples of the Blue Cloud Sect.
The female disciples of the Blue Cloud Sect still strictly abided by the rules of the sect, and they wore black and white robes.
However, the robes of the Blue Cloud Sect were not beautiful to the female disciples, so as long as they had the opportunity to leave the Blue Cloud Sect, they couldn't wait to change out of their robes and put on clothes that competed with each other for beauty, such as flying birds on the ground, embroidered with clouds, flying gold hairpins and flowers … …
This time, the female disciples of the Jade Maiden Peak came in, and at this moment, they were all dressed up beautifully.
"Sister Yun, you came back?" Originally, the situation was already tense, but when Mo Yu saw the female disciples of the Jade Maiden Peak come in, his eyes suddenly lit up, "Miss Qian Ning is also here, she is a distinguished guest!"
At this moment, Mo Yu didn't want to have a conflict with Mo Can and the others. This time, he came back for two reasons, one was for the family gathering, and the other was for his real purpose, which was that his cousin Mo Yun was going to bring her several close friends home to play.

Chapter 183
Mo Yu and Zhu Qianning had met several times, and the first time they met, Mo Yu's heart had already been moved.
As for Zhu Qianning, she was the first daughter of the Divine Needle Family Zhu of the seven major noble families. In comparison, Mo Yu was just a small, rundown noble family. It was said that Zhu Qianning's status in the family was not low, and she was greatly doted on. Her status was even higher than that of the first son of the family!
With such a huge gap between them, Mo Yu also understood that he would not be able to take the direct path. Not to mention other things, noble families paid particular attention to matching social status and marriage. Whether it was strength, talent, family affairs, or background, which of these could match with Zhu Qianning?
Therefore, Mo Yu could only take the path of his cousin. He asked his cousin to bring Zhu Qianning back more often. Mo Yu hoped that after more contact, he would be able to break through Zhu Qianning's line of defense.
Last time, when Mo Yu went to the Demon Slaying Trial, he heard that Zhu Qianning was participating, and he also desperately wanted to pass the Demon Slaying Trial. Unfortunately, his Egret Peak was full of talents, and although he passed the initial assessment, he was squeezed out by the other inner disciples. After all, Mo Yu's strength was only at Xiantian fourth stage, and he was not very outstanding in the inner sect of Egret Peak.
Now that Zhu Qianning had finally returned from White Emperor City, Mo Yu had been very worried about her, but after returning, he did not have a good reason to find her. This time, it just so happened that during the family gathering, he talked to his cousin Mo Yun in every possible way, and even promised to give her a low-grade spirit tool.
Mo Yun then dragged Zhu Qianning over from Jade Maiden Peak.
Therefore, at this moment, when he saw Zhu Qianning was present, he could not bring himself to make trouble with Mo Can and his gang of scoundrels. Zhu Qianning's side was the main focus!
"Tell them that Family Zhu's eldest daughter, Zhu Qianning has arrived!" Mo Yu ordered.
The servant next to him heard this and shouted loudly: "Family Zhu's eldest daughter, Zhu Qianning has arrived!"
Generally, if a noble family encountered a distinguished guest, they would let the servant announce it loudly to show respect. If it was an even more distinguished guest, the master would personally announce it.
Zhu Qianning was the legitimate daughter of the Divine Needle Family Zhu. Compared to Mok Province, she was indeed a more distinguished guest. However, she was a woman, and could only be passed on by Mo Yu's servant! If the legitimate sons of the Divine Needle Family Zhu, such as Zhu Henshui or Zhu Mingsan, arrived, Mo Yu would have to personally announce it!
In fact, according to this rule, Zhang Wuxian, who was beside Mo Can, would have to be personally announced by the master of Mok Province.
Mo Can understood this logic, but he could not take the initiative to reveal Zhang Wuxian's identity. Mo Yu also understood this logic, but he did not know Zhang Wuxian.
Zhu Qianning was wearing a light red, silver-lined, cloud-patterned jacket today. For a martial artist, clothing was far more useful for aesthetics than keeping out the cold. Even if a Xiantian lifeform stood naked in the snow, they would not feel cold.
Therefore, this silver-edged cloud-patterned jacket was very fitting, and meticulously depicted her charming figure. In addition to her already extremely beautiful appearance, even though the few Jade Maiden Peak disciples beside her were also beautiful, she still stood out from the crowd like a crane in a flock of chickens.
When she heard someone greet her as soon as she entered, she habitually responded. In her memory, this Inner Sect disciple in front of her seemed to be Mo Yun's older brother. However, because they had only met a few times, he was somewhat unfamiliar.
After the servant announced the announcement, Mo Yu politely led Zhu Qianning and the other female disciples to their table. The servant next to them had already arranged chairs, respectfully inviting the female disciples of Jade Maiden Peak to take a seat.
At this moment, her gaze suddenly swept across a table to the side, finally stopping on Luo Zheng's face.
Luo Zheng!
When Zhu Qianning saw Luo Zheng, she could not help but feel agitated.
The man who had saved her life from a life and death situation, the man who had used his own strength to squeeze her life to the limit, the man who had killed the nameless Demon General, had already left an indelible mark in her heart.
On the day of the great battle with the Demon Race at White Emperor City, the disciples of the Blue Cloud Sect were ultimately sent away. Unfortunately, Luo Zheng was not one of them.
Because at that time, Luo Zheng had been captured by Yun Luo.
Zhu Qianning naturally missed him very much. Before she left, she begged her Second Uncle, Zhu Feihang, to protect Luo Zheng no matter what.
Although Second Uncle readily agreed, Zhu Qianning was still worried.
It was not until later that Zhu Qianning learned from Second Uncle that Luo Zheng had not only survived the great battle with the Demon Race, but had also made great contributions.
He was only a half-step Xiantian, but he was able to make great contributions to the Divine Reflection Realm experts. Without a doubt, the current Luo Zheng had risen another level in Zhu Qianning's heart.
It was just that … after this brat left White Emperor City, there had been no news of him.
Zhu Qianning had even thought about going out to find him.
But when she thought about how she, a girl, would travel thousands of miles to find a man, she could not bring herself to do such a thing. Although the customs of the Burning Sky Dynasty were civilized, Zhu Qianning, who was born in a great aristocratic family, was still quite conservative.
Later, Zhu Qianning found out through her own channels that Luo Zheng had returned to the Blue Cloud Sect and often went to the Fantasy Fish Pond to cultivate.
She was both happy and disappointed in her heart.
She was happy because Luo Zheng had returned to the Blue Cloud Sect safe and sound. She was disappointed because Luo Zheng seemed to have completely forgotten about her existence and only knew how to cultivate!
"Should I go and find him directly?" This question had been lingering in Zhu Qianning's mind for a long time. However, her ladylike demeanor forced her to suppress this thought.
Zhu Qianning originally did not want to come today.
It was only because of her good friend Mo Yun's repeated invitations that she decided to come along.
She had never thought that she would be able to coincidentally meet Luo Zheng here.
She had been thinking about Luo Zheng day and night on Jade Maiden Peak, but it seemed as if nothing had happened.
Previously, Luo Zheng had immersed himself in cultivation. Now that he had the time to attend the Mo Family's gathering, he was not even willing to contact her? Could it be that he had really forgotten about her?
Although Zhu Qianning had a lot of resentment in her heart, when she saw Luo Zheng occasionally raise his head and smile at her, and when she saw Luo Zheng's sparkling eyes, she completely forgot about these resentment.
At this moment, how could she be willing to pay attention to Mo Yu, who was fawning over her in every possible way?
She directly bypassed Mo Yu and walked in front of Luo Zheng. Her smiling face was like a flower, but her words carried a trace of blame: "Since you've returned, why didn't you come to Jade Maiden Peak to play with me?"
When Zhu Qianning said this, everyone was stunned.
Especially the few people who knew Zhu Qianning's identity.
For example, Zhang Wuxian.
Since he was very young, Zhang Wuxian had to learn to clearly distinguish the relationships between the important people in the imperial capital.
Whether it was the heads of the seven major landowning clans or the important direct descendants of the landowning clans, he had to clearly remember their character, strength, talent, and hobbies. He had to recite them backwards.
This kind of skill was a compulsory course for the descendants of the Zhang Family.
Regarding Zhu Qianning's information, Zhang Wuxian had a much deeper understanding than Luo Zheng.
Zhu Qianning was a direct descendant of the Family Head. Although her talent and strength were not too outstanding, she was quite liked by the head of the Family Head. She had an incomparable advantage over the other children of the same generation in the Family Head.
Generally speaking, all landowning clans had a set of strict family rules for the development of their own Family Head.
This set of family rules was not targeted at one person, but at the entire landowning clans.
If you had ordinary talent, ordinary strength, and didn't know how to work hard, then the resources given to you by the landowning clans would gradually decrease.
However, Zhu Qianning broke this tradition.
In terms of talent, Zhu Qianning's talent could only be considered above average. However, she was the apple of the Family Head's eye. It could be said that as long as she wanted, the entire Family Head could use any resources on her.
This kind of situation was absolutely impossible for other clans.
Because too much favoritism towards one family's descendant would inevitably cause dissatisfaction among the other family's descendants. This would lead to internal conflicts within the Family Head, which was very detrimental to the development of the entire Family Head.
However, the Family Head did not have this kind of problem.
On the contrary, the entire Family Head favored Zhu Qianning. Whether it was the elders of the Family Head or the younger generation of the Family Head.
Although Zhang Wuxian was well-versed in the interpersonal relationships of the entire Burning Heaven Imperial Capital, he did not have such a detailed understanding of everyone.
The reason why he had such a detailed understanding of Zhu Qianning was because the Zhang Family had once planned to form a marriage alliance with the Family Head. If possible, the Zhang Family wanted Zhang Wuxian's older brother, Zhang Wuji, to be married to Zhu Qianning.
This kind of marriage alliance between landowning clans was very common. Usually, after the marriage alliance, both clans would obtain substantial benefits.
However, after probing the Family Head's words and Zhu Qianning's thoughts through layers of channels, the Zhang Family gave up on the marriage alliance.
This was because the Family Head had already said that Zhu Qianning could marry whoever she wanted. The Family Head would not restrict her in the slightest. Furthermore, based on Zhu Qianning's personality, she was still a young girl who had just experienced the first awakening of love. She still had a trace of fantasies about love. According to this logic, a marriage alliance for the benefit of the Family Head was something that Zhu Qianning hated the most.
After a comprehensive analysis, the Zhang Family finally gave up on this plan.
In fact, the most important part of this plan was the Family Head's thoughts. The so-called parents' orders and matchmakers' words were definitely the mainstream melody at this time. Generally speaking, the children of large clans would have political marriages. The Family Head would not restrict Zhu Qianning in the slightest. From this point, it could be seen that the Family Head really cared for Zhu Qianning to the extreme.
It was because of this plan that Zhang Wuxian had such a clear understanding of Zhu Qianning. At the same time, he was even more puzzled as to why Luo Zheng knew Zhu Qianning. Furthermore, from Zhu Qianning's tone, it could be seen that she was blaming Luo Zheng for not looking for her. On the other hand, Luo Zheng himself was somewhat indifferent …

Chapter 184
Compared to Zhang Wuxian, Zhou Xian and Mo Can were much less surprised.
Such a delicate beauty came to complain that Luo Zheng didn't look for her. How charming was Brother Luo Zheng?
Also, when did Luo Zheng know Zhu Qianning? Was it during the Demon Slaying Trial?
"Well, Brother Luo Zheng, quickly introduce her to us. Is she our future sister-in-law?" Zhou Xian was older than Luo Zheng, so he said this with a smile.
Mo Can was even more direct. He stood up and saluted, "Hello, sister-in-law!"
"Don't talk nonsense!" Zhu Qianning rebuked, but there was a trace of shyness on her face. She didn't resist it very much.
Everyone present had discerning eyes. Who couldn't see it? Generally, such an answer probably meant that the woman was interested in the man!
"Good, good, good! Don't talk nonsense. You can call her sister-in-law in the future! " Mo Can said immediately. At the same time, he glanced at Mo Yu. Although Mo Can's character was naive, he wasn't stupid. When Zhu Qianning came in, he saw that Mo Yu was especially attentive to Zhu Qianning. He guessed that Mo Yu was interested in Zhu Qianning. At this moment, the more he teased, the more it made Mo Yu feel uncomfortable!
"Humph!" Zhu Qianning wrinkled her small nose and turned her head to call her sisters over, "Mo Yun, Hua Rong, Little Yu … Come here. Let me introduce you. He is Luo Zheng!"
Several girls squeezed over together. Pairs of beautiful eyes stared at Luo Zheng and sized him up. At the same time, they were also commenting.
"He is Luo Zheng! Zhu Qianning, you have always talked about this guy. It's true that hearing about him is not as good as meeting him in person. He is very handsome! "
"Yeah, his eyes are so bright. It seems like they are shining!"
"Wow, if I had known, I would have also participated in the Demon Slaying Trial and let him save me from the Demon Generals. How exciting!"
Luo Zheng didn't know that the story of him chasing Demon Generals alone and saving Zhu Qianning from the hands of five Demon Generals had already spread throughout Jade Maiden Peak!
Therefore, Luo Zheng's reputation in Jade Maiden Peak was even greater than Xiao Yufeng's.
In comparison, the process of Luo Zheng participating in the Demon Slaying Trial wasn't widely spread in Xiao Yufeng. Even those who participated in the Demon slaying Trial were tight-lipped's mouth didn didn't wantonly spread spread it.
The female disciples were all chattering. At this moment, only Mo Yun's expression was a bit unnatural.
As Zhu Qianning's best friend, Mo Yun naturally knew about Luo Zheng's matters. Zhu Qianning had described him more than once as a great hero. It wasn't just Zhu Qianning who said this. It wasn't just Zhu Qianning who participated in the Demon Slaying Trial. The other female disciples naturally also saw Luo Zheng's heroic appearance.
If it was another place, Mo Yun might be like Little Yu, Hua Rong, and the others, crowding around Luo Zheng and commenting on him.
However, the reason why Mo Yun invited Zhu Qianning over today was because her brother, Mo Yu, was pestering her. And Mo Yu was obviously interested in Zhu Qianning!
Mo Yun never thought that even though she invited Zhu Qianning, Luo Zheng himself would also come to her house.
And from the looks of it, it was Mo Can who brought Luo Zheng.
There were so many disciples in the Blue Cloud Sect. Even Xiao Yufeng had more than ten thousand disciples. Coincidentally, this Luo Zheng was Mo Can's good friend?
Mo Yun stealthily glanced at Moyu, who was not far away.
At this moment, Mo Yu's face was completely dark. His entire person seemed to be shrouded in a dark cloud.
For Mo Yu, Zhu Qianning was almost an unattainable goddess. She was destined to be an existence that Mo Yu admired and looked up to.
Mo Yu knew that his chances of wooing Zhu Qianning were slim, but that didn't mean that he didn't have the slightest chance.
Although the Mo Family had declined, it was still a noble family. Mo Yu's talent wasn't bad. If he worked hard, he had a certain chance of winning the position of the head of the Mo Family in the future.
If Mo Yu really did all this, he still had the qualifications to pursue Zhu Qianning.
Today, he was able to ask his sister to bring Zhu Qianning to Mok Province as a guest. Originally, it was a very happy thing.
In order to plan this matter, he had prepared for a long time. He had even meticulously prepared a few programs for Zhu Qianning. All of this was to please her!
But how could Mo Yu have imagined that this would happen when Zhu Qianning had just arrived in Mok Province? He saw that Zhu Qianning was clearly interested in that guy called Luo Zheng.
A deep sense of defeat surrounded Mo Yu's body. At this moment, he felt that all the strength in his body was dissipating. How could this be?
The few friends beside Mo Yu didn't look too good at this moment.
As Mo Yu's brothers, they knew very well that Mo Yu wanted to pursue Zhu Qianning. But now, the direction of the situation had exceeded their expectations.
Suddenly, Mo Yu clenched his fists tightly. A fierce and ruthless look appeared in his eyes. No matter what, this Luo Zheng had to die!
Seeing Mo Yu's sinister look, the person beside Mo Yu pressed his hand down. At the same time, he shook his head at Mo Yu. "Mo Yu, don't be agitated. The opponent's strength isn't weak. Furthermore, it would be a bad idea for you to make a move here."
Indeed, Mo Yu couldn't make a move here.
First of all, Luo Zheng's strength wasn't weak. The aura released by Luo Zheng just now was very astonishing. Although he was only at the Xiantian first stage, the principle that cultivation level didn't equal strength was understood by all the disciples from the Blue Cloud Sect. But from the words of those female disciples, it seemed that Luo Zheng had killed a Demon General!
What was the strength of a Demon General? Mo Yu and the others didn't participate in the Demon Slaying Trial, but they were also very clear about the various legends of Demon Generals. Take Egret Peak as an example. At the very least, one had to be ranked in the top 50 of the Inner Sect to be qualified to fight against a Demon General.
As for killing a Demon General, they hadn't heard of any Inner Sect disciple of Egret Peak who could do it.
Of course, they hadn't seen it with their own eyes, and the words of Zhu Qianning and those female disciples weren't necessarily trustworthy. Therefore, whether Luo Zheng could really kill a Demon General was a point worth discussing.
Even if Luo Zheng's strength was really similar to his cultivation level, which was at the Xiantian first stage, but if Mo Yu made a move in front of Zhu Qianning, it would be a very irrational behavior. This wouldn't let Zhu Qianning have a good impression of Mo Yu, and it would only increase her disgust for Mo Yu.
Hearing his brother's words, Mo Yu relaxed his fists. How could he not understand that it was very irrational to make a move against Luo Zheng at this time? Not to mention, today was his Mok Province party. If he made a move at this moment, then he was afraid that the following party would be ruined.
"I'll endure it. When the party is over, I'll properly entertain you! And Mo Can, he actually brought such a troublesome person back to the Mok Province. He simply doesn't want to live anymore. I'll endure it and make Mo Can beg for death in the future! " Looking at Zhu Qianning's smiling appearance towards Luo Zheng, Mo Yu's heart was bleeding. He thought bitterly in his heart and unconsciously clenched his fists. His five fingers clenched into the hollow of his palm, gouging out several wounds.
Luo Zheng's soul perception was far stronger than that of ordinary people.
Mo Yu did his best to restrain himself, but Luo Zheng could also feel his deep hostility.
This hostility was completely different from the previous hostility.
Before, Mo Yu's hostility towards him was a kind of contempt. Perhaps Mo Yu thought that Mo Can's friends only needed to be taught a lesson.
But now, Mo Yu's hostility was completely different. It was a kind of hostility that wouldn't rest until one of them was dead!
Facing Mo Yu's hostility, Luo Zheng didn't mind at all.
Since entering Mok Province, Luo Zheng, Zhang Wuxian, and Zhou Xian had been suppressing anger in their hearts.
Therefore, they needed a reason to vent, and at the same time, help Mo Can regain his rightful position in the family!
If Mo Yu became this reason, then it would be just right!
At this moment, four servants walked out of the guest hall. The four servants opened the door of the Mo family's guest hall and a dozen people walked out.
The person at the front had a thin goatee and a goatee. This was the head of the Mo family, Mo Xiuyan.
Luo Zheng sat by the table and secretly sized up Mo Xiuyan. He saw that this person's aura was restrained, but he faintly leaked a small amount of pressure. This was because he had restrained his True Yuan within his body. This person's strength should be at the Divine Reflection Realm.
"This is the head of the Mo family, Mo Xiuyan. He's also the only Divine Reflection Realm expert in the Mo family," Zhang Wuxian said in a low voice. His tone was full of disdain.
Needless to say, the seven noble families all had many Divine Reflection Realm experts. In the Zhang family, although very few people had reached the Divine Reflection Realm, the consecrators under their banner were basically all Divine Reflection Realm experts. In other words, only Divine Reflection Realm experts could be the consecrators of the Zhang family!
In any case, the Mo family was still a noble family. Until now, only Mo Xiuyan had reached the Divine Reflection Realm. Zhang Wuxian estimated that the Mo family's status as a noble family would be taken away sooner or later.
"Father!"
After standing up, Mo Yu quickly walked over to Mo Xiuyan and the others. At the same time, he deliberately glanced at Luo Zheng and the others.
After the short confrontation just now, Mo Yu had already regarded Luo Zheng as his greatest enemy.
However, Mo Yu didn't have much confidence. Under these circumstances, his first thought was to use his father's ability to suppress Luo Zheng.
However, in exchange for Mo Yu's gaze, Luo Zheng and Zhang Wuxian sneered.
In the eyes of others, a Divine Reflection Realm expert was a god-like existence.
However, in the eyes of Luo Zheng, Zhang Wuxian and the others, they were nothing more than that.
Zhang Wuxian didn't need to be mentioned. If he wanted to mobilize a Divine Reflection Realm expert stronger than Mo Xiuyan, he could do so with a single word.
Luo Zheng had personally faced off against a Divine Reflection Realm expert. He had once defeated a Divine Reflection Realm expert like Xu Xiu in Baidi City. He had also personally killed a Divine Reflection Realm expert in the Immortal Abode.
Although Luo Zheng knew that there was still a certain gap between his true strength and a Divine Reflection Realm expert's, he also knew that this gap wasn't too big.
"Yu 'er," Mo Xiuyan patted Mo Yu's shoulder and said in a clear voice, "I, Mo Xiuyan, am extremely honored that all of you have graced the Mok Province's gathering with your presence today. If there is anything that I have not done, please forgive me!"
"Patriarch Mo, you are too polite!"
"It is an honor to be invited to the Mok Province. Why does Patriarch Mo say this?"
Not all of the guests present were landowning households. For a gathering of the Mo Clan's level, true nobles naturally wouldn't attend.
Although the Mo Clan had declined, it was still a landowning household. Many of them still relied on the Mo Clan to make a living, so they were naturally very polite.
After being polite, Mo Xiuyan followed Mo Yu around to greet the guests.
Luo Zheng's table was also very lively at this moment.
＝＝＝＝＝

Chapter 185
Zhu Qianning refused to sit at the table set up by Mo Yu. Instead, she brought her sisters to sit at Luo Zheng's table, chattering away.
Zhou Xian, Mo Can, and the others chatted with them in full swing.
Although the Eastern Domain was strictly guarded against men and women, at a landowning household gathering, no one was so restrained. From time to time, laughter like silver bells would ring out from their table.
It had to be said that Mo Can was a naturally optimistic person. Even though he was bullied at home, he was still chatting and laughing. It was as if he had forgotten all the unpleasantness from before. From time to time, he would tell a joke, causing the female disciples to hold their bellies in laughter.
After a while, Mo Xiuyan and Mo Yu seated the guests at the other tables, they headed over.
Mo Xiuyan smiled as he faced Zhu Qianning and said, "Today is the Mok Province gathering. Family Zhu's eldest daughter is attending. Mo Xiuyan is extremely honored!"
In fact, Mo Xiuyan was being overly courteous this time.
After all, Mo Xiuyan was the head of the Family Zhu, the head of an entire clan. Moreover, he was also a Divine Realm expert. Even if Zhu Qianning was the apple of the Divine Needle Family Zhu's eye, Mo Xiuyan didn't need to be so courteous.
If a person was especially courteous to others, then he must have a motive!
Mo Xiuyan's motive wasn't hard to guess.
He already knew that his son was interested in Zhu Qianning.
Landowning households were extremely sensitive to this kind of news. Mo Xiuyan knew very well that if a declining landowning household like the Family Zhu were to cling onto the Divine Needle Family Zhu, it wouldn't be hard to imagine the benefits they would receive in the future.
However, if Zhu Qianning was only a collateral relative of Family Zhu, or even a direct descendant, Mo Xiuyan would not be so courteous and willing to condescend to give such courteous treatment to a female junior.
However, Mo Xiuyan was also a person who had fought his way through life in the Imperial Capital. What Zhang Wuxian knew, Mo Xiuyan also knew.
Zhu Qianning's position in the Family Zhu was very special. If his son and Zhu Qianning really got married, it would basically be like climbing up the big tree of Family Zhu!
Although Mo Xiuyan understood that this matter was very difficult, not only would he be able to fulfill his son's wish, but he would also be able to help the Mo Family get through this difficult period. With such great benefits, he had to give it a try.
Don't be fooled by Zhu Qianning's cheerful appearance. After all, she was born in a prestigious family and had been in this kind of situation for a long time since she was young.
Zhu Qianning quickly stood up and said, "Uncle Mo, you don't have to be so polite. I'm here today mainly because of Mo Yun's invitation. I'm not here to do you any honor."
Mo Xiuyan laughed and said, "No matter what, Qianning, you're here to bring honor to our Mok Province. As Mo Yun's good friend, as her uncle, I have to do something!"
After saying that, Mo Xiuyan took out a small brocade box from his sleeve. Then, he shook his hand slightly and the brocade box in his hand jumped open automatically, revealing a small bracelet inside the brocade box.
The bracelet was blood-red, but the red color was not dazzling. Instead, it gave people a warm feeling. Obviously, this bracelet was not ordinary.
"This Mixed Blood Bracelet is a greeting gift. Please accept it, Qianning," Mo Xiuyan said slowly.
Seeing the Mixed Blood Bracelet, Zhu Qianning's mouth twitched.
With Zhu Qianning's knowledge, she could tell at a glance that this Mixed Blood Bracelet was not ordinary.
If she was not wrong, this Mixed Blood Bracelet's raw material was actually carved out of Mixed Blood Jade. Mixed Blood Jade was a type of jade that came from the far east.
It was said that there was an Ashen Snow Mountain in the far east. It was said that the Ashen Snow Mountain was covered in ice and snow all year round. From afar, it looked like an ordinary snow mountain. There was nothing special about it.
However, every year in March and April, the peak of the Ashen Snow Mountain would erupt. Ordinary volcanic eruptions spewed out rolling lava, but the Ashen Snow Mountain spewed out a bright red liquid.
This bright red liquid was very similar to the blood in the human body. Therefore, the Ashen Snow Mountain was also called the Ashen Blood Mountain!
Before the Ashen Snow Mountain erupted, many people would go there. However, their goal was not the bright red liquid.
Not only was this liquid useless to humans, it was actually harmful. The bright red liquid contained poison. If humans came into contact with it for too long, they would be poisoned. Their faces would turn black, and they would die with sores all over their bodies. Therefore, most people did not dare to go there when the Ashen Snow Mountain erupted.
Only Xiantian lifeforms could isolate the bright red liquid from the outside of their bodies and prevent it from being poisoned.
The reason why these Xiantian lifeforms risked their lives to go there was because of the Mixed Blood Jade. This kind of jade would be sputtered out along with the Ashen Snow Mountain's eruption.
However, when it erupted every year, there would only be a few dozen or a few hundred pieces of Mixed Yuan Blood Jade. It was extremely rare. Most of the Xiantian lifeforms were just trying their luck. If they couldn't find any, then they were just unlucky. If they could find one or two pieces, then they would be extremely lucky. With the price of Mixed Yuan Blood Jade, even a single piece would be considered a windfall.
If this Mixed Blood Jade was worn on the body, it could soak blood energy into the skin. Over time, the blood energy in the body would become stronger. After a person's blood energy became stronger, not only would their strength increase, but their spirit would also become better!
With such a miraculous effect, the value of Mixed Blood Jade could be imagined.
Generally speaking, Mixed Blood Jade was not too big. Even if it was picked up, it would be processed into a jade pendant and hung around the neck.
For example, if the Mixed Blood Jade in Mo Xiuyan's hand was carved out of Mixed Blood Jade, it would require a fist-sized piece of Mixed Blood Jade. The value of this bracelet could be imagined.
However, although it was precious, Zhu Qianning didn't care about it.
With Zhu Qianning's status in the family, as long as she wanted, even the family heirlooms could be given to her …
Therefore, last time in Baidi City, Zhu Qianning had threatened Zhu Feihang that if he wasn't willing to pay to save Luo Zheng, she would sell the family heirlooms like the Taiyi Divine Needle …
The family heirlooms in Zhu Qianning's hands were far more valuable than the small Mo Family's. Every one of them was ten times or even a hundred times more valuable than this Mixed Blood Bracelet.
Therefore, although the Mixed Blood Bracelet was an extremely precious item to others, it was ordinary to Zhu Qianning.
Although it was ordinary, Zhu Qianning definitely couldn't accept it. She wasn't related to the Mo Family in any way. It would be inappropriate for her to give such a precious item to the Mo Family on her first visit.
Therefore, Zhu Qianning shook her head and said, "Uncle Mo, I can't accept this."
At this time, Mo Yu took the Mixed Blood Bracelet out of the brocade box and said to Zhu Qianning with a smile, "Qianning, what's the big deal about this? It's just a bracelet. Why can't you accept it? "
Zhu Qianning smiled slightly and said, "I don't deserve it. It's my first time in Mok Province. I shouldn't accept such a precious item."
"That's good. You can come to my house more often in the future. Isn't that good?" Mo Yu said with a smile.
Luo Zheng, who was sitting next to them, frowned slightly. He had never seen such shameless people. This father and son were really despicable. Zhu Qianning had said that she didn't want it, but they still insisted. This was too unsightly.
Just as Luo Zheng was about to step in and help Zhu Qianning, someone at the table suddenly said, "You can't give this bracelet to her!"
The person who spoke was Mo Can. At this moment, Mo Can's face was stern as he said, "You can't give this bracelet to others!"
Luo Zheng's face revealed a surprised expression.
Since entering Mok Province, Mo Can had been very tolerant. Even if the officials said bad words and neglected him, he endured it. Even Luo Zheng, Zhang Wuxian, and the others were bullied.
But why did Mo Can suddenly become so harsh?
And he was facing the head of the Mo family, Mo Xiuyan.
Mo Xiuyan saw that it was Mo Can who spoke. His face darkened, but he didn't say anything. Instead, Mo Yu jumped out and said, "Mo Can, remember, this is not the place for you to speak!"
This time, Mo Can refused to back down. He shook his head and said, "I want to say that you can't give this bracelet to others. This bracelet belonged to my father. Since my father died, this blood jade bracelet has been missing. So it's in your hands!"
"Can 'er, you can't talk nonsense. After you lost your father, I've been treating you well. Why do you say that?" Mo Xiuyan was the head of the family. At this moment, his nephew exposed some of his lies. Naturally, his face didn't look good. However, he didn't want to confront Mo Can, so he could only change the topic.
"Treating me well?" Mo Can shook his head in disappointment. "Third Uncle, I don't care whether you treated me well or not. You and I both know that the dignified Mo family wasn't willing to give me a landowning household document. I had to work hard to get into the Blue Cloud Sect. I won't care about these small things. After my father died, you didn't treat him as a landowning household member. I won't care about this kind of unfilial thing. But let me ask you, why did my father's blood jade bracelet disappear after his death? Why is it in your hands now?"
Hearing Mo Can's question, Mo Xiuyan's eyes flashed with a hint of panic. However, he was, after all, an expert who had been famous for a long time. He quickly calmed down and even smiled. "Can 'er, you're thinking too much. This blood jade bracelet is not your father's."
"Is that so? Third Uncle, could it be that you think I was young and didn't remember? But I clearly remember that there were four large words engraved on the back of the blood jade bracelet. It was' Dragon and Phoenix Bring Prosperity '. Beside those four words, there was a row of small seals. Could it be that Third Uncle wants to say that this blood jade bracelet originally had a pair? "
As soon as Mo Can finished speaking, everyone followed his gaze and looked at the blood jade bracelet. Sure enough, there were four words engraved on the inside of the blood jade bracelet. It was' Dragon and Phoenix Bring Prosperity '.

Chapter 186
After all, Mo Can had made a solemn vow. No matter what, Mo Xiuyan couldn't argue his way out of it.
Of course, for the strong, when they couldn't win an argument, they would use their power to oppress others. Mo Xiuyan said coldly, "Can 'er, there are important guests here today. Don't talk nonsense. We can discuss these family matters later!"
Mo Can also became stubborn. Even in front of the family head, he didn't have the slightest intention of backing down. "Third Uncle, we can discuss it later. But today, you can't give away this blood jade bracelet. It doesn't belong to you!"
"Shut up!" Mo Yu finally couldn't bear it anymore.
Mo Yu really regretted it. If he had known this would happen, he would have taken action from the beginning. Before Zhu Qianning arrived, he would have directly kicked out Mo Can and Mo Can's group of people.
He didn't expect that by keeping them here, they would cause such trouble. For no reason at all, Zhu Qianning saw them as a joke.
This was indeed a big joke. After all, the thing he gave away as a gift actually had an owner! Thinking that because of Mo Can, he was looked down upon by Zhu Qianning, Mo Yu's heart surged with killing intent.
Mo Xiuyan didn't say anything. After all, he was an elder. The bigger the trouble, the more he couldn't back down. He could only wait and see. The best way was for his son to suppress Mo Can!
Mo Can was born a coward. He was a good-for-nothing. He was afraid of his son since he was young. Maybe because of Mo Yu's roar, he would back down.
Mo Can didn't back down. At the same time, he didn't say anything. This was because someone spoke before Mo Can.
The person who spoke was Luo Zheng.
"Shut up? Why did you ask Mo Can to shut up? " Luo Zheng said with a smile. However, there was no smile in his eyes. After this farce, Luo Zheng finally understood that today's gathering was destined to be chaotic. He could only jump out at the most appropriate time.
"You also shut up. This is my Mo family's territory. You are just a small outer sect disciple. What right do you have to speak?" Compared to Mo Can, Mo Yu hated Luo Zheng even more!
Mo Can suddenly stood up and said in a strong tone, "Luo Zheng is my friend. I am a member of the Mo family.. Of course, he has the right to speak!"
Today's Mo Family gathering was supposed to be a joyous occasion. Now that there were some arguments, everyone lowered their voices.
However, Mo Can's voice immediately attracted the guests' gazes.
"You are a member of the Mo family? Haha! Mo Can, do you have a place in the Mo family? Then let me tell you, from today onwards, you, Mo Can, have no right to take a step into the Mo Clan! Come, kick him out! " Mo Yu had completely shed all pretenses of cordiality. He was now planning to kick Mo Can and his friends out first. Then, he would think of a way to deal with them!
Under Mo Yu's shout, a few servants immediately rushed over with water and fire sticks in their hands.
Seeing this scene, Mo Can smiled dejectedly and shook his head. He was quite sad. He opened his mouth to say something, but no words came out. After a while, he patted Luo Zheng's shoulder and signaled Luo Zheng, Zhang Wuxian, and Zhou Xian to leave with him.
Seeing Mo Can's dead appearance, Luo Zheng's heart trembled slightly. Thinking back to when he was in the Luo family, he also suffered a lot. Today, he must help Mo Can get back at him.
Luo Zheng shook his head and suddenly laughed: "Mo Can's surname is Mo. He is a member of the Mo family, and he is my friend. Let's see who dares to kick Mo Can out today!"
Mo Yu sneered and waved his hand. The servants smashed the water and fire sticks in their hands towards Luo Zheng.
Facing these servants, Luo Zheng frowned and suddenly waved his arm. When the water and fire sticks touched them, they were immediately cut into several pieces. At the same time, he kicked them.
"Get lost!"
Those servants were only in the Refining Marrow stage. How could they dodge Luo Zheng's kick? In a flash, Luo Zheng kicked them one by one and sent them flying.
"They are fighting! Isn't that Xiantian stage one boy too arrogant? He actually dares to hit people in Mok Province? "
"Even if the Mo family has declined, it is still a landowning household. Mo Xiuyan is also a Divine Reflection stage powerhouse. How can a Xiantian stage one junior act so violently?"
"He is making trouble like this and damaging Mo Xiuyan's face. He is dead. That boy is dead for sure!"
At this moment, many guests were no longer in the mood to eat. They left their tables one after another to watch.
At this moment, Mo Yu didn't have time to please Zhu Qianning. He sneered: "Those who dare to make trouble in our Mok Province won't be able to get out alive!" As he spoke, Moyu tapped his finger, and a long spear popped out from his hand. He pointed it at Luo Zheng. "Since you've made up your mind to fight, you should also be prepared to die!"
Seeing that a fight was about to break out, Zhu Qianning retreated to the side with several female disciples of Jade Maiden Peak.
At this moment, Mo Yun's face was also deathly pale. She was somewhat anxious in her heart: "Brother, don't fight. Let's just forget about this matter!"
"Shut up, Mo Yun. This has nothing to do with you. This boy dares to make trouble in our Mo family. He must pay for his actions!" At this moment, Mo Yu's only thought was to take Luo Zheng's life!
Mo Xiuyan was an elder and a Divine Reflection stage powerhouse. With his status, it was inappropriate for him to participate in this kind of dispute in public. Moreover, among the people brought by Mo Can, the strongest one was only at Xiantian stage one. Presumably, his strength was far inferior to his son's, so he didn't need to take action.
Even so, he didn't forget to say: "Yun 'er, this matter has nothing to do with you. If the younger generation wants to learn from each other, let them do it!" Although he said this, people with discerning eyes could see that Mo Xiuyan was encouraging his son to teach Luo Zheng a lesson.
Mo Yun bit her lips but didn't dare to say anything.
On the contrary, Zhu Qianning calmly looked at Mo Yun and asked: "Mo Yun, what are you worried about?"
Mo Yun shook her head and said: "Sister Qianning, I am afraid that my brother will be at a disadvantage."
Although Mo Yun also felt that Mo Yu was wrong, Mo Yu was her brother after all.
As Zhu Qianning's close friend, Mo Yun had heard of Luo Zheng's legendary stories from Zhu Qianning. She understood that Luo Zheng's strength was not as simple as it seemed on the surface!
Zhu Qianning smiled: "Your brother won't be at a disadvantage."
Mo Yun blinked and asked: "Why?"
"Because he doesn't even have the qualifications to fight Luo Zheng. If it were your father, it would be more likely," Zhu Qianning said indifferently.
Mo Yun's eyes suddenly widened and her face was full of disbelief. Although she had heard from Zhu Qianning that Luo Zheng had fought against the Yao General and had a conflict with the Family Zhuge in Baidi City, she knew that Luo Zheng's strength was tyrannical. But to say that Luo Zheng's strength was comparable to that of a Divine Reflection stage powerhouse was too unbelievable.
Zhu Qianning felt that her judgment was correct.
When Luo Zheng was in Baidi City, he used his special True Qi to almost kill Xu Xiu!
At that time, Luo Zheng was only a half-step into the Xiantian realm and had not entered the Xiantian realm.
Now that Luo Zheng was a Xiantian lifeform, his strength had greatly increased. Even if Luo Zheng could not defeat a Divine Reflection stage powerhouse, he still had the qualifications to fight!
However, although Zhu Qianning said this, she still had a trace of worry in her heart. In any case, this was the capital of the Burning Sky Empire, and Zhu Qianning's Family Zhuge was not far from here. She was thinking that if Mo Xiuyan really wanted to fight, she would immediately summon the experts of her clan!
At this moment, there was another person who had the same thoughts as Zhu Qianning. This person was Zhang Wuxian.
Zhang Wuxian understood Luo Zheng's strength. Dealing with Mo Yu was not a problem, but Mo Xiuyan had already entered the Divine Reflection stage for many years. Although Mo Xiuyan was not an outstanding figure in the Divine Reflection stage, his age was still there. Luo Zheng was not his match. If Mo Xiuyan really did not care about face and wanted to suppress Luo Zheng, then Zhang Wuxian would have no choice but to act.
Mo Yu hated Luo Zheng to the core. His long spear jumped out from his spatial ring and stabbed out.
Mo Yu's spear technique was very unique. His long spear was not long. Compared to a normal eight foot long spear, his spear was a full three feet shorter!
Moreover, the entire spear shaft was made from the 'Wind Willow Tree Core'. This type of Wind Willow Tree Core was extremely light. It was said that a hundred year old Wind Willow Tree that was as thick as a water bucket would not weigh more than a hundred pounds. If it was cut down to the ground, even an ordinary adult would be able to carry it.
The Wind Willow Tree Core was the essence of the Wind Willow Tree, so it was even lighter.
Using the Wind Willow Tree Core to forge a spear shaft not only made the spear shaft extremely tough, but also made its weight almost negligible.
Because the spear was light, the speed of his spear was extremely fast.
In the blink of an eye, Mo Yu's spear had already stabbed out twelve times.
When he stabbed out with his spear, it was enough to make him laugh proudly in the same realm. This was because the main attack method of the spear was to rely on the spearpoint to cause piercing damage. This type of damage was often much more destructive than 'sword stabs' or 'saber slashes'.
However, the spear also had a shortcoming, and that was that it was too slow to draw back. If you stabbed out with your spear and your opponent dodged, then the opponent would follow your spear shaft and attack you. At this time, the spear user would often find it difficult to deal with.
However, Mo Yu's spear was short, so whether it was drawing back or drawing back, it was extremely fast. This basically covered up the spear's shortcoming.
Moreover, when Mo Yu stabbed out with his spear, he also poured his true essence into the spear, forming a sharp Astral Spear!
These Astral Spears extended three feet from the spearpoint, effectively making up for the length of the spear.
Mo Xiuyan saw his son's spear technique and couldn't help but nod his head, his face revealing an expression of praise.
Mo Yu had always been Mo Xiuyan's hope. From a young age, Mo Yu's comprehension ability was astonishing. Moreover, when he was fourteen years old and was playing in the outskirts of the imperial capital, he met an expert who taught him a set of 'Willow Spear Arts'. This set of spear arts, Mo Xiuyan had personally investigated, and it was actually a set of Heaven Ranked Cultivation Technique.
His son had such a great opportunity, so his father naturally hoped that he would become a talent, surpass him, and lead the Mo Family to another peak.
Therefore, Mo Xiuyan used up all of the Mo Family's resources to help Mo Yu create the 'Wild Willow Spear'.
The Mo Family had been in decline these past few years, so Mo Xiuyan had bet the majority of his fortune on his son!

Chapter 187
In front of so many people, Mo Yu still wanted to show off. At this moment, he gathered all the Zhen Yuan in his body and poured it into the spear shaft. The Astral Spear shot out from the tip of the spear. It was full and fierce, and each Astral Spear was aimed straight at Luo Zheng!
"Hey, Junior Brother Mo's strength has improved again. Look, his Astral Spear has grown two inches!"
"Junior Brother Mo has not been in the inner sect for long, but his perception is really good. The speed of his strength improvement is making me feel scared!"
"Xiao Yufeng's boy is going to be miserable. Mo Yu doesn't seem to be holding back. These twelve spears are all aimed at that boy's vital points."
The disciples of Egret Peak brought by Mo Yu were whispering to each other.
Everyone was a warrior and also came from the inner sect of Egret Peak, so they understood each other very well.
Mo Can, Zhou Xian, and Zhang Wuxian had already retreated to the side. They were not worried about Luo Zheng at all.
After getting along with Luo Zheng for so long, Luo Zheng had given them a series of experiences of the weak defeating the strong. The idea of strength based on cultivation realm was simply not applicable to Luo Zheng.
As for how strong Luo Zheng was, and what kind of powerhouses he could deal with, they had no idea. However, they only needed to understand one truth, and that was to never underestimate Luo Zheng. Anyone who underestimated Luo Zheng would eventually suffer.
Luo Zheng stood in the same place, looking at Mo Yu's spear with a faint smile on his face.
Mo Yu's spear was indeed fast. In the Xiantian first stage, there were very few people who could reach the speed of Mo Yu's spear.
However, speed was relative.
In the eyes of others, Mo Yu's spear was fast, but in Luo Zheng's eyes, Mo Yu's speed was not worth mentioning!
Twelve spear thrusts were launched in an instant, and each of these twelve spear thrusts were aimed at Luo Zheng's vital points. If someone was not strong enough, it would be very difficult to dodge, because in their eyes, these twelve spear thrusts were launched almost at the same time.
However, Luo Zheng understood that no matter how fast he was, there would always be a sequence to every shot.
However, the speed of the spear strikes would create gaps, which were large enough for Luo Zheng to dodge.
Therefore, when the 12 spears stabbed towards Luo Zheng, Luo Zheng's figure suddenly became blurry.
"He was stabbed? Die! " Mo Yu's face revealed a ferocious expression. Apart from the ferocious expression, there was also a trace of excitement. Hehe, so what if Zhu Qianning likes you? Wasn't he still stabbed into a sieve by me?
But soon, Mo Yu was stunned.
He realized that all twelve of his spear strikes had hit nothing!
Every time the spear pierced out, the person it touched was only an afterimage.
The first was an afterimage, the second was an afterimage. Every spear strike was an afterimage?
How was this possible? How could he have such a terrifying speed?
Mo Yu's spear was light, and coupled with his Heaven Tier Spear Art, it was understandable that he could achieve such a terrifying speed.
However, how did Luo Zheng achieve such a high speed? How could he keep his body moving at such a high speed while dodging?
At this moment, Mo Yu's face was blank, as if he had seen a ghost. His face was full of disbelief.
Mo Xiuyan, who was watching the battle from behind, also had a shocked expression in his eyes.
As the saying goes, the expert sees the skill, while the layman sees the excitement. Compared to other people, he could clearly see how extraordinary Luo Zheng's movement technique was!
Purely from the perspective of movement technique, Luo Zheng's movement technique was not outstanding. This was because Luo Zheng did not practice any other movement technique other than 《Demonic God Fist》. Therefore, his movement technique did not contain any special techniques.
It was precisely because of this that Luo Zheng was able to dodge Mo Yu's spear, which was even more commendable!
This kid only maintained a high speed to dodge Mo Yu's spear. This speed …
Even a powerhouse who had just stepped into the Divine Reflection Realm would find it difficult to do so.
Was this kid really at the Xiantian Realm first stage?
Or was he deliberately concealing his cultivation, and was actually a Divine Reflection Realm powerhouse?
Impossible! Mo Xiuyan immediately rejected the idea in his heart.
When a martial artist entered the Xiantian Realm, he could retract the vital essence in his body into his dantian and conceal his aura, making it impossible for others to see his cultivation and realm.
However, a person with a lower realm would not be able to disguise himself in front of someone with a higher realm.
Mo Xiuyan did not believe that this kid was stronger than himself!
Zhu Qianning watched with interest as Luo Zheng moved among Mo Yu's spear aura, a slight smile on her face.
Ever since the Demon Slaying Trial and her return to Jade Maiden Peak, she had not stopped talking. She kept saying "How is Luo Zheng?" "How is Luo Zheng?" She said it three times as calmly as water. Some of her sisters were already on the verge of breaking down. Towards the end, these sisters joked, probably to provoke Zhu Qianning.
"Is that so? Is Luo Zheng as powerful as you said?"
"If he's so strong, why isn't he on the Master List?"
Her sisters often said such strange things. Although they were joking, Zhu Qianning remembered them in her heart.
Today, she would let her sisters see whether Luo Zheng had the strength or not!
Mo Yun, who was standing beside Zhu Qianning, had a nervous expression on her face.
Mo Yun's strength was not high. She was only at Xiantian stage one. With her strength and cultivation, she could not see through her brother's spear techniques, nor could she see through Luo Zheng's movement techniques. However, in her opinion, the difficulty of dodging Mo Yu's spear techniques was definitely higher than dodging Mo Yu's spear attacks!
She saw her brother's deathly pale face and Luo Zheng's carefree appearance. It was as if he did not put Mo Yu in his eyes at all. He was like a cat playing with a mouse. He was only playing with her brother!
It seemed that it was really as Zhu Qianning had said ….
Her brother, Mo Yu, simply did not have the qualifications to fight with Luo Zheng.
Looking at Luo Zheng's appearance, he was simply too lazy to fight back. If he really did fight back, would her brother be able to dodge his move?
She did not like this kind of inference because the result was very cruel.
At this time, the other sisters also did not forget to chatter.
"Wow, this Luo Zheng's speed is really fast. Look at his dodging movements. So cool!"
"Xiantian stage one can have such speed. He is really a one in a million genius. What a pity, what a pity …." Behind Zhu Qianning, the sister named Hua Rong sighed.
"Yes, he came back and didn't even look at our sister Qianning. Could it be that his heart belongs to someone else?" Another sister named Xiao Yu said with a playful tone.
"You two, if you continue to talk nonsense, be careful that I will tear your mouths apart!" Zhu Qianning pretended to be angry and raised her fist to hit her sister. It was clear that she was not worried about Luo Zheng at all. At this time, she was still in the mood to play with her sister.
"Impossible, you can't have this speed!" Mo Yu could not accept this result. He tightly grasped his long spear with both hands and took deep breaths. His expression was unusually agitated.
Luo Zheng indifferently looked at Mo Yu and shook his head: "The most important thing for a warrior is to have a calm heart. Especially for a fast attack like yours, you need to be calm while moving. Only by calming yourself down can you be faster ….. but, your heart is already in a mess."
"I don't want to listen to your nonsense!" Mo Yu raised his long spear and once again stabbed towards Luo Zheng. This time, his spear technique was unusually frantic.
When Mo Yu's heart was in a mess, his speed was greatly reduced.
When Mo Yu was calm, he could stab twelve times in a blink of an eye. But now, under the crazy roar, he could only stab eight times in a blink of an eye ….
With this kind of speed, it was even more impossible to hurt Luo Zheng.
Hearing Luo Zheng's words, Mo Xiuyan's heart was slightly shaken. Luo Zheng's words were indeed a principle that warriors needed to believe in, and it was also the most important point.
No matter what kind of situation one faced, even if it was a sure-death situation, one had to maintain a calm heart and calm oneself down.
Many times, when faced with an unsolvable situation, rage and anger were useless. These negative emotions would only make one die faster.
Completely calm oneself down and use keen insight to find a way out. This was the mentality that a warrior should have, and it was also the best mentality!
Mo Xiuyan only understood this principle after he was over forty years old.
But this kid in front of him, who was only in his teens, had actually understood this principle. This kid was really monstrous!
On the other hand, his own son, Mo Yu, was completely dominated by anger. At this moment, the spear in Mo Yu's hand was longer, thicker, and more powerful. It looked like it had more killing power.
But in reality, his speed had decreased instead of increasing. The tip of the spear had already lost its accuracy, and was randomly stabbing ….
Mo Yu was simply not a match for this kid. The strength of the two was simply not on the same level ….
Luo Zheng still used his extremely high speed, and shuttled back and forth between the spears.
After Mo Yu stabbed out forty-five times, he finally realized that no matter what he did, he would not be able to hit Luo Zheng. Thus, he roared loudly, and waved his spear, sweeping it towards Luo Zheng.
"Let's see how you dodge!" Mo Yu roared.
Luo Zheng did not dodge. Instead, he gently stretched out his hand, and grabbed Mo Yu's spear shaft.
Mo Yu wanted to pull the spear shaft out of Luo Zheng's hand, but when he pulled, he felt as if the spear was embedded in Luo Zheng's hand, and did not move at all.
This showed that his strength was far inferior to Luo Zheng's!
What the hell was this guy ….
Mo Yu's eyes revealed a panic-stricken expression. Not only was this kid's speed much faster than his, but his strength was also so terrifying. How could a Xiantian stage one have such strength? Was there any reason in this world?
In Mo Yu's view of the world, didn't warriors pay attention to step-by-step progress?
Although he understood that one's realm did not represent everything, but in many cases, one's realm was a reference standard. Otherwise, there would not be such a division of realms in this world.
But in front of Luo Zheng, this division of strength was completely ineffective!
Luo Zheng grabbed the spear shaft. His hand suddenly shook slightly, and then there was a burst of violent vibration.
This kind of vibration technique was learned from those fishmen in the Fantasy Fish Pond. When Luo Zheng's hand began to vibrate, the light spear shaft also began to vibrate.
Mo Yu suddenly felt a burst of numbness in his hands. He simply could not hold his spear.
＝＝＝＝＝

Chapter 188
Immediately, Luo Zheng used all his strength to pull out the long spear and brandished the spear towards Mo Yu's head.
At this time, Mo Yu was completely dumbfounded and stood in the same place like a fool. He did not know how to resist. Luo Zheng had completely destroyed all his pride and confidence in himself.
Just when the spear was about to hit Mo Yu's head, a blue Yuan Qi formed a shield and blocked in front of Mo Yu.
The spear shaft heavily struck the blue shield, emitting a 'dong' sound.
The shield was so solid that it did not have the slightest reaction after being hit by the spear. Moreover, the huge rebound force even bent the spear and hit Luo Zheng instead.
Luo Zheng turned around and avoided the rebound force of the spear. At the same time, he used the rebound force to once again hit the shield with the spear.
"Dong, dong, dong … …"
Luo Zheng hit the blue shield seven or eight times in a row but was unable to break it. Then, Luo Zheng smiled and threw the long spear on the ground. His eyes indifferently looked behind Mo Yu.
The person who blocked Luo Zheng's attack was the head of Mo family, Mo Xiuyan.
"Boy, you have already defeated my son. What else do you want?" Mo Xiuyan said in a cold voice.
In all fairness, Mo Xiuyan admired such a junior. He was already at the Xiantian first stage and had such strength. In the future, when this boy grew up, wouldn't he be unstoppable?
But there was no other way. This boy was standing on Mo Can's side and he was on the opposite side. Therefore, Mo Xiuyan did not cherish this talent.
"What do you think? Just now, he wanted to take my life. Don't tell me I can't teach him a lesson? You are his father. Seeing your own son being so vicious, you don't care and instead ask me what I think? Isn't this the biggest joke in the world? "Luo Zheng said with a smile on his face, but his words did not yield.
Hearing Luo Zheng's words, Mo Xiuyan felt his face burning.
Today, the people who came to the Mo family's gathering were not important figures, but most of them were businessmen who relied on the Mo family to make a living. Although many of them were not warriors, but they were definitely influential figures.
He was a dignified Divine level powerhouse. How could he get out of this situation after being scolded by a boy?
"You are an outsider and you dare to cause trouble in our Mo family. What is my son's fault?" As an elder, Mo Xiuyan still wanted to be reasonable even though he really wanted to kill Luo Zheng right now.
"Fault? Cause trouble? The people of the Mo family are indeed comical. I accompanied my good friend, Mo Can, to a gathering. How is that fooling around? From the beginning, your son's to cause to cause to cause trouble... . "Luo Zheng's words were sharp." You coveted a junior's family heirloom and refused to return it. As the head of the family, is this not causing trouble? "
Hearing Luo Zheng's words, Mo Can was the happiest!
In front of so many people, Mo Can was almost about to cry!
What was backbone? Luo Zheng was a man of integrity! Even in the face of a Divine level powerhouse, he would not yield in the slightest!
Poor Mo Can. He had endured at home for so many years, but in the end, he still needed Luo Zheng to stand up for him.
Thinking of this, Mo Can suddenly took two steps forward and shouted, "Third Uncle! A few years ago, you told me that my father died under a barrage of arrows. You told me that you were not present when he died. But after the blood jade bracelet disappeared, it now mysteriously appeared in your hands! What are you hiding? Could it be that my father was killed by you? "
The moment he saw the blood jade bracelet, Mo Can couldn't stop himself from thinking this.
Mo Can had never doubted the cause of his father's death.
However, his third uncle had solemnly vowed that he was not present when his father died. Since he was not present, how could he have taken his father's blood jade bracelet?
Why would he lie?
If he hadn't killed his father, he wouldn't have needed to tell such a lie!
Mo Xiuyan was a man who had lived for decades. A cold smile appeared on his face. "Can 'er, you can go to his grave and ask your father how he died. As your third uncle, I'm afraid I can't answer your question!"
"Okay, since you can't answer my question, I'll ask you again. Why is the blood jade bracelet in your hands?" Mo Can asked again.
Mo Xiuyan couldn't avoid the question of the blood jade bracelet.
However, Mo Xiuyan didn't intend to answer this question. Instead, he stared coldly at Mo Can. "You don't know what's good for you. I, Mo Xiuyan, have treated you well. Is this the tone you use to speak to your third uncle?"
"Treated me well?" Mo Can's face was filled with a bitter smile. "Hahaha, Mo Xiuyan, you bully me for being weak, for being young and ignorant. But have you ever thought that I'm not a fool? As the legitimate son of the Mo family, when have I received even one percent of Mo Yu's treatment? Even if these servants are riding on my head, as the head of the family, if you treat me well, how could they dare to treat me like this? Do you think I don't know that this is all your doing? You just want to force me out of the Mo family … "
"You have no respect for your seniors. Today, I'll teach you a lesson on behalf of your dead father!" Mo Xiuyan didn't allow Mo Can to continue speaking. With a wave of his hand, blue elemental energy formed, transforming into a blue longsword.
The light blue longsword hadn't fully formed, but the tip of the sword was already pointed at Mo Can.
How was this teaching Mo Can a lesson?! It was clearly taking Mo Can's life!
Today's gathering was basically all of the Mo family members.
However, at this moment, not a single Mo family member came out to say anything, or stop him.
Seeing the cold gazes of the surrounding Mo family members, Mo Can's heart turned cold. To him, Mo Can, this family no longer had the slightest bit of attachment.
"Hehe, I don't need this kind of elder. You don't have the right to teach Mo Can a lesson!" Just as the blue longsword was thrusting towards Mo Can, Luo Zheng punched out. The purplish black shadow of his fist collided with the blue longsword.
At the moment of impact, Luo Zheng's mind moved, and the power of the stars within his Heavenly Demon Vital Energy exploded.
"Boom!"
When the starlight exploded, it emitted a destructive force that instantly swallowed Mo Xiuyan's blue longsword.
Seeing that Luo Zheng had blocked his attack, Mo Xiuyan's face completely darkened.
The reason why Mo Xiuyan didn't touch Luo Zheng all this time was because he had some reservations in his heart.
To have such strength at such a young age, could it be that he was the disciple of some almighty being?
Mo Xiuyan had to be careful when dealing with such a person.
Therefore, even though Mo Yu had lost to him, Mo Xiuyan didn't make things too difficult for him. Defeat wasn't necessarily a bad thing. Being able to teach his son that there was always someone better than him might be a kind of motivation for him.
But this kid actually didn't know when to back down! He wanted to teach Mo Can a lesson, but this kid still dared to stop him!
"Hmph, do you really think that there's no price to pay for fighting in my Mok Province?"
As soon as Mo Xiuyan's voice fell, his blue Vital Energy shot up into the sky like wisps of flames. The Vital Energy was burning wildly!
How terrifying was the aura of a Divine Reflection Realm expert?
The people standing not far from Mo Xiuyan were forced back by the aura.
The blue Vital Energy floated in the air. As it burned, it started to transform into all kinds of weapons.
Knives, swords, staffs, spears …
In the face of a Divine Reflection Realm expert, Luo Zheng's expression turned serious.
"This person's Vital Energy can transform into so many different things. It looks like his visualization is rather heterogeneous." The Sky Demon Vital Energy in Luo Zheng's arm also started to merge with the Phoenix Soaring Crystal.
Mo Xiuyan's strength was even greater than Xu Xiu's …
Although he understood that standing up for Mo Can would mean a direct confrontation with Mo Xiuyan, he hadn't expected it to be so soon!
But at this moment, he couldn't back down.
Luo Zheng was beyond angry at all the things that had happened to Mo Can. Today, no matter what, he had to demand an explanation from the Mo Family.
Luo Zheng raised his fists, strands of dark purple Sky Demon Vital Energy condensing in his fists. Against a Divine Reflection Realm expert, Luo Zheng couldn't afford the slightest bit of carelessness. He had to go all out.
Zhang Wuxian's brows were also furrowed. With Luo Zheng's strength, it would be a bit of a stretch to face off against a Divine Reflection Realm expert. Thinking of this, Zhang Wuxian spread out his hands and lightly swiped his finger across a medallion on his chest. An invisible wave of energy rippled out.
Zhang Wuxian didn't know that someone else was doing the exact same thing as him. This person was naturally Zhu Qianning.
"This guy really knows how to stir up trouble … he came to eat a meal, and now he's fighting with the head of the Mo Family …" Zhu Qianning pursed her lips. But beauty was in the eye of the beholder. Even so, Zhu Qianning was still quite pleased with herself.
How many Xiantian lifeforms in this world dared challenge a Divine Reflection Realm expert?
At least to this day, Zhu Qianning had only seen Luo Zheng.
And Luo Zheng was only at Xiantian first stage.
If he continued to cultivate in the future and ascended to peak Xiantian great circle, even Divine Reflection Realm experts wouldn't be Luo Zheng's match.
Although Luo Zheng's actions were very cool in Zhu Qianning's heart, she still worried for Luo Zheng.
Mo Xiuyan wasn't weak. He was definitely stronger than Xu Xiu.
Just to be on the safe side, she unscrewed the Thousand Mile Button in her hand.
Although the Burning Sky Imperial City was large, it would only take an instant for a Divine Reflection Realm powerhouse to rush over.
By now, Mo Xiuyan had already launched an attack on Luo Zheng.
Mo Xiuyan's cultivation method was very special. Ordinary martial artists transformed their vital energy into an object.
Some people liked to use swords, so their vital energy was very likely to transform into a sword. Of course, even more swordsmen chose to transform their vital energy into sword radiance to increase the power of their swords.
Xu Xiu, for example, transformed his vital energy into a dragon. Under normal circumstances, he'd send out a five-clawed golden dragon.
However, Mo Xiuyan was able to conjure many different weapons.
From large meteor hammers and large axes to small hidden weapons and darts, they were all different shapes and sizes.

Chapter 189
Clang!
Facing a blue meteor hammer that was spiraling toward him, Luo Zheng smashed it into pieces with a single punch.
Whoosh whoosh whoosh …
As soon as Luo Zheng dealt with the meteor hammer, several more sharp arrows shot toward him. Luo Zheng was like a butterfly, shuttling between the arrows.
Whoosh whoosh!
After dodging the arrows, a giant sword slashed down at Luo Zheng's head. While dodging, Luo Zheng slapped the giant sword with his palm. Using the destructive power of the stars, he broke the giant sword into two pieces, which turned into bits of true essence and slowly dissipated.
"There are too many weapons …"
A Divine Reflection expert was much stronger than a Xiantian lifeform.
Logically speaking, Mo Xiuyan's attacks should be less powerful because there were too many types of true essence transformations.
With Luo Zheng's defense and speed, he felt that he might be able to put up a fight.
But Luo Zheng's judgment was wrong.
After all, a Divine Reflection expert was a level higher than him. Mo Xiuyan's weapons were like a river, flowing endlessly.
And each weapon was different. Luo Zheng found it even harder to find a pattern.
He could only run for his life.
"Humph, you overconfident junior. Today, I'll let you know the price of arrogance!" Mo Xiuyan was also holding back his anger. This Luo Zheng really didn't take him seriously. Then he'd let him know the difference between a Xiantian lifeform and a Divine Reflection expert.
After Mo Xiuyan finished speaking, the blue light that burst out of his body became even more intense. In mid-air, the number of weapons formed by Quintessential Essence instantly doubled. As soon as these weapons appeared, they rushed towards Luo Zheng from different directions.
Luo Zheng was going all out.
If he encountered a weapon he could break, he would meet it head-on. If he encountered a weapon that was too fast, he would use his speed advantage to dodge.
Mo Xiuyan was truly angry. That was why he'd attacked Luo Zheng.
In fact, it was humiliating enough for a Divine Reflection expert to suppress a junior.
He was different from Xu Xiu.
Xu Xiu was a soldier. In Baidi City, he didn't have any misgivings. In the military, there was no concept of bullying the weak!
But Mo Xiuyan was different. The Mo family was a landowning household in the capital, and he was the head of the family. If he really went all out to deal with a Xiantian stage one junior, it wouldn't be justifiable.
But this kid's strength was definitely not as simple as it seemed on the surface.
He constantly summoned all kinds of weapons to suppress this kid, but they weren't much of a threat. Occasionally, one or two weapons could injure him, but they didn't cause any real damage ….
This made Mo Xiuyan very hesitant. Should he use more severe methods?
While Mo Xiuyan was hesitating, Luo Zheng had already thought of a solution.
Although there were many weapons, Luo, Luo
Because there were too many of these weapons, the power of each weapon was far inferior to Xu Xiu's Five-clawed Golden Dragon.
It was just that there were too many of them for Luo Zheng to deal with.
Facing the whirling weapons, Luo Zheng's fists suddenly started to vibrate.
Vibrating his fists with a very small amplitude was equivalent to causing multiple injuries to the objects his fists collided with in a short time.
The effect of Luo Zheng's move was immediate.
Any weapon that rushed towards Luo Zheng, as long as it came into contact with his fist, would be shattered by his fist.
"Peng! Peng! Peng! "
Every time Luo Zheng punched out, a weapon would be shattered.
Although Mo Xiuyan summoned many weapons, Luo Zheng's punches weren't slow either. The situation was in a deadlock.
Seeing Luo Zheng shuttling freely through his weapon array and shattering the weapons formed by his vital essence, Mo Xiuyan's eyes grew colder and colder.
"Does this kid really think he has what it takes to fight me?" A cold smile appeared on Mo Xiuyan's face. With a wave of his hand, the weapons floated motionlessly in the air, no longer attacking Luo Zheng. Then he waved his hand gently.
Like obedient pets, the weapons returned to Mo Xiuyan's side.
Luo Zheng looked calmly at Mo Xiuyan. He knew that Mo Xiuyan would change his moves if he couldn't defeat Luo Zheng.
A Divine Reflection Realm expert definitely had more tricks up his sleeve!
Then Mo Xiuyan suddenly waved his arm, drawing a circle.
As he waved his arm, the weapons began to rotate along with his hand.
All kinds of weapons obeyed Mo Xiuyan's command. They spun faster and faster, forming a huge vortex. At the same time, the weapons began to explode, turning into streaks of azure vital essence that converged in Mo Xiuyan's hand. That bit of vital essence gradually condensed into an azure sword hilt. As the vital essence continued to converge, the blade of the sword slowly grew out of the hilt …
"Vital essence sword? That's it? " Luo Zheng looked suspiciously at Mo Xiuyan's every move. If Mo Xiuyan was simply transforming his vital essence into a sword, then his strength was too weak.
"No, it's not as simple as transforming his vital essence into a sword!" Suddenly, Luo Zheng's eyelids twitched. A feeling of extreme danger rose in Luo Zheng's heart. Luo Zheng's instincts were very fast. If he felt danger, then it was real danger!
"It's indeed not as simple as transforming his vital essence into a sword! When those weapons collapsed, there was not only vital essence, but also a milky white substance. That is … Heaven's Derivation Essence! "Luo Zheng's eyebrows twitched when he saw the Heaven's Derivation Essence in the vortex.
Heaven's Derivation Essence was obtained when a weapon refiner saw a trace of the Heaven's Derivation Dao and obtained a tiny bit of the laws of heaven and earth. These laws of heaven and earth would then be forged into the weapon.
The higher the grade of the weapon, the more Heaven's Derivation Dao it contained.
Currently, many weapon refiners in the Fengwang Dynasty had mastered their own techniques. They could see through the Heaven's Derivation Dao and forge mystic weapons, spirit weapons …
However, only Luo Zheng could break down weapons and extract the Heaven's Derivation Essence from them.
Furthermore, Luo Zheng had relied on the black fire in his mind to smelt the weapons and obtain the Heaven's Derivation Essence.
Why was Mo Xiuyan able to create Heaven's Derivation Essence so casually?
Those weapons were not real, but condensed from his vital essence. However, Mo Xiuyan could easily obtain the Heaven's Derivation Essence after breaking down those weapons?
No, that was impossible.
If Mo Xiuyan could really do such a miraculous thing, the Mo Family would not have declined to such a state!
It seemed that the Heaven's Derivation Essence was not the real deal. In fact, it was also formed from his vital essence. It was not on the same level as the Heaven's Derivation Essence in Luo Zheng's hands.
Even so, Luo Zheng could not help but sigh when he saw Mo Xiuyan's technique. Those who could reach the Divine Reflection Realm naturally had their own extraordinary abilities.
Weapons kept appearing in the vortex and breaking down. At the same time, they released vital essence and Heaven's Derivation Essence and condensed into the longsword in his hand.
During this process of condensing, the grade of the blue sword made of true essence was constantly rising!
Low-grade mystic weapon, middle-grade mystic weapon, superior-grade mystic weapon …
Low-grade spiritual weapon, middle-grade spiritual weapon, superior-grade spiritual weapon …
"Buzz …"
Suddenly, the longsword in Mo Xiuyan's hand emitted a dazzling blue light. Everyone who saw the blue light instinctively closed their eyes.
Luo Zheng used his hand to shield himself from the light. When he looked again, the longsword in Mo Xiuyan's hand had already been completely condensed.
Rings of light flowed on the surface of the light blue longsword. Just one look at the longsword made Luo Zheng's heart palpitate.
"Immortal weapon!"
Mo Xiuyan's technique was indeed powerful!
Although Mo Xiuyan's visualization items were very diverse, there were sabers, swords, hammers …
The weapons he summoned were not very powerful. There were many of them, but they were not refined. However, each weapon contained a trace of Heaven's Derivation Essence.
Then, he broke all the weapons and absorbed the vital essence within. He was actually able to cultivate an immortal weapon in his hand!
There was a certain difference between this immortal weapon and a real immortal weapon. A real immortal weapon could be used at any time. It could be used to defend against enemies and could also be passed on to others.
However, Mo Xiuyan's immortal weapon could only be used by himself. If he stopped supplying vital essence to it, the immortal weapon would slowly disappear.
This weapon could be called a "pseudo-immortal weapon" because its power was no different from a real immortal weapon!
In theory, as long as Mo Xiuyan had enough power and vital essence, he could even cultivate a legendary divine weapon!
Of course, this was only possible in theory.
Every time a weapon's grade increased, the amount of Heaven's Derivation Essence required would increase exponentially.
The vital essence longsword in Mo Xiuyan's hand was only a low-grade immortal weapon. He probably could not even cultivate a middle-grade immortal weapon. After all, there was a limit to one's power. Every weapon that Mo Xiuyan summoned could only produce a small amount of Heaven's Derivation Essence. The vital essence in his body was not enough to support him to cultivate a divine weapon.
Not to mention a divine weapon, he probably could not even cultivate a middle-grade immortal weapon!
Even if it was just an immortal weapon, its power was already very shocking.
"Kid, you brought this on yourself. Now that you've forced me to use this method, I won't be able to resolve this matter peacefully. Every time my 'Sword of Ruin' appears, it must drink blood. Today, I'll feed your blood to my sword!"
Mo Xiuyan shook the longsword, then raised it above his head and slashed at Luo Zheng.
As the Sword of Ruins slashed down, the tip of the sword condensed a crescent-shaped Sword Qi in the air.
"Whoosh …"
As soon as the Sword Qi appeared, it slashed at Luo Zheng with terrifying power.
"Danger!" Zhu Qianning finally looked nervous. Seeing the Sword Qi, Zhu Qianning was also very anxious. She had used the Button of Thousand Miles, but no one had rushed over.
The power of an immortal weapon was far beyond that of a spiritual weapon. Although this Sword Qi slash looked ordinary, if Luo Zheng could not avoid it, it would probably cut Luo Zheng in two.
At this moment, Zhu Qianning's hand was pressed on a small jade box. She was hesitating whether she should help Luo Zheng block this attack.
Zhang Wuxian also frowned deeply. This Mo Xiuyan was too shameless. With the strength of a Xiantian lifeform, he still wanted to use such a ruthless move to deal with Luo Zheng in front of so many people.
This was equivalent to an adult using all his strength to fight a child!

Chapter 190
From a moment ago, Luo Zheng didn't retreat a single step, regardless of whether he was facing Mo Yu or Mo Xiuyan.
He didn't retreat because he was confident in his own strength and believed in himself.
But when he saw the Sword Qi slashing towards him, Luo Zheng finally started to retreat.
Luo Zheng wasn't a fool. Although his Spirit Treasure Body made his defense much stronger than that of ordinary martial artists.
His opponent was a Divine Reflection Realm expert! And with an immortal weapon in hand, how terrifying would the Sword Qi slash released be?
The Sword Qi wasn't fast at first, about the same speed as an ordinary person jogging. But after locking onto Luo Zheng, the Sword Qi's speed suddenly increased dramatically!
The Sword Qi left a light blue afterimage in the air and slashed towards Luo Zheng at an extremely fast speed.
Although the Sword Qi was fast, Luo Zheng wasn't slow either.
As he retreated, he waved his fists fiercely at the Sword Qi.
Luo Zheng hoped to use the Demonic God Fist to offset the power of the Sword Qi.
At this moment, Luo Zheng didn't hold back in the slightest! Every time he waved his fists, a purple-black shadow of a fist smashed towards the Sword Qi.
Borrowing the power of the Phoenix Soaring Crystal, Luo Zheng punched out more than ten shadows of fists in the blink of an eye!
When the first shadow of a fist collided with the crescent-shaped Sword Qi, it directly passed through it …
"It's useless?"
Seeing this scene, Luo Zheng's heart sank.
This Sword Qi was slashed out by the low-grade immortal weapon. It was only a powerful Sword Qi and wasn't formed by True Essence, so Luo Zheng's Demonic God Fist couldn't do anything to it.
Seeing that the first shadow of a fist couldn't offset the power of the Sword Qi, Luo Zheng's reaction was extremely fast!
When the second shadow of a fist overlapped with the Sword Qi, Luo Zheng decisively detonated the Star Force in his True Essence.
"Bang!"
The moment the Star Force detonated, it emitted an intense light and released a large amount of destructive power at the same time.
However, after the light disappeared, the crescent-shaped Sword Qi still didn't weaken in the slightest. It continued to slash towards Luo Zheng.
"Still useless …"
None of his methods were effective against the Sword Qi. Luo Zheng's heart sank to the bottom.
A Divine Reflection Realm expert was too powerful.
Even though the Mo family was just a declining aristocratic family, as the head of the family, he still had such strange strength. This was something that Luo Zheng had not expected.
Before this, Luo Zheng had fought two Divine Reflection Realm experts and didn't suffer any losses. But this time, Luo Zheng deeply understood the terror of the Divine Reflection Realm!
Luo Zheng thought so in his mind, but he had forgotten about his own realm!
How could the difference between a Xiantian lifeform and a Divine Reflection Realm cultivator be so small? It could be said to be a world of difference!
Luo Zheng had been able to force Mo Xiuyan to use his trump card, the "Sword of Ruin's End". This was enough to make all the Xiantian lifeforms in the world blush with shame.
If Luo Zheng could really block Mo Xiuyan's sword, then all the Xiantian lifeforms in the world could collectively jump into a river and commit suicide. After all, Luo Zheng was only at the Xiantian first stage …
Luo Zheng quickly retreated to the edge of the courtyard. Facing the high brick wall, Luo Zheng didn't even think about it. Relying on his tyrannical body, he directly slammed his back into the wall. The wall was like tofu, and Luo Zheng smashed a human-shaped hole in the wall.
The Sword Qi was like a shadow, closely following Luo Zheng into the hole in the wall. However, the Sword Qi was about nine feet long, far taller than Luo Zheng, so it only managed to cut a thin crack in the wall.
Everyone's eyes were fixed on the wall, each with a different expression.
Those who stood on the Mo clan's side naturally hoped that Luo Zheng would be killed by the Sword Qi. Moreover, they believed that Luo Zheng absolutely couldn't dodge this Sword Qi. How could a Xiantian lifeform avoid the full strength attack of a Divine Reflection Realm powerhouse?
Luo Zheng's ability to withstand the attacks of Mo Xiuyan's numerous weapons was already very heaven-defying. However, it was too inconceivable that he could survive this Sword Qi.
Zhang Wuxian, Zhu Qianning, and the other Blue Cloud Sect disciples also had expressions of hidden worry. They naturally hoped that Luo Zheng could escape from death and avoid the Sword Qi, but they also believed that Luo Zheng couldn't avoid it!
"Boom, boom …"
Violent crashing sounds constantly came from one side of the wall. Obviously, Luo Zheng had smashed through many walls in order to avoid the Sword Qi.
At this time, Zhu Qianning couldn't bear it any longer. Her willowy eyebrows slightly furrowed. She tried her best to calm herself down, then said to Mo Xiuyan, "Patriarch Mo, Luo Zheng is only a junior. Some of his words were unpleasant to hear, but his crime doesn't warrant death. Please let him go!"
At this moment, Mo Xiuyan was still holding the longsword, two fingers pointing at the tip. He was controlling the Sword Qi to chase after Luo Zheng. Just as the Sword Qi was about to cut Luo Zheng, because of Zhu Qianning's interference, Luo Zheng escaped.
However, Mo Xiuyan wasn't in a hurry. If this Sword Qi couldn't kill Luo Zheng, then all his years of cultivation would have been in vain!
Hearing Zhu Qianning's words, Mo Xiuyan smiled faintly, "Since he said something wrong, he has to pay the price. I'm just teaching him a lesson."
Mo Xiuyan wasn't willing to let Luo Zheng go. The so-called teaching him a lesson was understated. However, if Luo Zheng's body was cut by the Sword Qi, how could he still be alive?
"Teaching him a lesson? Patriarch Mo, don't say such perfunctory words. You can't kill Luo Zheng! He is my savior. If you really kill him, I'm afraid the Mo Clan won't be able to explain itself in front of the Family Zhu! "Zhu Qianning saw that her persuasion was ineffective, so her words became harsher.
In front of the colossus that was the Godly Needle Family Zhu, the small Mo Clan was simply not worth mentioning!
Mo Xiuyan's face darkened slightly. This Zhu Qianning actually dared to threaten him?
Compared to the colossus that was the Godly Needle Family Zhu, the Mo Clan was also a landowning household, but in reality, it was incomparably small.
In reality, Zhu Qianning's threat was effective. After all, Mo Xiuyan was aware of Zhu Qianning's position in the Mo Clan. If Zhu Qianning really shed all pretense of cordiality and used the Family Zhu's resources to suppress the Mo Clan, then the Mo Clan's days would be even more difficult.
This kind of suppression didn't require real swords and spears. The Mo Clan's foundation wasn't strong to begin with. Currently, the entire Mo Clan's income was completely dependent on the few mines south of the Imperial Capital. Given the Family Zhu's ability, it would be easy for him to cut off this economic lifeline. When that happened, the Mo Clan would be in imminent danger.
However, Mo Xiuyan's thoughts changed. Although the Mo Clan was only a declining landowning household, sometimes, a slight move in one part could affect the whole situation. Although the Family Zhu was powerful, it didn't mean that there weren't any hostile families. Therefore, the Family Zhu's actions had to be taken into consideration and might not necessarily listen to this little girl.
Moreover, he was the dignified head of the Mo Clan and a Divine Reflection State expert. How could he be threatened by a little girl?
Therefore, Mo Xiuyan only smiled and said, "Miss Family Zhu is joking. If I, Mo Xiuyan, have done something I shouldn't have done, I will naturally go to the Family Zhu and bring a bramble to ask for punishment."
Mo Xiuyan's words meant that he wasn't willing to back down. Zhu Qianning's expression was somewhat unsightly. Now, she could only hope that the Family Zhu's people would hurry over.
Zhu Qianning didn't say anything. At this moment, Zhang Wuxian stepped forward again.
Today, Zhang Wuxian had said that he would accompany Luo Zheng to cause trouble. However, he had been watching from the sidelines for a long time and had even implicated Luo Zheng. Now that Luo Zheng was being chased around by Mo Xiuyan's sword Qi, he had to do something.
"Mr. Mo, could you please listen to me?" Zhang Wuxian cupped his hands and asked Mo Xiuyan.
Mo Xiuyan was already very impatient. Luo Zheng's speed had exceeded his expectations. At this moment, he was concentrating on controlling his sword Qi to kill Luo Zheng, but these juniors were disturbing him.
He had to give some face to Zhu Qianning, but what was wrong with this little fatty in front of him? Therefore, Mo Xiuyan coldly said, "What? Who are you? "
"I am the third son of the Zhang Clan. My name is Zhang Wuxian." Zhang Wuxian cupped his hands and said.
Many people in the capital had the surname Zhang. Clearly, this little fatty said that he was from the Zhang Clan and that he was the third son. This meant that he must be from the "Tianlu Zhang Clan", which was as rich as a country. Since he was the third son, then he was the third in the direct line of descent!
Zhang Wuxian's voice wasn't loud, but most people heard it clearly.
At this moment, Mo Xiuyan's sword Qi had already forced Luo Zheng into a dead end. Because of Zhang Wuxian's interruption, Luo Zheng was able to dodge the sword Qi and escape. It was really infuriating.
But he had to think about this problem.
The Zhang Clan? This little fatty was from the Zhang Clan?
Mo Xiuyan suddenly felt a headache coming on.
He didn't need to pay any attention to the Family Zhu for now, because the Mo Clan and the Family Zhu didn't have any direct relationship. For example, if the Family Zhu wanted to cut off the Mo Clan's mines, it might seem simple, but it would definitely take a lot of effort. There was also the possibility that other landowning households would interfere!
But the Zhang Clan …
Although the Zhang Clan wasn't a landowning household, they controlled the economic lifeline of the entire empire.
More importantly, almost all of his family's mines were bought and sold through the Zhang Clan, using the Zhang Clan's account to settle the transactions …
Although the Fire Crystals produced in the mines could be sold to other people, and not necessarily to the Zhang Clan, the Zhang Clan's influence was everywhere. Offending the Family Zhu might bring a lot of trouble to the Mo Clan, but it didn't mean that there was no way to solve it.
But offending the Zhang Clan would make it difficult for a landowning household like the Mo Clan to do anything.
What was going on? Why were the friends that Mo Can brought back each more difficult to deal with than the last? Mo Xiuyan had this strange feeling in his heart!
At this time, Mo Xiuyan wasn't the only one who had this feeling. Mo Yu, who was huddled up next to him, also had the same feeling!
"This Mo Can is simply a jinx, a scourge! He brought Luo Zheng to kill me, and now a Zhang Clan member popped out to make things difficult for my father! Mo Can, I'll kill you sooner or later … "Moyu glared at Mo Can. Her eyes were so bloodshot that they looked like they were about to bleed.
As for the friends that Mo Yu had brought back, they all stood silently to the side.
A few of Moyu's close friends were also members of landowning households. Although the landowning households they belonged to were much stronger than the Mo Family, they couldn't compare to the Zhu Family or the Zhang Family, which wasn't a landowning household. In this situation, they had no right to speak.
Thinking about how they had looked down on Mo Can's table, they now understood that although Mo Can looked easy to bully, he was actually a master who pretended to be a pig to eat a tiger. No, Mo Can and his friends were all masters who pretended to be pigs to eat tigers!
Some of them were even secretly sizing up Zhou Xian, thinking that this guy shouldn't jump out. Besides, wasn't he also a member of one of the seven major landowning households?
As for Zhou Xian's identity, it suddenly became a mystery.
But this time, they guessed wrong. Zhou Xian was indeed a commoner without any background to speak of …
＝＝＝＝＝

Chapter 191
"So it's the Third Young Master of the Zhang Family. Excuse me, excuse me!" Mo Xiuyan muttered to himself. His heart was beating like a drum. In order to deal with Luo Zheng, would he offend too many people?
If he really killed Luo Zheng, not only would he offend the Family Zhu, but he would also offend the Zhang Family.
"Family Head Mo, as the saying goes, take a step back and you'll have a better view of the world. Sometimes, you need to weigh the cost!" Although Zhang Wuxian's strength was lacking, he had a thorough understanding of people's hearts.
Perhaps Mo Xiuyan really wanted to kill Luo Zheng. He wanted to kill Luo Zheng.
However, when a family head did something, he had to consider many issues. There was more than one matter that involved him. If he acted on impulse now, he could indeed save the Mo Family's face. However, how would the Mo Family survive in the future?
Zhang Wuxian could already see that Zhu Qianning was definitely in love with Luo Zheng. Moreover, Luo Zheng was her savior. If something really happened to Luo Zheng here, how would the Mo Family explain themselves?
Moreover, Zhang Wuxian himself wouldn't sit idly by and do nothing!
The Zhang Family didn't have high requirements for their own children's strength. Zhang Wuxian was the son of the first wife, and his older brother was the future leader of the Zhang Family.
Perhaps Zhang Wuxian would have some difficulty convincing the Zhang Family to cut off the Mo Family's lifeline. However, what about the future?
As long as Zhang Wuxian persisted and wanted to cut off the Mo Family's lifeline, it wouldn't be difficult for either the Zhang Family or Zhang Wuxian himself. After all, the Mo Family's influence was extremely small. Even if one of the seven noble families wanted to interfere, it wouldn't put too much pressure on the Zhang Family.
Mo Xiuyan's expression clearly showed hesitation.
However, at this moment, the wall behind Mo Xiuyan suddenly collapsed. Immediately after, a dot of light shot out from the collapsed wall.
"Xiu!"
That dot of light was Luo Zheng's broken throwing knife.
This time, Luo Zheng was forced into a desperate situation by Mo Xiuyan's Sword Qi.
Previously, Luo Zheng had relied on the Sky Demon Vital Essence to resist Xu Xiu. In the pavilion of the Immortal Mansion, he had taken advantage of the conflict between the Divine Reflection Realm experts to devour a large amount of vital essence. Furthermore, he had killed Wanderer Wuyue when he was seriously injured.
But today, Luo Zheng's Heavenly Demon True Essence had lost its effect. No matter what he did, he was unable to resist Mo Xiuyan's sword qi.
In order to get rid of the Sword Qi, Luo Zheng dashed around the Mok Province at an extremely fast speed. Who knew how many houses he destroyed, and how many doors and walls he knocked down.
However, that Sword Qi was like a maggot in a tarsal bone, biting him from behind. Luo Zheng tried his best to get rid of that Sword Qi but failed. Not only that, Luo Zheng was forced into a corner by the Sword Qi several times and was almost killed by it...
Fortunately, Luo Zheng managed to escape by the skin of his teeth each time.
However, if he kept running like this, it was only a matter of time before Luo Zheng was hit by the Sword Qi.
Therefore, Luo Zheng was frantically trying to think of a way to get rid of the Sword Qi as he fled like crazy.
After thinking it over and over again, he couldn't break this Sword Qi. However, he could find trouble with Mo Xiuyan. After all, this Sword Qi was controlled by Mo Xiuyan.
Therefore, Luo Zheng circled around the Mok Province and rushed towards the Guest Hall.
As Luo Zheng smashed the wall with his body, he pressed his ring lightly and the broken throwing knife in his hand shot towards Mo Xiuyan.
There weren't many opportunities left for Luo Zheng. If he had a choice, he wouldn't have attacked Mo Xiuyan directly. This was a choice he had no choice but to make.
Zhang Wuxian heard the rumbling sound of the wall collapsing and saw a silver flash of light fly towards Mo Xiuyan. His expression immediately changed.
The pressure he had exerted on Mo Xiuyan was already having an effect. According to Zhang Wuxian's judgment, Mo Xiuyan might choose to let Luo Zheng go in the end.
However, Zhang Wuxian had never expected that Luo Zheng would be able to circle around and attack Mo Xiuyan while being chased by the Sword Qi.
This was troublesome …
Mo Xiuyan was indeed very hesitant.
So what if he killed Luo Zheng? How much could Mo Xiuyan benefit from this? At most, he would be able to save some face for the Mo Family and Mo Xiuyan.
The Mo Family had already declined to this extent. This face might still be worth something in the eyes of ordinary people, but in the eyes of landowning households, the Mo Family's face wasn't worth mentioning at all!
What was even more troublesome was offending the Family Zhu and the Zhang Family …
If he had known this would happen, he would have taken a step back. Since Mo Can had said that the blood jade bracelet was his father's, he could have just returned it to him. Why did he have to force Mo Can to this point of hysteria?
If he hadn't forced Mo Can, Luo Zheng might not have chosen to attack the Mo Family because of this.
A trace of regret rose in Mo Xiuyan's heart. It was regret towards Mo Can.
This was probably the first time in his life that Mo Xiuyan felt regret towards his nephew Mo Can. Moreover, it was under pressure from so many people!
Just as Mo Xiuyan was hesitating, Luo Zheng attacked him.
"Throwing knives? Not worth mentioning … "Mo Xiuyan watched calmly as the broken throwing knife spiraled towards him. He simply raised the blue sword in his hand and slashed at the broken throwing knife.
Although the blue sword in Mo Xiuyan's hand was formed from his Quintessential Essence, it was comparable to an immortal weapon because it had swallowed a large amount of Sky Derivation Essence.
Furthermore, Mo Xiuyan's slash contained the profound meaning of the "Sword of Ruins".
This slash displayed Mo Xiuyan's unique and experienced swordsmanship. The blue sword struck the body of the flying knife squarely.
Mo Xiuyan had originally thought that his blue sword would be able to cut the flying knife in front of him in two!
However, when the blue sword came into contact with the flying knife, it was instantly cut in half by the broken throwing knife!
"How is this possible? My Quintessential Essence sword is comparable to an immortal weapon. Why can't it even defeat a flying knife? " The power of the broken throwing knife exceeded Mo Xiuyan's imagination. He stared blankly as his Quintessential Essence sword was cut in half. For a moment, he was stunned.
The Quintessential Essence sword's hardness was comparable to a low-grade immortal weapon. How could it be cut in half by a broken throwing knife of poor quality?
The broken throwing knife's flying speed was extremely fast. After cutting Mo Xiuyan's Quintessential Essence sword in half, it shot towards Mo Xiuyan's head.
If it was under normal circumstances, Mo Xiuyan would have easily dodged the broken throwing knife. However, at this moment, because he was shocked by the power of the broken throwing knife, he was distracted for a moment. The broken throwing knife flew straight towards Mo Xiuyan's face.
By the time Mo Xiuyan regained his senses, the broken throwing knife was already very close to his face.
A chill ran down his spine. Only now did he realize that he might have to pay the price of his life. Moreover, the person who took his life was a Xiantian stage one brat!
At this critical moment, Mo Xiuyan almost relied on his life instinct to suddenly tilt his head. His head abruptly moved a foot away.
"Xiu …"
The flying knife flew past Mo Xiuyan's face, while the blade left a thin wound on Mo Xiuyan's face. A drop of blood flowed out from the wound.
Even the battle-hardened Mo Xiuyan felt a chill run down his spine at this moment.
Mo Xiuyan originally thought that even if Luo Zheng's strength was amazing, even if he relied on the strength of a Xiantian stage one to defeat his son, even if his future was limitless, but he was still a Xiantian stage one!
For Mo Xiuyan, Luo Zheng was still an ant, but a slightly stronger ant. With his Divine Reflection stage strength, he could do whatever he wanted with him. Although Luo Zheng was safe and sound inside the weapon array he had summoned, and could even resist a little, but that did not mean that Luo Zheng could bring any harm to him.
He had never thought that Luo Zheng would not bring any harm to him, but instead directly take his life!
If Mo Xiuyan had not relied on his instincts to dodge the flying knife, then with the sharpness of that knife, he would have already been lying on the ground and turned into a corpse.
When people were threatened with death, they would often be afraid at first, but after avoiding the threat of death, those feelings of fear would turn into anger, extreme anger!
At this moment, Mo Xiuyan was like this.
Originally, he had wanted to understand the weight of Zhang Wuxian's words, and whether or not it was a small punishment for Luo Zheng, and stop while he was ahead.
But at this moment, anger had taken over his mind. At this moment, Mo Xiuyan did not think about anything else. The only thing on his mind was to kill him, to kill Luo Zheng!
Mo Can, Zhang Wuxian, Zhou Xian, Zhu Qianning and the others were also dumbfounded by this scene.
Zhang Wuxian's threat had already taken effect, and Mo Xiuyan had probably changed his mind. But how could they have imagined that Luo Zheng, while being chased by the Sword Qi, could still find an opportunity to counterattack Mo Xiuyan!
That was a Divine Reflection stage powerhouse!
"Heh, as expected of Luo Zheng …" Zhou Xian smiled bitterly.
Zhang Wuxian sighed. "Sigh, we were just a little bit short of killing Mo Xiuyan. Now Luo Zheng is in trouble. It seems that we can only wait for the elders of the family to come and deal with him. Mo Xiuyan's counterattack will definitely be terrifying. I don't know if Luo Zheng can hold on until then …"
Zhu Qianning, slim and graceful, stood where she was, biting her lip. At this moment, she turned on the Button of Thousand Miles again. Why hadn't the Family Zhu arrived yet? She was also extremely anxious in her heart!
Mo Yun, who was standing beside Zhu Qianning, was also deathly pale.
As a woman in the family, she didn't have the right to speak. On one hand, she hoped that her father would be safe and not be harmed by Luo Zheng. On the other hand, she knew that if her father insisted on doing things his way, he would bring a lot of trouble to the Mo family! Perhaps her father still had a sliver of hope that Zhu Qianning was just a woman of the Family Zhu, and that the Family Zhu wouldn't really do anything to the Mo family because of Zhu Qianning.
But as Zhu Qianning's best friend, Mo Yun understood Zhu Qianning's style the best. If Luo Zheng died, Zhu Qianning would definitely fight to the death with Mo Xiuyan!
What should they do …
"Stinking brat, you're courting death. You can't blame anyone else!" Mo Xiuyan's face suddenly became ferocious, and the Sword of End in his hand suddenly glowed with blue light.
"Whoosh whoosh whoosh whoosh …"

Chapter 192
Every slash produced a beam of Sword Qi. After four consecutive slashes, four beams of Sword Qi appeared. Furthermore, each beam of Sword Qi was stronger than the previous one!
Four beams of sword energy. Including the first beam of sword energy that had been tailing Luo Zheng, there were now a total of five beams of sword energy chasing after Luo Zheng!
"I'm going to cut you into pieces!" Mo Xiuyan held the Origin of End Sword in one hand and pointed at the tip of the sword with the other. He concentrated on controlling the five beams of sword energy to chase after Luo Zheng.
Luo Zheng's reaction couldn't be described as slow. After his meticulously planned assassination plan failed, he didn't stop at all and ran away!
However, Luo Zheng didn't break away from Mo Xiuyan's pursuit. Because the first beam of sword energy was originally locked onto Luo Zheng, the other four beams of sword energy only needed to follow the first beam of sword energy to easily catch up with Luo Zheng's footsteps.
Moreover, Mo Xiuyan was a bit hesitant just now. When he controlled the sword energy, he wasn't very focused. Therefore, the sword energy's speed wasn't that fast.
At this moment, Mo Xiuyan was in a rage and wanted to take Luo Zheng's life. At this moment, he was naturally very focused on controlling the sword energy to surround and annihilate Luo Zheng. Therefore, the sword energy's flying speed was three times faster than before!
Luo Zheng desperately extracted the energy from the Soaring Phoenix Crystal to make his body as light as possible. His entire body turned into an afterimage as he dashed through one of the alleys of the Mo Family.
This alleyway was only ten zhang long. From the time Luo Zheng entered the alleyway to the end, it only took him a breath's time. Luo Zheng's speed was extremely fast, and the sword energy's flying speed was even more astonishing.
Just as Luo Zheng reached the end of the alleyway, the five beams of sword energy had already arrived behind Luo Zheng's back. The aura emitted by the sword energy caused Luo Zheng's hair to become disheveled.
"Jump!"
Seeing that it was impossible to dodge, Luo Zheng jumped high into the air and forcefully jumped from the alleyway into a side courtyard.
The five beams of sword energy were extremely fast. At this moment, they couldn't slow down and directly cut the wall at the end of the alleyway into several pieces. Then, under Mo Xiuyan's control, the five beams of sword energy simultaneously changed directions and once again flew towards Luo Zheng in the side courtyard.
Luo Zheng didn't have the slightest time to rest. As soon as he landed, he immediately rushed into a room in the side courtyard. He knocked down the wooden door of the side courtyard, then knocked down the back door of the side courtyard, and smashed through another wall. He continued to dash through the Mo residence!
..............................................................................
...........
From time to time, loud noises could be heard from the Mo family.
Although Luo Zheng tried his best to increase his speed, he still couldn't get rid of the sword energy's pursuit. The sword energy was getting closer and closer to Luo Zheng. There were several times when the sword energy almost brushed past Luo Zheng's stomach. Just an inch closer and Luo Zheng's life would be in danger!
"Hey, why are there two beams of sword energy missing?"
As Luo Zheng ran wildly, he noticed the changes behind him. Originally, there were five beams of sword energy chasing after him, but now there were two fewer.
He frowned. He knew very well that the two beams of sword energy couldn't have disappeared for no reason.
The two beams of sword energy were very likely to bypass Luo Zheng and surround him from the front.
Just as Luo Zheng thought of this, he heard two muffled sounds coming from the wall in front of him. Two strange cracks appeared on the wall. Then, the two beams of sword energy that had just disappeared drilled out of the wall and went straight towards Luo Zheng.
At the same time, the three beams of sword energy behind him suddenly separated and surrounded Luo Zheng from three different directions.
"Oh no! I'm surrounded! "
At this time, Luo Zheng had nowhere to run. There were three beams of sword energy in front of him, behind him, to his left and right, and the last beam of sword energy was directly above Luo Zheng's head.
What should I do?
In an instant, countless ideas flashed through Luo Zheng's mind. But at this moment, none of them were useful.
"Fight!"
Although he was surrounded by sword energy from all directions, these sword energy were not airtight. From a very small angle, Luo Zheng could still squeeze out.
But at the same time, he could still be cut by the Sword Qi and lose an arm or a leg. Even so, it was still better than death. At least he could still find some elixirs to regrow his broken bones. If he lost his life, he would really be gone.
The problem was, even if he escaped this wave of attack, what about the next one? He couldn't escape from the sword energy even though his legs were still intact. Once he was injured, it would be even more impossible to escape!
He couldn't think too much. As long as he could stall for time, Luo Zheng was ready to risk his injury and squeeze out from the side. Suddenly, a voice came from his head, "Boy, stand still! I'm coming to save you! "
"Who is it?" Luo Zheng heard the voice, but couldn't find the person who spoke.
At this moment, a chill suddenly appeared around Luo Zheng. Then, countless ice crystals formed. As soon as the ice crystals appeared, they quickly condensed and formed a small ice wall.
Luo Zheng's front, back, left, right, and top of his head were all these ice crystals. In an instant, five ice walls completely surrounded Luo Zheng.
Then, the five beams of sword energy arrived in a flash and heavily chopped the ice walls.
"Clap, clap, clap, clap, clap!"
The five beams of sword energy chopped the ice walls almost at the same time, making five loud sounds.
Trapped in the ice wall, Luo Zheng could clearly see the Sword Qi slashing at the ice wall, leaving deep dents in the ice wall.
Luo Zheng took a deep breath. His chest was still heaving up and down.
Just now, it was really too dangerous. If it weren't for this expert's help, his head would have been separated from his body. He couldn't be more dead.
A Divine Reflection expert was still too strong. Now that Luo Zheng thought about it, Luo Zheng really took too many risks in the immortal mansion. If it weren't for the "Desperate Battle" formation in the pavilion, he wouldn't have been able to survive at the hands of a Divine Reflection expert!
"Alright, boy, come to the Mo family's guest hall. Don't worry. With me here, Mo Xiuyan won't dare to do anything to you!" the man said to Luo Zheng indifferently.
As soon as he finished speaking, the ice walls around Luo Zheng instantly shattered. They turned into a pile of ice cubes and piled up at Luo Zheng's feet.
Luo Zheng reached out and picked up one of the ice cubes. Waves of coldness came from the ice cubes. The water that melted from the ice cubes wet Luo Zheng's hand.
It looked like an ordinary ice cube, but it was actually able to block Mo Xiuyan's sword energy … This person should also be a Divine Reflection expert!
When Luo Zheng was running away, he knew that Zhang Wuxian wouldn't just stand by and watch. This person should be a consecrator of the Zhang family?
Luo Zheng didn't know that when someone used the ice walls to save Luo Zheng, another person flashed in front of Mo Xiuyan. He reached out and pressed down on the tip of Mo Xiuyan's sword.
This person was tall and sturdy. His face was ruddy and his body was covered in thick hair. He looked like a woodcutter who grew up in the mountains.
"Patriarch Mo, if I were you, I wouldn't make a move right now!" The woodcutter held a black hatchet in his hand. The blade of the hatchet constantly flashed with red light.
Mo Xiuyan didn't recognize this person at first. However, when Mo Xiuyan's gaze fell on the hatchet, he suddenly remembered a legend. His expression turned ugly as he said, "You're … you're the Woodcutter of West Mountain!"
The Woodcutter of West Mountain …
The West Mountain referred to a mountain on the Asura Battlefield.
As the name implied, a woodcutter was someone who chopped wood on the mountain.
However, there were no trees on West Mountain. Naturally, there was no way to talk about chopping wood. There were only endless demon soldiers and demon generals on West Mountain.
This Woodcutter of West Mountain was the person who had killed countless demons on West Mountain.
His original name was Shi Hu. He had once stayed on West Mountain for three years!
One had to know that West Mountain was very close to the demon race's lair. It was almost at the entrance of the demon race's lair. However, Shi Hu had cultivated there for three years!
Using the Demon Soldiers and Demon Generals as firewood, he hacked them apart and cultivated them one by one.
The number of demon soldiers and demon generals who had died at his hands was uncountable!
What was even more unbelievable was that the Demon King of the demon race couldn't do anything to Shi Hu even though he stayed there for three years!
At that time, the pressure on White Emperor City was also very great. After the Emperor Army lost several generals, they were clearly unable to deal with the demon race's attacks and were in imminent danger.
It was because Shi Hu cultivated with all his might in West Mountain. He killed demon soldiers and demon generals with all his might, which greatly slowed down the demon race's attack.
From then on, Shi Hu's reputation skyrocketed!
At the same time, everyone gave Shi Hu a nickname, the Woodcutter of West Mountain.
To be able to slaughter demons in the demon race's lair, evade the Demon King's pursuit, and stay on West Mountain for three years, Shi Hu had undoubtedly created a miracle.
Because of this, the nickname of the Woodcutter of West Mountain gradually spread. People had instead forgotten his original name.
However, when people saw the hatchet in his hand, they would think of the woodcutter who chopped demons like firewood!
Shi Hu had retired from the Emperor Army ten years ago. Although the Emperor Army had invited him to guard White Emperor City, he still chose to return to the capital.
Some people said that Shi Hu wanted to return a favor.
It was said that when Shi Hu was young, he was once an illiterate mountain youth who was born with divine strength.
After leaving the mountains, he worked as a coolie in a large family. At that time, Shi Hu was ignorant and didn't know how sinister people could be. At that time, the son of that large family had committed a crime and was about to be punished by the authorities. Therefore, that large family had an idea. They spent money to bribe people from top to bottom, and in the end, Shi Hu was made the scapegoat.
Just like that, Shi Hu was sent to prison for no reason. In the end, he was sentenced to death and was to be executed after autumn.
However, on the day of the execution, Shi Hu was saved by someone.
The person who saved Shi Hu was a young master of the Zhang family.
From then on, Shi Hu had been following that young master of the Zhang family. Shi Hu's cultivation advanced by leaps and bounds. Later on, he joined the army and made great contributions …
That young master of the Zhang family was the current head of the Zhang family, Zhang Wuxian's father, Zhang Qun!

Chapter 193
With Shi Hu's strength, he would be a great talent anywhere in the world. However, he was willing to serve the Zhang Family as a consecrated for free. It was easy to imagine how much he valued the Zhang Family's kindness.
This incident also proved the Zhang Family's foresight. The Zhang Family had relied on this foresight to grow from a small family to the point where they were able to stand side by side with the seven ancient aristocratic families!
When Shi Hu told Mo Xiuyan not to move, Mo Xiuyan really did not dare to move.
That woodchopper did not look very impressive, but Mo Xiuyan knew very well how powerful it was.
Furthermore, judging from the aura Shi Hu was emitting, he knew that if he acted rashly, Shi Hu would not hesitate to attack!
At the same time, the temperature in the courtyard dropped abruptly.
It was the end of the year and everyone was wearing a lot of clothes. Some of the frailer servants had already changed into cotton-padded jackets.
However, under the sudden drop in temperature, the servants could not help but tug at the collar of their jackets.
Bits of ice crystals floated in the air. Then, a human figure slowly emerged from the ice crystals.
"Whoosh whoosh …"
After the ice crystals had completely dispersed, the figure in the air became clear. It was a young man with a head full of white hair.
When he saw that person, Mo Xiuyan's throat made a gulping sound.
When it came to having white hair and a cold personality, most people would think of a name: "Cang Qiu".
The Family Zhu mainly practiced various needle techniques and concealed weapons. Many of the Family Zhu's famous experts were proficient in using needles, swords, or concealed weapons.
However, in the past ten years, the Family Zhu had produced an anomaly. That anomaly was called "Cang Qiu".
Cang Qiu had a strange personality and was not good with words. Back then, he was not popular in the Family Zhu. At a young age, he had a falling out with the Family Zhu and ran away from home. He even swore an oath that he would never return to the Family Zhu again. After that, he disappeared for ten years.
Ten years later, Cang Qiu returned from the Far North. His strength had improved by leaps and bounds, and he had helped the Family Zhu solve several big problems! Although this person's personality was arrogant and eccentric, in the end, he couldn't resist the longing for his hometown and returned to the Family Zhu.
"Uncle! Did you save Luo Zheng? "Zhu Qianning looked at Cang Qiu and asked timidly.
In the Family Zhu, Zhu Qianning was close to everyone except for Cang Qiu. Ever since she was young, Zhu Qianning felt that Cang Qiu was a strange person, so she never dared to get too close to him.
Cang Qiu smiled faintly and said, "That little guy is fine. I've already helped him block the Sword Qi. Look, isn't he already coming over?" Cang Qiu pointed not far away.
Luo Zheng's figure flashed and he stepped into the courtyard.
Just now, after her uncle used True Essence Sound Transmission, she asked him to save Luo Zheng first. After all, Zhu Qianning wasn't in danger, but Luo Zheng was. Only God knew how long Luo Zheng could survive under the pursuit of those Sword Qi.
Seeing that Luo Zheng was safe, Zhu Qianning heaved a deep sigh of relief.
When Luo Zheng walked into the courtyard, he saw the white-haired man in the air.
Although Luo Zheng didn't see the appearance of the person who saved him, that person used Ice Attribute True Essence, and the white-haired man in the air constantly emitted Ice Qi. Luo Zheng was 90% sure that the person who saved him was that person.
Luo Zheng came up to Cang Qiu and cupped his hands, saying, "Thank you, Senior, for saving my life!"
Cang Qiu was very polite to Zhu Qianning, but he was very cold to outsiders. He just said indifferently, "Don't thank me. I only helped you because I listened to Zhu Qianning."
Luo Zheng smiled. "Even so, I am still grateful." After saying that, Luo Zheng smiled at Zhu Qianning. Zhu Qianning blinked her big eyes and smiled like the moon. There was a trace of pride in her expression.
At this moment, the one who felt the most uncomfortable was Mo Xiuyan. He wasn't a match for Shi Hu or Cang Qiu. At this moment, he simply shook his hand. The "Sword of Ruins" formed from True Essence instantly turned into bits of True Essence and dissipated in the air. Even the Heaven's Derivation Essence contained within the sword dissipated. This Heaven's Derivation Essence was formed from Mo Xiuyan's True Essence. Naturally, it was very different from the Heaven's Derivation Essence that Luo Zheng refined from Xuan Weapons. The Heaven's Derivation Essence that Luo Zheng refined from Xuan Weapons could exist in the world for a long time.
After throwing away his weapon, Mo Xiuyan smiled faintly and said politely to Shi Hu, "May I know why the two of you have come to my Mok Province?"
Since he couldn't win, he didn't need to use force. Instead, he used words. This time, Mo Xiuyan felt that reason was still on his side!
After Mo Xiuyan removed the Sword of Ruins, Shi Hu took a step back and said in a low, muffled voice, "I can't say that I have come. The Young Master of the Zhang Family summoned me, so I had no choice but to come."
Cang Qiu, who was floating nearby, directly ignored Mo Xiuyan's question. He felt that Mo Xiuyan's question was too stupid. Since Zhu Qianning was here, he naturally had been summoned by Zhu Qianning!
"Today, I have a gathering in Mok Province, but there was a misunderstanding with a few children at the banquet. This small misunderstanding doesn't require such a big fuss. If I have offended you in any way, I, Mo Xiuyan, apologize in advance. However, I still want to clarify the cause and effect. Today's misunderstanding was caused by my nephew, Mo Can. This is a family matter of the Mo Family, and I have let the two of you see a joke. Naturally, I, as the head of the family, will deal with this matter …" Mo Xiuyan said frankly. He wanted to get rid of the bystanders right now. As for his debt with Mo Can, he could slowly settle it.
However, before Mo Xiuyan could finish speaking, Luo Zheng stood out and scolded, "What family matter of the Mo Family? Mo Can's matter is my matter. If you want to clarify things, then do it face to face! "
As soon as Luo Zheng spoke, Zhang Wuxian, intentionally or unintentionally, stood beside Luo Zheng. Zhu Qianning also moved lightly. Her meaning was clear. The two juniors of the Zhang and Zhu Families would definitely stand behind Luo Zheng.
Since Zhu Qianning and Zhang Wuxian had chosen to stand behind Luo Zheng, then Shi Hu and Cang Qiu, who were behind them, would also stand behind Luo Zheng!
Seeing that Luo Zheng's imposing manner was not inferior to Mo Xiuyan's in the slightest, Shi Hu and Cang Qiu's eyes showed some astonishment.
"This young man is very courageous. He's only at the Xiantian stage one realm, but he's not afraid of Mo Xiuyan at all …" Shi Hu and Cang Qiu both thought.
After being interrupted by Luo Zheng and scolded to his face, Mo Xiuyan's face suddenly turned ugly. He hadn't expected that Luo Zheng would be so difficult to deal with!
He had already planned to let Luo Zheng go, but this guy actually dared to bite him and not let him go!
A Xiantian level expert was like an ant to Mo Xiuyan, but he couldn't do anything to Luo Zheng. Who told the Zhang and Family Zhu to stand behind him?
Mo Xiuyan felt that his head was getting bigger and bigger!
At this moment, Mo Xiuyan was very unwilling and even wanted to fight it out with this kid. But after thinking about it, with Shi Hu and Cang Qiu, these two almighty experts in front of him, he was afraid that even if he really fought it out, he still wouldn't be able to take Luo Zheng's life …
After a while, Mo Xiuyan finally understood that he had no choice but to lower his head!
The situation was more important than popularity. Mo Xiuyan sighed inwardly and said, "What does this young friend want to clarify?"
Mo Xiuyan's tone was very unwilling, but he didn't dare to be rash now. He really did have to lower his head! A Divine Illumination powerhouse had to lower his head to a Xiantian level expert!
At this moment, Moyu's face was ashen.
The faces of the Egret Peak inner sect disciples Mo Yu had brought back were also very ugly.
The person Mo Can had brought back could easily invite a Divine Illumination powerhouse from the family head. How could Mo Yu feel good when his own father couldn't even raise his head?
Luo Zheng chuckled and turned to grab Mo Can's shoulder, giving him a light shove. "You'll have to ask Mo Can how to clarify this matter!"
Mo Xiuyan's hand shrank slightly as he looked at the unremarkable Mo Can.
Mo Can's performance in the family had always been weak. The impression he gave people was that he could be bullied however they wanted.
Even if a servant loudly reprimanded Mo Can, Mo Can would still put on a smiling face!
He had no status in the Mo family to speak of.
When had Mo Xiuyan ever imagined that there would be a day when he would have to listen to Mo Can's whims?
But at this time, Mo Xiuyan had no choice but to speak. "Can 'er, what do you want?"
At this moment, Mo Can was extremely nervous. He raised his head and looked around. Seeing that everyone was staring at him, his expression became extremely unnatural.
But when he thought of his father's fate, and how his father's personal item, the blood jade bracelet, was in Mo Xiuyan's hands, Mo Can felt a chill in his heart.
How did his father die? Why was the bracelet in Mo Xiuyan's hands?
If these questions weren't answered, Mo Can wouldn't even be able to sleep well!
But if he wanted to confront Mo Xiuyan and investigate the cause of his father's death, it was obviously impossible. Firstly, this was a matter of the past. Most of the truth had already been buried in history. Secondly, he was only guessing and suspecting. For Mo Xiuyan to tell the truth personally was as difficult as ascending to the heavens.
After thinking about it, Mo Can said, "I don't want anything. I just want the blood jade bracelet that my father left behind!"
When he heard Mo Can's conditions, Mo Xiuyan heaved a sigh of relief. If it was just the return of the blood jade bracelet, it wouldn't have been difficult.
Mo Xiuyan nodded. "This blood jade bracelet was your father's personal item. Since you want it, I can give it to you!" After speaking, Mo Xiuyan flipped his hand and the brocade box containing the blood jade bracelet appeared in his hand. With a light push, the brocade box flew horizontally and floated in front of Mo Can.
Mo Can took the brocade box and opened it to verify its authenticity. Only then did he put the brocade box away. At this moment, Mo Can was still somewhat unwilling. He didn't even want the blood jade bracelet. What he cared about was the cause of his father's death!
But after thinking about it, Mo Can sighed. "Other than that, I have nothing else …"
＝＝＝＝＝

Chapter 194
A sly smile appeared on Mo Xiuyan's face. This nephew of his was easy to fool. His face returned to its usual elegant and noble appearance. He smiled and said, "In that case, today …"
"Wait!" Before Mo Xiuyan could finish his sentence, Zhu Qianning stood up again.
Mo Xiuyan frowned slightly. As the head of the family, few people dared to interrupt him. Today, however, several juniors did. But when he saw that the other party was Zhu Qianning, he didn't dare to show too much dissatisfaction. Instead, he asked, "Family Zhu's eldest daughter, is there anything else?"
"You almost killed Luo Zheng. How do you want to settle this matter?"
Most women were narrow-minded and vengeful. It was impossible to expect Zhu Qianning to be a gentleman and let bygones be bygones.
Besides, Mo Xiuyan had just almost killed Luo Zheng. This was something she couldn't tolerate no matter what!
Mo Xiuyan's face darkened. Today, he had lost all face, but Family Zhu was still holding on to him. She was really pushing her luck! Mo Xiuyan's face also darkened. "Family Zhu's eldest daughter, I've already said that today's matter is at fault. It can be considered a misunderstanding. If you think that I went overboard, please forgive me."
Zhu Qianning sneered and said, "I advised you not to make a move earlier, but you didn't forgive me? If Uncle Cang Qiu wasn't here, would you forgive me? Then tell me, why should I forgive you? "
"Could it be that Family Zhu's eldest daughter is determined to keep harping on this matter?" Mo Xiuyan couldn't retreat and asked with a gloomy face.
"Of course!" Zhu Qianning said matter-of-factly.
"Hmph, you've gone too far!" Mo Xiuyan finally couldn't stand it anymore. Everyone had a temper. Mo Xiuyan had already lost face as the head of the family, but he couldn't be suppressed by a junior. Under Zhu Qianning's pressure, he couldn't tolerate it no matter what.
At this time, Cang Qiu, who was in mid-air, revealed a feminine smile. "Since Qianning is in trouble, I naturally have to stand up for her. Qianning, what do you want me to do?"
Zhu Qianning's lips curled. She wanted Cang Qiu to teach Mo Xiuyan a lesson, but at this time, Mo Yun pulled her sleeve.
Mo Yun's face was pale as she begged. She said softly, "Sister Qianning, I beg you. Let my father go. Let's forget about this matter, okay?"
Mo Yun was Zhu Qianning's best friend, and she was Mo Xiuyan's daughter. She was in a dilemma.
Zhu Qianning looked at Mo Yun and her heart softened. In the end, Zhu Qianning sighed and said to Cang Qiu, "Uncle Cang Qiu, forget it. This matter ends here."
Cang Qiu and Mo Xiuyan didn't have any grudges. Since Zhu Qianning said so, he didn't have any objections. He just gave Mo Xiuyan a strange smile. Then, crystal clear ice began to rise around him. He was completely wrapped in it and flew outside.
Mo Can had taken his father's blood jade bracelet. There was no need to stay in the Mo Family. He said to Luo Zheng, "Brother Luo Zheng, let's leave."
Luo Zheng nodded. Then he called Zhang Wuxian, Zhou Xian and the others to leave.
Zhang Wuxian communicated with Shi Hu. Only then did Shi Hu walk at the back with a chopping knife.
The last one to leave was Zhu Qianning. She wanted to teach Mo Yun's father a lesson, but now she went to comfort Mo Yun. Then she glared fiercely at Mo Xiuyan. It was as if she was saying, "If it wasn't for your daughter, you would be dead today!"
Then he followed behind and shouted with dissatisfaction, "Hey, wait for me!"
After Luo Zheng and the others left, Mo Xiuyan let out a long sigh. He waved his hand and an armchair beside him moved over automatically. He lay down heavily on the armchair as if he was paralyzed.
Ever since he became the head of the Mo Family, he had never suffered such a big loss.
The other members of the Mo Family were silent. They all knew that Mo Xiuyan was really angry. If anyone went up to talk to him, they would definitely become the target of his anger.
However, Mo Yu was his son. He didn't have such taboos. He went up to Mo Xiuyan and said, "Father, are we just going to let this matter go?"
Mo Xiuyan sighed and asked, "What else can we do if we don't let it go?"
What right did the Mo Family have to go against the Zhang Family and Family Zhu? They didn't even deserve to carry their shoes! They didn't have the right to be their opponent.
Mo Yu gritted his teeth and his eyes were red. He was like a trapped beast. He thought about it and realized that the root of the problem was Mo Can. He swore in his heart that he would take revenge. He would make Mo Can regret being born into this world!
However, he couldn't count on Luo Zheng to avenge his defeat. He knew that he and Luo Zheng weren't on the same level. Even his father couldn't do anything to that kid, let alone him.
At this moment, one of the stewards of the Mo Residence hurriedly ran over.
The steward seemed to have something to report. However, the other members of the Mo Family gave him a look, indicating that he shouldn't disturb Mo Xiuyan at this time.
If he disturbed the head of the Mo Family at this time, he would be courting death.
However, the steward seemed to have something important to report. He hesitated for a moment and paced back and forth with an anxious expression.
Mo Yu saw this and walked out to ask the steward, "What do you have to report?"
When the steward saw Moyu, his expression was extremely ugly. Only then did he say, "Just now, I went to investigate the residence. That kid destroyed three hundred and thirty-six of the houses in the residence …"
"What?!" Mo Yu's expression changed.
Although he heard the sound of the violent collision, Mo Yu guessed that the mansion had suffered heavy losses.
There were a total of 561 mansions in the Mok Province. Although they were destroyed, it wasn't difficult to repair them. However, no matter which landowning household it was, they all attached great importance to their inheritance.
Most of these mansions were passed down from the ancestors of the Mo Family. Who would have thought that this fight would destroy more than three hundred of the mansions. That was almost half of the mansions. For the Mo Family, this was an invisible loss!
When he heard the steward's report, Mo Yu's hatred grew even stronger. He stared at the gate of the Mok Province, which was the direction Mo Can had left. "Mo Can … I will definitely kill you with my own hands!"
Mo Can naturally couldn't hear Mo Yu's words. Although he had obtained the blood jade bracelet, he was still in low spirits.
He was usually very optimistic, but at this moment, he was still walking in front with a gloomy look on his face.
When Zhang Wuxian and Zhou Xian saw Mo Can's expression, they looked at each other. At the moment, they didn't have a better way to persuade Mo Can.
After all, when he suddenly found out that his father might have died unjustly, and that he might have been killed by Mo Can's Third Uncle, one could imagine the degree of pain in his heart.
It was likely that Mo Can would never return to Mok Province in the future.
Zhang Wuxian and Zhou Xian didn't have such a deep impression of this feeling. Besides Mo Can, there was also Luo Zheng.
Luo Zheng's experience was very similar to Mo Can's.
His father, Luo Xiao, was killed by his Second Uncle and Third Uncle. Luo Zheng's experience was even worse than Mo Can's. He was demoted to a servant and was humiliated in the family. He almost paid the price with his life.
Luo Zheng suddenly stepped forward and patted Mo Can's shoulder. "Mo Can, do you want to know the truth and avenge your father?"
Mo Can shrugged and nodded. "Yes, but I can't do it."
"Can't do it?" Luo Zheng's face revealed a trace of ridicule. "If you can't do it, why bother to live in this world? Why don't you jump into the Golden Water River and drown yourself? "
At this moment, they were walking by a river. This river was called the Golden Water River, and it was the largest river in the inner city of the Imperial Capital. The Golden Water River was sparkling. Under the cover of the setting sun, it reflected an irregular golden light, as if the entire river was plated with a layer of gold.
Mo Can looked at the Golden Water River next to him, his eyes full of disappointment. "Yes, my father died unjustly. As a son, I can't find out the truth. Even if I know the truth, I can't avenge him with my own hands … I might as well drown myself. Hundreds of people drown in the Golden Water River every year. Aren't you afraid that I'll be one more floating corpse …"
Upon hearing Luo Zheng's words, Zhang Wuxian and Zhou Xian revealed strange expressions. How could he comfort someone like that? Wasn't Luo Zheng persuading Mo Can to commit suicide? However, Luo Zheng didn't want to do things that he wasn't sure of. Presumably, Luo Zheng had his own methods and ideas. Therefore, the two of them didn't interrupt and just waited to see what would happen. If Mo Can really wanted to commit suicide by jumping into the river, they naturally wouldn't allow him to do so.
At this moment, Luo Zheng said with a smile, "I thought you were a coward. I didn't expect you to be so courageous!"
Mo Can glanced at Luo Zheng in puzzlement and said strangely, "Courageous? How am I courageous? "
"You're not even afraid of death. What are you afraid of? What are you afraid of? If you confront Mo Xiuyan face to face, the most he can do is kill you with his sword. What can he do to you? "Luo Zheng asked several questions in succession." If you're not even afraid of death, you might as well torture yourself with your life! If you have the strength in the future, you can ask Mo Xiuyan for advice. What can Mo Xiuyan do to you? Since you're so indifferent to life and death, why don't you gamble with your life? "
Upon hearing Luo Zheng's words, Mo Can's heart suddenly pounded rapidly …
Mo Can's temperament was soft. He resigned himself to adversity, but his heart was still tenacious! Otherwise, with only Luo Zheng's help, he wouldn't have been able to get into the Blue Cloud Sect.
Luo Zheng's words were reasonable. Life was a bitter struggle. If one died like this, it would be inevitable to regret it. It was better to do your best and gamble. So what if you failed in the end? The worst-case scenario was just "death"!
Mo Can followed Luo Zheng's train of thought. At this moment, it was as if a new door had suddenly opened for him. Mo Can didn't have many demands for this world. Even though he was admitted into the Blue Cloud Sect, he didn't cultivate diligently even though he was happy. He was like a monk striking a bell every day.
But now, Mo Can had his own goal. Yes, he wanted to trample Mo Yu under his feet. He wanted to ask Mo Xiuyan face to face how his father died! The prerequisite for all of this was strength!

Chapter 195
When the others saw Mo Can's reaction, how could they not know that Mo Can was excited at this moment? They heard Mo Can say, "Yes, you're right. I'm still alive, so I have a chance to help my father get an explanation!"
Seeing that Mo Can had cheered himself up so quickly, Luo Zheng smiled slightly. "That's right. As long as there's hope, there's motivation to work hard!"
Zhang Wuxian and Zhou Xian finally smiled. As expected of Luo Zheng, he was able to restore Mo Can's confidence with just a few words. If it had been anyone else, it would have been difficult to do so.
"Hey, hey, you guys … Are you all full?" Zhu Qianning, who had been left behind, asked with a smile at this moment.
Zhang Wuxian touched his round belly, shook his head and said, "We haven't eaten anything yet and we're already making a scene. How could we have eaten anything?"
"I haven't eaten either. Why don't we find a place to have a meal?" Zhu Qianning said with a smile.
"Agreed!" Zhou Xian raised both his hands in agreement.
After all the trouble just now, everyone was hungry. Now, it was time to solve the problem of their stomachs.
There were many prosperous places in the Imperial City. Zhu Qianning, Mo Can, and Zhang Wuxian grew up in the Imperial City, so they were very familiar with the Imperial City. Soon, they decided on a time-honored restaurant, and everyone went straight to the restaurant.
During this meal, Mo Can drank a lot of wine. However, unlike those drunkards, he didn't get drunk the more he drank. On the contrary, the more he drank, the more spirited he became. Although everyone lived in Xiao Yufeng, there weren't many opportunities for them to have a good meal together. Tonight, when drinking with close friends, a thousand cups were not enough. The several young people made a scene and ended the meal very late.
When they were about to leave, Zhu Qianning's face was already red. Her black hair fell down like a waterfall, and her forehead curled into fine hair. At this moment, she looked as beautiful as a fairy in a painting.
As long as Xiantian lifeforms deliberately controlled themselves, it would be difficult for them to get drunk, unless they gave up their resistance to alcohol.
Perhaps because she was happy to meet Luo Zheng, Zhu Qianning was a bit drunk. The two girls who came with Zhu Qianning were chatting with Mo Can and Zhou Xian behind them.
At this moment, only Zhu Qianning and Luo Zheng were walking side by side.
Although it was already past midnight, the night in the Imperial Capital had just begun. Above the pavilions in the distance, the street was illuminated as if it was daytime, and the shadows of the people on the ground were elongated.
Seeing Zhu Qianning's charming appearance, Luo Zheng's heart was slightly moved, and he also felt a little restless.
"Hey, you haven't answered me yet. Why don't you come and play with me?" With Zhu Qianning's status as the daughter of a respectable family, saying such words at this time was clearly not in line with her status. It was just that Zhu Qianning was happy today, so she deliberately made herself slightly drunk.
This was how a girl's thoughts were. Once she set her mind on someone, her thoughts would be the other party's thoughts.
If she were to inquire about this matter when she was sober, she would be embarrassed to death. How could she ask? With a bit of drunkenness, she wouldn't speak carelessly, and her courage would also be a bit greater. This was why Zhu Qianning drank the two taels of "peach blossom wine" at the dinner table.
Previously, when Zhu Qianning asked, Luo Zheng didn't directly answer. Now that she asked, Luo Zheng couldn't escape.
After thinking for a while, Luo Zheng actually couldn't think of a suitable reason. He could only say, "I was a little busy, so I forgot …"
Zhu Qianning pursed her lips, feeling a little disappointed. Although Zhu Qianning knew that Luo Zheng was busy with cultivation, he didn't seem to understand a girl's thoughts by answering her so directly. He didn't know how to hide it at all.
However, on second thought, Luo Zheng's character and ability were just like that. He wouldn't lie and would say whatever was on his mind. It was better than those wastrels who talked big and lied to others.
With this thought, the two of them were no longer so reserved. They walked along the road by the side of the Golden Water River for a long time before everyone went their separate ways …
Zhang Wuxian and Luo Zheng didn't return to the Blue Cloud Sect.
Zhang Wuxian still had the item that Luo Zheng had entrusted to auction — 50 drops of Sky Amplification Essence.
After the Zhang family had auctioned off a drop of Sky Amplification Essence at the Tianlu Auction, people had come to ask if the Zhang family had any more Sky Amplification Essence that they wanted to purchase.
Among these people, there were extremely powerful Otherworldly Experts, and there were also people from aristocratic families.
Sky Amplification Essence had a wide range of uses. It could raise the grade of almost all weapons.
Owning a high-grade weapon was a martial artist's lifelong pursuit. Everyone valued it highly.
However, it was almost impossible to raise the grade of a weapon after it was forged, unless it was melted down and reforged. However, melted down and reforged was almost equivalent to refining a weapon from scratch.
Therefore, everyone could only pin their hopes on Sky Amplification Essence. Unfortunately, there was just too little of it.
Many people had heard that the 50 drops of Sky Amplification Essence had been auctioned off by Old Man Huang from the Heavenly Dragon Huang family for only 120,000 cubes of crystal stones. All of them were extremely regretful. They hadn't participated in the auction at the Tianlu Auction. If they had been there, the price of the 50 drops of Sky Amplification Essence would definitely have been much higher.
Since Luo Zheng had entrusted 50 drops of Sky Amplification Essence to him this time, Zhang Wuxian naturally had to do a good job of promoting it. Auctions were like that. The more wealthy people participated in the auction, the higher the price.
Therefore, Zhang Wuxian busied himself with this matter when he returned to the Tianlu Auction.
Although the Zhang family didn't test the fighting ability of their disciples, they had high expectations of their talents in business.
Starting from the age of ten, the Zhang family would set up a ledger for every disciple. This ledger would record the money that the disciples helped the Zhang family earn.
Zhang Wuxian had always been ranked fourth in this ledger …
The top three were all the elite disciples of the Zhang family. One of them was Zhang Wuxian's elder brother, Zhang Wuji.
The last time Luo Zheng had entrusted Zhang Wuxian to auction off the Fire Scorpion Crystal Core, he had helped Zhang Wuxian make a huge contribution to his personal ledger.
Zhang Wuxian had originally been very far away from third place. However, the huge profit from the Fire Scorpion Crystal Core had been recorded in Zhang Wuxian's ledger. This had allowed Zhang Wuxian to advance by leaps and bounds, and he was now only a little bit away from third place.
If he auctioned off the Sky Amplification Essence this time, he would definitely be able to make it into the top three!
What made Zhang Wuxian even more excited was that Luo Zheng meant that he didn't only have a small amount of Sky Amplification Essence. He could provide Zhang Wuxian with a steady supply of it …
Even at the Tianlu Auction House, it was not common to have items worth more than a hundred thousand. If it was really as Luo Zheng had said, and he could steadily provide the Heaven Amplification Essence for the auction, then Zhang Wuxian would have a chance to surpass the second place, or even the first place!
Whether it was in business or cultivation, Zhang Wuxian was the kind of person who refused to admit defeat. However, Zhang Wuxian's talent was not as good as his elder brother's. It was almost impossible for him to surpass Zhang Wuji in martial arts. However, being able to surpass his elder brother in business was enough to make Zhang Wuxian proud.
Luo Zheng did not care how much Zhang Wuxian could auction off the Sky Amplification Essence for. He believed that with the Zhang family's professional methods, it would only exceed his expectations.
Furthermore, as long as Luo Zheng had the black fire, he would have an endless supply of Sky Amplification Essence. Being able to extract the Sky Amplification Essence was bound to be a profitable business.
Yesterday's confrontation with Mo Xiuyan had exposed Luo Zheng's considerable weakness.
When Luo Zheng encountered attacks that his Heavenly Demon Vital Energy could not deal with, he would be helpless.
Yesterday, he had been chased into a corner by Mo Xiuyan's sword Qi because he could not do anything about it. However, Luo Zheng also knew that even if he could deal with the sword Qi, Mo Xiuyan would still have a big move that he could not deal with. After all, Luo Zheng could not fight head-on with an expert who had been in the Divine Reflection Realm for many years.
If Luo Zheng had a weapon, the situation would be much better.
Luo Zheng's body was now as hard as a mid-grade spiritual weapon. Ordinary weapons would not be able to hurt him, but he would have a hard time dealing with high-grade spiritual weapons or immortal weapons.
Although the broken flying dagger in his hand had always been his trump card, it was still a flying dagger after all. It could only be used for sneak attacks.
It was not realistic to rely on the broken throwing knife to fight head-on.
The most important thing was that the Peak Competition was about to take place.
The Peak Competition would gather all the elite disciples of the Blue Cloud Sect, among which there would be no lack of extremely powerful people.
Luo Zheng himself also attached great importance to the Peak Competition, so this time, he must be well-prepared.
Fortunately, the Peak Competition would be held after the New Year, so there was plenty of time to prepare.
"Weapons …"
The conventional weapons were sabers and swords. In the Eastern Territory, most people used swords, followed by sabers.
The sword was the leader of all weapons. It could hack and stab, and most cultivation methods were compiled around swordsmanship.
In contrast, sabers could not stab directly, but because the blade was thicker, it was more powerful and domineering when hacking …
In addition to sabers and swords, there were also bows and arrows, hammers, axes, spears, and so on.
After thinking about it, Luo Zheng finally returned to the sword!
He remembered that his father also used a sword. His father's sword was called "Azure Wind Chasing Sword", and it was a high-grade profound weapon. It was a pity that the sword was nowhere to be found.
Father also used a sword, so he could also practice the sword!
After confirming what kind of weapon he wanted, Luo Zheng rushed towards Qian Ji Pavilion.
Qian Ji Pavilion was as usual, business was booming.
When Luo Zheng just entered, those servants still had difficulty greeting Luo Zheng, but coincidentally, the middle-aged shopkeeper who received Luo Zheng last time just happened to pass by.
This middle-aged shopkeeper had a very deep impression of Luo Zheng. Last time, Luo Zheng bought more than two hundred profound weapons in one go. No matter who it was, they would remember this kind of customer and would not forget it for the rest of their life.
That transaction made the middle-aged shopkeeper get a lot of commission!

Chapter 196
"Young Master Luo, what do you want to buy this time?" The middle-aged shopkeeper had been doing business for decades. When dealing with customers, whether it was tone or expression, they were all very precise.
However, meeting such a big customer like Luo Zheng, the middle-aged shopkeeper still couldn't hold back his excitement. His voice trembled slightly.
"Oh? Shopkeeper, hello! " Luo Zheng greeted the middle-aged shopkeeper. "I came this time to see what weapons the Qianji Pavilion has."
The middle-aged shopkeeper originally wanted to ask about the weapons from last time … … More than two hundred profound level weapons were enough to equip a private guard. However, he didn't know what Luo Zheng wanted to do with so many profound level weapons. The middle-aged shopkeeper thought it was better not to ask this question. Perhaps he would offend Luo Zheng by offending him.
Thus, the middle-aged shopkeeper smiled and asked, "Young Master Luo, what kind of weapons do you want to choose? Our Qianji Pavilion recently received another batch of profound level weapons … … "
He thought that Luo Zheng wanted to buy a batch of profound level weapons this time. Luo Zheng shook his head and said, "I won't buy any profound level weapons this time. Maybe next time. This time, I want to buy a sword."
Luo Zheng wasn't in a hurry to buy profound level weapons or refine Sky Derivation Essence.
He wanted to wait until Zhang Wuxian auctioned off the first batch of Sky Derivation Essence. Moreover, he still had more than six hundred drops of Sky Derivation Essence. Even if he successfully auctioned it off the first time, Luo Zheng wouldn't release so much Sky Derivation Essence in one go next time.
He was the only one in the Eastern Region who could sell the Sky Amplification Essence steadily. Luo Zheng naturally understood the principle that the rarer something was, the more valuable it was.
If a large amount of Sky Derivation Essence appeared on the market in one go, the price of this thing would definitely fall. Thus, the best way was to sell it in small batches.
"A sword? What kind of sword does Young Master Luo want to choose? "The middle-aged shopkeeper asked.
"Take me to have a look." Luo Zheng himself wasn't sure, so he wanted to take a look first.
It was rather difficult to choose what one wanted at a glance.
"Since Young Master Luo only wants to choose a treasured sword, naturally it can't be the ordinary weapons on the first floor." The middle-aged shopkeeper said with a smile. The middle-aged shopkeeper had seen Luo Zheng's financial resources. Those profound level weapons were bought with hundreds of pieces. Today, he only wanted to choose one weapon. How could the profound level weapons on the first floor enter his eyes? "I'll take you to the second floor. The good things of our Thousand Secrets Pavilion are basically all on the second floor!"
Luo Zheng nodded and followed behind the middle-aged shopkeeper.
However, when Luo Zheng reached the stairs to the second floor, two guards reached out and stopped him.
"To go to the second floor, you need to show your Qian Ji Pavilion membership certificate," one of the guards said.
On the second floor of the Qian Ji Pavilion, there were quite a few divine weapons stored there. Almost every weapon had a huge value, so ordinary people were not allowed to go up.
At this time, the middle-aged shopkeeper said: "This Young Master Luo is not a member of our Qian Ji Pavilion. However, he is my guest, so please step aside."
The two guards hesitated. This was definitely against the rules. If this kid went up to the second floor and did something, or stole something, how would they explain it?
At this time, the middle-aged shopkeeper couldn't bear it anymore. He was afraid of offending Luo Zheng, so he roared: "Hurry up and step aside! You two disgraceful things! "The middle-aged shopkeeper was also anxious and scolded.
The two guards' faces showed unhappiness, but thinking of the middle-aged shopkeeper's position, they could only endure. They stepped aside and made way for Luo Zheng.
The middle-aged shopkeeper said with a smile: "Young Master Luo, please go up. These two guys don't know the rules. Please don't blame them!"
Luo Zheng smiled and said: "It's nothing. They are also doing things according to the rules. It's actually difficult for them." He actually understood the situation of the two guards. From their duties, what was wrong with doing this?
Compared to the first floor of the Qian Ji Pavilion, the second floor was much smaller. However, because there were not many people, it seemed empty.
Although the space was not big, the second floor was, after all, a place to receive guests. The decoration was exquisite and unusual. Looking around, one could see the attention paid to it.
For example, the ground was paved with a fine green carpet. It looked like a man-made carpet, but in fact, this carpet was made from a plant called Ground Velvet Grass. This kind of Ground Velvet Grass grew in the crevices of the southern mountains.
Ground Velvet Grass was soft and comfortable to step on. It was warm in the winter and cool in the summer. After the Imperial Palace took the lead in transplanting Ground Velvet Grass from the south, the entire Burning Heaven Imperial Capital's soldiers followed suit.
However, the southern mountains were originally not many. Ground Velvet Grass was also a rare thing. Under the crazy scramble of the nobles, Ground Velvet Grass suddenly became rare and incomparably precious.
The value of the Ground Velvet Grass under his feet was probably worth hundreds of crystal stones! This did not include the cost of taking care of the Ground Velvet Grass.
It was hard for the poor to imagine that just to pave the grass floor would cost them money that they could not earn in a few hundred lifetimes.
This was not the only place that was particular about the second floor. For example, the window at the side was made of translucent seven-colored glass, and the decorative wall skirt exposed natural cloud patterns. It was also made of the same precious mica wood.
"This way, this way!" The middle-aged shopkeeper saw Luo Zheng looking around and thought that Luo Zheng was shocked by the second floor's style.
The boss of Qian Ji Pavilion knew the hearts of the customers. For the decoration of the second floor of Qian Ji Pavilion, he spent a lot of time and money to create this effect.
Seeing the expression of the middle-aged shopkeeper, Luo Zheng revealed a faint smile. He was not resistant to luxury and comfort. If the environment was too bad, he could still put up with it.
Under the guidance of the middle-aged shopkeeper, Luo Zheng shuttled all the way to the second floor.
The space on the second floor was not big compared to the first floor, but there were many good things on display.
Along the way, one could see a display table on the ground. In the center of the display table, there was a weapon.
There were no Profound Level weapons here. Almost all the weapons started from Spirit Level weapons.
As he walked forward, Luo Zheng saw a fiery red broadsword. This broadsword was placed in the middle of several iron frames. Just as he approached the broadsword, he could feel a strong heat. Although this broadsword was still an ownerless item, it was still burning. The heat was roasting the Ground Velvet Grass on the ground.
This broadsword should be a High Level Spirit Weapon. Its value was naturally not cheap.
Luo Zheng did not have much interest in broadsword-type weapons. He just looked at it curiously. The middle-aged shopkeeper saw that Luo Zheng was interested in the broadsword. He quickly stopped and turned his head, wanting to introduce it to Luo Zheng.
However, Luo Zheng shook his head and signaled for the shopkeeper to continue forward.
Afterwards, they passed by some weapon displays. Luo Zheng's eyes only paused for a moment. He skimmed over the weapons one by one.
After a while, Luo Zheng finally stopped in front of a display table.
There were three swords on the table.
The three swords were different in style, shape and color.
Luo Zheng did not know why the three swords were placed together.
When the shopkeeper saw that Luo Zheng finally stopped and looked at the three swords, he smiled and said to Luo Zheng, "These are Senior Che Daozi's three High Level Spirit Weapons!"
"Che Daozi's?" Luo Zheng was shocked. Luo Zheng was not familiar with other master refiners.
However, Luo Zheng had bought Che Daozi's refining manual. After reading through it, he was shocked by Che Daozi's refining techniques. This person had immersed himself in the dao of refining for a long time and was indeed unique in his own way. Therefore, when Luo Zheng heard that these three swords were refined by Che Daozi, his interest was greatly piqued.
Seeing Luo Zheng's expression, how could the middle-aged shopkeeper not understand that Luo Zheng seemed to have taken a fancy to these swords? The shopkeeper immediately used his hand to open the cover. As he removed one of the swords from the buckle, he said, "Speaking of these three swords, they can be considered as having a twisted fate!"
As he spoke, the middle-aged shopkeeper took out the first white sword and handed it over to Luo Zheng with the hilt.
Luo Zheng reached out to take the white sword. He immediately felt it sink. "This sword is so heavy!" Luo Zheng's physical strength was astonishing. Due to his special physique, even without activating his dragon scales, his strength was far greater than that of an ordinary person. However, he still felt the weight of the sword when he held it with one hand.
Generally speaking, swords paid particular attention to elegance and were very light. The lighter the sword, the faster the sword and the sharper the sword qi.
However, this sword was the opposite. He didn't know what it was made of, but it was actually so heavy.
The shopkeeper naturally understood the mystery. He laughed mischievously and said, "Young Master Luo, please listen to me slowly!" Then he shouted to the side, "Why haven't you brought a stool for us yet?"
Luo Zheng didn't know whether to laugh or cry. The treatment on the second floor was too considerate. Did they need a stool just to stand there for a while? Just as he was about to say that there was no need, a manservant carried two stools and placed them behind Luo Zheng and the middle-aged shopkeeper.
The shopkeeper gestured for them to sit and then said, "This sword is called 'Jiu Zhong Feng'. It's a heavy sword. The sword's body is a hundred times heavier than an ordinary sword."
"Jiu Zhong Feng?" Luo Zheng opened the buckle on the scabbard and gently pulled it out. The sword was halfway out of the scabbard.
When an ordinary sword was pulled out of the scabbard, it would rub against the iron buckle on the scabbard and make a crisp and pleasant sound.
However, this Jiu Zhong Feng's blade was too heavy. When Luo Zheng pulled it out, it only made a dull sound.
This sword's blade was much wider and thicker than an ordinary sword's blade. There were also mesh-like metal veins on the blade. It was very beautiful.
"This sword is called Jiu Zhong Feng. In fact, it's nine swords combined into one," the shopkeeper said with a smile.
＝＝＝＝＝

Chapter 197
"Nine swords combined into one?" Luo Zheng was slightly startled. Luo Zheng originally thought that the sword was too thick, but he didn't expect the nine blades to have such a meaning. Even if the thinnest nine blades were combined together, it was far from being able to compress them to such a thin realm.
The shopkeeper nodded. "Che Daozi's refining skills are miraculous. Only a genius like him can comprehend such an ingenious refining method!"
The steel used to refine the Nine Layered Edge was called Thousand Refined Steel. It was an extremely malleable type of steel. First, it was calcined until it was extremely soft. Then, it was placed on a metal plate prepared in advance. The bottom of the plate was stuffed with charcoal.
Once the charcoal was ignited, it would burn for three months until the top layer of the plate was completely red. At the same time, it maintained an extremely neat surface.
Then, the Thousand Refined Steel would be placed on the plate. Then, twelve burly men would push a ten-thousand-kilogram roller to grind the Thousand Refined Steel.
After seven days of grinding, the Thousand Refined Steel would become a thin layer of steel sheet that would firmly adhere to the iron plate. At this time, the iron plate would be removed along with the Thousand Refined Steel sheet. When the temperature naturally dropped, the Thousand Refined Steel sheet would automatically fall off the iron plate.
This extremely thin steel sheet was the raw material used to make the Ninefold Blade.
Che Daozi would personally fold the steel sheet, layer by layer. During this process, he would fold it nine times. During each fold, he would add in all sorts of special materials and a secret forging method that Che Daozi wouldn't pass on to outsiders.
The entire process was extremely complicated.
Once the steel sheet was folded together, it would be sent into a crafting furnace to be refined with true fire. The refiner's comprehension of the Heaven's Divination Essence would be slowly refined into it.
In truth, the Nine Layered Edge's forging method was already known to the public.
But apart from Che Daozi himself, no one else could do this!
It was said that the Weapon Refining Grand Master in the Burning Heaven Palace had also used this method to forge a "Nine Layered Edge", but in the end, he still failed. The Weapon Refining Grand Master was unable to fold the nine layers of steel skin together, and in the end, he only managed to forge the "Eight Layered Edge".
"I didn't expect that forging this Ninefold Edge would take so much work and effort!" Luo Zheng pulled out the heavy sword completely, and the sword body rotated nimbly in the air. Heavy swords had the advantages of heavy swords. Because this Nine Layers Edge was not light, it was more suitable for slashing than other swords. In this aspect, it was not inferior to a saber. At the same time, as a sword, it also had the advantages of a sword. It could be used to assassinate and display sword skills.
"Sigh, but it's a pity," the middle-aged shopkeeper sighed.
"A pity?" Luo Zheng looked surprised. "This Jiu Zhong Feng is perfect in every aspect. Why do you feel it's a pity?"
The shopkeeper said regretfully. "Che Daozi wanted to make a ten-layered edge but failed in the end. This sword might have become an immortal weapon if it was stacked!"
"I see …" Luo Zheng quietly stared at the sword. It was already amazing that it could be stacked to the ninth layer. It would be extremely difficult to stack it any higher.
The middle-aged shopkeeper smiled and said, "But as a high-grade spirit weapon, this Nine-layered Edge is already a top spirit weapon. I wonder if Young Master Luo is interested in this Nine-layered Edge?"
Luo Zheng put the sword back into the scabbard and said, "I want to see the other two swords."
There were three swords on the stage. Luo Zheng decided to take a look first before making a decision.
"When it comes to the level of a spirit tool, it is indeed necessary to choose carefully. Only in this way can one buy a treasure that suits one's taste," the middle-aged shopkeeper said as he reached out and picked up the second sword. Then, he handed it to Luo Zheng.
This sword, including the hilt and scabbard, was emerald green. It should be made of jade.
Compared to the "Nine-layered Edge" from before, this emerald green sword was on the other end of the spectrum. The Nine-layered Edge was extremely heavy, and if one did not have enough strength, then using it would be very difficult. However, when this emerald green sword was held in his hand, it felt as light as a goose feather, almost weightless, as if it was weightless.
"This sword is called Jade Wave. It's also a high-grade spirit weapon. In fact, these three swords were made by Che Daozi in his later years. At the time, Che Daozi was at the end of his life but he still wanted to try and make an immortal weapon!"
The biggest criterion for being called a blacksmith grandmaster was whether or not he could make an immortal weapon. This was a standard that had been maintained in the Eastern Domain for thousands of years.
Wang Dai from the Wang Clan, Che Daozi, and the blacksmith from the Burning Sky Palace were called grandmasters because they had refined immortal treasures before!
Wang Dai had only made two immortal weapons in his life, but this was enough to make him a grandmaster.
Che Daozi's fame and status were far higher than Wang Dai's because he had made thirteen immortal weapons in his life. In the long history of the Eastern Domain, the number of immortal weapons he had made was enough for him to sit firmly on the throne of the Eastern Domain's number one blacksmith!
These thirteen immortal weapons had all been made by Che Daozi when he was at the peak of his life. At the end of his life, he had the will but lacked the strength to make another immortal weapon.
These three swords were Che Daozi's final attempt to make an immortal weapon at the end of his life.
It could be said that Che Daozi had exhausted the last of his mental strength to refine these three swords before passing away. If it wasn't for the fact that he had exhausted so much mental strength to refine these three swords, Che Daozi would have been able to live for another two or three years …
Luo Zheng's hand moved slightly and Jade Wave shot out of the scabbard.
Whoosh! Hum hum hum hum …
After the green sword was pulled out, it continued to tremble and emitted a soft hum in the air. This sword hum was long and ethereal, as if a fairy was playing a zither. It was pleasant to the ear and made people feel relaxed.
Luo Zheng raised the sword, which was so thin that it was almost transparent. He could see the other side of the sword from one side, but his vision was filtered by the sword. Everything he saw was green.
"Good sword!"
It had to be said that Luo Zheng was quite knowledgeable. He had entered White Emperor City's treasury and Immortal Abode, but when he saw this extremely beautiful and extremely thin jade sword, he couldn't help but sigh in admiration.
The middle-aged shopkeeper smiled. "Jade Wave is naturally a good sword. It was made from the wings of a level-seven demon beast, the Golden Cicada!"
The Golden Cicada was an extremely rare demon beast. Although it wasn't as rare as the Fire Scorpion Lion, it wasn't far off. Cicada wings were difficult to obtain, but it was even more difficult to make a sword out of them!
The Golden Cicada's wings were tough and innately sharp, capable of cutting through iron like mud.
However, it was far from enough to make a sword. After all, while the wings were tough and sharp, they weren't tough enough. The wings were fine before they were taken off the Golden Cicada's body.
But once they were taken off, they would lose their vitality and become brittle. The slightest carelessness would cause them to shatter into pieces. It was even more impossible to make a sword out of them.
Therefore, after killing the Golden Cicada Master, he needed to soak the Cicada Master's blood in it and return to the capital within a day and a night to hand it over to Che Daozi. He needed to use a secret art to process the wings immediately!
Only then could they maintain their toughness to the greatest extent.
"Although this Jade Wave hasn't been refined into an immortal weapon, it should be one of the best among high-grade immortal weapons. It can be considered a high-grade spirit weapon! Its power is infinitely close to that of an immortal weapon! "The shopkeeper's face lit up with excitement.
Luo Zheng held the Blue Wave in his hand as he stood up and casually swung a few swords. Although he freely cultivated the Red Sandalwood Fist and not a swordsmanship cultivation method, the basic swordsmanship was a must-learn skill for every martial artist. When this set of basic swordsmanship was executed, it was like moving clouds and flowing water, extremely refreshing.
Furthermore, the Jade Wave sword was made from cicada wings. Cicada wings were different from metal. After all, cicada wings were grown, and they were filled with countless tiny holes. Luo Zheng tried to inject his Heavenly Demon Quintessential Essence into the sword, and in almost an instant, the Heavenly Demon Quintessential Essence filled the sword body. The "Jade Wave" sword body immediately changed color, from its original dark green color to a purplish black color.
"Young Master Luo, what do you think of this' Jadewave '?" The middle-aged manager probed.
Luo Zheng nodded. "It's a good sword indeed! I'd like to ask, how much are the Nine-layered Edge and Jade Wave sold for? "
The shopkeeper pointed to the Nine-layered Edge and asked, "These two are both high-grade spirit weapons, but there's a big difference in price. The Nine-layered Edge's price is only 30,000 cubic crystal stones, while Jade Wave's price is 80,000 cubic crystal stones!"
Hearing the shopkeeper's price, Luo Zheng was slightly surprised.
Although Luo Zheng knew that the price of a high-grade spirit weapon wouldn't be low, he didn't expect it to be this expensive.
However, Luo Zheng thought about it and calmed down.
Take his Fire Scorpion Lion's core as an example. A Fire Scorpion's core was auctioned for 70,000 cubic crystal stones, and the Jade Wave was made from the Golden Cicada's wings.
Although the Golden Cicada's wings weren't as rare as the Fire Scorpion's core, the price might be cheaper because the Golden Cicada's wings were mainly used to refine weapons or concealed weapons, while the Fire Scorpion's core could help a refiner or alchemist increase the power of their natal true flames.
However, the Golden Cicada's wings still needed to be refined. Moreover, this Jade Wave was made by the Weapon Refining Grandmaster Luo Zheng, so the price wasn't high. It could even be called cheap.
Luo Zheng didn't have that many cubic crystal stones on hand, but this problem could be easily solved.
The Tianlu Ticket Token Zhang Wuxian had given him allowed him to overspend cubic crystal stones. As for how much he could overspend, Luo Zheng believed that it wouldn't be a problem if he asked Zhang Wuxian. After all, he still had 50 drops of Sky Evolution Essence in Zhang Wuxian's hands.

Chapter 198
At the last Tianlu Auction, a batch of Heaven's Derivation Essence was bought by someone else. The old monsters in the capital regretted it for a long time. If those old monsters had been present, the price of 50 drops of Heaven's Derivation Essence that day would have been more than a few hundred thousand cubes of crystal stones.
After Luo Zheng inquired about the price, he returned the "Jade Wave" in his hand. He then pointed to the third sword and asked, "Shopkeeper, may I know the name of this third sword?"
The middle-aged shopkeeper placed the "Jade Wave" firmly on the display table. He glanced at the third sword, then shook his head and said, "I don't recommend you to buy this third sword."
"Oh? Why is that? "Luo Zheng asked in surprise.
"This third sword is an unfinished product," the shopkeeper said slowly. "Che Daozi didn't sleep for a full day and night when he was refining this sword. After he withdrew his True Fire, he sat down and meditated. He never woke up again. That's how he passed away."
Luo Zheng raised his eyebrows. "In other words, Che Daozi died because he was refining this sword?"
"You can say that, but not really. Che Daozi's lifespan is nearing its end. He knew that he wouldn't be able to live for long. For him, refining an immortal tool is more important than living for a few more years. It's a pity that this sword has the potential to become an immortal tool. But because it's incomplete, it can only be a semi-finished product." The middle-aged shopkeeper shook his head and said.
"If it's only a half-finished product, why is it still here?" Luo Zheng asked curiously. "Would someone buy a half-finished product?"
"Hehe," the shopkeeper laughed. "A half-finished immortal weapon is naturally not an ordinary item. It's definitely valuable. If you don't believe me, Young Master Zhu, take a look …"
The shopkeeper finished speaking and took out the third sword.
Compared to the previous two swords, this third sword didn't look anything special. The surface of the scabbard was gray, and the entire sword didn't have any spirituality. If a sword was compared to a person, then the previous Nine-layered Edge was equivalent to a powerful man. As long as it stood there, it would give people an invisible pressure.
The second sword, Jade Wave, was like an elegant assassin. It was silent and abnormally fast.
The third sword looked fine on the outside, but it was like an idiot who had no thoughts at all. It had lost its inner self.
The middle-aged shopkeeper slowly pulled out the sword. The sword was almost complete. When Luo Zheng's eyes fell on the sword's edge, his eyebrows couldn't help but twitch. The sword's edge was unusually sharp, faintly emitting a sharp aura. But aside from the sword's edge, the sword's body, hilt, and scabbard were all dusty …
"This sword was actually almost complete. It's just that Che Daozi didn't finish the final process........ the final process.......... the process........................... . "The shopkeeper stroked the sword with his hand." The so-called condensation is to refine the Dao of Heaven's Divination into the weapon. Only in this way can the weapon be endowed with a true soul. Only in this way can all kinds of weapons and treasures be graded! We have placed this unfinished weapon here in the hope that a Weapon Refiner who is fated with it will buy it and complete it! "
"Condensation depends on the craftsman's understanding of the Dao of Heaven's Divination. Every craftsman has a different understanding of the Dao of Heaven's Divination. If an ordinary craftsman buys it, the condensation effect won't be very good. Maybe the grade of the refined weapon will be a Xuan Weapon?" Luo Zheng asked.
The shopkeeper nodded with a smile. "That's right. Our price for this sword is only 10,000 cubes of crystal stones. If some craftsmen buy it and have a deep understanding of the Dao of Heaven's Divination, they might get a Fairy Weapon. I'm afraid they can sell it for millions or even millions of cubes of crystal stones. It's just that many craftsmen have seen this sword over the years, but none of them have the confidence to refine it!"
"The so-called condensation is to refine one's understanding of the Dao of Heaven's Divination into the sword. What if the sword is directly infused with Heaven's Divination Essence?" Luo Zheng asked.
"Hahaha." Hearing Luo Zheng's words, the shopkeeper suddenly laughed heartily. "Heaven's Divination Essence is the essence condensed from the Dao of Heaven's Divination. Its effect is naturally better than the Dao of Heaven's Divination!"
"Then why don't others buy it and infuse it with Heaven's Divination Essence?" Luo Zheng asked in surprise.
"That's a good question. First of all, Heaven's Divination Essence is very expensive and priceless. Moreover, this sword is an unfinished weapon. Who knows how much Heaven's Divination Essence it can swallow? Judging by the appetite of a Fairy Weapon, dozens or even hundreds of drops of Heaven's Divination Essence may not be enough to refine this sword. Moreover, with so much Heaven's Divination Essence, those craftsmen can directly refine a completed Upper Grade Spiritual Weapon. This way, whether it's in terms of choice or safety, the effect will be much better! "The shopkeeper said.
So that's why …
First of all, Heaven's Divination Essence was something that had a price but no market. It was something that would not be sold for years.
Moreover, if some craftsmen obtained Heaven's Divination Essence, they could choose to refine a Spiritual Weapon. Some of them had ready-made Upper Grade Spiritual Weapons, and these Upper Grade Spiritual Weapons were weapons that they were used to using. It was naturally better to refine their weapons into Fairy Weapons than to refine this unfinished sword.
However, this sword was suitable for Luo Zheng himself!
Luo Zheng still had a large amount of Heaven's Divination Essence. Although Luo Zheng had not completely mastered the crafting technique, the refining process was not difficult. Luo Zheng could give it a try!
Thinking of this, Luo Zheng suddenly smiled and said to the shopkeeper, "I want this sword."
"Ah?" The middle-aged shopkeeper thought he had misheard. "You said you want the third sword?"
Luo Zheng nodded and said seriously, "I'll buy it."
"But … But …" The shopkeeper hesitated. In fact, he didn't tell Luo Zheng the truth. In principle, this sword shouldn't be for sale because it was entrusted with Che Daozi's unfinished will. The shopkeeper remembered that the owner of the pavilion once told him that if this sword meets a fated person, it could be turned into an immortal item. Even if it was given away for free, it would be worth it!
Seeing the shopkeeper's hesitant expression, Luo Zheng asked in puzzlement, "What's wrong? Isn't this sword priced at ten thousand crystal stones? Shopkeeper, do you think it's too little? "
"That's not it!" The middle-aged shopkeeper quickly waved his hand and said: "Of course there is no such thing. Young Noble Luo, I'll tell you the truth. Our Thousand Secrets Pavilion placed this sword here not because we want to sell it, but because we hope to attract a Tool Refiner to complete it. If anyone can complete this sword and refine it into an Immortal Tool, our Thousand Secrets Pavilion will give it to them for free … but … but …"
The shopkeeper looked at Luo Zheng. No matter how he looked, Luo Zheng did not look like a craftsman!
"Oh … so that's how it is. What if I insist on buying it?" Luo Zheng asked.
"That's not impossible …" The shopkeeper could not refuse a business that was delivered to his door. However, he could not make the decision for this sword. He said, "Then I'll go ask my boss! Wait a moment! "
After saying that, the middle-aged manager hurriedly ran to the side of the second floor.
Luo Zheng sat in the same place, quietly waiting. He was somewhat curious. Who was the boss of this Thousand Secrets Pavilion?
After waiting for about the time it takes to burn a stick of incense, the shopkeeper hurriedly ran over and said to Luo Zheng, "Young master Luo, our boss wants to see you."
Luo Zheng immediately stood up, and the middle-aged shopkeeper took out the treasured sword from the display table and continued to lead Luo Zheng forward.
After a while, Luo Zheng and the shopkeeper reached the end of the second floor. At the end was a narrow spiral staircase. After walking up the stairs, they arrived in front of a vermilion door.
The shopkeeper gently knocked on the vermilion door. Then he heard a hoarse female voice, "Please come in."
The boss of Thousand Secrets Pavilion was a woman?
Luo Zheng's face flashed a strange color. Without thinking much, he followed the shopkeeper into the door.
After opening the door, Luo Zheng saw a complete white tiger skin. On top of the white tiger skin, there was a woman sitting upright. At the end of the wall, there was a fireplace with a raging flame burning.
This woman was also very beautiful. Her hair was tied up in sections behind her head. Although her appearance was somewhat dark, it was because of this that she looked very charming. The woman was barefoot. She leaned on the tiger head on the tiger skin. She stretched out a hand to support her chin and looked at the door. Although it was already midwinter, she was wearing very little. Large pieces of her wheat-colored skin were exposed.
When the shopkeeper came in, his head was already lowered. He did not dare to look again.
When Luo Zheng looked over, he suddenly felt agitated. He suddenly felt that his whole body was being strangled by the woman's seductive appearance. His mouth was dry and his whole body was hot.
"This is a kind of charm technique!"
Luo Zheng's heart skipped a beat. He realized that his reaction was not normal.
In this world, there were some women who were born with the Art of Seduction. There were also some who cultivated it later in life. Some powerful Art of Seduction could even be used in battle to make the opponent unable to concentrate. There were even some who could capture the opponent with just a glance, making the opponent willingly surrender and be captured!
Luo Zheng didn't care if this woman was born with the Art of Seduction. He knew that his mind was indeed affected by her. No wonder the middle-aged shopkeeper lowered his head when he came in. He probably knew how powerful his boss's Art of Seduction was.
In the end, charm techniques were the same as illusions. They were all used to confuse the mind.
If one's soul force was strong, they would naturally not be afraid of the charm technique.

Chapter 199
"Eh?" The woman exclaimed in a hoarse voice. She had not expected Luo Zheng to be able to resist her Charm Technique so quickly.
It must be known that the people who had the least resistance to charm techniques were the young people. The person in front of her looked to be only sixteen or seventeen years old. He was at the age where he was full of vigor and vigor. To be able to break her charm technique in such a short period of time was enough to shock her.
Therefore, the owner of Thousand Chance Pavilion became interested in Luo Zheng after just one meeting.
"You want to buy that sword?" The woman asked in a hoarse voice.
Although her voice was hoarse, it was extremely comfortable to hear. Luo Zheng nodded. "Yes."
"Oh …" The woman stroked the white tiger's fur. "Shopkeeper Qi didn't tell you? This sword isn't for sale. "
"Shopkeeper Qi did, but I insisted on buying it." Luo Zheng said.
The woman shook her head. "Che Daozi used the last part of his life to forge this sword. Che Daozi and my father were good friends. In his will, Che Daozi left instructions that if a weapon refiner could refine it into an immortal weapon in the future, he would give it to them for free. However, if he wasn't confident, he wouldn't sell it no matter how high the price was …"
Luo Zheng's lips curled up. "If I was confident in refining this sword into an immortal weapon, would you really give it to me?"
The middle-aged shopkeeper was startled by Luo Zheng's words. However, his boss was here and it wasn't his turn to speak.
The woman covered her mouth with her hand and laughed. "Young master, you must be joking. You're not even a weapon refiner and don't even have true fire in your body. How would you know how to refine?"
In fact, refining didn't require true fire, but those who knew how to refine were naturally weapon refiners. The woman saw that Luo Zheng cultivated true essence and didn't use true fire. Naturally, she doubted Luo Zheng's words. If one wanted to refine that sword into an immortal weapon, they had to be a weapon refiner first!
"You're wrong. I don't cultivate true fire cultivation methods, but does refining really require true fire in my body? Can't other unusual fires also be used to refine weapons? "Luo Zheng laughed.
The woman sighed. She was sure that Luo Zheng was fooling her. After all, she could tell at a glance whether he was a weapon refiner or not. No matter what, the young man in front of her couldn't be a weapon refiner. It was too easy to expose his lies. "Since you're a weapon refiner, show me your so-called unusual fire!"
After saying that, the woman flicked her finger, and the flames in the fireplace began to shrink. In the end, it shrank to the size of a palm, and the shape of the flame turned into the shape of a bird. It flew out of the fireplace.
.....
.................... but he didn't expect there.................
. The fire spirit was a very special kind of flame.
It was said that in ancient times, there was a clan that built a furnace. The furnace never went out. This clan was very powerful. In a thousand years, they gradually expanded their territory and became the largest clan in the ancient Eastern Domain. The original furnace had become the sacred fire of this clan. In the past thousand years, the sacred fire in the furnace never went out!
That flame burned for thousands of years. Finally, a fire spirit was born!
Burning for thousands of years could give birth to a fire spirit, and it was only a possibility!
It could be imagined that the fire spirit was extremely rare. Luo Zheng had absorbed the Earth Core Fire. He didn't know how long the Earth Core Fire had existed in the underground cave, but he had never encountered a fire spirit.
"I don't like others wasting my time. I hope you're not a liar," the woman said in a hoarse voice.
The little fire spirit circled around the woman's finger. It danced. From time to time, it stared at Luo Zheng with its green bean-sized fire eyes. It suddenly let out a cry, as if it felt the will of its master and threatened Luo Zheng.
Who was the owner of the Thousand Secrets Pavilion?
Since when was there such an expert hiding in the Burning Heaven Empire? Looking at the woman's age, she seemed to be in her early twenties. However, her strength was unfathomable. Luo Zheng couldn't see how strong she was.
Even the Blue Cloud Sect wouldn't be able to cultivate such a talent!
However, Luo Zheng was very calm when the other party asked him to demonstrate the flame. Instead, he said, "You mean, if I have a strange flame, you can give this sword to me for free?"
The woman smiled faintly and said, "Of course it's impossible. It depends on whether or not you're qualified. Che Daozi is an old senior, so I naturally have to help him fulfill his final wish. If you only use ordinary flames, you won't be qualified. How can I give this sword to you? If you leave the Thousand Secrets Pavilion and casually find a blacksmith to refine the sword into a high-grade or even mid-grade spirit weapon, then you'll be going against Che Daozi's wishes. "
Luo Zheng smiled and said to Shopkeeper Qi, "Can you leave for a moment?"
Shopkeeper Qi glanced at Luo Zheng and silently left the room. For Shopkeeper Qi, business was far more important than curiosity. This was the truth he had learned after so many years in the business world.
After Shopkeeper Qi left and closed the door, Luo Zheng communicated with the giant furnace in his mind.
Then, a pure black flame drilled out from between his eyebrows and floated in front of Luo Zheng.
Ordinary flames would generate heat. Even the fire spirit in the furnace couldn't completely restrain all the heat. It was only because the woman wasn't afraid of high temperatures that the firebird could dance around her hand. If it was an ordinary person, they would've been burned to a crisp by the fire spirit.
However, the black flame that Luo Zheng summoned seemed to have no temperature at all.
The moment the wisp of black fire was summoned, the Fire Spirit beside the woman's hand seemed to have met its nemesis. Suddenly, it began to tremble violently. On its bird-like body, traces of flames were constantly trembling!
The woman's pupils suddenly shrank. She looked cautiously at the black flame in Luo Zheng's hand, unable to hide the shock on her face!
The fire spirit in the woman's hand seemed to be unable to resist the fear of the black flame. While trembling, it suddenly circled in the air and then drilled into the furnace next to it.
"Your flame …" The woman said cautiously, "Is it a fire spirit?"
Luo Zheng let the black flame circle in the air for a while before calling it back. The black flame wasn't completely under Luo Zheng's control. It originally intended to come out to find food.
The black flame had a wide range of food. In addition to devouring divine weapons, other flames could also become its food.
Originally, when it found a fire spirit in its eyes, it became excited and wanted to rush over. However, it didn't expect Luo Zheng to order it to return to the furnace in his mind. Naturally, it was reluctant.
However, it lived in Luo Zheng's mind after all. Moreover, Luo Zheng had fed it a lot of weapons before. Therefore, after it circled in the air, it drilled into Luo Zheng's forehead again.
Luo Zheng smiled slightly and said, "I don't know if it's a fire spirit or not, but I hope you will fulfill your promise!"
The woman obviously hadn't woken up from the shock of the black flame.
With her knowledge and experience, she had seen no less than a hundred types of Deviant Flames and Fire Spirits. With her knowledge, the power of a flame was not measured by the amount of heat it released or its destructive power, but by the degree to which the flame was restrained!
For example, the fire spirit beside her. If the power of the flame was restrained to the limit, it could fly close to the wood without igniting it.
This was an extremely powerful fire spirit.
However, when she saw Luo Zheng's black flame, it didn't seem to have any temperature. It was as if it was an icy existence. It was as if other than the shape of a flame, it wasn't actually a flame!
Just how powerful was this flame?
Luo Zheng didn't know the answer to this question, so the woman naturally didn't know either.
After all, until now, Luo Zheng hadn't found anything that the black flame couldn't destroy. Even if it was a high-grade profound weapon made of the hardest material, it would be instantly decomposed into Heaven's Essence under the burning of the black flame. In front of the black flame, everything was as soft as a candle.
The woman looked deeply at Luo Zheng with a trace of hesitation in her eyes. "Although you have an Mystical Flame, you are not a weapon refiner!"
"I am indeed not a weapon refiner, but I can become one. I am very confident that I can refine that sword into an immortal weapon," Luo Zheng said with a faint smile.
It was true that Luo Zheng hadn't mastered the technique of weapon refinement, but the problem was that he had an extraordinary amount of Heaven's Essence. He didn't believe that with so much Heaven's Essence, he couldn't refine that sword.
A person who wasn't a weapon refiner dared to say that he could refine an immortal weapon. If she hadn't seen Luo Zheng's strange flame, the woman wouldn't have believed it even if she was beaten to death. But now, she was a little shaken. This young man was obviously not an ordinary person. What other secrets did he have?
When did such a talent appear in the Eastern Region?
Thinking of her master's words and her father's instructions, she suddenly smiled and said to Luo Zheng, "Since I said it before, I will do it!" With that, she clapped her hands. The middle-aged shopkeeper who was standing outside the door pushed open the door and came in. "Shopkeeper Qi, give that sword to him!"
Shopkeeper Qi's face showed hesitation. "This …"
The woman waved her hand. "I will give you the reward you deserve. Don't worry."
Upon hearing the woman's words, Shopkeeper Qi handed the sword in his hand to Luo Zheng.
Luo Zheng took the sword and bowed to the woman with cupped hands. "Thank you for the sword!"
The woman nodded and said carelessly, "Although giving this sword to you isn't the best choice, there hasn't been a new weapon refiner in the Eastern Region for so many years. Wang Dai and another grandmaster aren't willing to make a move, so it's a waste to leave this sword here. If you are really confident, you can give it a try. Just like Che Daozi said in his last words, everything depends on the fated one!"
Luo Zheng nodded and thanked him again before leaving. He was overjoyed and could not wait to see how far he could condense the sword with the Heaven's Derivation Essence …
After Luo Zheng left, Shopkeeper Qi's expression suddenly changed. He looked at the woman with shining eyes and said, "You seem to have gone a bit overboard with your actions!"
The woman shook her head. Her eyes lazily looked at the raging flames in the fireplace. That Fire Spirit was still squatting in the fireplace, shivering. She said indifferently, "Rules? How many geniuses have appeared in the Eastern Region during these years? The only one left is still trapped in Purgatory Mountain. If they are allowed to continue messing around, I fear that this entire eastern region will be completely ruined! "
"But this brat is merely …" Shopkeeper Qi shook his head, still not agreeing with her words.
"Merely what? An Xiantian lifeform? My vision has never been wrong. I'm afraid that the Blue Cloud Sect alone won't be able to accommodate him. Just wait and see. It won't be long before he really has the qualifications to walk on the Blue Cloud Road! "The woman narrowed her eyes as she spoke. Her eyes were like those of a cat, exuding endless charm.
"You are this sure?" Shopkeeper Qi asked with a serious expression.
The woman suddenly turned around and pointed at the fireplace. She said to Shopkeeper Qi with a smile, "You weren't in the room just now, so I don't blame you for not knowing the situation. Look at the Vermilion Bird in the fireplace, it's so scared!"
Shopkeeper Qi looked over. The Vermilion Bird in the fireplace was currently shaking violently, as if it was greatly frightened …
Shopkeeper Qi's expression immediately changed. "This, why is the Vermilion Bird so scared?!"
＝＝＝＝＝

Chapter 200
Luo Zheng didn't have to spend a single square crystal to get an unfinished weapon for free. He could be considered extremely lucky.
However, Luo Zheng also understood clearly that the other party didn't give it away for free.
Last time, when Luo Zheng purchased weapons, he didn't see through it. However, this time, Luo Zheng understood. Regardless of whether it was Shopkeeper Qi or that woman, they were definitely not ordinary people!
That Shopkeeper Qi could be ignored, but that woman's strength was profound to the point where Luo Zheng couldn't see through her at all. Just how powerful was she? Moreover, she even had a Fire Spirit at her side.
A small Thousand Secrets Pavilion that sold weapons actually hid this type of person. Burning Sky Empire really was full of hidden dragons and crouching tigers.
Only, why would they hide in Thousand Secrets Pavilion? This was something Luo Zheng couldn't figure out.
However, since he noticed them, then Luo Zheng decided that it would be best if he was a bit more careful.
When he returned to Blue Cloud Sect, it was still early in the morning. Today, the mountains were covered in mists. The various peaks within Blue Cloud Sect were covered in clouds and mist.
Luo Zheng entered the sect, but didn't go to Xiao Yufeng.
Instead, he walked towards Dipping Fire Peak at the back of the sect.
Dipping Fire Peak didn't belong to the thirty-three peaks, but rather to the side adjacent to Purgatory Peak.
Purgatory Mountain was the only active volcano within Blue Cloud Sect. However, there was a fire vein that extended from Purgatory Mountain on Dipping Fire Peak. Meanwhile, Blue Cloud Sect precisely listed this place as the Blue Cloud Sect's Weapon Refining Sect.
Even though this peak also recruited disciples, the disciples they recruited didn't practice martial arts, but rather weapon refining.
Compared to the other peaks' disciple examinations, what this peak tested wasn't the martial dao, but rather the dao of weapon refining.
However, Blue Cloud Sect wasn't particularly outstanding in cultivating weapon refiners. That was why the number of disciples on Dipping Fire Peak wasn't that many. It wasn't like the thirty-three peaks that were packed with people. On any one of the peaks, the number of outer disciples exceeded ten thousand.
All of the disciples on this Dipping Fire Peak added up to only a thousand people.
Even though the number was small, Dipping Fire Peak's disciples were still rather popular.
There weren't many craftsmen in the entire Eastern Region. Although Dipping Fire Peak hadn't produced any craftsmen at the grandmaster level, many of the disciples were quite skilled.
There were so many disciples in the Blue Cloud Sect. At the beginning, they cultivated fist techniques. When they reached the middle stage, they would definitely need to choose a weapon that belonged to them. However, the price of weapons was so expensive now. A random high-grade mystic artifact would cost more than a hundred cubes of crystal stones. It was far from what an ordinary disciple could afford.
Therefore, many of the Blue Cloud Sect's disciples chose to entrust Dipping Fire Peak's disciples to forge weapons.
In order to support the blacksmiths in Dipping Fire Peak, the Blue Cloud Sect also issued a rule that anyone who helped a Blue Cloud Sect disciple forge a weapon would be rewarded with a certain amount of points. This rule undoubtedly stimulated the enthusiasm of the blacksmiths in Dipping Fire Peak.
Blacksmiths were extremely wealthy, but at the same time, they were also extremely poor. It was because during the process of refining weapons, they needed to consume large amounts of materials, but what they produced was a pile of waste. Meanwhile, the value of those materials used for refining weapons was often not cheap. Once the refinement failed, the materials would all be lost, the amount that could be recycled was extremely small.
This type of waste wasn't something normal people could afford. That was why those who wished to become a blacksmith, first of all, didn't have to look at their talent in the path of refining, but rather whether their family was wealthy or not!
Dipping Fire Peak wasn't far from Purgatory Mountain, and this peak wasn't that tall either. When one stood at the foot of Dipping Fire Peak, they could see the towering Purgatory Mountain to the side. When the two were compared, Dipping Fire Peak would only seem like a small hill.
Right now, there were expanses of black smoke continuously rising from that hill. This should be the result of Dipping Fire Peak's disciples refining weapons. During the refining process, if one didn't control the flame well, the refining furnace would produce roiling black smoke.
If one's true flame was controlled well, then when the refining furnace was completely burned, there wouldn't be any smoke.
As he walked up Dipping Fire Peak's low and gentle mountain path, he soon saw the neatly arranged buildings at the top. What left Luo Zheng sighed with admiration was that these buildings were all unique. Most of them were made from steel mixed with stone. He didn't see a single building made from wood at the top of Dipping Fire Peak.
It was likely that there was a volcanic vein below Dipping Fire Peak, so the temperature was extremely high year-round. Moreover, during the refining process, it was hard to avoid producing sparks. Wood was too easily ignited, which was why there weren't any wooden buildings here.
Luo Zheng's goal was only to borrow a refining furnace. A refining furnace wasn't hard to find on Dipping Fire Peak. He only needed to look towards the sky, follow the roiling black smoke, and then find it.
Stepping over a lintel, he entered a courtyard. In the courtyard, there was a copper furnace that was about the height of a person. This copper furnace was the refining furnace.
Back in Xie Lang's cave, Luo Zheng was locked in the refining furnace and refined for a long time. At that time, Luo Zheng originally wanted to take Xie Lang's refining furnace, but it was too big and couldn't be stored in the Sumeru Ring, so he could only give up.
Xie Lang was only a Half-step Innate Realm refiner. Although he had some unique attainments in refining weapons, he naturally couldn't be compared to the Blue Cloud Sect. The copper furnace in front of him was shiny, and there were all kinds of runes engraved on the furnace wall. Obviously, it was much more advanced than Xie Lang's refining furnace.
Around the refining furnace, there were seven or eight disciples bustling about.
The refiners on Dipping Fire Peak were obviously divided into inner and outer sect. However, the inner and outer sect disciples on the thirty-three peaks, such as Xiao Yufeng, were basically separated from each other. On the other hand, the inner and outer sect disciples on Dipping Fire Peak were all together, dividing the work.
The outer sect disciples were mainly responsible for some rough work, such as hard labor, carrying, doing odd jobs and so on. The inner sect disciples were responsible for spitting True Fire into the copper furnace.
When Luo Zheng entered, a black-robed disciple was sitting cross-legged at the head of the courtyard. From his hands, True Fire was constantly flowing into the opening above the copper furnace.
A few white-robed disciples, who were in charge of odd jobs, saw Luo Zheng enter. One of them came up and said, "Our Seventeenth Courtyard is refining weapons! Strangers are not allowed to come near! "
The disciples on Dipping Fire Peak were divided according to their courtyard. Along the way, the front of each house was marked with a courtyard number, and this house was marked with "Seventeenth Courtyard".
Today, the disciples of the Seventeenth Courtyard were refining a high-grade Xuan Weapon.
The difficulty of refining a middle-grade Xuan Weapon was still a little difficult for these disciples. Although the True Fire in their bodies was purer and more powerful than Xie Lang's, in terms of technique and proficiency, it was far from Xie Lang's.
Seeing the aggressive looks of the outer sect disciples, Luo Zheng stopped in his tracks.
One of the outer sect disciples came forward and sized up Luo Zheng. He found that Luo Zheng was Xiao Yufeng's disciple.
Generally, the disciples of the 33 peaks who came to Dipping Fire Peak were commissioned to refine weapons. For the disciples of Dipping Fire Peak, this was a good thing.
However, Luo Zheng was wearing a white robe. Generally speaking, he belonged to the grassroots with no money and no power. He shouldn't have much money on hand, let alone points. The number of tasks that the outer sect disciples could complete could be counted on one's fingers. Their points were pitifully small. They probably couldn't even afford the cheapest low-grade Xuan Weapon.
Therefore, the outer sect disciple didn't have a good expression. He vaguely asked, "What are you doing here? Do you want to buy weapons? "
Luo Zheng shook his head and said, "I'm not buying."
The Xuan Weapons refined by the disciples of Dipping Fire Peak certainly couldn't enter Luo Zheng's eyes.
"Then why did you come to Dipping Fire Peak? Where are you going to have fun? Can you afford to disturb our senior brother refining a high-grade Xuan Weapon? " The outer sect disciple waved his hand to drive Luo Zheng away. When talking about high-grade Xuan Weapons, he was quite proud. Dipping Fire Peak had more than a thousand disciples and was divided into hundreds of small courtyards. The number of small courtyards that could refine high-grade Xuan Weapons could be counted on one's fingers. If they succeeded today, it would be a great merit. The disciples of the 17 courtyards, regardless of whether they were outer or inner sect disciples, would receive a lot of rewards.
Of course, this might be a lot for them, but in Luo Zheng's eyes, it was naturally a small amount.
Although the outer sect disciple was driving Luo Zheng away, Luo Zheng didn't move. Instead, he stood in place and shook his head and said, "I want to borrow your crafting furnace."
When the outer sect disciple heard Luo Zheng's words, he suddenly laughed and said, "Don't tell me you're here to make fun of me? You want to borrow our crafting furnace? You want to refine weapons? "
"I don't want to refine weapons. I just want to condense," Luo Zheng said seriously.
Refining weapons was a complicated technique. Luo Zheng didn't have a systematic training, so he was very unfamiliar with the first few steps of refining weapons. However, the condensing step only tested the refiner's understanding of the Way of Heaven's Divination. Luo Zheng might not have a deep understanding of the Way of Heaven's Divination, but he had the essence of Heaven's Divination in his hands. Therefore, it shouldn't be difficult for Luo Zheng to condense weapons.
"Haha …" The outer sect disciple seemed to have heard a big joke. As the saying goes, different professions make one feel different. The disciples of the 33 peaks were all martial artists, not refiners. Of course, it didn't mean that there wasn't a single refiner among the hundreds of thousands of disciples in the 33 peaks. The world was so big that there was never a lack of geniuses. Some of them were both martial artists and proficient in refining weapons. However, the outer sect disciple stubbornly believed that Luo Zheng couldn't do it.
"I've said that if you have nothing to do but make fun of me, you can go wherever you want. Hurry up and leave. I'm going to close the door!" The outer sect disciple finally couldn't bear it and wanted to drive Luo Zheng away.