Apotheosis – Ascension to Godhood
Vol.9

Chapter 801
Even a Divine Sea warrior would have to reattach his arm after losing it. If he didn't do so, he would become a cripple.
Such a miraculous self-healing ability shouldn't appear on a human's body. Therefore, the Nine Cauldron Martial Palace's interest in this little monster grew.
The Nine Cauldron Martial Palace's research on this little monster's body had always been carried out in secret. Until the warriors of the Nine Cauldron Martial Palace discovered a huge secret in this little monster's body, an innate talent that could help other warriors in their cultivation!
A warrior's innate talent was determined at birth. There might be some herbs that could change one's innate talent, but they couldn't be found in the Divine Kingdom.
In order to cultivate faster, and to reach a higher level, the Divine Kingdom had built many Martial Palaces, countless secret cultivation grounds, and organized warriors of all levels to train and fight with ferocious beasts. They could stimulate one's innate potential in the midst of life and death …
Everything was done in order to stimulate one's innate talent to the fullest, and make the best use of it.
When the warriors of the Nine Cauldron Martial Palace discovered this little monster's innate talent, they immediately went crazy.
A Xiantian warrior who had been stuck in a bottleneck for many years might never have the chance to break through to the Divine Reflection realm. But, after sparring with this little monster, the bottleneck was quickly broken, and not long after, he would break through to the Divine Reflection realm …
This was the effect of this little monster's innate talent.
The little monster who had just entered the Nine Cauldron Martial Palace was only at the Marrow Refining realm, he wasn't even a Xiantian lifeform.
Soon, the Nine Cauldron Martial Palace found out that this little monster could help others break through their bottleneck during sparring. But, there was a limit to it; the gap between their cultivation bases couldn't be too big.
When a Divine Core warrior sparred with this little monster, the benefits he could get were minimal. But, a Xiantian lifeform could obtain great benefits from this little monster.
The Nine Cauldron Martial Palace had built a stone tower specifically for this little monster, then they chained him to the tower with iron chains. After that, they would send some Xiantian warriors into the tower every day to fight with this little monster.
With this little monster's ferocious nature, many Xiantian warriors had died in his hands. But, after sparring with this little monster, those Xiantian warriors who survived would quickly break through to the next level.
The little monster wasn't an idiot. Although he was filled with his ferocious nature, he soon realized the purpose of these warriors.
But, for the next few days, the little monster refused to fight. No matter how the Nine Cauldron Martial Palace tortured him, he refused to fight.......
After a few months of deadlock, the Nine Cauldron Martial Palace.
After all, it would be a waste to let the little monster cultivate with the Xiantian Realm martial artists of the Nine Cauldrons Martial House. It would be better to nurture the little monster. In the future, when he reached the Divine Reflection Realm, False Tribulation Realm, or even the Life and Death Realm, he would be of great help to the Nine Cauldrons Martial House!
This was the reason why the little monster had the opportunity to blend into the human world. As his overall strength became stronger, his talent became more and more important. After breaking through to the Divine Core realm, he was able to help Void Tribulation warriors break through their bottlenecks, and after breaking through to the Void Tribulation realm, he had even helped many Life and Death warriors break through their bottlenecks!
Because of this, many Divine Sea Realm warriors were hoping that this little monster could break through to the Late Stage of the False Tribulation Realm.
If the little monster entered the Life and Death Realm, wouldn't it be able to help a bunch of Spirit Sea Realm warriors break through their bottlenecks?
This was a huge temptation, one that no Spirit Sea Realm warrior could resist.
Regardless of whether it was the Yu the Great, the Tianfeng War Emperor, or Zhou Huang, they had been stuck at the Divine Sea Realm for countless years. However, the resources in the Lower World were too scarce for them to break through to the Divine Sea Realm!
Since they couldn't ascend to the Immortal Realm, the little monster was the only hope for these Divine Sea warriors.
Taking advantage of this fact, the little monster had a high status. Even the Princes and Crown Princes didn't dare offend him.
But, ever since the little monster reached the Late Void Tribulation realm, his cultivation had suddenly stopped.
Many Divine Sea warriors were confused. The little monster's talent was incredible, so why was he stuck at the Late Void Tribulation realm?
Ten years had passed, but the little monster was still stuck at the Late Void Tribulation realm. He hadn't stepped into the Life and Death realm.
Some Divine Sea warriors couldn't help but challenge the little monster. But, the gap between the Divine Sea realm and the Void Tribulation realm was just too big, and the results were almost negligible.
But, they didn't have any better ideas. All they could do was wait for the little monster to break through.
Fortunately, Divine Sea warriors had long lives. They had plenty of time to wait. If they couldn't break through to the Void Tribulation realm in ten years, then they would wait for twenty or thirty years.
It should be easy to kill Luo Zheng with such a guy. But, after watching the battle between Luo Zheng and Huo Yuner, Bai Yuerong hesitated. Luo Zheng's talent was horrifying. Like the little monster, he also had supernatural powers that were beyond the reach of ordinary people.
Under Bai Yuerong's watch, the battle inside the seal began to quicken.
The little monster's one hand wrapped tightly around Luo Zheng, forcing Luo Zheng into a hand-to-hand fight. This was the little monster's best fighting style. Every part of his body could be used as a deadly weapon.
None of the warriors who were entangled by the little monster survived. Without exception, they all died in his hands.
Unfortunately, this time, the little monster met Luo Zheng. The little monster could turn his whole body into a weapon, but Luo Zheng himself was a weapon!
Not to mention, Luo Zheng had just refined a moment ago. He already had the body of a divine weapon!
The little monster's neck suddenly elongated, and its head was raised high. Then, it smashed its head heavily at Luo Zheng.
Luo Zheng looked calm. His left hand was full of power. He punched at the little monster's head. It was like punching a sandbag. The huge force directly smashed the little monster's head 200 feet away, hitting the side wall of the seal. Then, the little monster's head bounced back and smashed at Luo Zheng with an even more horrifying force!
The battle between the two was like two ferocious beasts.
Every time they attacked, even the seal set up by a mighty warrior of the Divine Sea Realm would shake violently.
Warriors of the False Tribulation Realm were so powerful that they could split mountains and rocks with a raise of their hands. In fact, each of their punches had the same effect. It was just that they were bound by the seal, so it didn't look so horrifying. If the seal was released and they were fighting outside, the West Dragon River would have been riddled with holes by now!
"I'm also stunned by this battle. It seems that there is no winner …" A warrior shook his head and said.
"It's Luo Tianxing's bad luck to meet an opponent like the little monster. It's too difficult to deal with!"
"But this Luo Zheng isn't bad either. What the hell is his body? He must have been attacked by the little monster a lot. It looks like nothing happened to him! "
At this time, a trace of impatience appeared on Luo Zheng's face. This little monster was more difficult to deal with than he had imagined. He had to get this guy off him first. Thinking of this, Luo Zheng suddenly turned around and twisted the other hand of the little monster. Then he suddenly jumped into the air and kicked the little monster's chest hard.
Seeing Luo Zheng's action, the little monster understood Luo Zheng's action. "You want to get rid of me? In your dreams! "
But at this moment, the Vital Spirit in Luo Zheng's body suddenly burst out. The moment he kicked, the power of the dragon scales in his body also surged out. Then Luo Zheng hit the edge of the seal like a shooting star. But the little monster's hands were still wrapped around Luo Zheng's body!
Luo Zheng had expected this. The moment he hit the edge of the seal, he pulled hard again.
"Bang!"
The little monster's soft body also fell to the side of Luo Zheng.
"Dream on? I don't believe that your body has no limit! " This time, Luo Zheng swung his hands again and threw the little monster away. The little monster's body was instantly stuck on the other side of the seal …
"Bang, bang, bang, bang …"
Loud sounds were heard. The little monster's body was swung around by Luo Zheng and smashed on both sides of the seal!
Every impact caused the seal to shake. One could imagine how much force the little monster's body was bearing.
"This …" Seeing the little monster being treated like this by Luo Zheng, a Divine Sea Realm almighty showed a worried expression. Then, he asked Battle Emperor Yu the Great, "Should we stop Luo Zheng? Although the little monster has an almost immortal body, if this continues, it's hard to say! "
Many Divine Sea Realm almighty were eagerly waiting for the little monster to enter the False Tribulation Realm. They were afraid that the little monster would be smashed to death by Luo Zheng!
＝＝＝＝＝

Chapter 802
The little monster chose to fight with Luo Zheng in close combat. It was definitely a wrong choice.
His body was indeed very special. No one in the four Divine Kingdoms could match him in terms of strength or physical strength!
Therefore, in theory, the little monster would have a great advantage in close combat with his physical strength!
Unfortunately, he met Luo Zheng.
With Luo Zheng's current strength, even a Divine Ocean Realm Almighty would not be able to withstand a punch from him.
Moreover, after reaching the Divine Artifact Body, Luo Zheng's body was as strong as a Divine Artifact! Ordinary Divine Artifacts such as sabers and swords were only thin pieces. However, Luo Zheng's body was much wider than ordinary sabers and swords. Naturally, his body was much stronger than ordinary Divine Artifacts.
How could the little monster hurt Luo Zheng in close combat?
Therefore, the little monster chose a path that was destined to fail …
Battle Emperor Yu the Great didn't say anything. The little monster wouldn't die so easily. The little monster's life force was so strong that it made people's hair stand on end. However, he was still being hit by Luo Zheng.
The problem was that if he stopped the little monster, it would be equivalent to the little monster admitting defeat. Like Bai Yuerong, Battle Emperor Yu the Great hoped that the little monster could kill Luo Zheng!
At this moment, Battle Emperor Yu the Great was a little annoyed. The little monster was too arrogant at the beginning. He crippled his own martial arts and gave up on using his True Essence. Instead, he fought with Luo Zheng with his physical strength! Just like Bai Yuerong said, Luo Zheng had killed a fourth stage False Tribulation Realm warrior. Moreover, the Star Sword Venerable Master and the Heartless Monk had also fallen.
Although Battle Emperor Yu the Great didn't believe that the Heartless Monk and the Star Sword Venerable Master were killed by Luo Zheng, it was still related to this kid. This kid's secrets were probably no less than the little monster's!
"Bang, bang, bang …"
The violent attacks continued. Battle Emperor Yu the Great's expression became more and more unpleasant. How long was this guy going to endure?
Battle Emperor Yu the Great's expression didn't look good. However, many warriors felt very comfortable.
This little monster was a notorious guy. If all the evil deeds he had committed were accounted for, even if he was the Divine Kingdom's Crown Prince, he would be crippled!
The vast majority of martial artists hated this person very much. However, the vast majority of martial artists could not afford to offend this fellow, so they could only hide far away.
This was especially true for the Nine Cauldron Martial House's martial artists. When they saw the little monster being brutally abused by Luo Zheng, their faces were filled with gratification. It was as if they were happier than celebrating the New Year. Luo Zheng had helped them vent their anger.
Huo Yuner, who had returned to the top of the stairs, saw this scene, and a smile appeared on her face. It seemed that her previous worries were superfluous. Evil people would be dealt with by evil people. This little monster deserved it!
Huo Yuner rarely fought and rarely left the Tianfeng Divine Nation. However, in order to break through faster, the Tianfeng War Emperor once brought Huo Yuner to the Great Yu Divine Nation to spar with the little monster.
At that time, the little monster had already broken through to the Divine Core realm. When he was sparring with Huo Yuner, he kept spouting dirty words, and nearly injured Huo Yuner. At that time, the Tianfeng War Emperor's face turned green, and he even wanted to kill the little monster. Luckily, Battle Emperor Yu the Great stopped him, allowing the little monster to escape death.
Although Huo Yuner was able to quickly break through to the Late Divine Core realm with the help of the little monster's innate talent, the little monster's frightening appearance had left a deep impression on her. After returning to the Heavenly Wind Divine Nation, she had spent half a year in nightmares …
Therefore, whenever Huo Yuner mentioned the little monster, a deep fear would emerge in her heart. At the same time, she hated him to the core.
On the other hand, Luo Zheng had left a deep impression on Huo Yuner. All martial artists were born to worship those who were stronger than them.
Within the four Divine Nations, there were many people who Huo Yuner worshipped, but they were all her seniors.
Amongst her peers, aside from the little monster, no one else was strong enough to enter her eyes. Even the Divine Kingdom's Crown Prince's strength was far inferior to hers.
But this time, Luo Tianxing had appeared out of nowhere.
This martial artist called "Luo Tianxing" caused a trace of curiosity to arise in Huo Yuner's heart. Therefore, after Luo Tianxing defeated Yun Longtao, she made a request to her father to spar with him.
Although the imperial family wouldn't easily accept a challenge, Huo Yuner was finally interested in sparring with someone. Since the Tianfeng War Emperor doted on her, how could he not agree?
After being defeated by Luo Zheng, her mind was filled with complicated thoughts. She even had the urge to know more about Luo Zheng.
Who was his master? How did he grow to his current level? Did he really come from the Northern Heaven Region? How could such a genius appear in such a small place? All sorts of questions kept popping up in her mind.
Of course, as a Divine Kingdom's Princess, no matter how hard it was to suppress her thoughts, her expression was very reserved. Therefore, she only opened her eyes wide and quietly looked at Luo Zheng.
Just as Luo Zheng was about to swing the little monster to the side of the barrier, Luo Zheng suddenly felt a sharp pain in his hand. Luo Zheng instantly let go, and the two long arms of the little monster quickly retracted and returned to their original state.
The little monster finally began to circulate its True Origin and floated in the air.
Luo Zheng slowly floated up and looked at the little monster indifferently. He said coldly, "I thought you really wouldn't use your True Origin!"
The little monster frankly admitted, "I underestimated you!"
After being hammered by Luo Zheng for so long, even though it had an almost immortal body, its expression was somewhat dispirited.
However, even Luo Zheng couldn't help but sigh at the little monster's ability to resist attacks. It was indeed very valiant!
In the history of Luo Zheng, the little monster had the strongest physical body among warriors of the same level as him. It was second only to him!
Indeed, there were all kinds of strange things in the world. Just like what Qinglong said, his magic treasure body was probably unique in the universe. However, there were many variables in the universe, and Luo Zheng was just one of them. Perhaps the little monster was another one.
The little monster used to be arrogant and unreasonable. Not to mention Luo Zheng, even when facing Battle Emperor Yu the Great, he couldn't be serious. After all, he grew up in a forest full of ferocious beasts. What dominated him was his bestial nature!
However, after being trained by the Nine Cauldrons Martial House, the little monster slowly had his own goal. His goal was to kill all the Divine Sea Realm warriors in the Divine Kingdom Continent! He wanted to make the entire Divine Kingdom Continent his world!
This goal sounded like a fool's dream, but in the little monster's heart, it was not impossible!
Why did Battle Emperor Yu the Great want to train him? The purpose was to let him grow and then use his talent to make a breakthrough. However, after the little monster was captured by the Nine Cauldrons Martial House and secretly studied, he had already planted the seed of hatred in all the warriors. He would slowly settle the score with the little monster.
However, before he reached that step, the little monster had been enduring. Why hadn't he broken through to the False Tribulation Realm? It was because he had been suppressing his cultivation all this time!
He knew that once he broke through to the Life and Death Realm, he might really be able to influence those Divine Sea Realm warriors and help them break through to the Divine Sea Realm. This wasn't something the little monster wanted to see. Therefore, he chose to suppress his cultivation, hoping to reach a higher level when he broke through to the False Tribulation Realm!
Only in this way could he fight against Divine Sea Realm warriors after breaking through to the False Tribulation Realm!
Within the same realm, the little monster didn't see anyone as a worthy opponent. His requirement for himself was to surpass an entire realm. He was currently at late stage False Tribulation realm, but he could contend against fifth layer Life and Death realm warriors, and even sixth layer Life and Death realm!
Once he broke through to the Life and Death Realm, he could quickly reach the third or even the fourth stage of the Life and Death Realm. In a very short time, he could fight against those Divine Sea Realm warriors. Even if he wasn't a match for Battle Emperor Yu the Great and the other Monarchs, he could ensure that he could safely escape from the Divine Kingdom Continent. In the future, when his cultivation had reached a certain level, he would return and settle the score with them!
However, today, the little monster unexpectedly found another "monster". Luo Tianxing's cultivation was lower than his, only at the middle stage of the False Tribulation Realm. However, this guy's strength didn't seem to be any weaker than his!
At this time, the little monster began to become very serious. He finally began to circulate the True Yuan in his body. As the True Yuan flowed slowly, specks of light began to brew in his hands!
They were specks of golden light. When the light shone, it gave people a feeling of showing off their abilities.
Luo Zheng's eyebrows twitched slightly. His face revealed a dignified expression. That golden True Yuan gave him a very strange feeling.
This feeling was very strange, so strange that it was indescribable. That golden True Yuan seemed to contain strange rules, which were incomparably complex …
"No wonder you couldn't kill him." Xun also noticed the little monster's strange phenomenon. Previously, Xun couldn't determine the little monster's origin, but after seeing the golden True Yuan, she was soon sure. "This guy is not a monster. To be exact, he's not a complete human. He's the Child of the Plane!"

Chapter 803
"Child of the Dimension?" Upon hearing Xun's words, Luo Zheng was stunned. What was that?
"The Great Thousand World you're in can be regarded as a separate dimension, and the dimension itself has its own will. Just like how the stars have their own will, the Great Thousand World also has its own will," Xun explained to Luo Zheng.
The will of the Great Thousand World was not a single will. In fact, it was a projection of the will of all the living beings in the Great Thousand World. It was an aggregate.
In this Greater Thousand World, humans made up the majority of the population. Therefore, the Children of the Dimension that were born were highly similar to humans. Of course, there were some differences. For example, the little monster had a forked tongue, sharp teeth like a wolf, and pitch-black pupils.
Not all Great Thousand Worlds would give birth to Children of the Dimension. It was only when a Great Thousand World was irreparably damaged that a Child of the Dimension would be condensed to repair the Great Thousand World.
"If I'm not wrong, this little monster should be condensed by the Great Thousand World to repair the Ascension Passage. He's the spokesperson of the Great Thousand World!" Xun judged.
The Ascension Passage of this Great Thousand World was destroyed by the True Dragon Clan, so many Divine Sea Realm cultivators were unable to ascend. That was why the Great Thousand World condensed a Child of the Dimension. Xun's analysis was not without reason.
"But the character of this Child of the Dimension is a little too strange. It seems that the process of his birth is a little complicated," Xun said, shaking her head.
When the Great Thousand World needed to repair itself, a Child of the Dimension would descend. The Child of the Dimension also had to go through the mystery of the womb. After being born, he would grow up like a normal warrior. When he reached adulthood, he would discover his mission and use the power of the dimension to repair the dimension.
However, the little monster's background was indeed too complicated. Because of his appearance, he was abandoned in the Seven Waters Forest since he was young.
Because he was a Child of the Dimension, the Ferocious Beasts did not reject him. They regarded him as one of their own and raised him.
After that, the Nine Cauldron Martial House's martial artists entered the Seven Children's Forest to train. In other words, they slaughtered Vicious Beasts, which naturally angered the little monster. In the end, the little monster stood on the opposite side of the humans, and that was how it grew into a child of the plane with such a personality.
Next, Xun smiled and said, "But your chance has come. The Child of the Plane is the embodiment of the Plane's Will. He is the condensed body of the Plane. If he uses his True Yuan, he will emit a natural talent that will allow you to comprehend more. This effect is even better than the Rising Dragon Platform and the Tower of Sin's Light of Creation!"
The Rising Dragon Platform and the Tower of Sin's Light of Creation were targeted at all races, but the natural talent of the Child of the Dimension was the amalgamation of all the rules of this dimension. Luo Zheng was born in this dimension, so the effect was naturally much better.
"I see!" Luo Zheng's eyes flashed.
"Try to fight with him as much as possible. The longer you fight, the greater the benefits you will gain …" Xun continued to advise.
Luo Zheng and Xun were quietly communicating. The little monster saw this and noticed the changes in Luo Zheng's expression. Then, it grinned and said, "Hehehe, since you worked so hard to force me to use my True Yuan, I naturally have to repay you!"
After that, the Quintessential Essence in the little monster's hand suddenly exploded. The Quintessential Essence that was transmitted from the Quintessential Essence was extremely obscure. Then, the Quintessential Essence transformed into a long spear that suddenly cut through the air and shot towards Luo Zheng with a sharp whistle!
This golden long spear was extraordinarily powerful. How could Luo Zheng take it head-on? He suddenly twisted his body and dodged the long spear.
However, the long spear's power did not stop there. It continued to pierce through Luo Zheng's back. Behind him was the barrier formed by the Divine Sea Realm expert. Previously, even the phoenix's Nirvana Flame could not destroy this barrier. However, this golden spear pierced through it!
The Divine Sea Realm expert who formed the barrier changed his expression slightly. With a wave of his hand, the big hole in the barrier was instantly repaired.
The Divine Sea Realm experts were aware of this scene. This was also one of the many mysteries of the little monster. His True Yuan contained a strange law, which seemed to be able to restrain all the forces in the world.
The True Yuan long spear released by the little monster was not powerful enough to pierce through the barrier. Instead, it directly dissolved the True Yuan in the barrier.
They did not know that the little monster was the Child of the Plane. Even the little monster himself did not know that he had integrated all the natural talents in the Great Thousand World. Of course, this included all the natural talents of human beings.
Therefore, in this Great Thousand World, the little monster had an absolute home advantage.
With the cultivation of the late stage of the False Tribulation Realm, the little monster could defeat most of the Life and Death Realm experts. Only the Divine Sea Realm experts could suppress him!
This was because the Divine Sea Realm experts had their own Realm, which was the law created by themselves. If the law of the Realm was strong enough, it could weaken the influence of the will of the Great Thousand World.
However, at this stage, the Divine Sea Realm experts could still control the little monster. However, if this guy was allowed to grow and break through the Life and Death Realm, it would be hard to say.
Seeing the effect of his attack, the little monster was very satisfied. The will of the Great Thousand World had not awakened. Therefore, he was now just a monster with a twisted personality. Killing warriors was one of his hobbies. An opponent like Luo Zheng was becoming more and more difficult to find!
"Hahahaha …"
The little monster burst into wild laughter. The golden True Yuan gushed out like a tide, turning into golden long spears that pierced toward Luo Zheng.
While Luo Zheng dodged these golden long spears, he also felt the golden light escaping. In an instant, Luo Zheng also absorbed a lot of it!
"Just as I thought." Luo Zheng's heart moved slightly. His dantian began to spin rapidly as if it was on fire.
The natural talent emitted from these golden long spears was much more effective than the Light of Creation!
Luo Zheng had stayed in the middle stage of the False Tribulation Realm for some time. Originally, Luo Zheng could have cultivated to the peak of the War Revered Realm in the Sin Tower. However, because he was worried about Luo Yan, he chose to return to the Central Domain. Then, in the Cloud Hall, Luo Zheng broke through to the middle stage of the False Tribulation Realm, and his cultivation stopped at this realm.
However, he had already felt that he was about to break through. With the help of these natural talents, the opportunity to step into the late stage of the False Tribulation Realm appeared.
"Hehe! It feels good, doesn't it? " The little monster stared at Luo Zheng with a ferocious smile. "Do you feel that your mind is clear? Even your cultivation has become more profound?"
Luo Zheng did not speak. He continued to shuttle through space to avoid the golden long spears. At the same time, he absorbed the natural talent emitted from the golden True Yuan.
The little monster naturally knew that the things it released had the ability to increase one's cultivation. However, because the will of the Great Thousand World had not awakened, it did not know that this thing was actually called natural talent.
Seeing this scene, Battle Emperor Yu the Great's face darkened. This was not the result he wanted. Battle Emperor Yu the Great and Bai Yuerong's goal was to let the little monster kill Luo Zheng. However, the little monster inexplicably used his True Yuan and benefited from Luo Zheng!
"This guy is absorbing the little monster's natural talent!" These Divine Sea Realm powerhouses did not know that this kind of power was called natural talent. Therefore, they gave it a name, natural talent.
The little monster's natural talent was not unlimited. After releasing too much of it, it would revert to a greenish gray color. It would also lose the effect of enhancing the opponent's talent. In order to maintain this effect, the Nine Cauldrons Martial House would secretly kill some geniuses every once in a while and let the little monster devour them. Only in this way could his True Yuan regain its golden color.
In other words, the little monster's ability was to devour the talents of other warriors. Then, it would disperse those talents and let other warriors absorb them.
In the beginning, the little monster did not intend to use the power of True Yuan. However, it could only be defeated by Luo Zheng with its physical body. Now that Luo Zheng had discovered the little monster's secret, he simply surrounded the little monster and started to absorb the natural talent of the little monster. This was outrageous!

Chapter 804
The little monster didn't seem to mind that Luo Zheng was absorbing his natural talent. From his point of view, Luo Zheng wasn't necessarily more abominable than the Divine Sea Realm warriors on the stairs!
But since he had promised Bai Yuerong this time, there was no reason for him to let Luo Zheng leave here alive.
Hundreds of golden spears pierced out in a row, instantly riddling the entire barrier with holes. The Divine Sea Realm warrior could only repair this huge barrier time and time again.
The little monster's attacks were indeed fierce. It seemed that he was suppressing Luo Zheng inside the barrier. But that was just a way for the little monster to vent his anger. It didn't cause too much trouble for Luo Zheng.
However, after the little monster vented his anger to a certain extent, a creepy smile suddenly appeared on the corner of his mouth. "It's about time. Now it's time to send you to hell!"
Then his figure suddenly flashed. Taking advantage of the moment when Luo Zheng was crossing the space, he intercepted Luo Zheng first. The distance between him and Luo Zheng was less than two feet.
Luo Zheng's eyes suddenly froze. He punched at the little monster abruptly. But at this moment, the little monster stretched out his hand and blocked it gently!
With such a gentle block, Luo Zheng's power was eliminated into nothingness!
This time, it was Luo Zheng's turn to be astonished!
How was this possible?
Luo Zheng was afraid of being entangled by this little monster. After all, this guy was a big trouble for Luo Zheng. Therefore, he directly activated the power of 800 dragon scales. Although this wasn't Luo Zheng's limit, it was already 70% to 80% of his power!
Even a Divine Sea Realm warrior couldn't dissolve his attack so easily. But this little monster did it.
It was as if Luo Zheng's power was mixed with thousands of tons of force. It was like a punch thrown by a child, which didn't cause any harm to the little monster …
But after one breath, on a mountain beside the West Dragon River, a loud noise suddenly burst out.
"Boom!"
That mountain range was at least ten thousand feet high, and it was not a small mountain beside the West Dragon River. This mountain and a mountain on the other side of the West Dragon River were called the Hidden Dragon Gorge, and it was also a relatively famous gorge in the Divine Kingdom Continent.
Now, the mountain suddenly erupted with such a vigorous force. Then, the entire mountain range began to crack and collapse from the middle. Rolling boulders fell into the West Dragon River. The river water, which was originally rolling non-stop, was now surging with monstrous waves!
A Mountain collapsed with a loud bang.
"What's going on? There is no one's's on the West Dragon River. "
"I don't know. I was watching the battle between Luo Tianxing and the little monster. Luo Tianxing is also born with divine strength. His strength is so strong that it makes people's hair stand on end. However, the little monster easily took it.
...... "...
People were talking about it. They were getting more and more confused about the situation.
Luo Zheng looked dignified. He quickly withdrew his fist. Gritting his teeth, he accumulated a shocking force in his right fist again. This time, Luo Zheng activated all the power of the dragon scales. The Vital Spirit in his body burst out together with the power of the dragon scales.
All the power poured into Luo Zheng's fist. If this punch could hit a Divine Sea Realm warrior, he would be killed instantly!
But the little monster still didn't dodge. He reached out his hand toward Luo Zheng again.
"Bang!"
When Luo Zheng's fist hit the little monster's palm, the little monster still didn't move. At the same time, another loud noise burst out from another mountain on the West Dragon River.
"Boom …"
The second mountain collapsed …
The little monster grinned at Luo Zheng and said, "Interesting, isn't it?"
"The power has been transferred." Luo Zheng frowned.
The little monster chuckled and moved closer to Luo Zheng. He was not afraid of Luo Zheng at all. Instead, his face was full of arrogance. "Actually, it's quite boring to see you guys who think you're so talented and think you're so special every day …"
After saying that, the little monster turned his back to Luo Zheng. This time, he was facing many Divine Sea Realm warriors. "You call yourselves Divine Sea Realm geniuses, but it takes thousands of years to reach the Divine Sea Realm. You guys are geniuses? You're just a pile of sh * t. Hahahaha! "
"Just now, this guy called Luo Tianxing, no, Luo Zheng, performed so well! A piece of sh * t like him can suppress the geniuses of the four Divine Kingdoms. I can imagine that you guys are the sh * t of sh * t! Hahaha! "The little monster continued to laugh wildly.
By saying that, he had offended all the geniuses of the four Divine Kingdoms.
However, the little monster didn't care. He didn't belong to the four Divine Kingdoms, nor did he belong to the Nine Tripod Martial Mansion. As for those Divine Sea Realm warriors, he must kill them in the future!
Battle Emperor Yu the Great and the other Monarchs frowned as well. This little monster was eccentric and strange. If it wasn't for the fact that they were helpless against Luo Zheng, they wouldn't have sent him to deal with Luo Zheng …
However, none of the Divine Sea Realm warriors came out to reprimand the little monster. They were counting on the little monster's divine power. In the end, they couldn't do anything to him. They could only let him do whatever he wanted.
"What's going on?" Luo Zheng asked in his mind.
After thinking for a while, Xun said, "This should be the ability of the Son of the Dimension. My cultivation hasn't reached the Realm of Realm Lord, so I can't rule a big world. The Realm Lords of the big worlds in the Upper World also have a similar ability!"
When a Realm Lord took control of a big world, he could use the big world to help him bear the damage. For example, when two Realm Lords fought each other, they usually didn't suffer much damage. However, the stars in the big worlds they ruled would explode one by one.
Therefore, the battle between Realm Lords was often earth-shattering. It could easily destroy thousands of stars!
The little monster wasn't a Realm Lord, but he was the Son of the Dimension after all. He was the incarnation of the Will of the Vast Thousand World. It was normal for him to have this ability.
"In other words, this guy is really immortal?" Luo Zheng said with a frown.
"Not really. If you reach the Divine Sea Realm and your Realm is strong enough, you can cover him in your Realm and cut off his connection with the Vast Thousand World. He won't be able to do anything …" Xun said lightly.
Luo Zheng couldn't help but roll his eyes. The Divine Sea Realm was still quite far away for Luo Zheng. The problem was, what should he do now?
After venting his anger, the little monster found that the god-level geniuses of the four Divine Kingdoms were all silent. No one jumped out to refute him. He suddenly felt bored.
What he hoped to see the most was to infuriate these idiots and then trample on him. He wanted to give these fellows a double blow mentally and physically. However, no one responded. It was indeed a little boring.
At this time, the little monster turned his head. Those dark eyes were full of madness. "I forgot that the battle between you and me hasn't ended yet …"
As soon as the little monster finished speaking, Luo Zheng suddenly distanced himself from him.
"Are you afraid? It's too late. "The little monster smiled strangely." Your talent is indeed much higher than those pigs. I think your taste should be better! "
After saying that, the little monster suddenly pounced on Luo Zheng, revealing a set of sharp teeth at the same time.
"Whoosh!"
At this time, even Luo Zheng felt a strong sense of crisis.
If this guy could really transfer 100% of his power, Luo Zheng wouldn't be able to do anything to him.
With Luo Zheng's current power, he could indeed make mountains collapse and rivers stop flowing. However, how vast was the Vast Thousand World? His power poured onto the little monster, but it would be transferred to the Vast Thousand World. Luo Zheng couldn't destroy the entire Vast Thousand World. Not to mention he couldn't do it, even those powerful figures in the Divine Sea Realm couldn't do it!
Maybe the person who took away Luo Yan in the Void Spirit Sect could do it.
Therefore, at this moment, Luo Zheng didn't fight back again. Almost like a conditioned reflex, he instantly distanced himself from the little monster.
However, the entire Bounded Domain was only so big. How could Luo Zheng avoid the little monster's attack?
At this time, Zhou Huang suddenly said, "Luo Zheng, the Black Iron Divine Kingdom admits defeat!"
＝＝＝＝＝

Chapter 805
On the path of martial arts, Luo Zheng had never admitted defeat. Even though Luo Zheng was in a dire situation, he had never thought of admitting defeat.
However, the Monarch of the Black Iron Divine Kingdom, Zhou Huang, could not hold it in any longer.
Zhou Huang's character was similar to King Yan's. Compared to Crown Prince Zhou Ning, King Yan and Zhou Huang were more affectionate.
This battle did not involve any life-or-death benefits. Winning or losing was just a matter of reputation. It was not as if the Black Iron Divine Kingdom would have to abdicate if Luo Zheng lost. If that was the case, Luo Zheng would not have to represent the Black Iron Divine Kingdom!
A loss was a loss; it was no big deal. Not to mention that Luo Zheng had come out and defeated Yun Longtao and Huo Yuner. He had already won back the face that the Black Iron Divine Kingdom had lost.
Other than this little monster, who else in the four Divine Kingdoms dared to challenge Luo Zheng? The Crown Princes? These Crown Princes might be slightly stronger than Yun Longtao, but they were no match for Huo Yuner. They would never challenge Luo Zheng!
As for the little monster, it had always been a mystery. Even after so many Spirit Sea Realm warriors had studied it for so many years, they still couldn't solve the mystery of its origin. Judging from its bestial nature, it was not a human being at all!
Zhou Huang's guess was probably right. The little monster was indeed not a human. He was just an incarnation of the will of the Vast Thousand World, the Son of the Plane. He was equivalent to a representative created by the Vast Thousand World.
Therefore, Zhou Huang was certain that Luo Zheng had no better way to deal with the little monster. If this continued, the little monster would really eat Luo Zheng's head. This was not something Zhou Huang wanted to see.
After hearing his father's words, King Yan heaved a sigh of relief. Luo Zheng's performance had exceeded his expectations. He had achieved his goal. Naturally, he was now worried that Luo Zheng would be killed by the little monster. Since his father had stopped him, Luo Zheng should be safe.
However, Battle Emperor Yu the Great and Bai Yuerong did not look good. Bai Yuerong said coldly to Zhou Huang, "Monarch Zhou Huang, I'm afraid this is not good."
Zhou Huang smiled faintly. He still maintained a respectful attitude towards the Saintess of the Esoteric Sect, so he asked back, "Before we opened the Heavenly Feather Sacred Sea, it was just a competition to liven things up. It's just that after so many years, it has slowly become a competition for the four Divine Kingdoms to evaluate the strength of the younger generation. Since it's a competition, it's normal to admit defeat.
Compared to Zhou Huang, Bai Yuerong was merely a fledgling. After hearing Zhou Huang's long speech, how could she have anything to say?
Battle Emperor Yu the Great laughed coldly. "Zhou Huang, since you said that Luo Zheng is from the Black Iron Divine Kingdom, he injured Yun Longtao from the Great Yu Divine Kingdom. Now that he is no match for the little monster from the Great Yu Divine Kingdom, isn't it a little too small a price to pay to leave?"
Zhou Huang naturally knew that Battle Emperor Yu the Great was not willing to give up. His words were just to pick on Luo Zheng. He smiled faintly and said, "When warriors fight, it is inevitable that they will lose. This is a normal thing. Liu Zan, I'm sure you know this, right?"
Battle Emperor Yu the Great laughed and suddenly said loudly, "The warriors from the Great Yu Divine Kingdom and the Black Iron Divine Kingdom are in the midst of a fierce battle. If we admit defeat now, it will be a pity. I believe that Luo Tianxing will also feel regretful. In order to not have any regrets, the two of you can decide the winner with one move!"
Zhou Huang's face darkened when he heard Battle Emperor Yu the Great's words. Liu Zan was too much. Zhou Huang had already announced that the Black Iron Divine Kingdom had lost and that he had admitted defeat on behalf of Luo Tianxing. However, Liu Zan said it in front of everyone and wanted the two of them to exchange one move!
Although it was only one move, it would bring about many variables, especially the little monster. It could not be measured or reasoned with with common sense!
"This …" Zhou Huang was about to speak.
Battle Emperor Yu the Great continued, "Since there are no objections from either side, let's begin!"
The little monster leaned against the edge of the barrier and grinned at Luo Zheng. "Did you hear that? One move! I still have one chance. Tsk tsk, but one move is enough to kill you! "
Luo Zheng's eyes were clear, but his mind was spinning rapidly. Of course, he had heard the conversation outside the barrier. Although Zhou Huang had directly admitted defeat on behalf of him, Luo Zheng was not willing to admit defeat.
The ability of this Child of the Dimension was indeed too powerful. However, Luo Zheng might have a way to defeat it. He just hadn't thought of it yet.
Now, because of Battle Emperor Yu the Great's intervention, the two of them had to exchange one last move. How could Luo Zheng defeat the little monster with one move? This was also a test for Luo Zheng!
In fact, most people were guessing that Luo Zheng would definitely rack his brains to think of a way to avoid the little monster. However, they never expected that Luo Zheng would not even think of escaping. Instead, he chose to face the little monster head-on. He even wanted to defeat the little monster with one move …
The two of them were in a deadlock for a moment. After a moment, the little monster suddenly said, "Are you ready? Luo Zheng! I have never shown this move to outsiders before. However, I will let you see it this time. I will let you have something to talk about on your way to the underworld! Hahahaha! "
Amidst the wild laughter, the little monster suddenly emitted an astonishing aura.
This aura did not seem to belong to a human. At this moment, the little monster seemed to have turned into a towering mountain, a vast ocean, a boundless plain, and a mysterious and strange swamp …
Everything seemed to have come from the aura of the entire world!
"This is … He is using the will of the entire Great Wide World. No, he is the embodiment of the will of the Great Wide World. In other words, he is using his will to suppress me!" Luo Zheng was shocked.
Suddenly, the little monster's originally wretched and ugly temperament underwent an astonishing change. At this moment, he alone represented the Great Wide World. This was also a sign that the will of the Great Wide World was gradually awakening. The more it awakened, the more control the little monster would have over the Great Wide World!
At this moment, everyone's expressions changed.
The aura emitted by the little monster was too strong. At this moment, everyone felt incomparably small. It was as if they were facing famous mountains and rivers. Under those majestic mountains, they were like ants.
The problem was that the little monster's aura was constantly changing. Sometimes it turned into a towering mountain, and sometimes it turned into an unfathomable ocean. These natural scenes were not objects that could be conquered by humans. Even the Divine Sea Realm experts felt that they were insignificant at this moment.
Although he had helped the little monster gain an opportunity to make a move, Battle Emperor Yu the Great's expression was ugly. This little monster had been suppressing his strength in front of him. Battle Emperor Yu the Great maintained his cultivation at the late stage of the False Tribulation Realm. He did not expect that his strength had increased to such a level. What on earth was this guy?
At this moment, Battle Emperor Yu the Great was not the only one who felt uncomfortable. The other Divine Sea Realm experts also felt uncomfortable. This little monster was too dangerous. Since the Nine Cauldrons Martial House proposed to cultivate the little monster to the Divine Sea Realm, many people opposed it. They were afraid that they would raise a tiger that would bring calamity. This guy was not human at all. If he grew up, it would be difficult to control him.
Now, seeing the sudden burst of energy from the little monster, many Divine Sea Realm warriors were even more worried. It was true that these Divine Sea Realm warriors could cultivate with the help of the little monster's talent, but what if they couldn't control the little monster?
"Boom!"
Luo Zheng felt a white light flash in his mind. Then, a colorful will escaped into his mind!
"Is he going to use the will of the Great Wide World to kill me?"
Luo Zheng was slightly shocked. He did have a soul that was close to the Blue Soul Realm in his body. However, even a Blue Soul Realm soul could not resist the will of the Great Wide World!
Almost in an instant, the colorful willpower crashed into Luo Zheng's soul.
Under the silent impact, cracks suddenly appeared on Luo Zheng's originally incomparably sturdy soul.
"What a strong willpower!" Luo Zheng's soul also began to retreat.

Chapter 806
Luo Zheng didn't say anything. He knew that he had reached the most dangerous moment.
Retreat?
This was his mind. He couldn't cast his soul out of his body and abandon his body, could he?
Unable to retreat, Luo Zheng could only fight head-on.
There was another silent collision. This time, Luo Zheng used the Frightening Divine Spike. However, the spike formed by his soul instantly broke when it hit the colorful willpower.
The willpower of the Vast Thousand World was not something that his current soul could resist. Perhaps even a soul at the peak of the Blue Soul Realm could not suppress the willpower of the Vast Thousand World …
At this time, Luo Zheng felt a sense of despair.
"Hahaha, despair, tremble! You are still too weak … "The little monster's voice echoed in Luo Zheng's mind.
At the same time, a roar suddenly came from the depths of Luo Zheng's mind.
"Roar!"
The violent roar came from Qinglong!
"Qinglong …" Luo Zheng frowned slightly.
At the same time, the other awakened crimson dragon roared at the same time. They couldn't break away from the mysterious furnace, but the souls of the two true dragons roared at the same time and launched a powerful attack against the colorful will!
Seeing this, Luo Zheng was silent. There was a faint feeling of pain in his heart.
Qinglong and the red dragon's souls hadn't recovered much. They had only swallowed an evil spirit of the Moonkin Beast. If they were at their peak, their souls might be qualified to resist the willpower of the Vast Thousand World. However, in their current state, they were no match for the willpower of the Vast Thousand World!
"Roar, roar …"
Two soul attacks swept towards the colorful willpower, and two more silent collisions occurred.
Then, above the mysterious furnace, the colors on Qinglong and the red dragon's bodies dimmed a lot. The willpower of the Vast Thousand World only flickered for a moment, and then burst out with an even more brilliant brilliance. Then, the little monster's voice came again: "Interesting, interesting! Hahaha, there is a furnace in your body. What's with these broken dragons? Aren't these dragons super mythical beasts? They are so weak. Alas … "
Before its voice died away, the willpower of the Vast Thousand World once again collided with Luo Zheng.
Under this collision, Luo Zheng was forced to retreat. He felt his soul constantly trembling. There were more and more cracks on its surface, as if it would collapse at any time. For Luo Zheng, this was the real edge of life and death!
He was afraid that he wouldn't be able to survive the next collision. Luo Zheng's face revealed a look of despair.
"Beg for mercy! Haha! Even if you beg for mercy, I won't let you go. However, you should put on a posture that suits your current situation. Isn't that right, Luo Zheng?" The little monster grinned.
Of course, Luo Zheng would not beg for mercy. He knew that begging for mercy was useless, so how could he compromise with the little monster? .....................................................
....... It's this expression that makes me very unhappy! " Seeing Luo Zheng's stubborn and calm face, the little monster said coldly. It had decided to directly attack.
The next moment, the willpower of the Vast Thousand World emitted a gorgeous luster and collided with Luo Zheng....
... Luo Zheng slowly closed his eyes. His soul would probably scatter after one breath.
But at this moment, another soul collided. The fierceness of this soul was no less than that of the willpower of the Vast Thousand World. It forcibly knocked the willpower of the Vast Thousand World away.
Luo Zheng opened his eyes, revealing a look of grief. "Xun …"
Xun's soul had been baptized by the Holy Tree in the Heavenly Feather Holy Land. But after all, it was only a strand of her soul. Even though it had grown a lot under such nourishment, it was still unable to resist the powerful willpower.
Xun's expression also dimmed. Cracks appeared on the surface of her soul. But she coldly said to Luo Zheng, "You can't die."
"But …" Luo Zheng originally wanted to say that he really had no way to resist the willpower of the Vast Thousand World.
Not to mention that he had no way to resist it, who in the entire Vast Thousand World could resist this willpower? Although the little monster was still unable to use all of the willpower of the Vast Thousand World, just using a part of it was enough to kill Luo Zheng.
Xun coldly said, "Qing Xuan, right? Are you still hiding that thing and unwilling to use it even if your soul is damaged? "
"Using this thing involves too many things. Last time, when I refined Luo Zheng's soul, they already noticed. If I use it again …" Qinglong replied worriedly.
However, Xun said to Qinglong in an extremely serious tone, "The most important thing is to survive! Trust me, Luo Zheng is the most suitable candidate! "
Qinglong and Xun, one from the True Dragon Clan, the other from the Demon Night Clan. The True Dragon Realm and the big worlds occupied by the Demon Night Clan were relatively far apart, so they were not familiar with each other. However, they were both well-known figures in the Upper Realm and had heard of each other.
Now, both of them placed their remnant souls on Luo Zheng and placed all their hopes on Luo Zheng.
After hearing Xun's words, Qinglong was silent for a moment. Then, he faintly replied, "You're right. Since we've already come this far, I should trust Luo Zheng …"
At this moment, the huge mysterious furnace in the depths of Luo Zheng's mind suddenly started spinning. At the same time, the furnace's surface began to slowly open!
At the same time, the raging black flames in the mysterious furnace appeared.
"What, what is this?!" The little monster suddenly discovered the furnace, and its voice finally revealed a hint of panic.
Just by looking at the black flames in the mysterious furnace, the little monster felt a sense of fear. It was as if the black flames could burn everything, including the heavens and the earth!
Although the little monster's personality was wild, it grew up in the Seven Waters Forest, and its habits were similar to that of a ferocious beast. It was extremely sensitive to the slightest sign of danger. The moment it discovered the mysterious furnace, it sensed that something was wrong. Although Luo Zheng's soul was close at hand, it only needed one more collision to destroy Luo Zheng's soul.
However, due to its instinctive fear and caution, the little monster chose to retreat at this critical moment!
The colorful willpower began to retreat rapidly, wanting to escape from Luo Zheng's mind!
"Oh, you want to escape? It's too late … "Qinglong sighed softly.
Immediately after, a wave of seven-colored rays of light emerged from the mysterious furnace. The rays of light swept gently and immediately drew the willpower of the Great Wide World into it. Then, the rays of light flashed slightly and directly drew the willpower into the mysterious furnace.
Xun's soul was very weak, but after seeing this scene, a smile appeared on her pale face. "After refining the willpower of the Great Thousand World, you can absorb it. If the absorption is successful, you will inherit the willpower of the Great Thousand World. In other words, you will become the Child of this Dimension …"
While Xun was speaking, Luo Zheng's soul, which was full of cracks, floated toward her. He opened his arms and hugged her in his arms.
The two broken souls hugged each other in his mind.
A stunned expression appeared on Xun's face when Luo Zheng hugged her. A bright light flashed within her fiery red eyes. Soon after, she pursed her lips slightly and shut her eyes.
The mysterious furnace was still rotating slowly. After all, it was the willpower of the Great Thousand World. Even if the furnace wanted to completely refine it, it would not be an easy task.
In the square, everyone stared blankly at the sky. Luo Zheng and the little monster's bodies were motionless. The two seemed to be engaged in a battle at the soul level.
"Luo Zheng has already shown the strength of his soul! His soul is not weaker than a Divine Sea Realm expert! The little monster is really confident. He actually used his soul to suppress Luo Zheng … "
"But didn't you see the aura that the little monster emitted just now? This guy is not human at all. I feel that at that moment, he represented the whole world. What kind of nonsense has this little monster cultivated?

Chapter 807
For a full 30 minutes, Luo Zheng and the little monster maintained their previous postures, motionless like statues.
Usually, a confrontation at the soul level would happen in an instant, and it would rarely last for so long. Everyone felt more and more puzzled.
The mysterious furnace continued to rotate. After a while, the surface of the mysterious furnace opened again, and the colorful willpower left the furnace and floated quietly in Luo Zheng's mind, emitting a pure five-colored light.
"The willpower of the Vast Thousand World seems to have become unusually pure," Luo Zheng said softly as he looked at the willpower emitting a gorgeous luster.
Previously, under the little monster's control, the willpower of the Vast Thousand World contained a trace of evil energy. It should be the little monster's nature that affected the willpower of the Vast Thousand World.
At this time, Qinglong said slowly, "That guy's soul has been refined, and now the willpower of the Vast Thousand World has become an ownerless object. Luo Zheng, you can swallow this willpower."
Of course, he was referring to the little monster. Refining the soul of the little monster was equivalent to purifying the willpower of the Vast Thousand World.
Xun let go of Luo Zheng's hand and smiled faintly. There was a trace of exhaustion in her eyes, and then she said to Luo Zheng, "Go."
Luo Zheng did not notice Xun's tired face. He nodded and slowly approached the pure willpower. When Luo Zheng approached a certain distance, the pure willpower suddenly moved away from Luo Zheng. It was escaping from Luo Zheng's attempt to swallow it!
Although the willpower of the Vast Thousand World had not awakened, it could sense Luo Zheng's actions and was unwilling to be swallowed by Luo Zheng.
However, no matter how it escaped, it was still wandering in Luo Zheng's mind. Without anyone controlling it, it could not escape from Luo Zheng's mind. How could it escape from Luo Zheng's pursuit?
Not long after that, Luo Zheng's soul finally caught up with the willpower. Right when he made contact with it, his soul trembled, and a huge amount of information flooded into Luo Zheng's mind!
At this moment, Luo Zheng was immersed in a huge illusion, and he saw a whole world!
"Is this the projection of the entire Vast Thousand World?"
There were countless mountains, countless rivers, boundless oceans, and trillions of living beings living there …
Numerous human faces appeared in front of Luo Zheng. The number of faces was extremely shocking. Some of them were ordinary mortals, some were Xiantian warriors, and some were Divine Core warriors, Void Tribulation warriors, and even Divine Sea warriors …
"Are these all the living beings in the entire Vast Thousand World?"
Those figures appeared in front of Luo Zheng and disappeared in an instant. At this moment, Luo Zheng actually browsed through all the humans in the entire Great Wide World!
"That's Xia Shuang, Xia Shuang from the Purple Heart Sacred Land!"
The images flashed too quickly, and Luo Zheng only managed to catch a glimpse of Xia Shuang's figure. After all, although Luo Zheng's range of activities was vast, the number of people he knew in the entire Vast Thousand World was too small. Perhaps, it was only one in a trillion …
After that, all sorts of ferocious beasts and demons appeared. All the races and ferocious beasts in the Vast Thousand World, whether they lived in the forests, secret realms, mountains, oceans, or forests, they were all innumerable. They were like pictures that kept unfolding in front of Luo Zheng's eyes, and then they disappeared in an instant.
When all the images disappeared, Luo Zheng could vaguely feel that a huge memory had appeared in his mind!
"This memory seems to contain information about all the living beings from the ancient times to the present. This is the memory of the Vast Thousand World itself!" Luo Zheng's heart skipped a beat. "I wonder if I can read this memory …"
With just a thought, a smile appeared on Luo Zheng's face. Reading this memory seemed to be as simple as instinct for him.
Soon, Luo Zheng found Ning Yudie …
At this time, Ning Yudie was still lying quietly in the Tianchen Hall. The images in the memory were very clear, as if Luo Zheng could reach out and touch them!
After setting off to the Divine Kingdom, Luo Zheng was most worried about Ning Yudie. Although he had replenished some Holy Spirit Energy through the Life Origin Stone, it was just a drop in the bucket. Now that he saw that Ning Yudie was safe and sound, Luo Zheng's face revealed a relieved smile.
The Will of the Vast Thousand World had such a wonderful use. Luo Zheng was very impressed. In this way, there were no secrets in the Vast Thousand World to Luo Zheng.
Then Luo Zheng withdrew from the memory. At this time, he was shocked to find that his soul had been completely repaired when he devoured the Will of the Vast Thousand World. The cracks on the surface of his soul had disappeared, and in addition to the dark green color of his soul, there was an additional colorful color in his soul!
"After refining the Will of the Vast Thousand World, I will become the Son of the Plane!" Thinking of this, Luo Zheng's eyes fell on Xun.
His soul had been repaired, but the surface of Xun's soul was still covered with dense cracks. At this time, Xun looked a little dispirited, and her fiery red pupils were constantly dimming.
In the confrontation with the Will of the Vast Thousand World, not only did Luo Zheng's soul suffer heavy damage, but Xun, Qinglong, and Chi Long's soul also suffered different degrees of damage.
Seeing Luo Zheng's eyes, Xun smiled faintly at Luo Zheng. "Don't worry, I'm fine. I just need to rest for a while."
Luo Zheng shook his head, and then said seriously, "I will help you restore your soul."
At this time, Qinglong said faintly, "By the time you restore her soul, I'm afraid it will have disappeared."
Qinglong's words immediately made Luo Zheng's heart tremble. He then asked nervously, "Qinglong, what do you mean?"
Qinglong then said, "Although her soul has been baptized by the life force of the Demon Night Clan, her soul itself is still too weak. There is only a trace of it left, and now her soul is on the verge of disintegration …"
Xun didn't say anything.
She was very clear about the state of her soul. Although her soul had been strengthened by the life force of the Demon Night Clan through a secret method, she was still a remnant soul and had almost no ability to self-repair.
Therefore, Xun only smiled faintly, but her smile was somewhat forced.
Of course, she didn't want to die. Or rather, she didn't want to truly disappear. She still had a great enmity with the Demon Night Clan, and it was still too early for her soul to be destroyed.
However, it wasn't up to her to decide whether her soul would disintegrate …
"Is there no way to restore Xun's soul?" Luo Zheng asked.
"There is," Qinglong replied.
"What is it?" Luo Zheng immediately asked.
If Xun's soul was destroyed because of him, it would become the most frustrating thing in Luo Zheng's life. As long as there was a trace of hope, he would do his best to fight for it!
"That thing is called Soul Nourishing Wood. It can let a soul rest in it and slowly nourish it," Qinglong said faintly.
Soul Nourishing Wood …
Luo Zheng's eyes narrowed, and he clenched his teeth. What was that thing? He hadn't even heard of it, so how was he supposed to find it?
"It's something from the Upper Realm, so it's normal that you haven't heard of it," Xun said faintly. She didn't have much hope in finding Soul Nourishing Wood in the Lower Realm, and a look of compromise appeared on her face.
The Upper Realm!
Luo Zheng's eyes flickered, and he said, "I can enter the True Dragon World to search for it!"
After the Martial Arts Conference in Tianqi City, the Rising Dragon Stage fell into the hands of the Void Spirit Sect. Although the Void Spirit Sect was destroyed, it was still occupied by the Tian Xie Sect. Later on, the Rising Dragon Stage was taken away by the World Business Alliance, and after a detour, it returned to Tianqi City.
Ascending to the Upper Realm wasn't a problem for Luo Zheng.
"I can't wait that long. Looking at this little girl from the Demon Night Clan, she can probably last for a day or two at most," Qinglong said faintly.
A day or two …
Even if Luo Zheng gave up on exploring the Heavenly Feather Sacred Ocean, Luo Zheng wouldn't be able to rush back to the Central Domain in a day or two.
Moreover, if Luo Zheng gave up on exploring the Heavenly Feather Sacred Ocean, he would have to wait for another year to obtain the Origin Stone of Life, and Ning Yudie wouldn't be able to last for much longer.
At this time, Luo Zheng couldn't help but clench his teeth, and he became even more anxious. What should he do?
His eyes flashed, and he finally noticed a large mass of memories. Could he find the Soul Nourishing Wood in this mass of memories?
＝＝＝＝＝

Chapter 808
Since Luo Zheng had fused with the will of the Great Thousand World, the vast amount of memories belonged to Luo Zheng himself. It was just that Luo Zheng was unable to completely digest these memories, so he could only enter them and look through them.
Of course, looking through the memories was something that could be done with a single thought.
With regards to the information about the Soul Nurturing Wood, Luo Zheng quickly came up with it!
"There really is! And it's in the Divine Kingdom Continent! "Luo Zheng's heart slightly jumped.
Soon, he found the origin of the Soul Cultivation Wood …
The Saintess of the Great Yu Divine Kingdom was actually a Saintess of the Esoteric Sect. It was because of the Esoteric Sect that they were able to open something called the "Reverse Spirit Channel". The resources of the Esoteric Sect from the Upper Realm were endlessly sent down through the Reverse Spirit Channel.
How rich were the resources of the Upper Realm? Some of the things that could only be considered trash in the Upper Realm were like treasures in the Lower Realm.
Looking through these memories, Luo Zheng also noticed that the treasures that were sent down through the Reverse Spirit Channel were mostly distributed to the Four Great Divine Kingdoms!
As for the Soul Cultivation Wood, there were three sections that were sent down through the Reverse Spirit Channel!
Two of them had been used. These two sections contained the souls of two almighty Divine Ocean Realm experts. Those two almighty Divine Ocean Realm experts had entered the Five Decay of Heaven and Man and were nearing the end of their lifespan.
Even they were unable to resist the Five Decay of Heaven and Man. In the end, they had no choice but to abandon their physical bodies and parasitize their souls in the Soul Cultivation Wood.
Now, there was only one section left, but it was in the hands of the Tianfeng Divine Kingdom, in the hands of the Tianfeng War Emperor!
The Soul Cultivation Wood's function was similar to Immortal Tian Miao's crystal ball. Back then, Immortal Tian Miao had also parasitized his soul in the crystal ball, which was why his soul was able to struggle at death's door. This Tianfeng War Emperor was an ancient powerhouse who had lived for over ten thousand years. Perhaps this section of Soul Cultivation Wood was prepared for him. If one day, he entered the Five Decay of Heaven and Man, he could parasitize his soul in it …
A section of Soul Cultivation Wood was enough to allow his soul to live for another thousand years.
After withdrawing from the memory, Luo Zheng's face was filled with determination. No matter what price he had to pay, he had to get this piece of Soul Cultivation Wood!
At this time, Luo Zheng looked over again. The exhaustion on Xun's face was even more intense, and the cracks on the surface of her soul seemed to be getting bigger and bigger. It seemed that she wouldn't be able to hold on for more than half a day.
"Luo Zheng, I … I'm a little sleepy." Smoky blinked her eyes. Her red pupils, which were originally sharp and threatening, were now in a dull state.
Luo Zheng floated over and gently stroked Smoky's face. He said softly, "Take a rest if you're tired. I'll help you ask for the Soul Cultivation Wood!"
At the same time, in the Sky Feather Holy Grounds of the Sea God Continent, a commotion suddenly broke out in the Holy Tree Hall.
"My king, my king … what's wrong?!"
"The king's statue seems to be getting dimmer and dimmer. It's almost on the verge of being extinguished!"
"Could something have happened to Luo Zheng? Go and call Liu Yu over!"
The extinguishing of a king's statue was definitely a huge earthquake for the Night Demon Clan!
In fact, this earthquake didn't just happen in the Sky Feather Holy Grounds. In the millions of worlds, there were millions of sacred grounds of the Night Demon Clan. The members of the Night Demon Clan all discovered this anomaly at the same time, and every single one of them was filled with worry!
In the Upper World, the various worlds controlled by the Night Demon Clan were also paying close attention to the changes in the king's statues.
The Fiend Night Clan controlled many great realms in the Upper Realm, and these great realms were built around three great realms. These three great realms represented the three kings of the Fiend Night Clan. They were the Dark Demon Realm, the Celestial Fox Realm, and the Blood Night Realm!
At this moment, on a star at the center of the Dark Demon Realm, a woman in a light blue feather robe coldly looked at the three king's statues. Her gaze was fixed on the King of Massacre's statue.
"Hahaha, this little bitch is still so stubborn. It seems that she's about to die! I originally planned to use the reverse spirit channel to send a few people down to kill that person in the Battle of the Worlds, but now I don't have to do it myself! "
This woman was the ruler of the Night Demon Clan, the ruler of punishment!
In the past, her king's statue had clashed with Luo Zheng, and in the end, Luo Zheng had smashed the statue. She was also Xun's greatest enemy.
When she noticed that Xun's statue was growing dimmer and dimmer, she knew that Xun's soul was probably about to collapse.
In fact, when she clashed with Xun last time, she knew that Xun was living in the body of a person in the Battle of the Worlds. She had panicked a little. No matter what, as long as Xun was still alive, the Night Demon Clan couldn't establish a new King of Massacre. This was a worry for her!
How could she not be happy when she saw that Xun's king's statue had dimmed to its limit?
…
…
Within the barrier, Luo Zheng finally opened his eyes. The moment he opened his eyes, he suddenly felt a strong sense of familiarity. It was as if the entire world had changed before his eyes!
Everything around him felt incomparably familiar. Every person, every face, as long as he willed it, he could know their names, their past, and even their secrets with just a thought.
Other than people, he could even trace the origin and origin of every tree, every leaf, and every grain of sand.
Of course, Luo Zheng wasn't that bored. He wasn't interested in investigating these things.
When he opened his eyes, the little monster was still standing there like a block of wood. Luo Zheng slowly walked over and gently pushed the little monster's forehead. The little monster fell to the ground with a loud bang.
The little monster's soul had been cleansed by the mysterious furnace. Now, the little monster was like a walking corpse. No matter how tenacious his vitality was, he wouldn't be able to live for long.
"Wow …"
Seeing this scene, the cultivators were in an uproar.
"Luo Tianxing won! Luo Tianxing really won!"
"That little monster is courting death. He actually used a soul attack on Luo Tianxing. Will he become an idiot?"
"Oh my god, if the little monster becomes an idiot, will the Nine Cauldrons Martial House let Luo Tianxing go?"
For the Immortal Realm geniuses below, the little monster's life wasn't important. Anyway, under normal circumstances, they wouldn't have the chance to practice with the little monster and absorb its innate ability.
What's more, the little monster's original appearance was loathsome. There were many people who loathed the little monster. Huo Yuner was one of them. When she saw Luo Zheng's victory, a gratified smile appeared on her face. She had never killed anything in her life, but to Huo Yuner, the little monster was like a nightmare. Even if the little monster died, she would not feel pity for it.
Many Immortal Realm geniuses felt good, but the Divine Sea Realm cultivators' faces were very ugly.
These Divine Sea Realm cultivators were still waiting for the little monster to enter the Life and Death Realm. After entering the Life and Death Realm, the little monster's innate ability would be effective for the Divine Sea Realm cultivators. It could help them break through to the Divine Sea Realm.
When a martial artist cultivated to their level, this was probably their only pursuit.
But now, the little monster's soul had been annihilated by Luo Zheng.
Even Zhou Huang's face was a bit ugly.
"Luo Zheng! How dare you annihilate the little monster's soul! You're courting death! " Battle Emperor Yu the Great was extremely angry. As the monarch of Divine Kingdom of Yu the Great, he had never been so angry with a junior.
Hearing Battle Emperor Yu the Great's furious expression, many Immortal Realm geniuses' faces changed. Zhou Huang and the other Divine Sea Realm cultivators' eyes flickered. It seemed that Battle Emperor Yu the Great was going to make a move.
Zhou Huang sighed deeply in his heart. He regretted it. Maybe he should have warned Luo Zheng that he shouldn't have annihilated the little monster's soul. What was the difference between this and killing the little monster?
However, Zhou Huang and the other Divine Sea Realm cultivators were also puzzled. How did Luo Zheng annihilate the little monster's soul?
They had studied the little monster for all these years, but they couldn't solve the mystery of the little monster. However, they knew that the little monster was basically immortal.
Not only was its body immortal, but its soul was also very special. It was constantly emitting a strange light. Even the Battle Soul of a Divine Sea Realm cultivator couldn't compete with the little monster's soul!

Chapter 809
At this moment, Zhou Huang refused to speak. However, Prince Yan couldn't hold it in any longer. He helped Luo Zheng and said, "Monarch of Dayu Country, it's unavoidable for martial artists to make mistakes in fighting dolls. Why do you say that Luo Tianxing is courting death?"
The fact that King Yan was willing to stand out and speak to Battle God Yu the Great at this moment was already praiseworthy.
"Shut up! Who do you think you are? If you dare to speak again, I will turn you into ashes immediately! "Battle Emperor Yu Country was furious as he shouted at King Yan.
Although King Yan was highly regarded by Zhou Huang, he was just a prince in the Black Iron Divine Nation. He wasn't even the Crown Prince. Even his father, Zhou Huang, didn't say anything. How could King Yan speak?
However, Zhou Huang couldn't take it anymore. After all, King Yan was Zhou Huang's son. Zhou Huang said coldly, "Liu Zan, what do you mean?"
"What do I mean? Hmph! " Battle Emperor Yu Country didn't have time to waste on Zhou Huang. He only wanted to vent his anger on Luo Zheng.
However, at this moment, Luo Zheng laughed maniacally and said, "Haha, Battle Emperor Yu Country, you are the King of the Divine Nation and the Emperor of the warriors! Don't you know the rules? Just now, the little monster wanted to destroy my soul. If I didn't retaliate, would I have allowed him to destroy my soul? "
"If I didn't retaliate, I would have been the one to have my soul destroyed. That would have been courting death! In the end, you would have said that you deserved it! "
"On the other hand, you, the King of the Divine Nation, are so magnanimous. You have lost the battle and made a fool of yourself!"
Luo Zheng's words were powerful and resonating!
Battle Emperor Yu Country was so angry that he almost vomited blood when he saw that Luo Zheng wasn't suppressed by his aura at all. Instead, he was reprimanding him so arrogantly!
He was the King of the Divine Nation. Since when did a False Tribulation Realm junior have the right to reprimand him? Moreover, this fellow had just killed his men! Battle God Da Yu suddenly felt as if the world had changed …
Upon hearing Luo Zheng's words, the Divine Grade Geniuses nodded their heads silently. On one hand, they were impressed by Luo Zheng's courage. In the face of the enraged Fighting Emperor Da Yu, he was still able to think clearly and he even dared to reprimand Fighting Emperor Da Yu. On the other hand, they were worried for Luo Zheng. Fighting Emperor Da Yu was a Divine Sea Realm Master. Moreover, he was conferred the title of Fighting Emperor. His strength was far more powerful than the average Divine Sea Realm Masters.
Luo Zheng had offended Battle Emperor Yu the Great. Now that Battle Emperor Yu the Great had attacked him, Luo Zheng would not be able to escape death.
"Good, good, good … I've lived for eight thousand years. An old man of eight thousand years has to be taught by a twenty year old kid. Luo Zheng, you're really good!" War Emperor Yu the Great was so angry that he laughed. Then, he took a step forward, passed through the Bounded Domain, and came before Luo Zheng.
Their eyes met.
Battle Emperor Yu the Great's Soul Suppression was like hundreds of mountains pressing down on Luo Zheng.
Before this, Luo Zheng was not afraid of Battle Emperor Yu the Great's Soul Suppression. Now that Luo Zheng's soul had merged with the will of the Great Thousand World, Battle Emperor Yu the Great's Soul Suppression did not have any effect on Luo Zheng.
Luo Zheng did not move and was not affected. However, the Divine Grade Geniuses below felt uncomfortable.
In his rage, Battle Emperor Yu the Great did not care about his surroundings. His Soul Suppression gushed out as if it was free. He was venting his anger!
As a result, the faces of the Divine Grade Geniuses turned pale. Many warriors with weaker Soul Suppression fell to the ground, rolled their eyes, and fainted …
"Yes, you're right. There are always times when warriors lose in a fight. However, I, Liu Zan, am not willing to suffer losses! You, Luo Zheng, killed my son and the little monster. I will settle this score with you! "Battle Emperor Yu the Great said coldly.
Luo Zheng looked calm. He did not refute his identity. Whether he admitted it or not, Battle Emperor Yu the Great would not recognize him as Luo Tianxing. Therefore, Luo Zheng asked directly, "How do you want to settle this score?"
Battle Emperor Yu the Great exhaled deeply. The little monster was a big bargaining chip for Battle Emperor Yu the Great. It was also because of this bargaining chip that the Great Yu Divine Kingdom gained a lot of advantages in the competition among the four Divine Kingdoms.
Firstly, the little monster could spar with the princes and princes, allowing them to cultivate faster. Secondly, as the little monster grew to the Life and Death Realm, it would be able to help the Divine Sea Realm sooner or later. Everyone was eagerly waiting for the little monster to grow.
It was because of this that the Monarchs of the other three Divine Kingdoms gave in to Battle Emperor Yu the Great in many things. Even the allocation of resources in the Reverse Spirit Channel was far more than the other three Divine Kingdoms! Now that the little monster had turned into an idiot, he had suffered a great loss!
"How do you want to settle this score? Of course, you will pay with your life! Don't say that I, Liu Zan, did not give you a chance. If you can take one punch from me, I will let you go, Luo Zheng! "Battle Emperor Yu the Great said with a hideous smile.
"Ah!"
Huo Yuner, who was on the stairs, suddenly covered her mouth.
Let Luo Zheng take a punch from a Divine Sea Realm warrior? Wasn't this the same as asking Luo Zheng to die? As Huo Yuner thought this in her heart, a trace of reluctance appeared in her charming eyes.
The King of Yan closed his eyes in pain and clenched his teeth tightly.
If it was a Life and Death Realm warrior, Luo Zheng might be able to resist. With Luo Zheng's strong body, he might be able to take one punch from a Life and Death Realm warrior. However, a Divine Sea Realm warrior like Battle Emperor Yu the Great …
Luo Zheng's life was over!
Hearing Battle Emperor Yu the Great's words, Luo Zheng's heart skipped a beat. The strength of a Divine Sea Realm warrior was unfathomable, but Luo Zheng had just merged with the will of the Great Thousand World.
Previously, the little monster could easily block Luo Zheng's attack. When Luo Zheng unleashed all his strength, he could transfer the strength to the surrounding mountains and rivers!
After Luo Zheng merged with the will of the Great Thousand World, he had a sense of familiarity with everything around him. It was as if he had established a special connection with this world. If he could use the surrounding mountains and rivers to block Battle Emperor Yu the Great's punch, this could be a solution.
After thinking for a while, Luo Zheng said lightly, "I agree."
Agree?
Hearing Luo Zheng's straightforward answer, even Battle Emperor Yu the Great was a little surprised. How could Luo Zheng agree so easily?
Originally, Battle Emperor Yu the Great thought that Luo Zheng was going to argue with him on the basis of reason. However, Battle Emperor Yu the Great didn't care about this at all. They were all warriors. Since they were all warriors, they should know the rules of warriors. How could a False Tribulation Realm warrior try to reason with a Divine Sea Realm warrior, Battle Emperor Yu the Great? What a joke!
As the saying went, "Reason, reason. Dao comes first, reason comes second. Dao is the Dao of warriors!" In other words, strength and fists were in front!
However, Luo Zheng didn't want to reason at all. He agreed just like that. Battle Emperor Yu the Great laughed and said, "Do you really think you can block my attack?"
Luo Zheng shook his head lightly and said, "I don't know."
"Hahahaha." Battle Emperor Yu the Great laughed wildly for a while. He was guessing Luo Zheng's thoughts. This guy might really think that he could block his punch. How naive! Battle Emperor Yu the Great said lazily, "Since you are so straightforward, I can really give you a chance. I will only use 80% of my strength for this punch. What do you think?"
"80% of your strength …" A Divine Sea Realm warrior shook his head silently. How could this be a chance?
Only the Spirit Sea Realm warriors knew how horrifying a Spirit Sea Realm warrior was. After the Spirit Sea was opened up in the body, it would form a world of its own. The Genuine Essence that was gathered would be as vast as the sea. When the Genuine Essence was condensed and punched out, the power would be unimaginable.
Not to mention 80% of his strength, even 30% of his strength would kill Luo Zheng. Those Divine Sea Realm warriors all thought so.
Luo Zheng's eyes were calm. Then, he nodded slightly. He was not confident, but there was no better choice at the moment. However, the will of the Great Thousand World and his own Divine Artifact body gave Luo Zheng some confidence. That was why he agreed without hesitation.
Battle Emperor Yu the Great sneered and began to accumulate his Vital Essence. However, at this moment, a voice came from the stairs. "Wait!"

Chapter 810
Battle Emperor Yu the Great didn't have much patience. Hearing Huo Yuner's words, Battle Emperor Yu the Great's face darkened. He said coldly, "Old Huo! Take care of your daughter! "
The Tianfeng War Monarch was puzzled. What was Huo Yuner trying to do?
Huo Yuner blinked her charming eyes and her figure floated towards the barrier. Standing outside the barrier, she suddenly stretched out her jade-like hand and gently stroked her arm. The jade bracelet vibrated twice, and with a soft ring, it slid down her arm.
When it slid down her arm, she gently hooked her finger and the jade bracelet fell into her hand.
"I'll lend you the Heavenly Jade Bracelet!" Huo Yuner said softly.
Hearing Huo Yuner's words, everyone had a strange expression on their faces. Even Luo Zheng was surprised.
Her bracelet was a Semi-Divine Tool. How could she lend it to someone so casually?
Seeing that Luo Zheng didn't say anything, Huo Yuner continued, "The Heavenly Jade Bracelet is a Semi-Divine Tool. It can greatly increase your strength!"
Luo Zheng looked at Huo Yuner's serious expression and finally revealed a faint smile. He said, "Thank you for your kindness. However, I don't need it for now."
"But, why don't you need it?" Huo Yuner didn't understand Luo Zheng's words.
Battle Emperor Yu the Great didn't want to waste any more time. He said to Huo Yuner, "Little girl from the Huo Family, I advise you to stand further away. I'm afraid this barrier won't be able to withstand the power of my fist. It won't be good if you get hurt!"
Hearing this, the Tianfeng War Monarch's expression changed. His body flashed and he grabbed Huo Yuner and pulled her away from the edge of the barrier.
These words also reminded the Immortal level geniuses down there. How horrifying would it be if the power of a Divine Sea Realm warrior poured out? If they were hit by the shockwaves, they would die!
Therefore, in an instant, the Divine Realm geniuses retreated from the plaza. They only stopped when they were a few thousand feet away from the barrier.
However, the Life and Death Realm experts and Divine Sea Realm experts on the platform didn't move. With their strength, Battle Emperor Yu the Great's fist wasn't aimed at them. The shockwaves were not enough to hurt them.
"Kid, you only have yourself to blame. You can only blame yourself for provoking the Divine Kingdom of Yu the Great! Go to hell! " Battle Emperor Yu the Great said coldly. A purple light flashed on his fist as he punched Luo Zheng!
In his heart, Battle Emperor Yu the Great had sentenced Luo Zheng to death.
... Battle Emperor Yu the Great. Great Yu the Great Divine Sea Realm. 80% of the Divine Sea Realm's of the Divine Sea Realm expert was no joke..
This was the first time that Luo Zheng faced the attack of a Divine Sea Realm warrior!
The punch seemed to have sucked away all the air around it. Even Luo Zheng's breathing seemed to have been blocked.
Sss ….
Power … transfer of power …
As the thought flashed through Luo Zheng's mind, he established a connection with the entire West Dragon River.
As soon as Luo Zheng established the connection, Battle Emperor Yu the Great's fist was already aimed at Luo Zheng.
"Bang!"
The moment Battle Emperor Yu the Great's fist was launched, a muffled sound was heard.
"Alas, although this guy's body is very strong, I'm afraid he will be turned into ashes by this punch."
"I'm afraid he won't even be ashes. How powerful is the Monarch of the Divine Kingdom of Yu the Great?"
"What a pity for such a monstrous figure …."
However, after the muffled sound, the scene that everyone imagined did not happen.
"Am I seeing things?" A martial artist rubbed his eyes. They had retreated so far away that even a Virtual Tribulation Realm martial artist would feel a little blurry at this distance.
However, Luo Zheng didn't retreat a single step, nor did he turn into ashes. After one breath, the West Longjiang River began to roar.
When Luo Zheng's two punches landed on the little monster, two mountains on the West Longjiang River collapsed.
This time, Luo Zheng blocked 80% of the Divine Sea Realm warrior's power. However, Luo Zheng transferred all the power to the West Longjiang River.
The entire West Longjiang River began to roar violently. Then, a series of loud noises came from the mountain range on one side of the West Longjiang River. Then, billowing smoke rose up. It was like a huge curtain of smoke that covered the entire West Longjiang River.
The mountain range was formed by many mountains. At this moment, more than 20 mountains on one side of the West Longjiang River had collapsed.
Seeing this, even Luo Zheng was secretly shocked. The strength of a Divine Sea Realm warrior was not to be underestimated. Although it was only 80% of the Divine Sea Realm warrior's power, it was still able to destroy more than 20 mountains with one punch even though it was infused with True Essence.
It was too powerful.
Powerful as it was, Luo Zheng was safe and sound.
Luo Zheng had transferred most of the power to the mountain range on the other side of the mountain range. As for the remaining power, Luo Zheng's body of a Saint Artifact was enough to bear it.
"Whoosh, whoosh, whoosh …"
The roaring wind swept up billowing smoke and dust, covering everyone in it.
After a long while, the smoke and dust rolled up by the collapsed mountains slowly dispersed. Luo Zheng and Battle King Yu the Great were still inside the barrier.
A Divine Sea Realm warrior opened his mouth wide. He stared blankly at Luo Zheng inside the barrier and stammered, "I, I didn't see it wrong, did I? Luo Tianxing … is safe and sound? "
"Yes, he is safe and sound. What happened just now? All the mountains on the West Longjiang River collapsed! Luo Zheng seems to have inherited the Little Monster's ability! "
"It's the Little Monster's ability. When Luo Zheng fought with the Little Monster, the Little Monster used this move to transfer all the power to the two mountains on the West Longjiang River. But now, Luo Zheng also has the same ability! What is going on? Did Luo Zheng get the Little Monster's ability? "
Many of the Deity level geniuses were puzzled.
Those Divine Sea Realm warriors looked at Luo Zheng inside the barrier and then at the collapsed mountains on the West Longjiang River. They were all stunned.
What was going on with Luo Zheng? How did he do it? Why did he know how to transfer the power?
If Luo Zheng got the Little Monster's ability, then they still had a chance …
Since Luo Zheng knew how to transfer the power, then he most likely inherited the Little Monster's strange ability. Maybe Luo Zheng also inherited the Little Monster's innate divine power …
Why couldn't Zhou Huang stop Battle King Yu the Great now? It was also because the Little Monster's innate divine power was the hope of these Divine Sea Realm warriors. With this hope, they might be able to break through to the Divine Sea Realm.
Luo Zheng turned the Little Monster into an idiot, which was tantamount to killing their hope. Zhou Huang was indeed unreasonable. He couldn't step out to help Luo Zheng.
If Luo Zheng really inherited the Little Monster's innate divine power, then they had hope again.
However, at this moment, Battle King Yu the Great's eyes lit up. He punched at Luo Zheng again. This time, he exerted 100% of his strength!
Battle King Yu the Great's mind was spinning fast. Previously, he had the Little Monster under his control. If Luo Zheng's innate divine power allowed many Divine Sea Realm warriors to break through to the Divine Sea Realm, how could he have a share?
What's more, new and old grudges were all counted together. He didn't want to find out the answer anymore! Whether he really took the Little Monster's innate divine power or not, he had to kill Luo Zheng today!
"Liu Zan! Stop! "Zhou Huang was the first to jump out.
"Liu Zan, let's check it out first. What if Luo Tianxing …" The Tianfeng War Emperor also stepped out.
Unfortunately, Battle King Yu the Great's attack was too fast. As soon as this thought flashed across his mind, he punched at Luo Zheng's face!
"Hmph, you can't do anything to me with 80% of your strength. Do you think you can defeat me with 100% of your strength? How shameless of you to go back on your words! "Luo Zheng's face darkened. All the dragon scales in his body were activated at the same time!
In terms of pure strength, Luo Zheng, who had activated the dragon scales, was not much weaker than Battle King Yu the Great.
Most importantly, when Battle Emperor Yu the Great's power landed on Luo Zheng's body, Luo Zheng directly transferred it to the West Dragon River. Luo Zheng's main body's power exploded. In addition, his vital essence and quintessential essence circulated at the same time. This terrifying power was forcefully absorbed by Battle Emperor Yu the Great's body.
Battle King Yu the Great never thought that Luo Zheng would fight back. He also didn't expect that Luo Zheng's strength would be so terrifying.
Therefore, when Luo Zheng's punch landed on his body, it was like a mountain had landed on his chest. Battle King Yu the Great was sent flying by Luo Zheng's punch. At the same time, he spat out a mouthful of blood!
＝＝＝＝＝

Chapter 811
The War Emperors and Battle Emperors had planned to stop Battle Emperor Yu the Great, but to their surprise, Luo Zheng's counterattack sent Battle Emperor Yu the Great flying and even made him spit out blood.
Before this, Luo Zheng had relied on his own strength to shatter Yun Longtao's space armor. Everyone knew that Luo Zheng's strength was far greater than an ordinary martial artist's, but they never imagined that he would be so tyrannical!
The scene fell into silence again. How big was the gap between a False Tribulation Realm warrior and a Divine Sea Realm warrior? It was almost unimaginable. A False Tribulation Realm warrior wanted to injure a Divine Sea Realm warrior?
These old monsters who had lived for tens of thousands of years had never heard of such a thing.
The higher one's cultivation level was, the more thorough one's understanding of laws and power would be. It would be more difficult to challenge someone of a higher level.
It was not difficult for a Xiantian Realm warrior to challenge a Divine Reflection Realm warrior. However, it was difficult for a False Tribulation Realm warrior to challenge a Life and Death Realm warrior, and it was impossible for a Life and Death Realm warrior to challenge a Divine Sea Realm warrior!
However, these Divine Sea Realm warriors knew that Battle Emperor Yu the Great must have been careless just now. It was impossible for him to use his Protective Vital Energy to deal with a Middle Stage False Tribulation Realm warrior. Moreover, Battle Emperor Yu the Great did not use the power of his realm.
If Battle Emperor Yu the Great had activated his realm and used his own laws to envelop Luo Zheng, Luo Zheng would not have been able to fight back.
However, a Divine Sea Realm warrior needed to activate his realm to deal with a False Tribulation Realm warrior … If this news spread, he would be a laughing stock.
Battle Emperor Yu the Great was sent flying by this punch. His eyes were full of killing intent. If his eyes could kill, Luo Zheng would have been killed thousands of times.
He wiped away the blood at the corner of his mouth with one hand. He had taken a punch from Luo Zheng in front of so many people, including the Highgod Realm geniuses, the Crown Prince, and the princes of the Great Yu Divine Nation. He had lost all his face.
"Luo Zheng, although you are only in the False Tribulation Realm, you are strong enough to be my opponent!" Battle Emperor Da Yu said coldly. The killing intent in his eyes gradually faded and was replaced by boundless fighting spirit.
At the Divine Sea Realm, the Heart of Martial Arts had been thoroughly baptized. Thus, the Heart of Martial Arts had reached a level where it could be controlled freely. Battle Emperor Da Yu knew how to control his emotions.
He didn't belittle Luo Zheng anymore. After all, no matter how much he looked down on this False Tribulation Realm opponent, it was a fact that Luo Zheng had injured him. Therefore, Battle Emperor Yu the Great acknowledged Luo Zheng's strength and regarded him as an important opponent!
"Fighting with a mighty warrior of the Divine Sea Realm is your precious experience. Let me show you my field!" Battle Emperor Yu the Great smiled faintly. Then, with Battle Emperor Yu the Great as the center, tiny white threads started to float in all directions. The thin threads intertwined with each other and formed small cocoons.
"Cloud Silk Domain!"
Spirit Sea Realm warriors could make their own rules to a certain extent, but they couldn't resist all the rules of nature!
After reaching the Divine Sea Realm, one's strength would develop in two directions. One direction was to make one's own rules. The strongest control of one's field would be the more terrifying the power of the field would be. The other direction was to follow the rules and control the rules of nature at a higher level.
Therefore, to control one's own rules was called "defying the natural order". To control the rules of nature at a higher level was called "following the natural order".
In the Upper World, there were warriors who went against the natural order. They gave up on cultivating all the precepts of heaven and earth and focused on setting up their own territory. They created their own new precepts and repelled the other precepts of heaven and earth at the same time. However, it was extremely difficult for a warrior to completely repel the precepts of heaven and earth.
Warriors who chose to follow the natural order would give up on their "field" and focus on controlling the seventh, eighth, and even ninth level of the Origin Source Rules. However, when the power of law was cultivated to a higher level, it would become more and more mysterious and difficult to understand.
Regardless of whether it was going against the natural order or following the natural order, it was a path to becoming a strong warrior. However, most warriors cultivated both at the same time.
Since Battle Emperor Yu the Great had brought out his field, he had already developed a killing intent towards Luo Zheng! No matter how Luo Zheng did it, as long as Luo Zheng was enveloped by his field, there was no way he could survive!
Luo Zheng's face darkened. Although he had fused with the will of the world, it didn't mean that he was invincible. A Spirit Sea Realm warrior's field was enough to cut off his connection with the boundless universe. Was he doomed?
At this moment, Zhou Huang had already appeared in front of Luo Zheng. He faintly said to Battle Emperor Yu the Great, "Liu Zan, why kill a junior?"
Because Luo Zheng had inherited the little monster's talent, the Tianfeng War Emperor and the Sky Fortune Kingdom King also stood up. However, unlike Zhou Huang, they didn't stand in front of Luo Zheng. Instead, they spoke up for Zhou Huang.
"Liu Zan, this Luo Tianxing didn't do anything wrong. Why do you want to kill him?"
"Previously, you said that after the little monster broke through, its talent could help us break through. Now, although the little monster's soul was destroyed by Luo Tianxing and turned into an idiot, Luo Tianxing has inherited the little monster's talent. Doesn't that mean that our hopes are on Luo Tianxing?"
Over the years, because of the little monster, the Yu the Great Divine Kingdom had obtained many benefits. These Divine Sea Realm warriors were eagerly waiting for the little monster to break through to the False Tribulation Realm. The little monster was dead, but Luo Zheng had inexplicably stolen the little monster's talent.
For Battle Emperor Yu the Great, this was an unacceptable result. For the other Divine Sea Realm warriors, as long as it could help them break through to the Divine Sea Realm, it was the same. Perhaps Luo Tianxing was more reliable than the little monster?
The Tianfeng War Emperor and the Sky Fortune Kingdom King's words represented the thoughts of the other Divine Sea Realm warriors. Many of them nodded slightly.
Battle Emperor Yu the Great's face was gloomy. Seeing Zhou Huang standing in front of him, he coldly said, "Those who stand in my way, die!"
Seeing that Battle Emperor Yu the Great didn't back down and was instead so stubborn, Zhou Huang was finally angry. Zhou Huang had always played the role of a nice guy in front of the Divine Sea Realm warriors. His personality wasn't unyielding and he wasn't impatient.
For the past day, Zhou Huang had repeatedly tolerated Battle Emperor Yu the Great. But now, he was standing in front of Luo Zheng and was determined to protect Luo Zheng. Yet, Battle Emperor Yu the Great still dared to speak like this!
"Die? Liu Zan, why don't we have a fight? Let's see who dies first. " Zhou Huang's eyes flashed with a sharp light. His body exuded an old but firm aura.
In terms of cultivation, Zhou Huang was almost the same as Liu Zan. They were both at the peak of the Divine Sea Realm. Because they were restricted by the lower realms, they couldn't cross that threshold in their lives. But in terms of strength, Zhou Huang had lived for more than 10,000 years. He was more than 5,000 years older than Liu Zan!
As long as Zhou Huang didn't enter Heaven's Decay Stage Five, Liu Zan wouldn't be a match for him!
"No way, are the Divine Sea Realm warriors going to fight?"
"Since I was born, I have never seen a battle between Divine Sea Realm warriors. Won't they be able to destroy the heavens and earth when they erupt?"
"Idiot, if the Black Iron Divine Kingdom and the Great Yu Divine Kingdom really fight, it will be a war between the Divine Kingdoms. Everyone will have a hard time. Maybe one day you will become cannon fodder!"
Many warriors in the False Tribulation Realm saw this scene and pondered silently. If the two Divine Sea Realm warriors really fought, should they run far away?
Because of Zhou Huang's words, Battle Emperor Yu the Great, Liu Zan, lost half of his arrogance …
Zhou Huang was indeed easy to talk to. Normally, he wouldn't use his strength to suppress others. But in terms of strength, he was probably the strongest among the four Divine Sea Realm warriors present. Even compared to those retired Divine Sea Realm warriors, Zhou Huang's strength wasn't inferior at all!
After realizing this fact, Liu Zan wouldn't really fight.
Zhou Huang glanced at Liu Zan indifferently and said, "Then, the warrior of the Black Iron Divine Kingdom wins this battle!"
Liu Zan took a deep look at Luo Zheng. Naturally, he was extremely displeased. Thus, he let out a cold snort and walked up the stairs.

Chapter 812
Seeing the Tianfeng War Emperor's kind smile, Luo Zheng was stunned. What was the meaning of this smile? Why was the War Emperor so polite to him?
However, he didn't think too much about it. Zhou Huang had protected him time and time again, so Luo Zheng was naturally grateful. He bowed to Zhou Huang and said, "Thank you, Your Majesty."
Zhou Huang shook his head lightly and said, "I should thank you on behalf of the Black Iron Divine Nation."
After all, Luo Zheng was representing the King of Yan and the Black Iron Divine Nation.
The battle between him and the little monster was over. No one else would step forward.
Luo Zheng could even resolve the full-force attack of a Divine Sea Realm cultivator. Which genius in the False Tribulation Realm would dare to try? If they stepped forward now, they would only be asking for humiliation.
Moreover, this battle was just a review. It didn't involve the interests of any party.
At this time, the King of Yan suddenly smiled and said, "Father, since Luo Zheng won, what are you going to reward him with?"
"Haha, reward? Easy, easy." Zhou Huang looked at Luo Zheng and asked, "Don't you need the Origin Stones of Life? My Black Iron Divine Nation still has some. These … "
Hearing Zhou Huang's words, Luo Zheng refused. "Your Majesty, I don't need the Origin Stones of Life."
Although he didn't know how many Origin Stones of Life there were in the Black Iron Divine Nation, he knew that the Origin Stones of Life were usually used up quickly. Not many would be stored. A dozen or so Origin Stones of Life might not be enough to save Ning Yudie's life.
The Origin Stones of Life would be left for Luo Zheng to excavate in the Sky Feather Sacred Sea.
What Luo Zheng was most worried about now was Xun! Now that she had fallen into a deep sleep, her soul was like a candle in the wind. It could be extinguished at any time!
What he needed most now was a piece of Soul Cultivation Wood!
"Oh?" Zhou Huang's face revealed a look of surprise. He already knew that Luo Zheng seemed to be in urgent need of the Origin Stone of Life, but now he had rejected it. Why? "Since you don't want the Origin Stones of Life, what do you want?"
Luo Zheng cupped his hands and said, "Your Majesty, I want a piece of Soul Cultivation Wood!"
"Soul Nurturing Wood?" Zhou Huang raised his eyebrows slightly, and the strange look on his face became even more intense. The Soul Cultivation Wood was only a container to store souls. Under normal circumstances, it did not have much use. He did not know what Luo Zheng was doing with the Soul Cultivation Wood.
Most importantly, Zhou Huang did not have the Soul Nurturing Wood.
Zhou Huang sighed softly and said, "But there is no Soul Cultivation Wood in my Black Iron Divine Kingdom."
There was indeed a piece of Soul Cultivation Wood in the Black Iron Divine Nation. However, that piece of Soul Cultivation Wood had been used up and contained the soul of a Spirit Sea Realm warrior. Where could Zhou Huang find another piece of Soul Cultivation Wood for Luo Zheng?
Luo Zheng had expected Zhou Huang's answer.
Luo Zheng had never asked anyone for a reward. However, this Soul Cultivation Wood was related to the survival of Xun's soul. Luo Zheng could only say, "I know that there is no Soul Cultivation Wood in the Black Iron Divine Nation, but …"
Luo Zheng's gaze fell on the Tianfeng War Emperor and Huo Yuner. Then, Luo Zheng said to Zhou Huang, "As far as I know, there should be another piece of Soul Cultivation Wood in the Tianfeng Divine Nation."
Hearing this, the Tianfeng War Emperor was shocked!
There was indeed a piece of Soul Cultivation Wood in the Tianfeng Divine Nation. However, it was given out through the Secret Sect's heaven-defying passage. Ordinary people would not know about it. Perhaps even Zhou Huang did not know about it. The piece of Soul Cultivation Wood in the Tianfeng Divine Nation was not used. It was kept in the hands of the Tianfeng War Emperor.
Now, the question was, how did Luo Zheng know about it?
It was impossible for the Tianfeng War Emperor to understand the meaning of the Will of the World. Otherwise, the Divine Nation would not have been unable to discover the little monster's identity for so long.
Luo Zheng, who possessed the Will of the World, was in a state of "omniscience" in this world. He could understand the entire boundless universe in an instant. Therefore, there were no secrets in this boundless universe to Luo Zheng!
Zhou Huang was even more curious. Even he did not know about it, so how did Luo Zheng know about it?
Therefore, Zhou Huang looked at the Tianfeng War Emperor with a questioning gaze. "Old Huo, do you really have a piece of Soul Cultivation Wood?"
The Tianfeng War Emperor nodded. He reached out his hand and gently rubbed his spatial ring. Immediately, a brown withered branch appeared in his hand. The withered branch did not have a special appearance. At first glance, it looked like an ordinary branch.
Just by looking at the veins on the withered branch, one could feel the strangeness of this branch. This branch seemed to be able to pull one's soul into it.
"Old Huo …" Just as Zhou Huang was about to speak, the Tianfeng War Emperor understood that Zhou Huang wanted to ask for the Soul Cultivation Wood. Although the Soul Cultivation Wood could nourish one's soul, it was something that could only be done after one's physical body died. Therefore, although the Soul Cultivation Wood was rare, it could not be considered a precious item. "I can give this piece of Soul Cultivation Wood to Luo Tianxing. However, Luo Tianxing, you have to answer one of my questions."
Luo Zheng had already mentally prepared himself. No matter what the Tianfeng War Emperor said, Luo Zheng would pay any price to obtain this piece of Soul Cultivation Wood!
He did not expect that the so-called price would only be an answer to the Tianfeng War Emperor's question.
However, there were many types of questions. Luo Zheng had some secrets on him that were enough to make most warriors lose their minds. If he could not answer a question, Luo Zheng would be in even more trouble.
Then, Luo Zheng heard the Tianfeng War Emperor ask, "How did you know that I have a piece of Soul Cultivation Wood? Who told you that? "
Luo Zheng's eyelids twitched slightly. This was a question that Luo Zheng did not know how to answer.
"Tell me who told you. I won't pursue the matter. After all, this is not a big secret. I was just curious," the Tianfeng War Emperor said with a smile.
Looking at the piece of Soul Cultivation Wood, Luo Zheng felt conflicted. He could not possibly tell the Tianfeng War Emperor that he had inherited the will of this world, right?
Not only did Luo Zheng know that the Soul Cultivation Wood was in the hands of the Tianfeng War Emperor, but he also knew how the Tianfeng War Emperor grew, what cultivation techniques he cultivated, and what abilities he possessed! He could even know how many strands of hair the Tianfeng War Emperor had!
This was how terrifying the state of omniscience was!
Luo Zheng hesitated for a moment. At this moment, he was searching for the origin of the Soul Cultivation Wood in his mind. He wanted to know how many people knew about the existence of the Soul Cultivation Wood and see if he could make up a reason.
The results of his search disappointed Luo Zheng. After the Soul Cultivation Wood was passed down from the reverse spirit channel, it was personally handed to the Tianfeng War Emperor by Bai Yuerong. Only two or three people knew about the existence of the Soul Cultivation Wood. Bai Yuerong and Huo Yuner also knew about it.
Luo Zheng could not possibly lie and say that it was Bai Yuerong who told him. He was afraid that his lie would be exposed.
What about Huo Yuner?
Luo Zheng's heart skipped a beat and he looked over. He did not expect Huo Yuner to also be looking at him. This girl was the daughter of the Tianfeng War Emperor. It would not be easy to fool her …
"What? You can't even answer this simple request? "the Tianfeng War Emperor asked with a smile.
Luo Zheng clenched his teeth and began to think about what he could use to exchange for the Soul Cultivation Wood. It was better than revealing his secret.
However, at this moment, Huo Yuner suddenly said, "Father, I was the one who told Luo Zheng."
"En?" Hearing Huo Yuner's words, the Tianfeng War Emperor was naturally puzzled. "You told Luo Zheng? When? "
"Just now, when Luo Zheng asked for the Soul Cultivation Wood from the Black Iron Divine Kingdom's Monarch, I told him with a true essence sound transmission." Huo Yuner smiled elegantly.
"Is that so …" the Tianfeng War Emperor stared at Luo Zheng and asked.
Huo Yuner had taken the initiative to cooperate with him. How could Luo Zheng deny it? He immediately nodded and said, "It was indeed your daughter who told me."
Although this excuse was far-fetched, it was still true …
The Tianfeng War Emperor did not believe Huo Yuner's words. His daughter did not know how to lie. He could tell from her expression that Huo Yuner was lying. However, he was only curious about Luo Zheng's secret. Since his daughter had said so, he would not make things difficult for Luo Zheng.
Thus, the Tianfeng War Emperor handed the Soul Cultivation Wood to Huo Yuner. Huo Yuner personally handed the Soul Cultivation Wood over to Luo Zheng.
"Thank you." The moment Luo Zheng grabbed the Soul Cultivation Wood, his heart trembled. No matter what, Shao Xun's soul had survived.
Huo Yuner blinked and gave Luo Zheng a faint smile. She then turned around and returned to the stairs.

Chapter 813
After getting the Soul Cultivation Wood, Luo Zheng quickly returned to the square. Even though he tried his best to keep calm, he couldn't hide the excitement on his face.
Many Divine Sea Realm warriors saw this and were sure that Luo Zheng was going to use the Soul Cultivation Wood to save someone's life. As for whose life he was going to save, they didn't know.
As for Battle Emperor Yu the Great and Saintess Bai Yuerong, they didn't look too good. They didn't expect that the little monster they sent out would fail to kill Luo Zheng. Instead, it gave him great benefits. How could they tolerate this?
Qinglong said that Xun's soul could last for one or two days, but that was just a rough estimate. It could be one or two days, or it could be two or four hours. It could also be that it would collapse immediately!
Luo Zheng hurriedly asked Qinglong, "How should I use the Soul Cultivation Wood?"
But at this moment, the sharp voice came again, "The competition is over. Now, we will start the sacrifice! Open the Sky Feather Holy Sea! "
The moment the voice came out, all the Divine Sea geniuses looked toward the platform. The previous competition was just a review. The most important thing was to explore the Sky Feather Holy Sea!
Luo Zheng wasn't in the mood to pay attention to the sacrifice. He had to put Xun in the Soul Cultivation Wood first.
If Xun's soul wasn't in a deep sleep, she could enter the Soul Cultivation Wood by herself. Qinglong told Luo Zheng that he had to move her soul into the Soul Cultivation Wood …
Luo Zheng looked around and found a quiet corner in this spacious square. He sat down with his legs crossed, closed his eyes, and immersed himself in his own mind.
In his mind, Xun's soul was still lying there quietly. Many cracks appeared on the surface of her body.
Luo Zheng flew over, hugged her, and dragged her out of his mind …
At this moment, he didn't forget to look back at the mysterious furnace. The glow of Qinglong and the red dragon on the furnace had dimmed a lot.
In this battle with the little monster, Luo Zheng had also paid a considerable price. However, his gains were also relatively great. First of all, after merging with the Will of the World, Luo Zheng's soul had risen to a new level. More importantly, he could now connect himself with the entire world.
The attacks he received could be transferred to the Great Thousand World!
In addition, there was a huge amount of information for Luo Zheng to explore …
"Hiss hiss …"
According to the method taught by Qinglong, Luo Zheng placed a section of the Soul Cultivation Wood between his eyebrows!
The moment Luo Zheng 'transported' Smoky's soul out of her mind, her soul naturally drilled into the Soul Wood!
After a few breaths, the smoky soul completely disappeared. That piece of Soul Cultivation Wood emitted a faint red halo. When Luo Zheng touched this piece of Soul Cultivation Wood, it emitted a trace of warmth.
"What a magical Soul Cultivation Wood!" After saying this, Luo Zheng let out a long sigh of relief.
Although Smoky's soul was seriously injured, with the nourishment of the Soul Cultivation Wood, it shouldn't be a big problem. The Soul Cultivation Wood's name had the two words "Soul Cultivation", which meant that it could nourish the soul. After a period of time, it might be able to heal Smoky's injuries.
Even if Smoky couldn't heal completely, Luo Zheng had enough time to help her find a panacea to heal her soul injuries.
Smoky hadn't been with him for a very long time. However, since she woke up, she had helped him through several calamities.
Although she did have a favor to ask of him, she truly stood in his position and helped him consider everything. Luo Zheng vowed that he would never forget this friendship!
Just as Luo Zheng finished his business here, the sacrificial ceremony on the high platform had already begun!
"Whoosh!"
On the high platform, a huge circular pillar of light suddenly appeared. After that pillar of light appeared, it soared all the way to the sky!
"Is this the sacrificial ceremony? I wonder what the sacrificial ceremony is used for? "
Luo Zheng didn't know much about the Divine Kingdom's continent. However, when he thought of this, he suddenly patted his head. He had forgotten that he now had the ability to know everything!
A thought flashed through his mind. Luo Zheng already knew the answer in his heart.
The Heavenly Feather Sacred Sea was originally occupied by the Dragon Bloodline Clan. Before the Dragon Bloodline Clan died, they carried out a blood sacrifice of all the creatures in their clan!
At that time, the Dragon Bloodline Clan was at its peak. The Holy Land of the Dragon Bloodline Clan was at the late stage of the Eighth Grade Realm. It was even comparable to a Ninth Grade Force, which was far more powerful than the seven Divine Kingdoms!
Even before they were destroyed, the Dragon Bloodline Clan's population was frighteningly large.
The blood sacrifice was actually a kind of curse!
After a creature was killed, it would give birth to a curse. This was also the source of the Evil Spirit on the warrior's body.
However, the Dragon Bloodline Clan cleverly used this curse. After they sacrificed all the creatures in their clan, they cast this curse. Any creature that stepped into the Heavenly Feather Sacred Sea would be affected by this curse.
The specific manifestation of this curse was a layer of golden light on the surface of the sea!
What the four Divine Kingdoms had to do now was to temporarily disperse a portion of this golden light. Only then could the warriors enter the Heavenly Feather Sacred Sea smoothly.
As the pillar of light soared into the sky, all the Divine Sea Realm Almighties at the bottom of the stairs slowly ascended around the pillar of light at the same time. The four Divine Sea Realm Almighties occupied the highest position. Below them were dozens of Divine Sea Realm Almighties who released their True Essence.
The shrill voice rang out again. "Comrades, let's work together to disperse the curse of the Heavenly Feather Sacred Sea!"
This shrill voice rang out from time to time. However, its identity was extremely mysterious. From beginning to end, it never showed its face. Under its command, the huge pillar of light that soared into the sky began to tilt slowly, tilting towards the Heavenly Feather Sacred Sea.
"Huff, huff, huff …"
Wild winds surged and the weather changed.
The various god-grade geniuses were also watching this scene with serious expressions.
The moment the pillar of light tilted towards the Heavenly Feather Sacred Sea, it blended with the golden light of the Heavenly Feather Sacred Sea!
A miraculous scene occurred. The light contained within the pillar of light seemed to be the nemesis of the golden light on the surface of the Heavenly Feather Sacred Sea. The moment the pillar of light entered the sea, the golden light was constantly eroded by the pillar of light.
The originally calm Heavenly Feather Sacred Sea was like a frantically struggling giant beast. Huge waves rose from the golden sea, sweeping in all directions layer by layer!
At the same time, the golden light was constantly melting and shrinking at a visible speed …
Luo Zheng's eyes narrowed slightly. Although he already knew the process of this sacrifice through the memories in his mind, seeing this scene with his own eyes still shocked him greatly.
This method couldn't have been thought of by the four Divine Kingdoms. They must have received help from the Upper Realm's Human Race.
After an incense stick's worth of time, the Heavenly Feather Sacred Sea slowly calmed down. The pillar of light also began to dim.
The surface of the Heavenly Feather Sacred Sea was already suffused with a faint golden light. However, compared to before, this golden light's luster was much fainter.
After the pillar of light disappeared, a person stood within it. This person wore a greenish-grey Daoist robe. His eyebrows were snow-white, and his expression was dignified. It was Daoist White Eyebrows.
"Alright! The sacrifice is complete. Everyone can receive the dragon blood and enter the Heavenly Feather Sacred Sea! "
This Daoist White Eyebrows was the owner of that sharp voice!
When Luo Zheng sized up Daoist White Eyebrows, that person seemed to have noticed Luo Zheng as well. He casually glanced at Luo Zheng, then commanded the Divine Sea Realm experts of the four Divine Kingdoms to begin distributing the dragon blood!
"I can't see through this person's strength!" Luo Zheng's heart suddenly began to beat wildly.
Even Divine Sea Realm experts would find it difficult to conceal their cultivation in front of Luo Zheng. However, Luo Zheng couldn't see through Daoist White Eyebrows' cultivation at all.
There was only one possibility! This Daoist White Eyebrows' strength was definitely above the Divine Sea Realm!
"Aren't only Divine Sea Realm experts allowed in the Lower Realm?" Luo Zheng asked Qinglong in confusion.
In theory, even Divine Sea Realm experts couldn't tolerate the Vast Thousand Worlds. When a Life and Death Realm expert was born in the Vast Thousand Worlds, the Heavenly Dao would send down punishment, forming a Life and Death Tribulation, which was also a minor Heavenly Tribulation.
After entering the Divine Sea Realm, the Heavenly Dao would send down a major Heavenly Tribulation!
＝＝＝＝＝

Chapter 814
Although it was easy for warriors to die under the Heavenly Tribulation, more warriors managed to overcome their Heavenly Tribulations and cultivate step by step, making themselves stronger.
Since even the Heavenly Tribulation couldn't punish these warriors, the Great Wide World would find a way to kick them out!
Of course, this was the "ascension" that the Divine Sea Realm warriors spoke of.
Unfortunately, there was a problem with the ascension channel of this Great Wide World. Even if the Great Wide World's consciousness wanted to kick them out, it couldn't.
Qinglong replied calmly, "Yes, the resources in the Lower Realm can't give birth to warriors more powerful than the Divine Sea Realm …"
"I feel that he's far more powerful than the Divine Sea Realm warriors," Luo Zheng said seriously.
"It's simple. He's not from this plane. He's from the Human Clan of the Upper Realm," Qinglong explained.
"I see!" Luo Zheng was startled. After thinking for a while, a thought flashed through his mind. He searched the memories of the Great Wide World's consciousness for the White Brow Daoist's background …
"Eh, there's no information about this person!" After searching, Luo Zheng found that the White Brow Daoist didn't exist in the Great Wide World's consciousness.
"It's normal. The Great Wide World's consciousness you've merged with is indeed in a state of omniscience about this plane. However, the White Brow Daoist came down through the Reverse Spirit Channel. Because he's not from this plane, he paid a considerable price!" Qinglong explained.
Luo Zheng finally understood. However, Luo Zheng thought about it again and felt that something was wrong. "But I can search for the Soul Cultivation Wood, but I can't find any information about the White Brow Daoist."
"The Soul Cultivation Wood is an inanimate object. If you don't believe me, you can search for the Mysterious Underworld Cave, the Heavenly Mist Immortal Tomb, and the Immortal Mansion in the Eastern Realm. Outsiders can't search for them …"
Luo Zheng actually followed Qinglong's method to search. The facts proved that Qinglong's words were correct. He couldn't search for the Dark Nether Cave, the Tower of Sin, or the immortal mansion in his memories, but he could find the Firmament Immortal Tomb!
There was no need for Qing Long to explain. Luo Zheng had already guessed the reason. Although Daoist Tian Miao was also a martial artist from the Upper Realm, he was a native martial artist born in this Greater Thousand World. That was why he was able to find out about Immortal Tian Miao.
However, both the Immortal Mansion and the Tower of Sin were foreign objects, so Luo Zheng naturally couldn't find them.
As for the young man who took Luo Yan away, Luo Zheng also tried to find him, but he couldn't find him either …
Unable to find any information, Luo Zheng left him alone for the time being. Under the orders of Daoist White Brow, the four Divine Kingdoms began to distribute the dragon blood.
Luo Zheng saw several Life and Death powerhouses continuously distributing small bottles to many Divine Rank geniuses.
Although the curse of the Heavenly Feather Sacred Ocean was dispelled, False Tribulation Realm martial artists still couldn't enter. The remaining power of the Blood Sacrifice was enough to make it difficult for False Tribulation Realm martial artists to move even a single step. They would eventually be trapped in the Heavenly Feather Sacred Ocean and die. Therefore, before entering, every human martial artist had to take a drop of True Dragon's blood!
For ordinary martial artists, True Dragon's blood was a great tonic. After taking it, it could increase the strength of one's body and allow one's Blood Qi to contain a trace of the True Dragon's power. However, for martial artists of this level, this trace of power was negligible. The most important thing was to use the True Dragon's blood to resist the Blood Sacrifice of the Heavenly Feather Sacred Ocean.
A True Dragon was several thousand miles long, comparable to a continent. In the Upper Realm, it wasn't anything rare. Otherwise, when Luo Zheng first entered the True Dragon World, he wouldn't have been given a drop of True Dragon's blood.
However, it wasn't clear how the four Divine Kingdoms obtained this True Dragon's blood. Presumably, they obtained it through a reverse spirit channel.
Luo Zheng was also given a drop of True Dragon's blood.
True Dragon's blood was very rare for martial artists of the lower realms. However, when Luo Zheng grabbed the small bottle, a strange smile appeared on his face. The True Dragon's blood in his body was far more than the others. Not to mention, Luo Zheng also had True Dragon's blood essence!
Ordinary Dragon's blood wasn't precious, but True Dragon's blood essence was much more precious. This was because Dragon's blood could quickly rise again, but True Dragon's blood essence couldn't. Every drop used was a drop less. Even in the True Dragon World, wanting to obtain a drop of True Dragon's blood essence wasn't easy.
After some martial artists obtained a drop of True Dragon's blood, they couldn't wait to swallow it.
Although this True Dragon's blood wasn't of much use to Luo Zheng, he still absorbed it like the others.
In a short while, the martial artists in the square began to disperse. They knew that they were about to set off.
Just as King Yan had said, the martial artists exploring the Heavenly Feather Sacred Sea had to form their own team. Those martial artists gathered in twos and threes.
At this moment, a voice was heard. "Brother Tianxing! Can you join my team for this exploration of the secret realm? "
Luo Zheng turned around and discovered that the one who spoke was the Crown Prince of the Heavenly Wind Divine Kingdom called "Zhuo 'er." Now, Luo Zheng already knew that the Heavenly Wind Divine Kingdom was the world of the Lu Clan, and this Divine Kingdom's Crown Prince was called Lu Zhuo.
To be invited by the Divine Kingdom's Crown Prince, Luo Zheng's face was quite big.
But then again, the strength that Luo Zheng had displayed was shocking enough. Who wouldn't want Luo Zheng to join their team?
Although the four Divine Kingdoms had explored the Four Great Secret Realms for so many years and had a considerable understanding of them, there were still many unpredictable dangers in this secret realm. With an expert like Luo Zheng in the team, the chances of success would naturally be much higher.
In the face of Lu Zhuo's invitation, Luo Zheng smiled faintly and said, "Sorry, I've already accepted King Yan's invitation."
"King Yan? Zhou Zhihua? "Lu Zhuo frowned slightly.
As soon as his voice fell, Zhou Zhihua had already brought Yue Ying and the others over to Luo Zheng. King Yan patted Luo Zheng's shoulder and said to Lu Zhuo, "Yes, Luo Zheng has already joined my team. You're a step too late!"
Lu Zhuo's eyes flickered slightly and revealed a regretful expression. In fact, he already knew that it would be difficult for him to invite Luo Zheng. Although Luo Zheng wasn't a warrior from the Black Iron Divine Kingdom, he was representing the Black Iron Divine Kingdom this time. Lu Zhuo just wanted to try his luck.
"Too powerful, Luo Tianxing!" Yue Ying approached Luo Zheng and an excited smile appeared on her face.
Although they already knew that Luo Zheng's strength wasn't to be underestimated and had even sparred with Luo Zheng before, Yue Ying and the others thought that Luo Zheng had displayed at least 80% of his strength! In front of them, he hid at most 20% of his strength.
However, they had never expected that Luo Zheng would be so powerful. Not only did he defeat the most powerful geniuses of the four Divine Kingdoms, but he also wounded a Divine Sea Realm warrior. What's more, the Divine Sea Realm warrior was War Emperor Yu the Great, one of the best among the Divine Sea Realm warriors!
If they hadn't witnessed this scene with their own eyes, no one would dare to believe it.
Therefore, the way Yue Ying and the others looked at Luo Zheng had completely changed. Especially Yue Ying, there was only fanatical worship left in her eyes!
To be able to form a team with Luo Zheng was an extremely lucky thing for them. This trip to the Heavenly Feather Sacred Ocean would definitely be fruitful for them.
Luo Zheng nodded lightly. "Okay, when do we set off?"
"We can set off now," King Yan said with a smile. "According to the rules, if you win the challenge of the other three Divine Kingdoms, our Black Iron Divine Kingdom can be the first to enter the Heavenly Feather Sacred Ocean. However, it doesn't matter who we are."
While they were talking, the Divine Kingdom's Crown Prince Zhou Ning had already led several people to fly up high. They went upstream along the West Dragon River and entered the Heavenly Feather Sacred Ocean.
"In that case, let's set off too!" Luo Zheng nodded. After wandering around the Divine Kingdom, his most important goal was the Heavenly Feather Sacred Ocean. Now, he could finally step into it.
After speaking, Luo Zheng, King Yan, Yue Ying, and the others also flew up and headed straight for the Heavenly Feather Sacred Ocean.
The waves in the Heavenly Feather Sacred Ocean rushed to the shore wave after wave. The faint golden light still contained a considerable amount of the power of the blood sacrifice. The moment Luo Zheng entered the Heavenly Feather Sacred Ocean, he felt an omnipresent power enveloping him.
"Is this the power of the blood sacrifice?" Luo Zheng's eyes flashed.
Under the influence of the power of the blood sacrifice, Luo Zheng's flying speed slowed down significantly. Luo Zheng's speed slowed down, but King Yan and Yue Ying's speed slowed down even more.

Chapter 815
The scattered cultivators continued to head towards the Sky Feather Sacred Sea.
To them, the Sky Feather Sacred Sea was like a huge mine. After a sacrifice, they could suppress the power of the blood sacrifice to a lower level. However, it could only last for about five days.
After five days, the power of the blood sacrifice would gush out from the depths of the Sky Feather Sacred Sea and cover this sea area again. By then, even a Divine Sea Realm Almighty would find it difficult to move.
As the crowd slowed down, Luo Zheng also slowed down behind King Yan. At the same time, he also gradually lowered his altitude.
However, at this moment, several figures shot towards them from the shore. The person in the lead was surrounded by faint lightning.
King Yan looked back and said, "That is the Crown Prince of the Yu Dynasty, Liu Xiu."
Liu Xiu did not participate in the battle just now.
The royal family usually did not participate in this kind of battle. However, since Huo Yuner had jumped out, many Crown Princes and Princes of the Divine Kingdoms wanted to step out and fight Luo Zheng.
However, after Luo Zheng fought with the little monster, Battle Emperor of the Yu Dynasty personally stepped out and was punched by Luo Zheng until he vomited blood. The Crown Princes and Princes of the Divine Kingdoms all gave up on this idea.
To be able to injure a Divine Sea Realm Almighty, Luo Zheng's strength could no longer be described as extraordinary.
However, this did not mean that they would be convinced by Luo Zheng. The four Divine Kingdoms had been established for many years and had given birth to many amazing people. Luo Zheng's strength might be one step ahead of them. However, it did not mean that the latecomers did not have a chance.
Moreover, these Crown Princes and Princes of the Divine Kingdoms had Semi-Divine Artifacts and even Divine Artifacts in their hands. They might not take Luo Zheng seriously.
"Swish, swish, swish …"
Liu Xiu, the Crown Prince of the Yu Dynasty, led six people and rushed forward at an extremely fast speed. Although Luo Zheng and King Yan set off first, they did not pursue speed. After a while, Liu Xiu led his people and overtook Luo Zheng and the rest.
When he passed by Luo Zheng, Liu Xiu glanced at Luo Zheng indifferently. He didn't stop and continued to fly forward.
"Liu Xiu's hidden talent is also extremely powerful. I haven't seen him fight for seven or eight years. I guess his strength is not below Huo Yuner's." King Yan reminded Luo Zheng.
However, the King of Yan was still quite confident in Luo Zheng. Even the little monster was no match for Luo Zheng. Moreover, Liu Xiu had withstood a punch from Battle God Yu the Great. No matter how terrifying Liu Xiu's talent was, it would be difficult for him to go against Luo Zheng.
Luo Zheng only nodded slightly. He maintained a uniform speed and followed behind the King of Yan.
As the group went deeper and deeper into the Heavenly Feather Sacred Sea, the influence of the Blood Sacrifice Power grew stronger and stronger. Everyone's altitude became lower and lower.
This was because everyone had swallowed the Blood of the Real Dragon, which could offset a portion of the Blood Sacrifice Power. Otherwise, most of the ancient martial art practitioners would have been pulled into the Heavenly Feather Sacred Sea.
After traveling for dozens of miles, other than Luo Zheng, the King of Yan, Yue Ying, Zuo Chuandong, and the rest could no longer maintain their altitude. They could only fly close to the surface of the sea.
"I can't take it anymore. Everyone, come down. If you continue like this, you will be pulled into the sea." The King of Yan stopped and took out a small paper boat from his Sumeru Ring. The paper boat looked like it was made of folded pieces of paper. However, densely packed Sacred Patterns were drawn on it.
The Sacred Pattern Art of the four Holy Kingdoms was passed down from the Human Race in the Upper Realm. Those Sacred Patterns were very familiar. However, Luo Zheng was still unable to recognize the effects of these Sacred Patterns.
The King of Yan folded the paper boat and threw it into the Heavenly Feather Sacred Sea. The paper boat instantly expanded with the wind. It rapidly changed from a small piece of paper to a large boat that was dozens of feet long.
This large boat was overflowing with lights and colors. It was extraordinarily exquisite. It was as if it was a large boat that was ridden by immortals.
Seeing Luo Zheng's curious gaze, the King of Yan laughed self-deprecatingly. "This paper boat is a Sacred Weapon. Although it's a High-grade Sacred Weapon, it can only be used to carry people. It's not very meaningful …"
"This paper boat is also passed down from the Upper Realm, right?" Luo Zheng asked.
"Yes. Only the weapon refiners from the Upper Realm are willing to spend their time on these aspects," the King of Yan said with a smile.
The resources in the Lower Realm were scarce. Weapon refiners would usually only forge divine weapons. They would rarely spend their time on auxiliary Dharma treasures. This could be seen from Huo Yuner's jade bracelet.
After saying that, Yue Ying was the first to stand on the paper boat. Compared to Zuo Chuandong and Lan Chen, although she had mastered the Law of Time, her strength was indeed slightly inferior. Under the suppression of the power of the blood sacrifice, she was already on the verge of collapse.
After that, Lan Chen and Zuo Chuandong also jumped onto the paper boat, followed by the King of Yan and Luo Zheng. After everyone stood firm, the paper boat steadily moved forward.
Perhaps it was because of the True Dragon's Blood Essence that the power of the blood sacrifice suppressed Luo Zheng much less than other warriors. Even if he did not ride on this paper boat, Luo Zheng was confident that he could cross the Heavenly Feather Sacred Sea. It was just that there was no need for that.
Other than Luo Zheng's group, the other teams also took out various Dharma treasures. Some were large boats, some were light boats, and there were even two houses floating on the pale golden sea.
The paper boat lived up to its name as a high quality saint artifact. It cut through the waves and moved at an extremely fast speed. Six hours later, the paper boat had been flying for a long time.
The sun gradually set, and the night slowly descended. At this time, a huge island appeared in front of everyone.
Luo Zheng glanced at it. Just as he was about to speak, he realized that he should be able to find this information in his memory. He did not speak, but directly searched in his mind.
Previously, he had not only heard Cao Junfeng describe the Four Great Mystic Realms, but he had also heard the King of Yan talk about the distribution of the Four Great Mystic Realms. However, the effect of other people's descriptions was not as good as his own understanding.
The Feather Emperor Mystic Realm, the Dream God Mystic Realm, and the Divine Emperor Mystic Realm were all located on three islands. Comparing the memories in his mind, Luo Zheng had already obtained the answer. The island in front of him should be the Feather Emperor Mystic Realm.
The closer the paper boat was to the island in front of him, the greater the pressure of the power of the blood sacrifice. Although the sacrifice had offset most of the power of the blood sacrifice to a certain extent, the remaining power of the blood sacrifice could still bring quite a bit of pressure to a False Tribulation Realm warrior.
After a while, the paper boat finally slowly approached the shore. The King of Yan was the first to jump off the paper boat.
Yue Ying's body also swayed. She stepped on the shore, but she seemed to be unable to stand steadily and was about to fall.
However, at the moment when she was about to fall, Luo Zheng arrived in an instant. He reached out his hand to support Yue Ying and helped her up.
"Thank you!" Yue Ying smiled sweetly. Luo Zheng's gaze was indifferent as he nodded slightly.
For a False Tribulation Realm warrior, it was extremely difficult to fly on this island. The True Origin in the King of Yan's hand flickered gently and suddenly shot towards the paper boat. The paper boat spun and then quickly turned into the size of a palm and flew back to the King of Yan's hand.
The King of Yan looked at the forest on the island and searched for a direction. He said, "Let's go!"
At the same time, warriors were constantly approaching the shore and entering the forest.
After entering the forest, the King of Yan's expression became very cautious. As he kept moving, he was counting softly.
"Huahua, why are you counting?" Yue Ying asked the King of Yan with a puzzled expression.
The King of Yan frowned and focused on counting. "336, 327 …"
Other than the King of Yan, Luo Zheng, Zuo Chuandong, Yue Ying, and Lan Chen were exploring the Heavenly Feather Sacred Sea for the first time. When they saw the King of Yan's actions, they were indeed surprised.
"390 …"
"400!"
When the King of Yan counted to 400, he suddenly stopped in his tracks and said to Yue Ying, "We have already entered the 'Arrow Delay Zone'."
"Arrow Delay Zone?" Yue Ying's face was filled with confusion.
The King of Yan nodded and replied, "Yes, that's a type of extremely slow arrow. Everyone has to be careful as we move forward."
Hearing the King of Yan's words, everyone was still a little confused. What exactly was this' Arrow Delay Zone '?
However, the moment the King of Yan took the lead and took a step forward, everyone heard the sound of gears being pulled. Then, a row of densely packed sharp arrows appeared in front of them!
Every arrow was glowing with a blue light, and it was obvious that they contained a deadly poison!

Chapter 816
Arrows were generally a symbol of speed. Everyone had seen a lot of arrows that were as fast as lightning, but it was the first time they had seen such slow arrows.
Yue Ying's gaze froze slightly as she said with a serious face, "These arrows seem to be restricted by the law of time. That's why their speed is so slow!"
"Hehe, such slow arrows. They're even slower than my walking speed. Who can they hit?" Zuo Chuandong said with a smile.
King Yan said with a serious face, "Don't underestimate these arrows. The poison on these arrows is Dragon Arsenic! Even a Divine Sea Realm Almighty will die upon contact! It is said that many Life and Death Realm Warriors who first explored the mystic realm died from these arrows! "
Zuo Chuandong's face was full of disbelief. "King Yan, I believe you when you say that the poison on these arrows is very powerful. But I don't believe you when you say that a Divine Sea Realm Almighty died from these arrows!"
The speed of these arrows was so slow that even an old man could easily dodge them. How could he be killed by these arrows? Moreover, he was a Life and Death Realm Warrior!
King Yan smiled bitterly and said, "These arrows are defensive measures left behind by the Dragon Bloodline Clan. I'm just reminding everyone to be careful. As for why, you'll know soon enough."
Although Zuo Chuandong said that he didn't believe him, since King Yan emphasized the danger, a cautious expression appeared on his face.
The four of them followed King Yan and continued to advance in the forest.
In the beginning, there weren't many arrows in this area. They were sparse and flew slowly.
Then, arrows shot from the front. Everyone just had to carefully avoid them. In any case, the speed of these arrows was extremely slow.
But very soon, everyone understood what Prince Yan meant. This area was indeed very dangerous because there were too many sharp arrows!
In the beginning, there might be three to five arrows flying slowly around them. But as everyone went deeper, the number of arrows floating around them began to increase rapidly!
Often, there would be ten or twenty arrows shooting from different directions! Some arrows were arranged in a row, completely blocking the path ahead. They could only fly over or roll on the ground.
Even so, it wasn't difficult for them. Because of the suppression of the power of blood sacrifice, it was difficult for everyone to fly. But False Tribulation Realm Warriors were still quite nimble.
However, Zuo Chuandong couldn't help but reveal a hint of impatience on his face as he was obstructed by these slow-flying sharp arrows!
Facing the incoming arrow, Zuo Chuandong raised the dagger in his hand and slashed at it!
"Don't!"
The King of Yan tried to stop him, but it was too late.
The short saber in Zuo Chuandong's hand was also a medium-grade saint artifact. But when the saber slashed out, the arrow shook slightly. Not only was Zuo Chuandong unable to cut through the arrow, but the arrow actually accelerated!
Swish!
The speed of the arrow increased countless times in an instant, and it shot toward Zuo Chuandong's chest.
Zuo Chuandong was also stunned. He didn't expect that this slowly flying arrow would actually accelerate on its own …
At this critical moment, Luo Zheng's hand suddenly struck out and hit Zuo Chuandong's shoulder. Zuo Chuandong's whole body swayed, and his chest was deflected. The sharp arrow shot through his chest and pierced a big hole in his clothes!
"Hurry up and help him take off his clothes!" The King of Yan shouted anxiously when he saw this scene.
There was a bit of blue light on the sharp arrow that stained Zuo Chuandong's clothes. Was this blue light the dragon that the King of Yan mentioned? Poison.
Ordinary poisons would spread in the body of living creatures. However, this Dragon Arsenic was like a living creature. It actually spread through Zuo Chuandong's clothes!
Even if a Life and Death Realm Warrior was stained with this Dragon Arsenic, he would die instantly. Zuo Chuandong panicked. When he heard the King of Yan's words, he actually wanted to take off his clothes …
However, Luo Zheng was even more direct. He struck out with his palm again. The power in his palm spread out and directly shattered Zuo Chuandong's clothes. As for the clothes that were stained with Dragon Arsenic, they also dissipated under the wind from Luo Zheng's palm.
Seeing this scene, the King of Yan heaved a deep sigh of relief.
After escaping death, Zuo Chuandong's mind wasn't clear for a moment. He was still in a daze.
"Wear it! If it wasn't for Luo Zheng, you would be a dead man now! "The King of Yan took out a piece of clothing from his Sumeru Ring and threw it to Zuo Chuandong.
Yue Ying, Lan Chen, and the rest also heaved a sigh of relief. At this moment, Luo Zheng's image in their hearts was raised again. They were extremely lucky to be able to form a team with such a person.
"Don't be careless anymore. As we go deeper, there will be more and more sharp arrows in the Slow Arrow Zone! Although the speed is slow, it's still very difficult to dodge them completely! "The King of Yan warned.
Hearing this, Yue Ying, Lan Chen, and Zuo Chuandong subconsciously moved closer to Luo Zheng. They probably felt a sense of security only by following behind Luo Zheng.
Luo Zheng's gaze was indifferent. He didn't mind protecting them. This Slow Arrow Zone was indeed a little difficult for ordinary warriors. However, it wasn't a problem for Luo Zheng. After all, his body was immune to poison. The scariest thing about these slow-flying sharp arrows was the Dragon Arsenic. In terms of power, it wouldn't cause much harm to Luo Zheng.
"Another row of arrows is coming. Everyone, follow me!" The King of Yan ordered.
As the crowd went deeper, the sharp arrows here had reached a terrifying level. Usually, there would be hundreds of sharp arrows flying over slowly. These sharp arrows were evenly spaced and formed a wall of arrows, pressing towards the crowd.
However, there was a small gap in this' wall of arrows'!
The crowd followed behind the King of Yan. Everyone stood sideways while the 'wall of arrows' covered the crowd. As they were standing sideways, the crowd just happened to pass through the gap.
When they passed through the gap in the 'wall of arrows', there were densely packed sharp arrows in front of them, above them, and behind them. Blue rays of light flashed everywhere. It was indeed hair-raising.
After passing through the wall of arrows, the King of Yan ordered, "Continue walking!"
He didn't expect that just as he gave the order, he would suddenly hear a wail coming from not far away.
"Ah!"
"Li Chan! He was hit by an arrow! "
Hearing this scream, Luo Zheng looked in the direction of the sound and saw that in the open space hundreds of feet to the side, a cultivator had been shot by a sharp arrow!
The warrior who was hit by the arrow seemed to be a god-tier genius from the Xingye Kingdom. The moment he was hit by the arrow, a blue luster appeared on the skin all over his body. Very quickly, the skin started to fester rapidly. His flesh and blood seemed to be boiling and wriggling continuously.
In a short while, the warrior's physical body completely disappeared …
Seeing this horrifying scene, Yue Ying's beautiful face turned pale. Although the King of Yan had warned them that the Dragon Arsenic was extremely powerful, they didn't expect it to be to this extent. Looking at the sharp arrows floating slowly in all directions, the expression in their eyes became more and more fearful.
The team over there looked at their dead teammate and didn't stay for long. Since everyone chose to explore the Heavenly Feather Sacred Sea, they were already prepared to die. Moreover, they were in this arrow retardation zone. As long as they were careful, it wouldn't be a dangerous place.
"Let's go. Don't look anymore," Luo Zheng said to Yue Ying. Then, he said to the King of Yan, "This time, I will walk in front."
This team was led by the King of Yan. According to the usual practice, he would definitely be the one leading the team. However, since Luo Zheng had spoken, the King of Yan would naturally agree. After all, in the King of Yan's heart, Luo Zheng was still a trustworthy partner.
As they moved forward, everyone fearlessly avoided a few waves of arrows. However, just as they were about to leave the arrow retardation zone, a few figures suddenly shot out in front of them. The figure in the lead had a thunderous momentum.
"Liu Xiu!" The King of Yan's eyes flashed. Liu Xiu's group should be at the front. According to the King of Yan's estimation, they should have already passed through the arrow retardation zone. However, he didn't know why they turned back.
When Liu Xiu heard the King of Yan calling him, he said coldly, "The road ahead is blocked!"
"Why?" The King of Yan asked curiously. He had been to this island before. This was definitely the right way to go!
"See for yourself!" Liu Xiu pointed to the back and revealed a helpless expression.
＝＝＝＝＝

Chapter 817
Behind Liu Xiu, there were sharp arrows that covered the sky and the earth, shooting towards them!
Every arrow was shining with a little blue light. Under the night sky, it was extremely beautiful, like the stars in the sky. However, everyone knew that this beauty came from the most deadly poison!
"This … How do we pass through this!" Seeing this scene, Zuo Chuandong said with a trembling voice.
The previous' arrow wall 'only had a few hundred to a thousand arrows. Those arrows were also arranged in a row, so it was not too difficult to pass through.
However, this' arrow wall 'in front of them probably had a few hundred thousand arrows. If the previous' arrow wall 'was a wall, this' arrow wall 'was probably a city wall!
King Yan's eyes flashed and he said, "Go around from the side!"
"It's useless." Liu Xiu shook his head and then pointed to a beautiful woman beside him and said, "I've tried. Concubine Lan and I, one on the left and one on the right, explored the width of this arrow wall. In the end, this arrow wall seems to cover the entire arrow retardation zone!"
As everyone spoke, they began to retreat carefully and discuss countermeasures at the same time.
As everyone retreated, they met up with more and more warriors, including the Crown Prince of the Star Field Divine Kingdom and the Crown Prince of the Black Iron Divine Kingdom, Zhou Ning, Zhan Yun, and the others. They also joined the retreating team …
"Strange, when we passed through the arrow retardation zone in the past, we didn't see such a large-scale arrow wall …"
"Is it a little strange this year?"
"Let's avoid this wave of arrow wall first. After this wave of arrow wall disappears, let's move forward and take a look!"
As more and more cultivators gathered, everyone began to discuss the matter.
At this moment, Yue Ying said, "Let's go directly into the sea and go ashore from the other side. Will this method work?"
As soon as Yue Ying finished speaking, everyone looked at Yue Ying as if they were looking at an idiot. Yue Ying was a little embarrassed and her face turned red. King Yan reminded them, "I forgot to remind you that this is the only path to the Feather Emperor's Secret Realm. The two paths … are not paths that we can take."
As a result, dozens of teams and hundreds of God-level geniuses were forced to retreat. After everyone retreated out of the arrow retardation zone, the arrows that were like a city wall dissipated one by one.
"Again!" Liu Xiu gritted his teeth and continued to lead his team forward.
The martial artists that were able to enter the Heavenly Feather Sacred Sea were the most powerful young elites of the four Divine Kingdoms. How could they be defeated by such a tiny setback?
Everyone followed Liu Xiu and the others and stepped into the Arrow Retardation Zone.
King Yan frowned and said, "I feel that something is amiss. Something seems to have happened in the Emperor of Feathers Secret Land!"
"No matter what happens, we have to go in," Luo Zheng said seriously.
Others could retreat, but Luo Zheng couldn't. Although Luo Zheng could check Ning Yudie's situation through the memories in his mind, the earlier he got the Life Source Stone, the earlier Luo Zheng could feel at ease.
"Of course!" King Yan said with a smile. He was not someone who would give up so easily.
As a result, Luo Zheng and the others stepped into the Arrow Retardation Zone again.
Although everyone was careful, there were still people who were careless and fell into a desperate situation. Under the encirclement of hundreds of arrows, they couldn't avoid it no matter if they were in front or behind. In the end, they were pierced by the arrows and were poisoned by the Dragon Saliva Poison. Their bodies instantly rotted and disappeared …
Looking at the God-level geniuses who died from the poison, everyone sighed in their hearts. However, they still pressed forward.
However, when everyone had advanced to a certain point, a dense barrage of arrows appeared in front of them once again. It was still a barrage of arrows that looked like a city wall, flying towards them in a black mass.
"This …" Liu Xiu was speechless.
Many of the Divine Kingdoms' princes and crown princes had conflicted expressions on their faces. They probably wouldn't be able to cross today.
If this matter spread, it would be too embarrassing. They explored the Heavenly Feather Sacred Sea once a year, but so many of them couldn't even pass through the Arrow Retardation Zone. No one would believe it!
Just as everyone was hesitating, they heard someone say, "Everyone, follow behind me! I can cross! "
Hearing that voice, everyone looked over. The person who spoke was the crown prince of the Heavenly Wind Divine Kingdom, Huo Chen!
Behind Huo Chen were Huo Yuner and other martial artists from the Heavenly Wind Divine Kingdom.
Although Huo Chen was the crown prince of the Heavenly Wind Divine Kingdom, his reputation wasn't as resounding as the other three crown princes. This was because generally speaking, the crown prince of a Divine Kingdom was the most outstanding martial artist of the younger generation. Only such a person could become the crown prince of a Divine Kingdom.
However, Huo Chen's reputation was far from Huo Yuner's. There was even a rumor that Huo Yuner might become the first empress in the history of the four Divine Kingdoms!
However, this didn't mean that Huo Chen wasn't outstanding enough. It was just that Huo Yuner's radiance was too bright and had completely overshadowed the crown prince.
"Huo Chen? What can you do? " Liu Xiu asked with a cold smile. He had always looked down on Huo Chen. In Liu Xiu's heart, this crown prince of a Divine Kingdom was like trash.
Huo Chen's expression was extremely calm. He only said, "Use something to block these arrows!"
"Haha, Huo Chen, are you joking? Don't you know that these arrows are made of Meteorite Iron? What can block these arrows? "Liu Xiu said with a cold smile.
Everyone was part of the royal family of a Divine Kingdom. They more or less had some secret treasures. Huo Yuner had a semi-divine tool. Some of the crown princes even had semi-divine level defensive treasures!
However, there wasn't much they could do in the face of these sharp arrows!
It wasn't that no one had thought of this method in the past. In order to easily pass through the arrow zone, someone had brought a ten foot tall Geng Metal Stone. This Geng Metal Stone was a treasure used to refine tools. It was ten feet tall and ten feet wide. Even a False Tribulation Realm martial artist would have to spend a lot of effort to split this Geng Metal Stone.
Even this Geng Metal Stone couldn't block those sharp arrows. The moment those sharp arrows shot towards the Geng Metal Stone, the time law on them suddenly changed. Their speed instantly increased by a thousand times. Immediately, countless holes appeared in the Geng Metal Stone. That martial artist who thought himself clever naturally died from the Dragon Arsenic.
Seeing that no one believed him, Huo Chen's face revealed a stubborn expression. He knew that everyone looked down on him. He hated it when others looked down on him. Therefore, Huo Chen said, "I have it!"
"Yes, my brother does have it!" At this time, Huo Yuner chimed in from the side.
Unlike the royal families of other Divine Kingdoms, the royal family of Tianfeng Divine Kingdom didn't have so many open and secret struggles. Therefore, the relationship between Huo Yuner and Huo Chen was very good.
"Then take it out and let us see!" A Divine Kingdom Prince said indifferently. However, there was a hint of ridicule in his tone. Obviously, they didn't believe Huo Chen's words.
At this time, Huo Chen lightly tapped the ring hanging on his chest. With a flash of light, a huge stone suddenly appeared in front of Huo Chen.
The surface of the stone emitted a greenish-grey luster. However, the luster on the stone was extremely varied. Ordinary stones could only sense the power of the law of earth. However, some special stones, such as thunder spirit stones, contained the power of the law of thunder. However, everyone could sense the power of different laws from this stone.
To be precise, it was the power of five laws. In other words, the power of the five elements of metal, wood, water, fire, and earth!
Luo Zheng had seen this stone before. Before participating in the Martial Arts Conference, when Luo Zheng was tested, the World Business Alliance used a stone that was exactly the same as this stone. It was the Divine Origin Magnet Stone!
It was said that this Divine Origin Magnet Stone was mined from the Divine Origin Magnet Stone under the Chaotic Astral Ocean. The World Business Alliance only had a small piece. However, Huo Chen took out such a large piece.
Seeing this Divine Origin Magnet Stone, everyone was speechless …
Everyone's vision was enough to recognize the origin of this stone. The problem was that the Divine Origin Magnet Stone was extremely difficult to mine. To take a piece from the Divine Origin Magnet Mountain, it would take a Herculean effort from a Divine Sea Realm expert.

Chapter 818
But now, everyone was convinced. The Divine Magnetic Stone was useless, but it was hard. It was so hard that even Divine Sea Realm Almighty couldn't break it.
Who knew that Huo Chen would carry such a large piece of Divine Origin Magnet Stone with him. The other princes had nothing to say about him carrying such a useless thing with him.
"Hmph, do you believe me now?" Huo Chen sneered.
Huo Yuner seemed to be very proud of her brother's foresight. She smiled and said, "If you want to pass through the arrow barrier, follow me!"
Liu Xiu sighed and smiled helplessly. He could only say, "You're good. You even have this thing with you!"
Huo Chen's hands flickered with True Essence as he lifted the Divine Magnetic Stone. Although the Divine Magnetic Stone was only as tall as two people, it was extremely heavy. Even though Huo Chen's body was sturdy and he used the power of True Essence, it was still very strenuous for him. His face turned red.
When Huo Yuner saw that Huo Chen was struggling, she extended her jade-like hand. The jade bracelet on her arm trembled slightly, and a surge of energy gushed out. She helped Huo Chen hold up the huge Divine Magnetic Stone.
The brother and sister carried the Divine Magnetic Stone and opened the path in front.
When everyone saw this, they immediately followed behind. This was probably their only chance to enter the Feather Emperor's Secret Realm. How could they let it go?
King Yan smiled and said to Luo Zheng, "Let's go too!"
Luo Zheng nodded and followed the group.
Just as everyone was hiding behind the Divine Origin Magnet Stone in a long line, the dense barrage of arrows that resembled a city wall was slowly flying over.
Although everyone knew that the Divine Magnetic Stone was impenetrable and abnormally hard, they were still worried when they saw the sharp arrows approaching. If the Divine Magnetic Stone couldn't block them, then they would be in trouble …
"Ding!"
Everyone's vision was blocked by the Divine Magnetic Stone, so they couldn't see the situation of the arrows. They only heard a clear sound and understood that the first arrow had been deflected.
Following that, the voices began to ring out densely.
"Ding, ding, ding, ding, ding …"
The sound lasted for a while. Huo Chen and Huo Yuner's faces turned red.
Huo Chen said, "These, these arrows are very powerful. Come and help!"
Although these arrows were flying slowly, it wasn't because of their original speed. It was because of the Law of Time that they were flying so slowly.
Under the impact of the arrows, all of their power was exerted on the Divine Origin Magnet Stone. Even if Huo Yuner used the semi-divine tool on her wrist, it was still a bit strenuous.
Just as Huo Chen's voice faded, Luo Zheng's figure flashed by the side of the group. He arrived under the Divine Origin Magnet Stone and gently pushed with his hands.
When Luo Zheng's power surged out, Huo Chen and Huo Yuner immediately felt relaxed. Luo Zheng was actually bearing 90% of the power!
Seeing this, Huo Yuner smiled at Luo Zheng. "Thank you!"
Luo Zheng's expression was indifferent as he replied, "Everyone should be thanking you and your sister. If it weren't for the Divine Origin Magnet Stone, I'm afraid no one would be able to pass through!"
Luo Zheng's words were a bit absolute. It wasn't that no one would be able to pass through this area. It wasn't difficult for cultivators who cultivated the Law of Space to pass through the area. For example, Luo Zheng could easily travel through space to avoid the arrows.
However, in the four Divine Kingdoms, the exploration of the Heavenly Feather Sacred Sea was done in groups. There weren't many cultivators who comprehended the Law of Space. It was difficult for them to abandon their companions and rush through alone!
This majestic group moved forward with Luo Zheng, Huo Chen, and Huo Yuner pushing the Divine Origin Magnet Stone.
Just as everyone heaved a sigh of relief and thought that they had passed through the area, someone suddenly screamed, "Left! There are arrows coming from the left too!"
Everyone looked over at the first moment, only to see that the left side was also filled with sharp arrows!
"There are arrows on the right too!" Another cultivator screamed.
Seeing this scene, everyone's expression darkened.
King Yan also cursed, "Damn it! Why is the Jade Emperor Secret Territory so difficult?!"
Now, other than the back, there was a rain of arrows coming from the front, left, and right. There was no blind spot to dodge them!
Under such circumstances, even Luo Zheng wouldn't be able to pass through the rain of arrows without getting hit …
The only person who could pass through the rain of arrows unscathed was probably Yun Longtao. He was proficient in the third level of the Law of Space and could travel through space. However, it was meaningless to pass through him alone.
Luo Zheng frowned slightly and roared in a low voice, "Follow me!"
As soon as his voice fell, Luo Zheng crossed his palms and slammed them heavily on the Divine Origin Magnet Stone!
"Bang!"
With a muffled sound, the Divine Origin Magnet Stone shot forward and instantly covered a distance of fifty to sixty feet.
With these two palms, Luo Zheng had fully activated the power of the dragon scale. However, due to the dense rain of arrows in front of him, he could only cover this distance.
Many Divine Grade geniuses reacted extremely quickly. Now, they could only compete with the slow-moving rain of arrows. They had to rush through the area before the rain of arrows closed in!
"Whoosh whoosh …"
Luo Zheng used the Divine Origin Magnet Stone to open up a path. Many Divine Grade geniuses behind him immediately followed.
When Luo Zheng caught up with the Divine Origin Magnet Stone again, he slammed his palms on it again. With a loud bang, the Divine Origin Magnet Stone continued to move forward sixty to seventy feet. Borrowing the momentum of his body, the Divine Origin Magnet Stone moved an additional twenty feet!
"We can rush out!"
"Quick! Hurry up! "
"Don't push me!"
Only the space behind the Divine Origin Magnet Stone was safe. Naturally, everyone rushed to follow behind.
"I'll help you, Luo Tianxing!" At this time, a Divine Kingdom Prince suddenly rushed forward. He swept past Huo Chen and Huo Yuner and crashed into the Divine Origin Magnet Stone.
This Divine Kingdom Prince was a prince of the Star Field Divine Kingdom. Not only was he a Divine Grade genius, but he also had innate divine strength. Among the younger generation, there was probably no one stronger than him!
Therefore, at this time, he chose to step forward bravely.
"Pu!"
What he never imagined was that after this collision, the Divine Origin Magnet Stone only moved less than a foot …
Seeing this scene, even in the face of danger, everyone still looked at Luo Zheng as if they were looking at a monster …
The Divine Kingdom Prince's innate strength was something that everyone was well aware of. If a martial artist were to compare notes with the Prince, they would avoid engaging in close combat with him. His strength was far greater than the average martial artist's!
But this prince who possessed innate divine strength actually only knocked this Origin Magnetic Divine Stone a foot away. This was simply too exaggerated, right?!
Before this, many cultivators wanted to help Luo Zheng push the stone. Everyone saw that Luo Zheng could push the Divine Origin Magnet Stone dozens of feet away with every palm strike. Their strength might not be as strong as Luo Zheng's, but they should be able to push it 30 or 40 feet away.
Now that they saw it, it was simply wishful thinking. If they went up, they wouldn't even be able to push it half a foot away.
This guy's strength was indeed too abnormal. No wonder even a Divine Sea Realm cultivator was injured by him!
Luo Zheng didn't care about everyone's gazes. He continued to push the stone forward. Under the cover of the stone, the entire team moved forward rapidly …
"Coming, coming!"
Someone screamed. At this time, a rain of arrows flew over from the left and right.
"Hurry up and go forward!"
"There are people in front. We can't go forward!"
Although Luo Zheng's speed of pushing the Divine Origin Magnet Stone had reached its limit, it was still a bit slow!
However, these cultivators were also constantly dodging between the gaps of those sharp arrows. Sometimes they would jump up, and sometimes they would roll on the ground in a sorry state. At this time, how could they pay attention to their own image and bearing? They had used all the methods they could think of to survive!
Even so, there were still people who were hit by the arrows!
"Ah …"
Miserable screams sounded. At this moment, five or six people were hit by the arrows. Their bodies began to rot rapidly …
"We're almost there. Everyone, hold on a little longer!" Huo Yuner's little face was red. This was her first time entering the Heavenly Feather Sacred Sea. Although Huo Yuner had the opportunity to enter before, her father didn't allow her to. Today, with great difficulty, he finally allowed her to enter.
At this point, Huo Yuner finally understood that the Heavenly Feather Sacred Sea was indeed full of dangers.
Just as she shouted this sentence, four sharp arrows came from the left and right. There was almost no space left for her to dodge.

Chapter 819
These arrows contained an extremely strong inertia. In addition, the body and arrowhead contained Dragon Arsenic. If an ordinary martial artist were to touch them, they would surely die.
However, this group of martial artists were all god-level geniuses of the four Divine Kingdoms. Each one of them was incomparably nimble and had their own unique skills. So, even though these arrows were coming from three directions, only seven or eight people had died to them.
But now, Huo Yuner was forced into a desperate situation.
If this were any other time, many martial artists wouldn't mind rescuing Huo Yuner. This Divine Kingdom Princess' status was even higher than an ordinary Crown Prince's. If they could save Huo Yuner, the Heavenly Wind Divine Kingdom would owe them a great favor.
But now, no one dared to step forward. The Dragon Arsenic's toxicity was far too strong. No one dared to touch these arrows. Moreover, as long as one touched these arrows, their speed would instantly increase and they would explode in their original direction. If one tried to forcefully change the direction of these arrows, they would only cause Huo Yuner to die even faster!
"Big Sister!" Huo Chen's eyes were fixed on Huo Yun 'er. He and Huo Yun' er were walking at the front and were relatively safer than the other cultivators. However, there were more and more arrows coming from both sides. Huo Chen had not expected that Huo Yun 'er would be caught in a blind spot.
Huo Yuner's face also revealed a look of hesitation. She looked left and right, as if trying to think of a way to break out!
As she blinked, the jade bracelet shook violently, and a mysterious power of Law spread out with her as the center. She wanted to use the Law of Time to stop these arrows!
However, these arrows were originally supported by the Laws of Time. Moreover, the Laws of Time on these arrows seemed to be even stronger than Huo Yuner's. These arrows didn't stop flying. Instead, they slowly approached her at their own speed!
When two people used the Laws of Time at the same time, the stronger Laws of Time would completely cover the weaker Laws of Time. So, after she released the Laws of Time, not only did it not affect the arrows, but it even slowed down the time for the surrounding martial artists …
Seeing this, Huo Yuner finally panicked. She hurriedly withdrew her Laws of Time. Then, the other martial artists began to curse her. It was because her Laws of Time had nearly caused the deaths of other martial artists …
Since the Laws of Time were ineffective, she didn't dare to use any other martial skills to attack these arrows. As she looked at the slowly approaching arrows, despair slowly filled her heart.
"Am I not strong enough? Father was right. With my current strength, I am still not qualified to explore the secret realm alone. I never thought that I would die in my first exploration of the secret realm. "Huo Yuner thought to herself in despair.
Her personality was positive and cheerful. The only problem was that she was too naive. She imagined everything in the world to be beautiful and never felt the cruelty of the world.
Huo Yuner was somewhat regretful. Her father emperor had a divine level close-fitting clothes. Originally, he wanted to give it to her. That divine level close-fitting clothes should be able to block these arrows, but Huo Yuner firmly refused. She always felt that her father emperor spoiled her too much. How could she grow like this?
Only when she was faced with death did she realize that she was still too naive. Unfortunately, it was already too late. The arrowheads of those sharp arrows were shining with a blue light, like the luster of the Grim Reaper's scythe, closing in on her step by step.
At this moment, Luo Zheng gave up on pushing the Divine Origin Magnet Stone. Instead, he instantly crossed space and returned to Huo Yuner.
"Why did he come back?" Huo Yuner blinked her eyes. She had already been forced into a dead end by the four crisscrossing arrows. There was no way for her to break out. Did he want to save her? This was simply an impossible task. Unless Luo Zheng blocked those arrows himself. Moreover, with the power of these arrows, once touched, they could easily penetrate the body of any cultivator!
"Luo Tianxing! What are you doing! Quickly push your stone! Damn it, do you want to kill us? "
"Idiot, we almost got out of the arrow zone. Why did you come back!"
"If you don't push that Divine Origin Magnet Stone, all of us will die here!"
Although Luo Zheng had already erupted with all his strength and quickly pushed the Divine Origin Magnet Stone, under the pressure of the Grim Reaper, no one would complain about his speed. They only wished that Luo Zheng could push the stone as fast as he could so that everyone could follow him and rush out!
Right now, they were only a few dozen feet away from rushing out of the arrow zone. However, Luo Zheng stopped, gave up on the Divine Origin Magnet Stone, and turned back. Was he trying to kill everyone?
Yan Wang, Yue Ying, Zuo Chuandong, and the others did not speak. Although they were also very anxious and did not understand why Luo Zheng turned back, Luo Zheng's previous performance had already made everyone fully trust Luo Zheng.
Hearing those curses, Luo Zheng rolled his eyes. These guys did not seem to understand their own situation. He did not care about the lives of others at all. However, Huo Yuner had left a good impression on Luo Zheng. Especially when he was about to take the punch from Battle Emperor Yu the Great, Huo Yuner was actually willing to lend her semi-divine tool to him. Luo Zheng was grateful for this.
However, Luo Zheng also knew that Huo Yuner's actions were only due to her personality and did not mean anything. Even so, he had to save Huo Yuner.
When Luo Zheng rushed to Huo Yuner's side, the four arrows that were blocking her from the left and right were only a few feet away from Huo Yuner!
"What are you trying to do?" Seeing Luo Zheng stretch out his hand towards the arrows, Huo Yuner's face revealed a look of fear. Everyone had seen the toxicity of the Dragon Arsenic on the arrows with their own eyes. Many god-level geniuses had already died from these arrows. Luo Zheng stretched out his hand to grab them just like that?
Everyone was eagerly waiting for Luo Zheng to push the stone, so their gazes were also focused on Luo Zheng. They knew that Luo Zheng wanted to save Huo Yuner, but they never thought that Luo Zheng would grab those arrows with his bare hands.
Was this the rhythm of courting death?
Under everyone's watchful eyes, Luo Zheng directly stretched out his hand and pressed on the tip of the two arrows on the right!
Because of the Law of Time, as long as there was any collision, these arrows would instantly accelerate and explode. If Luo Zheng casually hit the arrows, then the exploding arrows would very likely pierce through Huo Yuner. Therefore, he chose to grab the tip of the arrows!
The moment Luo Zheng grabbed the tip of the arrows, he felt an extremely huge force surge out from the arrows!
The two arrows were propelled by Luo Zheng's hands, and Luo Zheng used skillful movements. The impact of the two arrows caused Luo Zheng's hands to sway, and the back of his hands directly hit Huo Yuner's body. It was because of this collision that Huo Yuner escaped from danger.
At the same time, the two arrows pierced through Luo Zheng's hands and flew away, disappearing without a trace.
The strength of Luo Zheng's hands was comparable to a Sacred Artifact, but they were actually pierced through by these two arrows. One could imagine the power contained within these arrows …
Huo Yuner stared blankly at Luo Zheng. Although she knew that she was saved, she also knew that Luo Zheng was dead for sure!
She saw that not only was there blood flowing out from Luo Zheng's hands, but the blue Dragon Arsenic was also constantly spreading. Soon, the Dragon Arsenic began to spread along Luo Zheng's wrists.
"Don't be in a daze! Don't count on this guy, he's dead for sure! Let's push the stone ourselves! "
"Yes, don't count on Luo Tianxing, let's go! Everyone be careful, don't touch Luo Zheng, or else you'll also be infected by the Dragon Arsenic! "
Some of the martial artists who recovered from their shock didn't pay attention to Luo Zheng. If they didn't push the Divine Origin Magnet Stone, they would all die.
Therefore, five or six figures flew out and began to fiercely bombard the Divine Origin Magnet Stone.
Several god-grade geniuses pushed the stone at the same time, and it was somewhat effective. The Divine Origin Magnet Stone began to move again, but it could only move five or ten feet at a time. Compared to Luo Zheng's palm that moved seven or eight feet, it was a far cry!
Only Huo Chen, Huo Yuner, King Yan, and Yue Ying were staring blankly at Luo Zheng.
"The Dragon Arsenic is spreading along his body, but why … why didn't this fierce poison corrode his body?" The same question flashed in Huo Yuner and Huo Chen's minds.
＝＝＝＝＝

Chapter 820
Yan Wang and Yue Ying were also shocked. Even though they trusted Luo Zheng and knew that Luo Zheng had at least seventy to eighty percent confidence in every step he took, they just couldn't figure out how Luo Zheng was able to resist the Dragon Arsenic.
Almighty Divine Sea Realm experts might be able to block these slow-flying arrows, but they also wouldn't allow the Dragon Arsenic to contaminate their bodies. The Dragon Arsenic was a secret poison of the Dragon Bloodline Clan. Even now, the four Divine Kingdoms still hadn't found the antidote and formula.
How did he do it?
At this moment, another scream came from not far away. The number of arrows coming from the left and right was increasing. It was getting harder and harder to dodge!
Luo Zheng didn't have time to explain anything to them. It was better to let everyone rush out of the arrow zone first.
"Get out of the way!"
Luo Zheng roared. His body was stained with Dragon Arsenic. At this time, he was still alive and kicking as he rushed forward. Suddenly, everyone was shocked!
The poison on his body continued to spread. He looked like a statue covered in blue paint. Who would dare to touch Luo Zheng?
Under his roar, the people in front stepped aside and opened up a path for Luo Zheng to rush through.
"Look at how the Dragon Arsenic is spreading. Has the poison already attacked his heart?!"
"Damn, the poison attacked his heart and he's still acting like he's on steroids. This guy really isn't human!"
"At least he's still willing to push the stone. He's sacrificing himself for everyone …"
These Divine Realm geniuses didn't know why Luo Zheng was still alive and kicking after being poisoned by the Dragon Arsenic. They only guessed that Luo Zheng might have some secret method that could temporarily extend his life. When this last breath dissipated, he wouldn't be able to escape death.
"Bang … Bang … Bang …"
The warriors who were pushing the Divine Origin Magnet Stone together also moved away from Luo Zheng. Luo Zheng's palm continued to hit the Divine Origin Magnet Stone.
With the eruption of Luo Zheng's power, the Divine Magnetic Stone quickly moved forward.
In the end, everyone saw a row of black walls standing at the edge of the arrow zone. Within the walls, there were small round holes arranged in a regular pattern. From those round holes, sharp arrows continuously flew out.
There were originally three walls in the area where the arrows were slowed down. Only the direction where the group had shot out from did not have such a wall. Therefore, the slow-flying arrows continuously flew in from the front, left, and right. ,
"Bang! Rumble!
Seeing that they were already here, Luo Zheng directly kicked the Divine Magnetic Stone. The huge stone was directly kicked up by Luo Zheng and finally hit the wall, blocking part of the round hole on the wall!
"Go up!"
Immediately, Luo Zheng jumped up, stepped on the Divine Magnetic Stone, and jumped to the top of the wall.
The warriors behind him did not hesitate. They stepped on the Divine Magnetic Stone and stood on the wall. However, they still maintained a considerable distance from Luo Zheng. After all, the blue Dragon Arsenic on Luo Zheng's body was really frightening.
After a while, all the warriors left the area where the arrows were slowed down. Huo Chen walked up to Luo Zheng and said, "Thank you for saving my sister!"
Luo Zheng smiled faintly and replied, "It's just a small matter. No need to thank me."
Huo Yuner blinked her eyes and stared at the Dragon Arsenic on Luo Zheng's body. She asked, "Luo Tianxing, are you … okay?"
Huo Yuner was very grateful that Luo Zheng was willing to risk his life to save her. However, to let Luo Zheng die because of her was absolutely unacceptable to Huo Yuner.
Luo Zheng smiled faintly and said, "This Dragon Arsenic is really strange. It can actually spread on its own. However, this poison shouldn't be able to kill me!"
At this time, Yan Wang, Yue Ying, and the others also walked over. They were also worried. However, so much time had passed and Luo Zheng still looked like he was fine. When they heard Luo Zheng speak like this, their hanging hearts immediately relaxed.
Luo Zheng looked at his blue hands and frowned. He said, "However, I really need to expel this Dragon Arsenic before continuing!"
"It's okay, Brother Tianxing. We will wait for you," Yan Wang smiled faintly.
As for Huo Chen, before he could say anything, Huo Yuner also said, "Then we will also wait for you!"
"Let's go!" Liu Xiu only glanced at Luo Zheng indifferently. There was no trace of gratitude in her eyes.
Other than Huo Chen's team and Yan Wang's team, the other warriors who had just passed through the arrow buffer zone did not stop at all. Even if it was Luo Zheng's credit that everyone was able to pass through the arrow buffer zone, in their hearts, they felt that this was what Luo Zheng should do. After all, he also wanted to live.
Sitting on the wall, one could still see the dense number of arrows crisscrossing and flying slowly. These flying arrows each occupied their own path, but they would not collide with each other. It had to be said that the Dragon Bloodline Clan had spent a lot of effort in setting up this mechanism.
The characteristics of the Dragon Arsenic were very strange. It only spread along the surface of Luo Zheng's body and did not enter the depths of Luo Zheng's body. Therefore, when Luo Zheng sat down, he only needed to expel the Dragon Arsenic on the surface.
As Luo Zheng slowly drew out his True Yuan from his Dantian, it first extended along his arms. Then, Luo Zheng controlled his True Yuan to try to fuse with the Dragon Arsenic.
The moment the two fused, the Dragon Arsenic emitted billowing smoke. Even the smoke was blue!
"Be careful, spread out!" Luo Zheng was shocked and immediately warned.
Huo Yuner, Huo Chen, Yan Wang and the others were watching Luo Zheng expel the poison. When they saw the blue smoke, how could they not know that it was poisonous smoke? As soon as Luo Zheng's voice fell, they maintained a distance of fifty to sixty feet from Luo Zheng. The most exaggerated one was Zuo Chuandong. He actually ran along the wall for a distance of more than a hundred feet.
Seeing this scene, Yue Ying laughed and said, "You don't have to run so far!"
Zuo Chuandong's face turned red. He chuckled and slowly walked back.
The Dragon Arsenic was indeed very tyrannical. It could even corrode True Yuan. The blue poisonous smoke was produced after the Dragon Arsenic corroded True Yuan.
However, while the Dragon Arsenic corroded True Yuan, a considerable part of it was neutralized by True Yuan. Seeing this, Luo Zheng simply drew out the True Yuan in his body. Thus, the surface of Luo Zheng's body was covered in billowing blue smoke.
After more than ten breaths, when Luo Zheng had consumed about a third of the True Yuan in his body, the Dragon Arsenic in his body had completely disappeared. Luo Zheng's complexion had also returned to normal.
He hadn't even stood up when a jade-like hand passed him a peach-carved stone. Seeing this stone, Luo Zheng was stunned for a moment. Then, he realized that this was actually a top-grade True Essence Stone. The carving skill of this stone was also extremely powerful. It looked like a lifelike peach, except for the color.
He only heard Huo Yuner say softly, "You used up a lot of True Yuan. Replenish it!"
Enjoying a top-grade True Yuan Stone was not a big deal. Even with Luo Zheng's current status, a top-grade True Yuan Stone was nothing, let alone these Divine Kingdom Crown Princes and Princesses.
However, what made Luo Zheng speechless was the shape of the top-grade True Yuan Stone. This True Yuan Stone was not carved so delicately, right?
Seeing Luo Zheng's strange expression as he took the "peach", Huo Yuner smiled and said, "I carved this when I had nothing to do. It's not bad, right?"
"Pa!"
Luo Zheng gently crushed the "peach" and began to absorb the pure True Yuan within. Then, he nodded and said, "Not bad, it's really not bad …"
The Divine Kingdom Continent's warriors were much more comfortable than the Central Domain's warriors, and the Central Domain's warriors were much more comfortable than the Sea God Continent's warriors.
Hence, the Divine Kingdom Continent's warriors and the Central Domain's warriors basically did not have time to take care of other interests. How could they be like Huo Yuner, who actually had the time to spare after cultivating?
"Alright, let's continue our journey!" At this moment, King Yan opened his mouth and said.
Now that Huo Chen, Huo Yuner, and the rest of the team had stayed behind, King Yan was well aware that everyone had formed a new team with Luo Zheng as the leader. However, this was also good. Although Huo Yuner was very naive, her strength was probably above his.
"After passing the Arrow Stalling Area, we will reach the Spiritual Beast Field. However, due to the Blood Sacrifice, all the Spiritual Beasts in the Spiritual Beast Field have died," King Yan continued.
The Blood Sacrifice of the Dragon Bloodline Clan was to sacrifice the lives of the entire clan. Theoretically, there were no living creatures in the Four Great Mystery Lands.
"Then, isn't there no danger?" A god-level genius following Huo Chen asked.

Chapter 821
Actually, when everyone entered the Heavenly Feather Sacred Ocean, they naturally had to do some research. This god-level genius had asked a pointless question.
The four Divine Kingdoms had explored the Heavenly Feather Sacred Ocean for countless years, but they had yet to fully understand it. The biggest reason was that it was filled with danger.
However, compared to the Heavenly Star Secret Realm, the Feather Emperor Secret Realm, Dream God Secret Realm, and Divine Emperor Secret Realm were much easier. Therefore, the four Divine Kingdoms would leave these three secret realms for the younger generation to explore after the Heavenly Feather Sacred Ocean was opened every year.
As for the Divine Sea Realm and Life and Death Realm experts, they would not be idle. After the Heavenly Feather Sacred Ocean was opened, they would think of ways to enter the most troublesome and dangerous Heavenly Star Secret Realm!
King Yan said, "Once, the Dragon Bloodline used blood sacrifices to spread the curse. Many Spirit Beasts reared in the Spiritual Beast Field were also sacrificed. However, after their deaths, their vengeful spirits are still floating around. When everyone enters the Spiritual Beast Area, please be careful."
Actually, King Yan had already sensed that something was wrong with the Arrow Slow Zone. He estimated that the Spiritual Beast Area would be more dangerous. It was a good thing to be more vigilant.
After everyone nodded, they continued to move forward.
The Arrow Slow Zone was a messy forest, while the Spiritual Beast Area was a pitch-black grassland. The weeds on the ground were like worms, constantly wriggling.
Looking at the wriggling weeds, King Yan reminded everyone, "Everyone, try to walk faster. Don't stop!"
"Why?" Zuo Chuandong seemed to have not learned his lesson. Before he fully understood the situation, he stepped into the area. Who knew that the moment he stepped on the grass, the weeds would wriggle violently. Then, they formed a small grass trap and tripped Zuo Chuandong's feet.
"King Yan, are you referring to this?" Zuo Chuandong's face revealed a disdainful expression. How could a small weed trap a False Tribulation Realm expert like him? After reaching the False Tribulation Realm, one would have the power to split open a mountain.
Therefore, Zuo Chuandong lifted his feet and kicked the grass trap to pieces.
However, Zuo Chuandong did not expect the weeds to be so tough. The thin roots of the grass entwined together and tripped him!
A helpless smile appeared on Zuo Chuandong's face. He had indeed underestimated these weeds, but there was nothing he could do about it.
However, just when he wanted to get up, the weeds on his fingers wriggled desperately, forming a grass trap that locked his arms to the ground. In almost the blink of an eye, all the weeds covered Zuo Chuandong's body. Looking around, how could he still find him? Everyone could only see a small mound of earth. No matter how the mound of earth struggled, Zuo Chuandong was unable to break free from the shackles of these weeds.
At this moment, King Yan's figure flashed and a crimson-gold sharp knife appeared in his hand. He moved swiftly in the grassland with light footsteps. When he reached Zuo Chuandong's side, he lowered the tip of the sharp knife slightly and swept past Zuo Chuandong's body.
"Whoosh …"
Subsequently, the weeds on Zuo Chuandong's body broke apart. Zuo Chuandong then took the opportunity to jump up and pat his body. When he looked at the weeds again, there was fear on his face.
In fact, there were many ways to deal with these weeds. For example, warriors who cultivated the fire-elemental laws could burn these weeds completely by circulating their True Origin. However, Zuo Chuandong, Lan Chen, and the rest were more inclined to support. They really could not do anything to these inconspicuous weeds on the ground.
King Yan said indifferently, "These weeds are called Black Thread Grass. They are extremely tough! However, they are not difficult to deal with. However, when we encounter those vengeful spirits, I'm afraid that they will bring trouble to everyone. Therefore, everyone should try to walk briskly and not be tripped by these weeds! "
Under King Yan's reminder, everyone raised their feet and moved swiftly on the grassland.
On this vast black grassland, there were only a few bare trees. Everyone's goal was also very wide. Therefore, the oppressive mood in the Arrow Retardation Zone gradually disappeared. They chased forward for a while. Suddenly, they saw lightning flashing and thunder rumbling not far in front of them!
"Crack! Crack … "
Seeing this scene, King Yan's eyes flashed and he said, "Let's follow them!"
Luo Zheng followed closely behind King Yan. Looking at the lightning that kept striking down, his eyes were filled with calmness.
When they walked over to take a look, they realized that the hundreds of god-level geniuses did not go far. At least half of them stayed here. However, these hundreds of people seemed to be surrounding something …
"This thing is only afraid of lightning! All warriors who cultivate the fire-elemental laws, attack together and strike it to death! "
"Try harder. It should not be able to take it anymore!"
"We are so lucky to have found a vengeful spirit beast the moment we entered!"
Luo Zheng approached slowly. With the help of the light from the flashes of lightning, he could see more clearly.
It turned out that in the middle of the warriors, there was a human-shaped vengeful spirit. The vengeful spirit extended both of its arms. However, its movements were extremely slow. It kept uttering some strange syllables from its big mouth.
Because its movement speed was too slow, it could not catch any warrior. Those warriors who were proficient in the fire-elemental laws surrounded the vengeful spirit and kept releasing the power of the fire-elemental laws …
Seeing this scene, Huo Yuner's eyes flashed slightly. Her voice rang out, "Everyone, can you stop?"
Liu Xiu accumulated the True Origin in his body. Then, a raging purple lightning spurted out from his body. With a bang, it hit the vengeful spirit. The vengeful spirit was most afraid of the power of lightning. As lightning could repel all evils, the vengeful spirit trembled violently when the lightning struck it.
At this moment, Liu Xiu heard Huo Yuner's words. He glanced at her indifferently and said, "Princess Yuner, why do you want us to stop?"
"This, this vengeful spirit feels very pitiful …" Huo Yuner replied.
"Hahahaha …"
"Princess Yuner is overflowing with sympathy! She is too cute! "
"Speaking of which, it would feel good to have such a woman as the Imperial Concubine!"
Huo Yuner's words immediately caused a roar of laughter. Without the supervision of the elders, the younger generation began to act unscrupulously.
During the battle between Huo Yuner and Luo Zheng, many god-level geniuses already knew what kind of warrior Huo Yuner was. She seemed to be full of sympathy for everything. The problem was that it was fine if she was full of sympathy for humans and ordinary creatures. But now, she was even full of sympathy for the vengeful spirit …
After the roar of laughter, those warriors continued to pour out the lightning in their hands. Purple, blue, and white lightning struck the vengeful spirit one after another.
A large number of Sense Beads could be obtained from the vengeful spirit beast. This kind of item could strengthen the soul. Even in the Kingdom of Gods, it was extremely popular. How could they be willing to give it up when Huo Yuner asked them to?
"Crackle, crackle …" Those lightning bolts exploded with loud sounds.
Seeing this scene, Zuo Chuandong looked helplessly at King Yan and said, "This Spiritual Beast Area is not as scary as you said …"
Because of the encounter in the Arrow Retardation Area, everyone almost lost their lives. After entering the Spiritual Beast Area, under King Yan's reminder, everyone's hearts were tense. Now, it seemed that the vengeful spirit could only be bullied by the warriors. It did not even have the ability to fight back.
King Yan's face revealed a helpless smile. "It was very easy to pass through the Arrow Retardation Area last time. However, we encountered a lot of trouble in the Spiritual Beast Area. This time, it is the opposite!"
When Huo Chen saw Huo Yuner's unwilling expression, he advised her, "Sister, you can't stop them. Let's go first!"
Huo Chen urged them to leave. Zuo Chuandong, Lan Chen, and the rest were somewhat reluctant, especially Lan Chen. He originally cultivated a Spiritual Cultivation Technique. The Sense Beads in the vengeful spirit beast were very beneficial to him. For a moment, he was somewhat hesitant.
At this moment, Qinglong's voice rang in Luo Zheng's mind.

Chapter 822
Hearing Qinglong's warning, Luo Zheng had a strange look on his face. He asked, "What's wrong? What's going on? "
"The Resentful Spiritual Beast is speaking the language of the Dragon Tribe," Qinglong said quickly.
"The language of the Real Dragon Tribe?" Luo Zheng knew that the Real Dragon Tribe had their own language. However, when he entered the Central Domain of the Real Dragon Realm, it was not difficult for him to communicate with the Dragon Bloodlines. He did not expect the Dragon Tribe to have their own language.
"Yes, that resentful spirit is summoning other resentful spirits in the Spiritual Beast Field. If we don't leave now, I'm afraid we won't be able to leave later!" Qinglong exhorted.
After Azure Dragon finished speaking, Luo Zheng turned around and looked at the resentful spirit who was constantly being struck by lightning. A hint of vigilance appeared on his face as he said to King Yan and the others, "Let's go! Let's go! "
King Yan was curious when he heard Luo Zheng's urging. Luo Zheng was not in a hurry just now. Why did he suddenly become so anxious?
"Let's go quickly! That Resentful Spiritual Beast is summoning resentful spirits, "Luo Zheng urged.
King Yan still had a strange look on his face. However, when he saw Luo Zheng's serious expression, he did not continue to ask. When King Yan was about to leave with everyone, he turned back and saw the Crown Prince of the Black Iron Divine Kingdom, Zhou Ning.
Zhou Ning was also leading Zhan Yun, Xiao Daoyuan and the others to surround the Resentful Spiritual Beast. They seemed to want a share of the loot.
Although there was a huge conflict between him and Zhou Ning, they were still half-brothers. Thinking of this, he said a few words to Zhou Ning through Genuine Energy Sound Transmission.
Zhou Ning looked at King Yan in surprise and frowned. However, he seemed to believe King Yan's words. He led Zhan Yun, Xiao Daoyuan and the others away from the Resentful Spiritual Beast quietly.
The moment Zhou Ning led them away, they heard the Resentful Spiritual Beast roaring at the sky!
"It's dying! Everyone, let's work harder! "Liu Xiu shouted excitedly.
"No matter how many Spiritual Beads we get, as long as we work hard, we'll share them equally!"
"Equally? Are you dreaming? Naturally, whoever is stronger will get the most! "
However, the scene that everyone expected did not happen. The Resentful Soul Beast was not killed by the lightning. Instead, after a roar, it suddenly lay on the ground. At the same time, with it as the center, the weeds within a hundred feet of it suddenly began to grow wildly!
"Kachacha …"
Due to the power of the blood sacrifice, everyone was unable to fly, so they kept running around the Resentful Spirit Spiritual Beast. Within a breath's time, the weeds grew to a height of ten feet, wrapping all the warriors within a radius of ten feet!
Layers of weeds tightly bound them!
"Ahhh …"
"Hurry up and get out!"
Although all the warriors were struggling with all their might, these weeds were not that easy to break free from.
The Vengeful Spirit Beast slowly walked towards a warrior. The warrior was bound by thousands of weeds and was unable to break free. He could only watch as the Vengeful Spirit Beast slowly raised its palm and smashed it heavily on the warrior's body!
Although the Vengeful Spirit Spiritual Beast moved slowly, its strength was shocking. When the palm came down, it directly split the martial artist into two. Then, it moved on to the next martial artist.
Zhou Ning brought Xiao Daoyuan, Zhan Yun and the others away, but they just happened to avoid the area where the weeds grew. It was all thanks to his brother Zhou Zhihua's reminder, but he was also bound by the weeds.
"Peng!"
The warriors who were bound by the weeds would not sit still and wait for death. Some warriors who were proficient in the Law of Fire suddenly released raging flames from their bodies and began to burn the damned weeds!
"Stop burning! It's burning me! "
"If we don't burn it, how can we get out?"
"The Resentful Spirit Spiritual Beast is coming towards me. Who can save me …"
In this patch of weeds, there was chaos. Everyone wanted to break free from these damn weeds. Some powerful warriors or warriors with sharp weapons in their hands had indeed broken free from these weeds. However, most of the warriors were caught off guard and were still trapped in these weeds.
In the midst of this struggle, everyone suddenly heard shrill screams. In the sky, a black mass of vengeful spirits was flying towards them!
The warriors who were bound by the weeds showed despair on their faces.
"Don't look, let's go!" When Luo Zheng left, he patted Huo Yuner's shoulder. She was previously worried about the Resentful Spirit Spiritual Beast, but now, she was worried about the safety of the warriors …
However, now was not the time to worry about others. The black mass of Resentful Spirits numbered in the tens of thousands. If they were caught in it, their fate could be imagined.
The group quickly left the place.
However, when Luo Zheng rushed out for six to seven miles, he suddenly heard a huge tremor behind him!
"Rumble!"
Luo Zheng turned his head and saw an extremely thick thunderbolt exploding towards the sky!
The deafening roar shook the entire Spiritual Beast District, and the vengeful spirits that were hovering in the sky disappeared in an instant.
"This thunderbolt!" Luo Zheng saw the dazzling light and his heart was beating rapidly.
When King Yan saw the thick thunderbolt, he smiled helplessly and said, "It's Liu Xiu."
"He's so powerful?" Luo Zheng asked. The power of the thunderbolt was comparable to the full blow of a Divine Sea Realm Almighty!
King Yan shook his head and laughed, "He's the Crown Prince of the Great Yu Divine Kingdom."
The headquarters of the Esoteric Sect was built in the Great Yu Divine Kingdom. Even the Saintess Bai Yuerong lived in the Great Yu Divine Kingdom. The Great Yu Divine Kingdom was able to stand out among the four Divine Kingdoms because of the Esoteric Sect.
The resources that were passed down from the Reverse Spirit Channel were basically given priority to the Great Yu Divine Kingdom. As the Crown Prince of the Great Yu Divine Kingdom, Liu Xiu naturally had a lot of good treasures in his hands.
King Yan continued, "If I'm not wrong, he must have used the Heavenly Thunder Halberd. The Heavenly Thunder Halberd can only be used once. Moreover, it can be ranked as a Semi-Divine Artifact!"
A one-time use treasure, and a Semi-Divine Artifact at that. Luo Zheng was shocked. No wonder it was so powerful!
But then again, if he did not use this thing, he would have become a corpse. The members of the royal family did have many good things in their hands. Presumably, Huo Chen, Huo Yun 'er, and King Yan more or less had life-saving things in their hands, right?
Almost 99% of the vengeful spirits in the spirit beast area were wiped out by the lightning bolt just now. As a result, the pressure on everyone was instantly relieved.
Everyone maintained a certain speed and advanced along the grass in the Spiritual Beast Area. At this time, Huo Yuner asked, "After passing through the Spiritual Beast Area, can we enter the secret realm?"
When King Yan heard Huo Yuner's words, he nodded and said, "In theory, yes. After passing through the Spiritual Beast Area, we will arrive at the central area of the island. We just need to find the entrance to the Feather Emperor's Secret Realm!"
In the second half of the journey, everyone didn't encounter any trouble. They passed through the Spiritual Beast Area easily. Then, everyone saw a magnificent scenery in front of their eyes!
The lines formed by various jades and rays of light outlined a world that was like a fairyland. Every pavilion emitted a riot of colors. Usually, if the colors were too rich, it would give people a feeling of vulgarity. However, the colors in front of them were perfectly matched. It didn't make people feel uncomfortable or dazzled!
"It's so beautiful!" When she saw the scenery, Huo Yuner was the first to rush in. Her eyes were shining with a riot of colors. Everyone's hearts were tense along the way. When they suddenly saw the beautiful scenery, everyone's mood was relaxed.
Luo Zheng also walked in slowly. He looked carefully at the buildings in front of him. The buildings of the Dragon Bloodline Clan were very exquisite. The materials of the buildings were mixed with various colors of luminous sand.
These luminous sand absorbed the sunlight during the day and refracted different rays of light at night. Even after thousands of years, they were still dazzling.
"The entrance is here." It wasn't King Yan's first time here. He was already used to it. After a glance, he led everyone to find the entrance to the Feather Emperor's Secret Realm.
＝＝＝＝＝

Chapter 823
The Dragon Bloodline Clan had once built a glorious civilization in the Heavenly Feather Sacred Ocean. Along the way, the group admired the buildings that were different from the style of the human race. Occasionally, someone would sigh.
"How great would it be if we could stay here forever?" Yue Ying couldn't help but sigh.
"Stay here …" Zuo Chuandong smiled and said, "The power of the blood sacrifice could directly crush you!"
Under the strong influence of the power of the blood sacrifice, only the members of the Dragon Bloodline Clan could survive here. There were rumors that the descendants of the Dragon Bloodline Clan were still living in the Heavenly Feather Sacred Ocean. However, it was ultimately just a rumor.
Luo Zheng ignored the scenery and followed closely behind King Yan. This time, Luo Zheng had to bring along enough Origin Stones of Life. This was also his main purpose in entering the Heavenly Feather Sacred Ocean.
Under King Yan's lead, the group saw a "pyramid" appear in front of them.
The shape of this pyramid was very unique. From the bottom to the top of the pyramid, there were many narrow doors that were as wide as a person and as tall as a person! On the top of this pyramid, there were many such narrow doors. These narrow doors could only allow one person to pass through. The person who built these narrow doors probably wanted only one person to pass through.
"Which door is the entrance?" Luo Zheng asked as he looked at the numerous narrow doors. He roughly estimated that there were at least tens of thousands of narrow doors on such a huge pyramid.
Unexpectedly, King Yan spread his hands and smiled. "They are all entrances. Every single door is an entrance!"
"So many doors …" Yue Ying looked at King Yan curiously.
King Yan smiled faintly and said, "This mine of the Dragon Bloodline Clan does indeed have tens of thousands of doors …"
Just as King Yan was explaining, the group suddenly saw an azure light circle appear on the upper side of the pyramid. Then, a few people fell from the light circle!
"Poof, poof, poof …"
These martial artists were also god-grade geniuses who had passed through the Arrow Stalling Area at the same time as Luo Zheng. Only about half of the martial artists had stayed in the Spirit Beast Area. The other half had directly chosen to pass through the Spirit Beast Area and come here. Therefore, they were the first to enter the mine.
Luo Zheng glanced at them. They were carrying golden-red pickaxes. "These guys, even their pickaxes are low-grade immortal tools?"
Hearing Luo Zheng's words, King Yan smiled and said, "Brother Tianxing, you are ignorant and inexperienced. The mine under the Dragon Vein Clan is totally different from what you imagined. Ordinary iron pickaxes can't dig it at all. You have to use an immortal weapon pickaxe to dig it."
In Luo Zheng's mind, a normal mine was a mixture of mud and stone. Even if there were extremely hard gangue in the ore bed, in the hands of a martial artist, wasn't it the same as mud? Why would he need an immortal artifact?
After those martial artists fell, they carried the pickaxes on their shoulders and rushed into the narrow doors of the pyramid again …
Seeing the puzzled expression on Luo Zheng's face, King Yan shook his head and said, "Alright, in a while, everyone will understand what is going on! Yue Ying, come and get your pickaxes! "
"What? They also want to mine? "Yue Ying said with a face full of reluctance.
King Yan naturally ignored Yue Ying's nonsense. He took out a pickaxe from his Sumeru Ring and threw it at Yue Ying.
Just now, those martial artists were holding low-grade immortal tools. Now, the pickaxe in King Yan's hand was even more ridiculous. It was actually a high-grade immortal tool …
Thinking that the weapon refiners of the Black Iron Divine Nation could actually refine such a strange thing, Luo Zheng could only sigh. The gap was really huge.
Huo Chen and Huo Yuner also distributed the pickaxes to the people they brought.
After King Yan distributed the pickaxes to Yue Ying, Lan Chen, and Zuo Chuandong, only Luo Zheng and King Yan did not have pickaxes in their hands.
However, King Yan chuckled and took out two azure pickaxes from his Sumeru Ring.
When Luo Zheng's eyes saw the pickaxes, his eyes flashed. These two pickaxes could actually be classified as low-grade immortal tools!
"Brother Tianxing, it is easy to get a low-grade immortal tool sword. However, I still spent a lot of effort to get a pair of pickaxes of this grade!" King Yan threw one of the pickaxes to Luo Zheng.
Luo Zheng waved the pickaxe in his hand a few times. The strange expression on his face became even more intense. He thought about how the Central Domain would often fight over a single immortal tool. However, King Yan had forcefully made it into something that could be used for mining.
"Brother Tianxing, you don't have to be too surprised. Our four Divine Nations would not waste materials on small pickaxes. However, this mine in the Jade Emperor Secret Realm is very special. If we are willing to spend a lot of money on pickaxes, we will definitely be able to make a profit!" As King Yan spoke, he walked toward the pyramid that was full of narrow doors. As he walked, he said to the crowd, "Let me demonstrate it to everyone first. When you enter the narrow door, you will fall into the mine …"
After King Yan finished speaking, he had already entered the narrow door at the bottom of the pyramid. Soon after, he disappeared …
"Hey, you went in halfway through your nonsense!" Yue Ying pouted and said helplessly.
Everyone was also puzzled. However, in less than ten breaths' time, King Yan, like the other warriors before him, fell from a light circle at the side of the pyramid and appeared in front of everyone.
At this moment, there was a fist-sized ore in King Yan's hand. King Yan shook it and smiled. "Fire Crystals. This thing is worthless!" After saying that, he casually threw the fist-sized ore to the side.
Seeing this scene, Luo Zheng became even more curious. Previously, Luo Zheng did not use the memory in his mind to search for the mystery within. However, at this moment, he could not resist this impulse. However, when he searched with his mind, he realized that there was no memory of this mine in the Will of the Vast Thousand World!
Unable to search, Luo Zheng frowned slightly. The Will of the Vast Thousand World recorded everything that happened in this Vast Thousand World. There were very few omissions. However, he did not know the origin of this mine.
Since he could not search for the relevant information, Luo Zheng decided to investigate it himself. He carried the Lower Grade Sacred Tool pickaxe and walked toward the narrow door at the bottom of the pyramid!
When Luo Zheng's figure disappeared into the narrow door, he suddenly felt himself falling crazily!
"Whoosh!"
While falling, Luo Zheng turned over and saw that there seemed to be a huge plant below him …
However, Luo Zheng was not sure what this thing was. It just looked like a huge plant. From the main stem of this plant, there were many slender branches extending out. At the end of the branches, there were many "leaves" that stretched out.
Whether it was the main stem of this "plant" or the "leaves", they were all shining with magnificent colors. The main color of this plant was azure blue, as if it was wrapped in a layer of crystal on the outermost layer. However, within the outermost layer, there were countless particles that were shining with different colors.
"This … What the hell is this?"
Just as this thought flashed in Luo Zheng's mind, he directly fell onto a "leaf"!
"These leaves seem to correspond to the narrow doors on the pyramids outside." Luo Zheng raised his head and took a look. He entered from the narrow door at the bottom of the pyramid and fell onto the leaf at the bottom of this plant!
"The bottom of this leaf seems to be wrapped with ores! Could it be that these ores are grown from the inside of this plant? " Luo Zheng's heart skipped a beat. He finally understood what those colorful particles were. Those should be various ores.
Luo Zheng raised his head and looked at this Sacred Tool tree. His face was full of awe. Nothing was too strange in this world. This tree itself probably did not produce ores. Did this tree extract ores from the depths of the earth through its roots?
The leaf under Luo Zheng's feet was wrapped with several different colored ores. He glanced around and did not find the Life Origin Stone he wanted. However, since he had entered, he naturally had to take away some ores. Therefore, Luo Zheng began to wave the pickaxe in his hand at the leaf!
"Kacha!" With a crisp sound, sparks flew in all directions.
When Luo Zheng's pickaxe hit the azure leaf, a crack suddenly appeared.

Chapter 824
Fortunately, Luo Zheng had a Low Grade Sacred Tool pickaxe in his hand, so it was not difficult for him to dig out the leaf. As Luo Zheng waved the pickaxe repeatedly, the cracks on the leaf suddenly burst open, and several unequal sized ores fell into Luo Zheng's hands!
These ores were not valuable. Even in the Central Domain, they could only be regarded as rare ores, but they were not among the best. In the four Divine Kingdoms, warriors at the level of King Yan would casually throw away these ores.
Luo Zheng did not have the habit of throwing things away. After he put away these ores, he hesitated for a while. Since he had dug out ores, he should be able to choose to leave here. But how could he leave now?
This place was neither touching the sky nor touching the ground …
But at this moment, Luo Zheng saw a warrior about four or five rows higher than him above his head. He was rapidly digging out the ores in the leaf. After he finished digging out the ores, the warrior jumped and fell into the void below.
But after a while, a ring spread out from the void like a ripple. At the same time, the warrior disappeared into it.
Thinking of the scene he saw on the side of the pyramid, Luo Zheng immediately understood. There must be a transmission array under this big tree that could allow warriors to return to the outside of the pyramid.
Therefore, Luo Zheng was ready to follow suit and jump up. But at this moment, Luo Zheng saw that among the roots of this big tree, there were also strange ores!
This big tree used its trunk to absorb a lot of ores, and then transmitted them to countless other trunks through its trunk, and finally to the leaf.
"If I were to cut off a section of this branch …" Luo Zheng had this thought in his mind.
Thinking of this, Luo Zheng suddenly jumped toward the branch. Just as Luo Zheng was about to take out his High Grade Sacred Tool long sword, an irresistible force suddenly pulled Luo Zheng down!
The speed of the force was so fast that Luo Zheng did not have much time to react. By the time he came back to his senses, he had already appeared at the side of the pyramid with a long sword and a pickaxe in his hands. King Yan was standing not far away, looking at him with a smile.
King Yan's gaze fell on Luo Zheng's long sword, and he chuckled. "It seems that you are planning to cut off the branches of this big tree. Countless people have tried before, but no one could do it!"
The four Divine Kingdoms had explored the Heavenly Feather Sacred Sea for so many years. Naturally, countless people had tried the method Luo Zheng could think of.
Cutting off the roots of this strange big tree was definitely much faster than digging out the ores in the leaves. However, no matter if it was a warrior of the False Tribulation Realm, a warrior of the Life and Death Realm, or even a mighty warrior of the Divine Sea Realm, no one could cut off the roots of this big tree.
Luo Zheng just smiled. Some things would only be clear after he tried. He put away his long sword, and this time, he looked at the pyramid in front of him in a proper way.
"If I guessed correctly, the ores excavated after entering the narrow door on the lower floors of this pyramid are of poor quality. The higher the floor, the better the ores excavated, right?" Luo Zheng asked.
King Yan nodded with a smile. "You are right. This pyramid has 47 floors, which correspond to the 47 leaves of the big tree. Every time you enter the narrow door, you can drop to any leaf to excavate the ores. The higher the floor, the better the quality and rarer the ores excavated. At the same time, the more difficult it is!"
"Which floor is the Origin Stone of Life on?" Luo Zheng suddenly asked.
He had traveled thousands of miles to the Divine Kingdom Continent to search for the Origin Stone of Life. As for the other ores, Luo Zheng was not very interested.
King Yan pointed at the pyramid and said, "The distribution of these ores is only a rough estimate. However, in principle, the Origin Stone of Life will only appear on the 25th floor and above. The higher the floor, the better the ores. However, the requirements for pickaxes are also higher. Moreover, some of the leaves are even dangerous."
After hearing King Yan's words, Luo Zheng's eyes flashed slightly. "In that case, I will go up too!"
At this moment, a group of warriors swarmed over. The person in the lead was Liu Xiu, whom he had met several times.
Previously, Liu Xiu had used the powerful Heavenly Thunder Halberd to fight against those resentful spirits. Even so, under the siege of so many resentful spirits, Liu Xiu was in a very difficult situation.
As the warriors clamored, they began to climb the pyramid. They took out their pickaxes and directly entered through the narrow doors on the 20th floor of the pyramid.
After they entered, Luo Zheng kept jumping up and down the pyramid. In his heart, he was silently counting the number of floors he had climbed. Since King Yan said that the Origin Stone of Life would only appear on the 25th floor, he naturally chose the 25th floor.
The higher the floor, the fewer the number of narrow doors on the pyramid. The first floor had thousands of narrow doors. After reaching the 25th floor, there were less than 100 narrow doors on the pyramid.
Luo Zheng randomly chose a narrow door and entered. The moment he stepped into the narrow door, he began to fall rapidly. Then, a light flashed in front of him and he fell directly into a leaf.
Now, Luo Zheng was occupying the upper middle section of the big tree. Standing here, Luo Zheng could overlook all the leaves below.
However, his gaze swept across for a while and then he looked at the leaf below his feet. He wanted to find the Origin Stone of Life, the kind of ancient jade that looked like an egg.
At a glance, he could see that the leaf contained a lot of ores. The ores of this level seemed to contain a strange power. Some of the ores even had a faint power of law flowing on the surface. At a glance, it was extraordinary.
However, Luo Zheng's eyes still showed disappointment. "No Origin Stone of Life …" Perhaps it was because of disappointment, Luo Zheng did not even have the mood to excavate the ores in the leaf.
Thinking of this, Luo Zheng jumped and then began to fall rapidly. After a while, Luo Zheng appeared on the side of the pyramid again.
Below the pyramid, more and more warriors gathered. King Yan had probably also begun to excavate the ores. This time, Luo Zheng did not see him.
Since he did not find the Origin Stone of Life on the 25th floor, Luo Zheng simply increased the height by three floors and went directly to the 28th floor of the pyramid!
When Luo Zheng reached the 28th floor, many warriors gathered below began to whisper.
"That Luo Tianxing actually chose the 28th floor as soon as he came up …"
"He has the ability! With the strength he displayed, I'm afraid he can contend with some Life and Death experts. What's wrong with the 28th floor? "
"Yes, below the 30th floor is not a big problem. However, above the 30th floor, I'm afraid it'll be difficult!"
While everyone was discussing, Luo Zheng entered the narrow door of the 28th floor. However, after a few breaths, his figure once again fell from the halo on the side of the pyramid. At the same time, a depressed expression appeared on his face.
Obviously, the Origin Stone of Life that Luo Zheng needed was not found on the 28th floor.
This made Luo Zheng somewhat depressed. The number of Origin Stones he needed was not one or two. According to Luo Zheng's estimation, if he wanted to completely replenish Ning Yudie's life force, he would need at least a thousand Origin Stones. If he continued to excavate with such a probability, it would be a problem for him to obtain one or two hundred Origin Stones of Life in the end.
After falling from the halo, Luo Zheng continued to carry the pickaxe and climbed to the 29th floor.
"What is this Luo Tianxing trying to do?"
"I guess he's looking for some kind of ore."
This time, Luo Zheng directly fell on a leaf on the 29th floor. When his feet touched the leaf, his eyes flashed with a light, and a faint smile appeared on his face.
Origin Stone of Life, he had finally found it!
This azure leaf was about one zhang wide and one zhang thick. It looked like a huge blue crystal. In the center of this azure leaf, there were many egg-like ancient jades sealed inside. Impressively, these were the Origin Stones Luo Zheng was looking for!
Luo Zheng casually counted and found that there were sixteen Origin Stones of Life wrapped inside the leaf. Although it was far from the number he needed, it was still a lot. He could accumulate them.

Chapter 825
The 16 Life Source Stones in the leaf formed a circle, wrapping around the shiny object. That object emitted a dazzling light, making it difficult for Luo Zheng to distinguish it.
Without thinking too much, Luo Zheng raised the pickaxe high in the air.
"Kacha!"
He already knew that the higher the layer of the leaf, the thicker it was, and the bluer it was. At the same time, it was also more solid!
However, the firmness of this leaf still exceeded Luo Zheng's expectations. He smashed it so heavily, but it didn't even leave a mark …
"This …" Luo Zheng's face revealed a stunned expression.
Although he was only holding a low-grade Saint artifact pickaxe in his hand, when combined with Luo Zheng's own strength, even if he didn't use astral essence to erupt, he would still be able to easily split apart a mountain. Yet, this leaf in front of him was actually this hard?
However, he had found these Life Source Stones with great difficulty, so how could Luo Zheng give up?
Thinking of this, Luo Zheng suddenly erupted with the power of the 100 dragon scales in his body. He once again swung the pickaxe in his hand, smashing it heavily at the leaf!
"Kacha!"
Under the ferocious smashing of the pickaxe, a crack appeared on the leaf.
"It's only so-so!" A faint smile appeared on Luo Zheng's face. Seeing that his attack was effective, he continued to swing the pickaxe. With each smash, more and more cracks appeared on the leaf. With the last heavy blow from Luo Zheng, a shattering sound was heard!
At this time, he used the pickaxe to remove the broken parts, revealing the Life Source Stones below.
Looking at the Life Source Stones, Luo Zheng's eyes instantly softened. Ning Yudie was waiting for this thing to save her life. Therefore, Luo Zheng carefully put the Life Source Stones into his spatial ring. After collecting the Life Source Stones, Luo Zheng's eyes stopped on the shiny object.
Just now, Luo Zheng couldn't see clearly through the thick leaf, but now he saw that it was a square crystal. The light inside was like water, constantly swaying, reflecting a bright white light.
"I don't know what kind of ore it is, but I'll take it first!" Luo Zheng didn't think too much about it. After putting the shiny ore into his bag, he jumped again and plunged down into the void below. As the circle flashed, Luo Zheng fell down from the side of the pyramid.
After Luo Zheng steadied himself, he saw Huo Chen, Huo Yuner, and King Yan.
The King of Yan smiled at Luo Zheng. Just as he was about to ask Luo Zheng if he had gained anything, he suddenly heard a scream from the side!
"Wow! So beautiful! "
"The Crown Prince is truly blessed by the heavens! The first time I entered, I found a Stone Fire! "
"Liu Xiu, I'm willing to pay a high price for this stone fire of yours. Are you willing to sell it to me?"
Under such a clamor, the attention of Luo Zheng, King of Yan, and the others was immediately attracted. They saw that Liu Xiu was holding a round stone in his hand. There was a faint flame lingering in the stone, which looked very strange!
King of Yan glanced at it indifferently, then said to Luo Zheng, "Liu Xiu is lucky to have found a Stone Fire!"
The Stone Fire was a kind of treasure that could be used to refine Divine Weapons of the Fire Element. Moreover, it was also very useful for weapon refiners. In the Black Iron Divine Kingdom, one Stone Fire could only be exchanged with five Upper Grade Sacred Weapons!
"This is not luck! This is the luck of the Crown Prince of the Great Yu Divine Kingdom! Those little ants can't compare with him! "A god-level genius of the Great Yu Divine Kingdom said coldly.
Luo Zheng had made the Great Yu Divine Kingdom lose face this time. Putting aside the personal grudges, Luo Zheng naturally received the hostility of the warriors of the Great Yu Divine Kingdom. If it weren't for the fact that they were not strong enough, they would have swarmed up and torn Luo Zheng to pieces …
Hearing this, Luo Zheng smiled faintly. Who knew that Huo Chen would say, "Isn't it just a Stone Fire? I also found one! "
Huo Chen also took out a round stone and casually tossed it in the air. Moreover, the one in Huo Chen's hand seemed to be bigger than the one in Liu Xiu's hand!
Huo Chen's talent was not as good as his sister's, and his character was very dull. However, his luck was indeed very strong. He didn't have much time to dig out such a big Stone Fire.
Liu Xiu snorted coldly and shifted his gaze to Luo Zheng. As the Crown Prince, he didn't say anything, but the people beside him naturally understood his meaning. Someone sneered and said, "I wonder what Luo Tianxing of the Black Iron Divine Kingdom has found? Can he let everyone take a look? "
Luo Zheng's face was like a zombie's. He glanced at the group of people indifferently. These god-level geniuses were really bored. They had dug out some ores, but they still took them out to compare. Luo Zheng really didn't want to use the word "childish" to describe their behavior …
However, after thinking about it, he accepted it. Although the four Divine Kingdoms were several times larger than the Central Domain, there was no war between the Divine Kingdoms. Even killing was rare. In comparison, although these god-level geniuses were talented, their degree of maturity was far from that of the Central Domain, let alone the chaotic Sea God Continent.
Was it better to say that these god-level geniuses were happy? Or was it better to say that they didn't want to improve themselves …
Luo Zheng shook his head and replied, "What does it have to do with you what I dug out? I have no comment! "
"It seems like you didn't find anything. I guess your luck is bad and you don't have the face to take it out?" the person said sarcastically.
"Boring." Luo Zheng rolled his eyes. These god-level geniuses were so childish. He couldn't lower himself and be as childish as them.
But at this time, Huo Yuner quietly walked over. She suddenly stretched out her hand towards Luo Zheng and said with a smile, "Stretch out your hand!"
"What?" Luo Zheng was stunned. He reflexively stretched out his hand.
"Both hands!" Huo Yuner continued.
Luo Zheng was puzzled. What did Huo Yuner mean by this? But he still stretched out his hands and made a gesture.
He saw Huo Yuner's jade-like hands gently shake. From the spatial ring on her finger, things constantly fell into Luo Zheng's hands!
These were actually life source stones!
Life source stones were different from other ores. They were very easy to break. Seeing the life source stones fall out of Huo Yuner's spatial ring, Luo Zheng carefully held them in his hands, afraid that they would fall to the ground.
Soon, over 20 life source stones appeared in his hands …
"I'll give them to you!" Huo Yuner smiled.
She was also extremely careful. After the battle at the West Dragon River, Zhou Huang had said that Luo Zheng needed life source stones. She had firmly remembered this. At this time, she had actually dug up a lot of life source stones. As for whether she had taken the initiative to look for them or unintentionally dug them up, it was unknown.
Luo Zheng might refuse other things, but for life source stones, Luo Zheng would never refuse.
Many nearby martial artists saw Huo Yuner so generously give the life source stones to Luo Zheng, and their eyes revealed envy. Although life source stones were not as precious as fire source stones, they were still very valuable …
Luo Zheng didn't want to accept benefits from others for no reason, but he had only dug up a dozen life source stones. He couldn't just take them out as gifts. Thinking of this, a smile suddenly appeared on his face. He said, "Thank you. Since that's the case, I also have something to give you!"
When he was digging up the life source stones just now, there was a shiny thing in the middle. Luo Zheng didn't know what it was. He just thought that this thing was shiny and very beautiful, and it was suitable to give it to Huo Yuner.
But just as Luo Zheng took out the shiny thing, King Yan suddenly spat out a mouthful of air and coughed violently a few times. Then he looked at Luo Zheng in horror and asked, "Brother Tianxing, are you sure you want to give this thing to Huo Yuner?"
The cube that Luo Zheng took out was very eye-catching, so in an instant, everyone's eyes were focused on the cube that was shining with a bright white light between his index finger and thumb!
Almost everyone widened their eyes and stared at that thing. The eyes of these god-rank geniuses were filled with envy, greed, and unconcealable jealousy.
＝＝＝＝＝

Chapter 826
Luo Zheng did not know the value of this item. He was just a little embarrassed to accept Huo Yuner's gift.
However, at this moment, Luo Zheng felt that something was amiss when he saw the gazes of these god-level geniuses …
Could this small, square stone be very valuable?
Seeing that Luo Zheng did not answer his question, King Yan swallowed his saliva and asked, "Brother Luo Zheng, are you sure you want to give it to Huo Yuner?"
Luo Zheng smiled faintly and said, "Of course."
"But the value of this item is almost immeasurable …" King Yan reminded him again.
King Yan originally wanted to say that the Life Origin Stone could not be compared to the stone in his hand, but he did not want to say it too bluntly.
"To me, the Life Origin Stone is the most important thing. The other ores are not important. I'll give it to you!" After saying that, Luo Zheng threw the shiny, square stone over.
Seeing that Luo Zheng threw it out so casually, many warriors wanted to stretch out their hands and hold the shiny stone in their hands. Of course, Luo Zheng threw it very accurately. Naturally, he would not throw it to anyone other than Huo Yuner.
Although Liu Xiu and the others showed greed in their eyes, they did not dare to snatch it here. After all, the rules of the four Divine Kingdoms were much stricter than the rules of the Central Domain. If they snatched it, they would be in trouble.
Huo Yuner's eyes flashed with a strange color. Looking at the stone in his hand, he smiled and said, "Luo Tianxing, do you really not know what this is?"
Luo Zheng shook his head.
"Phew …" Huo Yuner exhaled and said with a smile, "It seems that you are really not from the four Divine Kingdoms!"
At this moment, Huo Yuner completely confirmed that Luo Zheng was not from the four Divine Kingdoms through this shiny stone. However, it was no longer important whether Luo Zheng was a native warrior of the four Divine Kingdoms or not.
Luo Zheng smiled and did not say anything. However, from Huo Yuner's tone, it seemed that he had indeed unearthed something strange …
"This shiny thing is called the Eye of Heavenly Splendor! Erm … That's it. It's too precious. I can't accept it! " As she spoke, Huo Yuner threw the item to Luo Zheng. Then, she smiled at King of Yan and said, "King of Yan, please explain to him! The Black Iron Divine Kingdom should know best! "
King of Yan smiled faintly and said, "The most powerful weapon refiner in Black Iron Divine Kingdom can only refine a weapon at the level of a Semi-Divine Weapon. Even with all the resources we have, we can't refine a real Divine Weapon!"
The Black Iron Divine Nation was famous for its artificers. They represented the highest level of artificers in the four Divine Nations.
Since the Black Iron Divine Nation could only refine demigod tools, then none of the four Divine Nations could refine divine tools.
Until one day, a Life and Death Realm warrior dug out such a shiny stone from the Feather Emperor Secret Realm!
In the beginning, those weapon craftsmen could not integrate the stone into their weapons. Therefore, the stone was considered useless. However, the stone could not be destroyed by swords or fire. It also had a strange characteristic. Therefore, many weapon craftsmen were interested in it.
Later, a weapon craftsman named Zhong Tianhui finally discovered its secret and successfully used the stone to refine the first Divine Weapon in the four Divine Kingdoms!
In order to commemorate this weapon craftsman named Zhong Tianhui, the square stone was named the Eye of Heavenly Splendor. As for this weapon craftsman's fate, let's not talk about it for now.
Later on, whenever a warrior found an Eye of Heavenly Splendor in the Emperor of Feathers' Secret Realm, a brand new Divine Weapon would be born in the four Divine Kingdoms! The Emperor of Feathers' Secret Realm had produced seven Eyes of Heavenly Splendor. Therefore, there were seven Divine Weapons in the four Divine Kingdoms!
In other words, the value of an Eye of Heavenly Splendor was almost equivalent to a Divine Weapon!
Therefore, the value of this shiny stone could be imagined! This was also the reason why everyone's eyes were so hot!
Even the crown prince of a Divine Kingdom did not have a Divine Weapon. Liu Xiu, the crown prince of the Great Yu Divine Kingdom did not have one. Huo Chen, the crown prince of the Sky Wind Divine Kingdom did not have one. Even the crown prince of the Black Iron Divine Kingdom, Zhou Ning, who was famous for his weapon craftsmen, did not have one!
If they could bring back an Eye of Heavenly Splendor, with their status, there was a high possibility that they could get a Divine Weapon. Even if they could not get a Divine Weapon, they would be greatly rewarded!
Unfortunately …
Unfortunately, it was Luo Zheng who had dug it out.
They did not dare to snatch from the other crown princes and important princes. However, they dared to snatch from the god-level geniuses from the Martial Houses!
Luo Zheng was not a crown prince or a prince. The problem was that his strength was obvious. Who would dare to snatch from him? It was probably because they were tired of living.
After listening to King Yan's explanation, Luo Zheng gradually understood. However, his heart was still very calm. Even if it was a Divine Weapon, to Luo Zheng, it was only a worldly possession. A warrior's strength was the most important thing.
Since Huo Yuner was determined to retreat, Luo Zheng could not force him to accept it. Afterward, he casually stuffed this so-called Eye of Heavenly Splendor into his Sumeru Ring.
"I will continue to mine!" Luo Zheng said to King Yan with a smile.
King Yan asked, "No problem. You just have to pay attention to the activity below the thirtieth layer. Don't go above the thirtieth layer."
"Why?" Luo Zheng's face revealed a puzzled expression.
"Above the thirtieth layer is the area where Life and Death Realm warriors are active. For False Tribulation Realm warriors, it is life-threatening," King Yan replied.
This big tree was divided into forty-seven layers. Above the thirtieth layer was the layer where Life and Death Realm warriors could enter. Above the fortieth layer, only Divine Sea Realm warriors could enter. Therefore, most False Tribulation Realm warriors were active below the thirtieth layer.
Although the higher the layer, the better the quality of the ore. However, above the thirtieth layer, the hardness of the leaves was unimaginable. Ordinary False Tribulation Realm warriors could not dig through them at all!
"Hehe, you don't even dare to enter the thirtieth layer. In any case, you have defeated a little monster. You don't have to be so afraid of death, right?" Liu Xiu sneered coldly. Then, he dashed toward the top of the pyramid. On his shoulder, there was an exaggeratedly shaped pickaxe. The front and back of the pickaxe were constantly emitting flames. It was actually a high-grade Sacred Weapon.
After Liu Xiu jumped several times, he directly climbed to the thirtieth layer of the pyramid. He found a narrow door and immediately went in.
"Don't listen to his provocation. The current layer is enough to find the Life Origin Stone." King Yan was worried that Luo Zheng would really climb above the thirtieth layer after being provoked.
Luo Zheng smiled faintly. He understood King Yan's concern. However, how could he be provoked by such a childish trick? There was not much time left. Finding the Life Origin Stone was more important …
Therefore, Luo Zheng once again entered the narrow door on the twenty-ninth layer of the pyramid.
Overall, Luo Zheng's luck was not bad. He did not gain anything the second time he entered, but on his third time, he found a nest of Life Origin Stones!
Then, Luo Zheng quickly smashed the leaves and put the Life Origin Stones into his spatial ring.
Luo Zheng found that the Life Origin Stones either did not appear, or when they did, there would be nests of them. When there were fewer, there would be a dozen of them. When there were more, there would be dozens of them!
Then, Luo Zheng continuously entered the narrow door and fell out of the light circle. Ten times, twenty times, thirty times …
Gradually, Luo Zheng accumulated two to three hundred Life Origin Stones in his spatial ring. However, this number was still some distance away from Luo Zheng's goal. The most troublesome thing was that he had searched all the leaves on the twenty-ninth layer. He was almost certain that there were no more Life Origin Stones on the twenty-ninth layer.
Luo Zheng also searched the twenty-eighth layer and only found a nest of Life Origin Stones. As for the twenty-seventh layer, Luo Zheng did not find any at all.
Seeing that time was passing and he had only completed a quarter of his goal, Luo Zheng turned his gaze to the thirtieth layer. Even if the thirtieth layer was difficult as King Yan said, it should not be difficult for Luo Zheng.

Chapter 827
After returning to the side of the pyramid, Luo Zheng prepared to head towards the 30th level of the pyramid.
Every time Luo Zheng came out, he would always find a large group of people chatting here. Luo Zheng was curious. Why weren't these people mining ores, but instead just looking around?
However, when Luo Zheng came out this time, he discovered that these fellows had gathered here to trade the ores in their hands.
He didn't know where this tree had sucked up ores from, but there were many different types of ores. Through trading, everyone could naturally get what they needed.
Just as Luo Zheng was about to climb up, he suddenly thought of something and walked towards the group of people.
When Luo Zheng walked over, the group of people suddenly stopped talking.
This time, Luo Zheng had been in the limelight. He had left an extremely deep impression in the minds of the young god-rank geniuses.
Luo Zheng was too lazy to pay attention to them. He took out some ores from his spatial ring and piled them on the ground. Then, he said, "Whoever digs out a life source stone can trade with me."
Most of these god-rank geniuses were active on the 20th level and above. But, their limit was the 25th or 26th level. With their strength, they simply couldn't dig through the solid leaves and naturally couldn't take out the ores.
Luo Zheng had been active on the 29th level. Besides the life source stone, he would also casually dig out any ores with beautiful colors.
Combined with a low-grade saint artifact level pickaxe and a small amount of dragon scale power, Luo Zheng didn't find it particularly difficult to dig out ores.
The higher the level, the better the ores that could be dug out. Other ores were useless to Luo Zheng, but there was no lack of rare ores. Some ores were even worth as much as the life source stone.
So when Luo Zheng threw out the scattered life source stones, some of the martial artists' eyes suddenly shot out a strange light.
Some of these ores were exactly what they needed!
Many warriors were attracted by the pile of ores on the ground. One of them pointed at the pile of ores and said, "I don't have a Life Origin Stone. You name a price for this emerald green ore. I can buy it from you with a top grade True Essence Hand."
These Divine rank geniuses were all geniuses from fifth-grade aristocratic families, so they were naturally wealthy. They might not have Life Origin Stones, but they had many top grade true essence stones.
Luo Zheng shook his head indifferently and said: "My ores can only be traded, not sold. If you want to take them away, you have to exchange them with the Life Origin Stone."
When the cultivator heard Luo Zheng's words, a look of disbelief appeared on his face. He immediately shouted, "Two hundred top-grade True Origin Stones."
Hearing this, Luo Zheng didn't even lift his eyelids. He was too lazy to explain his words to Deaf twice.
"Three hundred, three hundred top grade True Essence Stones." When the martial artist saw Luo Zheng's expression, he probably felt that he had been humiliated, so he immediately increased the price by 50%.
The expression on Luo Zheng's face remained unchanged.
"Four hundred!" The martial artist increased the price by another 100. In fact, the price of this turquoise in the outside world was about 500 top-grade True Origin Stones. This was the place where ores were produced, so the purchase price would naturally be much lower.
However, Luo Zheng still didn't move. Instead, he continued to look around and then said: "I don't have much time. If you have Life Origin Stones, you can exchange them with me."
"Kid, what do you mean? My purchase price is not low! " The martial artist said coldly. His eyes also revealed an unfriendly look. He found that he was completely ignored by Luo Zheng. A dark red color appeared on his face. Martial artists at this age were the most prideful. The most intolerable thing was to be ignored by others.
Hearing the martial artist's question, Luo Zheng revealed a sarcastic smile on his face. He stared at the martial artist and said: "Didn't you understand my words? Only trade, not sell! I'll say it again. If you want it, then exchange it with the Life Origin Stone! If you don't have the Life Origin Stone, then don't join in the fun. Do you understand now? "
At this time, the martial artist suddenly realized that this kid in front of him was a guy who even dared to provoke a mighty warrior of the Divine Sea Realm. How could he afford to offend him? Therefore, he was so annoyed by Luo Zheng that his face turned red and white. Finally, he retreated to the side in dejection.
Just as the martial artist retreated, another martial artist said to Luo Zheng: "I have 10 Life Origin Stones. I want to exchange them with your Green Mist Stone. How about that?"
The martial artist was referring to a green ore near Luo Zheng's feet. The ore's surface was covered with wisps of green. It looked transparent, but if one looked carefully, one would find that the middle was hazy.
Luo Zheng smiled, "Deal!" Then he pointed his finger and that Green Mist Stone flew straight towards the other party.
He was not afraid that the other party would go back on his word. As for whether or not 10 Life Origin Stones could be exchanged for one Green Mist Stone, Luo Zheng did not consider it.
That martial artist knew how powerful Luo Zheng was. How could he dare to fool Luo Zheng? He straightforwardly took out 10 Life Origin Stones and gave them to Luo Zheng. He revealed a pleasantly surprised expression. Obviously, he had made a profit.
Seeing this scene, some martial artists secretly cursed Luo Zheng as an idiot. This exchange was a loss. However, they would not remind Luo Zheng.
"Anyone else who has a Life Origin Stone can exchange it with me." Seeing the other party's expression, Luo Zheng knew in his heart that the Life Origin Stone was far more significant to Luo Zheng than other ores. No matter how high the price, it was worth it.
Seeing that Luo Zheng was so easy to talk to, some martial artists also became restless. Although there weren't many Life Origin Stones, there were still several martial artists who had dug them up. One of them pointed at the golden ore beneath Luo Zheng's feet and said, "I have six Life Origin Stones here. How about I exchange this with you?"
Luo Zheng was just about to nod his head in agreement when a crisp voice floated over, "Six Life Origin Stones in exchange for one 'unpolished gold'. You are too good at doing business!"
The one who spoke was Yue Ying who had just returned from the circle of light. She saw Luo Zheng casually throw a pile of ores on the ground and exchange with someone.
Among the pile of ores in front of Luo Zheng, that golden unpolished gold was the most valuable one! Such a large piece of unpolished gold could be sold for at least 4000 top grade true essence stones!
The martial artist who had offered the price heard Yue Ying's words and his face darkened.
But Yue Ying did not have the slightest fear. Instead, she coldly said to the martial artist, "What? You want to fight? Brother Tianxing can stab you to death with a single finger! If you want a piece of 'unpolished gold', you have to take out at least 80 Life Origin Stones to exchange for it! "
Hearing Yue Ying use him to threaten the other party, Luo Zheng's face revealed a helpless expression. Luo Zheng did not expect the other party to take out 80 Life Origin Stones. Even if there were only six Life Origin Stones, for Ning Yudie, he would exchange without hesitation.
When the other party heard this threat, he could only grit his teeth and say, "I don't have that many Life Origin Stones! I only have twelve of them! "
"You clearly have 12, but you left behind six. I'm afraid you are bullying Brother Tianxing for not knowing how to distinguish between these ores and want to exchange for this Golden Warmth Stone?" Yue Ying bent down and picked up a slender golden ore, waving it at the martial artist.
Having his thoughts seen through by Yue Ying, the martial artist's expression was extremely unnatural. Before he could speak, Yue Ying spoke first, "How about this. For this piece of unpolished gold, I'll give you 3500 top grade true essence stones in addition to the 12 Life Origin Stones in your hands! Nonnegotiable! "
"You …" Originally, he could have obtained six Life Origin Stones, but this woman had forcefully messed up his plans. How could he not be depressed? Moreover, he did plan to use the remaining six Life Origin Stones to exchange for the Golden Warmth Stone …
Unfortunately, he could not do anything to Yue Ying!
However, 3500 top grade true essence stones in addition to 12 Life Origin Stones … he still had some profit. Wanting this, he clenched his teeth and said, "Alright, deal!"
After Yue Ying and the martial artist completed the transaction, Luo Zheng took the 12 Life Origin Stones from her hands, but blocked the top grade true essence stones. "Thank you. This is your reward. I don't need it …"
"You're really stupid!" Yue Ying stuffed the top grade true essence stones into Luo Zheng's hands and said, "Besides bartering, you can also use the top grade true essence stones to purchase other people's Life Origin Stones! Moreover, the Life Origin Stones are dug up in a nest. At the very least, there are eight or ten. It's very rare to see someone dig up six. He said he has six in his hands, so he's obviously hiding it and trying to extort you … "
Being reprimanded by Yue Ying like this, Luo Zheng was a little dazed. This woman was much more shrewd than Luo Zheng had imagined.
However, Luo Zheng could not be blamed. He did not understand the market price of these ores, and Yue Ying was a martial artist of the Black Iron Divine Kingdom. Since she was young, she had come into contact with and identified these ores. Moreover, these ores were produced in the Heavenly Feather Sacred Sea. Luo Zheng was unable to inquire about them through the memories of the world's will.

Chapter 828
With such a shrewd woman helping him take care of these ores, he didn't care about the value of the ores. As for the commission, he didn't care about it at all. On the contrary, he was very happy.
Thus, Luo Zheng immediately nodded and said with a smile, "Alright, then I'll leave this to you!"
Yue Ying's strength wasn't enough. Adding on the fact that female martial artists were generally weaker than male martial artists, she could only mine ores from the nineteenth to the twentieth layer. Even if she painstakingly dug for half a day, she might not be able to dig out anything good. Helping Luo Zheng take care of these ores could be considered as' making the best use of people '.
After Luo Zheng left, Yue Ying's elegant eyebrows slightly raised. Then, she sweetly smiled at the numerous martial artists, "Friends, you can choose as much as you want. I have a discounted price here! However, Life Origin Ores take priority! "
Hearing Yue Ying's crisp words, the martial artists rolled their eyes one by one. Apart from the first person who picked up a bargain, the others were a step slower. Fortunately, the woman's price wasn't too outrageous. Some people still surrounded Yue Ying and picked the ores they liked.
Luo Zheng flew up the pyramid and quickly entered the thirtieth layer.
Generally, only Life and Death experts could enter the thirtieth layer. After passing through the narrow door, Luo Zheng instantly landed on one of the leaves.
The leaves on the thirtieth layer were twice as wide as those on the twenty-ninth layer. The higher the tree's leaves went, the wider the leaves became, and the deeper the color. At the same time, the leaves became harder and harder to dig.
However, just as Luo Zheng landed on the leaf, he immediately felt an intense killing intent!
"Squeak squeak squeak …"
On this leaf, there was a big bug flickering with emerald green light.
That bug was as tall as two people. It had six legs and a pair of brown compound eyes on its head. Its abdomen was covered with scales flickering with azure light.
When Luo Zheng stood on the leaf, that bug pounced at Luo Zheng!
Seeing this huge bug, Luo Zheng's expression slightly changed. His brows also wrinkled. Didn't all the creatures in the Heavenly Feather Sacred Ocean have been sacrificed? Why were there still creatures here?
"Ka!"
That bug's spear-like foreleg stabbed at Luo Zheng. That sharp spike actually pierced a small hole in the leaf!
"What sharp forelegs! What great strength! "
Even for the 29th layer of leaves, Luo Zheng had to activate more than a hundred dragon scales before he could break them open with a Holy-ranked pickaxe. The 30th layer of leaves should be even tougher!
But, this insect's attack had actually pierced a small hole in the ground. The sharpness of its forelegs was comparable to a Saint artifact, and its strength was probably no weaker than an ordinary Life and Death realm martial artist!
It was no wonder that King Yan had told Luo Zheng that the mines above level 30 were not suitable for ordinary Virtual Tribulation Realm warriors to mine.
After the insect spread its wings, it rushed at Luo Zheng. Luo Zheng's figure flashed slightly, instantly avoiding the front leg that was poking at him.
When he was in the Eastern Region, Luo Zheng had dealt with many blade insects. The strength of blade insects naturally couldn't be compared to the insect in front of him. However, the weakness of all insects should be in their abdomens. Just look at the abdomen covered with scales.
Therefore, after avoiding the awl-like forelegs, Luo Zheng leaned close to the insect's abdomen and slapped out with his palm!
Due to the burst of Vital Essence, this palm strike was fast and ruthless. With a "crack", a large piece of scales on the insect's abdomen was directly shattered by Luo Zheng.
"Squeak squeak …"
The giant insect let out a miserable shriek, but it suddenly spread its wings and retreated.
"Huh!"
After Luo Zheng smashed the scales on its abdomen, he saw that its transparent abdomen seemed to be filled with various colored ores!
"Does this insect live on ores? Is this thing a living creature … "Luo Zheng sighed in his heart, but his figure flashed and he didn't slow down in his pursuit. Since there were many ores in this insect's body, Luo Zheng didn't have to search for them leaf by leaf.
However, this big insect was very cunning. With a flap of its wings, it directly jumped from one leaf to another!
At this time, Luo Zheng was at his wit's end …
As long as he left this leaf, Luo Zheng would be pulled back by a tremendous gravitational force. At the same time, he would fall outside through the circle of light. Then, he would have to climb up the pyramid again and enter the narrow door.
Luo Zheng simply couldn't resist this tremendous gravitational force. Naturally, he couldn't jump from one leaf to another.
"Squeak squeak!" The big insect seemed to know that Luo Zheng couldn't chase after it, so it raised its two spear-like forelegs and constantly provoked Luo Zheng.
With Luo Zheng's current temperament, even if some martial artists provoked him, he would turn a blind eye to it, let alone a big insect. His expression was indifferent, but he began to look at the ores in this leaf. If this damned big insect dared to fly over, Luo Zheng naturally wouldn't let it go.
In this wide leaf, Luo Zheng also looked around. His eyes revealed a look of disappointment. This leaf didn't have any Origin Stones of Life, but he still found a few pieces of colorful and special shaped ores. So, he waved his pickaxe and dug them out of the leaf.
The hardness of the 30th layer was much higher than that of the 29th layer, but it was still within the range that Luo Zheng could accept. He only needed to use the power of 300 dragon scales to dig out this leaf.
After Luo Zheng dug out several pieces of ores, he shook his head and saw that the big insect seemed to be using its two spear-like forelegs to poke at these leaves. After a while, it poked a big hole in the leaf. Then, it lowered its head and swallowed the ores in one gulp.
"This big insect really lives by eating ores!" Luo Zheng stared at the big insect. Suddenly, his eyes flashed. That big insect was only on the leaf next door, not far from Luo Zheng. From here, he could clearly see the big insect's transparent abdomen. Looking in from the abdomen, Luo Zheng saw dozens of Origin Stones of Life! With a rough estimate, there were at least 50 to 60 of them!
"Origin Stones of Life!"
Luo Zheng clenched his hands. It seemed that he had to kill this big insect. Thinking of this, Luo Zheng jumped down. At the same time, Luo Zheng looked back. That big insect didn't care about his movements. It still lowered its head and swallowed the ores.
The moment he fell into the circle of light, Luo Zheng appeared at the side of the pyramid. He was about to climb up the pyramid when he heard Yue Ying shout from the side, "Brother Tianxing! I've already helped you exchange for ten Origin Stones of Life! There are also two thousand top grade True Origin Stones. "
The god-rank geniuses who came here had a lot of top grade True Origin Stones in their hands, but the number of Origin Stones of Life was not many.
Luo Zheng nodded. He lightly touched the spatial ring in his hand, and seven or eight ores flew towards Yue Ying. He, on the other hand, rushed up the pyramid.
"Ah, Purple Net Crystal, New Moon Stone, and Jade Water Heart Stone …" While those ores were still in the air, Yue Ying had already called out the names of most of the ores.
When the other martial artists heard Yue Ying's words, they also swarmed up. When they saw these ores clearly, each and every one of their faces revealed an extremely unbalanced expression.
"What kind of dog shit luck does this Luo Tianxing have! Even if it's the 30th floor, it's impossible to dig up so many good things at once! "
"Yes, we also have several martial artists who entered the 30th floor and above. They broke two pickaxes and only dug out some sparse and ordinary things. How could this guy …"
"Let's not talk about his strength, his luck is also so good. God is really unfair!"
Luck was one of the easiest things to be envied by others. Most people would admire the strength of a powerhouse, but if the other party relied on luck to achieve a certain level of success, it was inevitable that they would feel unbalanced in their hearts. It was just that they didn't know that for a very small number of people in this universe, luck was a part of strength!
The reason why Luo Zheng rushed up was naturally to target that big bug. He quickly rushed up, found the narrow door from before, and then went in through the narrow door next door.
Each narrow door corresponded to a leaf of this big tree, and the narrow door next door corresponded to the leaf next door. If Luo Zheng's speed was fast enough, that big bug should still be engrossed in devouring the ores.
＝＝＝＝＝

Chapter 829
Luo Zheng quickly passed through the narrow door and fell straight down.
While falling, Luo Zheng's eyes were firmly locked on the leaf. He could see that the big bug was bowing its head and swallowing the ores in the leaf!
One hundred Zhang, fifty Zhang, ten Zhang …
Luo Zheng's fists began to accumulate power!
"Kill!"
Luo Zheng longed for the Life Source Stone. Even if this big bug only had one Life Source Stone in its body, Luo Zheng still wanted to kill it!
His attack was wrapped in the impact force of falling, and at the same time, he activated the power of five hundred dragon scales!
This punch was aimed at the big bug's back, but the moment Luo Zheng approached, the big bug seemed to have some kind of special premonition. Its two hind legs suddenly stomped, and with a roll, it dodged the punch!
"Bang!"
Luo Zheng's huge fist directly hit the leaf, and the huge leaf and the roots next to it shook unceasingly.
"Zhi Zhi Zhi!"
The big bug kept a distance of two Zhang from Luo Zheng, and it was still waving its sharp forelegs, provoking Luo Zheng.
Luo Zheng looked at the leaf under his feet. The punch just now had caused many cracks to appear on the leaf, but he still couldn't find the Life Source Stone.
His body's hardness was comparable to a sacred tool, and mixed with this terrifying power, even if he didn't use the pickaxe, he could still break thirty layers of the leaf. Of course, using the pickaxe would save him a lot of effort.
"Provoking me?"
Luo Zheng's eyes flashed slightly, and he bent his leg slightly.
Although this big bug was very agile, Luo Zheng was confident that he could catch it!
While the big bug was still waving its forelegs and squeaking, Luo Zheng's figure suddenly flashed. He directly crossed space, and stretched out his hands to grab the big bug!
It had to be said that this big bug was even more agile than ordinary Life and Death experts. Its perception of danger seemed to be completely instinctive. Even if Luo Zheng used the method of crossing space, the big bug still sensed it with its inconceivable keen sense of smell. At the same time, it spread its wings one step ahead, and was about to leave the leaf!
"I can't leave!"
The moment Luo Zheng crossed the space, the Vital Spirit in his body burst out, and his whole body instantly shot forward a distance of two feet!
After two Chi, Luo Zheng's body had left the leaf. At the same time, the invisible force began to pull Luo Zheng's body. But the moment Luo Zheng was pulled down by that huge force, his hand had already grabbed the big bug's hind legs!
"Zhi Zhi!"
That big bug kept stomping its legs! But how powerful was the power in Luo Zheng's hand? As long as he grabbed it, the big bug would not be able to get away!
The big bug was not affected by the huge gravitational force, and could fly freely among the leaves. But now, Luo Zheng was holding its legs tightly. In other words, half of the gravitational force of Luo Zheng's falling body was shared by the big bug!
Although the big bug desperately flapped its wings to prevent itself from falling with Luo Zheng, it was still pulled down by Luo Zheng under that irresistible gravitational force.
"Zhi Zhi Zhi …"
Even so, the big bug was still flying desperately out of instinct. It kept circling left and right with Luo Zheng, and kept falling down.
On the other side, King Yan was still on the 27th level of the leaf, digging for ores painstakingly. There was a Vast Cloud Stone buried under the leaf. This kind of ore was very valuable, and King Yan naturally would not let it go. The moment he swung his pickaxe, he suddenly saw a figure flash past him. The figure even circled around him. He was stunned.
In this space, there were extremely strict rules. Even a mighty warrior of the Divine Sea Realm could not fly, nor could he resist the force of falling. But he clearly saw a figure just now.
So, King Yan hurried to the edge of the leaf. With one look, King Yan's face was full of astonishment. "Brother, Brother Tianxing …"
He saw Luo Zheng dragging a big green bug. It was like a headless fly, circling around the big tree!
"What, what is going on?" King Yan felt a little dizzy.
King Yan wasn't the only warrior who had witnessed this scene. At least two-thirds of the warriors were working hard on mining on the leaves of this big tree. Most of the god-level geniuses had also witnessed this baffling scene.
"It seems to be that Luo Tianxing! Why is he dragging a, a Ore Devouring Bug! "
"How … how can he not catch a Ore Devouring Bug!"
"It seems that only a mighty warrior of the Divine Sea Realm has ever caught a Ore Devouring Bug …"
Under everyone's gaze, Luo Zheng's figure fell rapidly. Finally, he fell to the bottom of this big tree and disappeared in the halo.
The moment he disappeared, Luo Zheng dragged that big bug and appeared on the side of the pyramid again.
Yue Ying was bargaining with a warrior in front of her with a smile. According to Yue Ying's judgment, this warrior probably had at least 10 Origin Stones of Life in his hands. She knew that Luo Zheng valued Origin Stones of Life the most. So, even if she suffered a little loss, she would still plunder all of his Origin Stones of Life!
But at this moment, she suddenly heard a violent sound. Then, there was a sharp and hurried sound of bugs!
Yue Ying turned her head to take a look. Her eyes suddenly trembled. "Brother, Brother Tianxing … that, that is a Ore Devouring Bug!"
The warriors who were trading ores outside the pyramid were immediately attracted by this scene.
After passing through space, Luo Zheng's body was no longer affected by the powerful gravitational force. The big bug spread its wings and flew high, directly dragging Luo Zheng into the sky!
How could Luo Zheng let this big bug succeed?
After taking a deep breath, he forcefully twisted his waist. His legs suddenly swung as he flipped over and climbed onto the back of the big bug.
"Swish swish!"
The big bug's reaction was extremely agile. It could be said that it far surpassed ordinary Life and Death Realm warriors. Its two front legs twisted and stabbed towards Luo Zheng!
"In your dreams!"
Luo Zheng's figure gently swayed, dodging the two sharp stabs. Then, he used his hand as a blade and heavily chopped towards the back of the big bug.
"Puff!"
With a crisp sound, the carapace on the back of the big insect was cut off by Luo Zheng's palm blade. Then, the flapping wings were also cut off, and the insect's body plummeted downwards!
"Bang!"
The moment it fell, Luo Zheng's body slightly tilted. Bending his left leg, he directly pressed his knee on the big bug's head. Therefore, the moment the big bug fell to the ground, Luo Zheng crushed its head. The big bug's vitality was also very tenacious. Even without its head, it constantly waved its six legs. After struggling for a while, the joints of its six legs slowly stiffened, and its vitality was gradually cut off.
Luo Zheng patted the dust off his body and jumped down from the big bug's body. At this time, Yue Ying had already rushed in front of Luo Zheng. Because she was in a hurry, she didn't even have time to put the pile of ores into her spatial ring. Instead, she directly used her clothes to cover the pile of ores. She grabbed the hem of her clothes with both hands and asked with wide eyes, "Brother Tianxing, how, how did you catch a Ore Devouring Bug?"
"Oh, so this big bug is called a Ore Devouring Bug?" Luo Zheng nodded calmly.
At this time, King Yan also appeared from the light circle and rushed over. He had just left the light circle when he saw that Luo Zheng had already subdued the Ore Devouring Bug. His face revealed a surprised and happy expression.
Not only King Yan, but all the warriors in the "mining tree" also left the light circle one after another and quickly surrounded Luo Zheng!
When King Yan heard Luo Zheng's words, he laughed loudly and said, "Yes, Brother Tianxing, this big bug is called a Ore Devouring Bug. It lives by devouring the ores in the mining tree!"
Hearing King Yan's words, Luo Zheng looked at the god-level geniuses who were continuously rushing over. A strange expression appeared on his face. Even if it lived by devouring ores, this Ore Devouring Bug shouldn't have much value, right? It was just a little more ores in its stomach!

Chapter 830
Hearing this, Luo Zheng frowned slightly. That was the voice of Liu Xiu, the Crown Prince of the Yu Kingdom.
He didn't take the threat seriously. After all, among these Immortal Level Geniuses, no one could threaten him. Even Liu Xiu was not qualified!
To be fair, Luo Zheng's strength was not on the same level as these Immortal Level Geniuses. This was a fact that many Immortal Level Geniuses, Princes, and Crown Princes were unwilling to admit.
Since Liu Xiu dared to threaten him, this Ore Devouring Bug must be related to something big. There must be some secrets hidden in it.
However, Luo Zheng still smiled faintly. His gaze passed through the crowd and landed on Liu Xiu. "Dead? How will you die? "
Liu Xiu also stared at the Ore Devouring Bug. He didn't expect Luo Zheng to catch this Ore Devouring Bug with his bare hands, even though it was just a green Ore Devouring Bug. Liu Xiu then said, "This Ore Devouring Bug is caught by a Divine Sea Realm expert every year! Since when is it your turn to catch it?! "
Luo Zheng shifted his gaze to King Yan. King Yan nodded and told Luo Zheng, "There aren't many Ore Devouring Bugs. There are only 30 to 40 of them every year. However, even Life and Death Realm experts can't catch these Ore Devouring Bugs. Normally, the Divine Sea Realm experts of the four Divine Kingdoms would do it in person."
"Is this bug important?"
In Luo Zheng's mind, this Ore Devouring Bug was a little strange. It could live by eating ores. More importantly, its reaction was extremely fast. When Luo Zheng traveled through space, there was almost no time for him to react. However, the bug was able to dodge it.
However, this bug was not worth the Divine Sea Realm expert's effort! Perhaps the ores in the Ore Devouring Bug's stomach were valuable, but how could it catch the eye of a Divine Sea Realm expert?
"Yes." King Yan smiled and explained to Luo Zheng, "This Ore Devouring Bug has a special ability. It can cut any leaf on a tree at will!"
"So what?" Luo Zheng was still puzzled.
King Yan also knew that Luo Zheng would ask this question. He then continued to explain to Luo Zheng, "Normally, only Life and Death Realm warriors would enter the 30th floor. The Ore Devouring Bug is the reason, which is life-threatening for False Tribulation Realm warriors. if they are not strong enough, they are not Tribulation Realm warriors should not enter it!"
"Only Divine Sea Realm experts of the Divine Sea Realm can enter the 40th floor and Death, because there are Purple Ore Devouring Bugs in the 40th layer!" The King of Yan explained to Luo Zheng slowly, "The purple Ore Devouring Worm is the mature form of the green Ore Devouring Worm.
"The important thing is that the 45th to 47th levels, which are the highest levels, contain some extremely heaven-defying ores. One of the most important ores is called a 'soul core'. This type of ore is extremely important to the four Divine Kingdoms! To some extent, it, it... The Devouring Stage Devouring God............
"Even a Divine Sea Realm warrior can't dig out the top leaves?" Luo Zheng's pupils shrank.
Luo Zheng had witnessed the strength of a Divine Sea Realm expert several times. The most recent time was when War Emperor Yu the Great attacked. Luo Zheng transferred the strength of his punch, which destroyed a row of mountains!
Luo Zheng was shocked that a Divine Sea Realm expert with such strength could not dig the leaves on the top of the tree.
However, these were all public secrets of the four Divine Kingdoms. Some of the Deity rank geniuses present didn't show any changes in their expressions. However, Huo Chen and Huo Yuner, who had rushed over, revealed looks of surprise. They had never explored the Heavenly Feather Sacred Sea before. Although they knew of the four great mystic realms, they didn't know what they were.
"The Devouring Stage Devouring Bug can't dig the leaves on the 45th to 47th level, but the Devouring Devouring Bug under your feet can!" King Yan smiled and said, "However, the Devouring Devouring Bug usually lives on the 30th level. It is unlikely that you can find a Soul Core in it. However, every time the Feather Emperor Secret Realm is opened, both the Devouring Devouring Bug and the Devouring Bug will be killed. Do you understand now?"
After hearing what the King of Yan had said, Luo Zheng finally understood everything.
The Devouring Devouring Bug could not dig the leaves on the top three levels. However, they urgently needed the Soul Cores. Since they could not dig the leaves, they could only place their hopes on the Devouring Devouring Bug. Therefore, they would search for the Devouring Bug every year. On the one hand, it was to get rid of the bugs. On the other hand, it was to find the Soul Cores in the Devouring Bug's body.
"However, the War Emperors and War Emperors did not forbid others from killing the Devouring Bug, right?" Luo Zheng suddenly asked.
King Yan shook his head and answered, "No."
In fact, ordinary Virtual Tribulation Realm martial artists could not capture the Devouring Bug. Even the god-tier geniuses who were at the top of the ladder, such as Huo Yuner, would find it difficult to capture the Devouring Bug.
Only the most powerful Life and Death Realm martial artists and Divine Sea Realm martial artists had the chance to capture the Devouring Bug.
The Life and Death Realm martial artists and Divine Sea Realm martial artists acted together. They would not be so bored as to make such a rule.
"Since there are no rules forbidding us from capturing the Devouring Bug, why can't I touch this Devouring Bug?" Luo Zheng suddenly looked at Liu Xiu. His eyes revealed a cold look.
Liu Xiu could not help but shudder under Luo Zheng's gaze. This guy was not even afraid of his father. Why would he be afraid of a Crown Prince of the Divine Kingdom?
However, seeing Luo Zheng capture a green Devouring Bug, Liu Xiu was not willing to give up. He threatened, "Hmph, even if you get a Soul Core from this Devouring Bug, I'm afraid you don't have the guts to take it for yourself!"
In response to Liu Xiu's warning, Luo Zheng only smiled faintly. With a light tap of his finger, a long sword shot out from his Sumeru Ring. Holding the long sword in his hand, he slashed at the Ore Devouring Bug's abdomen! What he cared about was the Origin Stone of Life in the Devouring Bug's stomach!
The defensive power of the Devouring Bug's scales was amazing. The slash only broke a row of the scales. The second slash only cut open the abdomen of the Devouring Bug.
"Ding ding dang dang!"
The appetite of the Devouring Bug was also amazing. After its stomach was cut open by Luo Zheng, all kinds of ores flowed out. There were about two to three hundred ores!
The hundreds of god-tier geniuses who were watching all stared blankly at the Devouring Bug's stomach. Although many of the ores were very precious, they were not concerned about anything else. They were most concerned about whether they could find a Soul Core in the Devouring Bug's stomach. That was the most important thing to the four Divine Kingdoms!
Green Devouring Bugs were rarely active at the top of mining trees. Even the possibility of finding a Soul Core in the stomach of a purple Devouring Bug was very small, let alone a green Devouring Bug.
The key was that even if some Devouring Bugs did dig out a Soul Core from the top of the leaves, they would be digested after swallowing it into their stomachs …
Unless a green or purple Devouring Bug flew up to the top of the 45th leaf and dug out a Soul Core not long before the Feather Emperor's Secret Realm opened and swallowed it before digesting it. At that time, it was caught by a Divine Sea Realm cultivator and obtained a Soul Core!
From this, it could be seen that this Soul Core was really too precious. Often, it would be difficult to obtain a Soul Core even after killing hundreds of Devouring Bugs for several years.
When the ores in the Devouring Bug's stomach flowed out slowly along with its body fluid, King Yan's eyes revealed a look of disappointment. Luo Zheng smiled, "Why? No Soul Core? "
King Yan nodded and replied, "No!"
Luo Zheng did not pay too much attention to it. On one hand, he was not clear about the use of this Soul Core. On the other hand, he was focused on finding Life Origin Stones. He would not be too distracted by other things.
Although there were no Soul Cores in the Devouring Bug's stomach, there were many Life Origin Stones. Luo Zheng was already satisfied.
His eyes flashed and he smiled at Yue Ying, "I'll have to trouble you. Please help me trade these away."
Yue Ying's eyes widened slightly, but she pouted and said, "So dirty!"
Naturally, he would not let a woman say such dirty words. Only Luo Zheng could clean the ores out of the Devouring Bug's body fluid one by one.

Chapter 831
After Luo Zheng cleaned up the ores, he handed them over to Yue Ying.
There were quite a few Origin Stones of Life, but they were still far from Luo Zheng's goal.
Ning Yudie's life force was on the verge of drying up. Perhaps these Origin Stones of Life could awaken Ning Yudie, but they couldn't replenish her life force and restore her to her original state.
Luo Zheng had always felt guilty for letting Ning Yudie fall into such a state. He also blamed himself deeply. Hence, the more Origin Stones of Life he had, the better it was for Luo Zheng.
This Ore Devouring Worm didn't have a Soul Core in its body. Most of the god-tier geniuses were disappointed.
Even if Luo Zheng dug out a Soul Core from this Ore Devouring Worm's corpse, it probably wouldn't fall into their hands. However, when everyone saw that Luo Zheng had caught an Ore Devouring Worm, they couldn't help but hope to dig it out.
After dealing with this Ore Devouring Worm's corpse, Luo Zheng asked King Yan curiously, "Why is this so-called Soul Core so important?"
This wasn't a secret. Even those god-tier geniuses who entered the Heavenly Feather Sacred Sea for the first time seemed to know very well. King Yan simply told Luo Zheng, "Do you remember the Heavenly Chen Secret Realm that I mentioned to you before?"
Luo Zheng nodded slightly.
Right now, many Divine Sea Realm Almighties weren't interested in the Feather Emperor Secret Realm, the Dream God Secret Realm, and the Godly Emperor Secret Realm. The only thing they were interested in was the Heavenly Chen Secret Realm, which was above the three Secret Realms. That was the most important place for the Dragon Bloodline Clan. It was also where the Ancestral Dragon's egg was.
"Could this Soul Core be related to entering the Heavenly Chen Secret Realm?" Luo Zheng continued to ask. In fact, King Yan's words had already informed Luo Zheng.
"Yes, only by obtaining the Soul Core will you be qualified to enter the Godly Emperor Secret Realm and control the corpse of the Dragon Bloodline Clan!" King Yan smiled.
Hearing King Yan's words, Luo Zheng's eyes suddenly flashed.
At the same time, he felt a slight tremor in his mind. He could feel Qinglong's soul trembling.
Luo Zheng promised Qinglong to get the Ancestral Dragon egg, but only if there was a chance.
Even Divine Sea Realm experts would find it hard to enter the Heavenly Star Mystery Land. With Luo Zheng's current strength, he might not be able to do anything.
However, the Heavenly Feather Sacred Sea would open every year. If Luo Zheng didn't have the opportunity this year, he only needed to accumulate enough Life Origin Stones and go back to Ning Yudie to replenish her life force. When the time was right, he could come back to Scandinavia.
After all, the four Divine Nations had not taken the Ancestral Dragon's egg from the Heavenly Star Secret Realm even after so many years. It was unlikely that they would be able to take it away in a short period of time.
Before Qinglong could speak, Luo Zheng had already replied in his mind, "If I can obtain the Soul Core from this mining tree, I will also enter the Heavenly Star Secret Realm."
After hearing Luo Zheng's reply, Qinglong's face revealed a look of relief. Although he lived in Luo Zheng's mind, he couldn't ask too much of Luo Zheng. With his current strength, it was still too difficult for him to fight against those Divine Sea Realm experts. Not to mention how dangerous the Heavenly Star Secret Realm was, just dealing with those War Emperors and Battle Emperors was already a difficult test for Luo Zheng. Furthermore, Luo Zheng had already formed a feud with the Yu Da Divine Nation …
As a result, Qinglong and the crimson dragon didn't say anything. They closed their huge dragon eyes in relief. Previously, when they helped Luo Zheng block the little monster's Soul Impact, it was not a small loss for them. They needed to rest and recuperate for a period of time.
As for why the Soul Core was needed to control the corpses in the Divine Emperor Secret Realm, Luo Zheng didn't ask any further. Everything was based on the premise that Luo Zheng obtained the Soul Core. As for the other answers, it was useless no matter how much Luo Zheng knew. Right now, he still needed to hurry and excavate the Origin Stone of Life.
Yue Ying accumulated all of Luo Zheng's ores and started a new round of trading with numerous martial artists. This time, all of the martial artists who were mining were attracted by Luo Zheng. Among them, there must be many martial artists who had dug out the Origin Stone of Life. The shrewd Yue Ying would naturally seize this opportunity.
After bidding farewell to Yan Wang, Luo Zheng continued to enter the pyramid's 30th floor.
Luo Zheng originally thought that the higher the floor, the higher the probability of finding the Origin Stone of Life. However, after searching for half a day, Luo Zheng was somewhat disappointed.
The leaves on the 30th floor were harder to excavate than on the 29th floor. However, the number of Origin Stones of Life didn't increase. On the contrary, it even decreased slightly …
No wonder Yan Wang suggested Luo Zheng to excavate above the 25th floor and below the 30th floor. It was estimated that the number of Origin Stones of Life in these five floors would be greater.
The problem was that Luo Zheng had basically explored all of the Origin Stones from the 25th floor to the 29th floor. The majority of the Origin Stones of Life were probably excavated by Luo Zheng himself. A portion of them might have fallen into the hands of other martial artists. However, those numbers were definitely not many.
According to Luo Zheng's estimation, the number of Origin Stones of Life in the hands of other martial artists would probably only add up to a hundred. Adding the Origin Stones of Life in Luo Zheng's hands, it would probably only be around three to four hundred. This number was still too far away from Luo Zheng's goal of a thousand.
"Every year, this mining tree will absorb all kinds of ores from unknown places. Every year, it will be completely excavated by the people of the four Divine Kingdoms. Next year, it will grow new leaves. In other words …"
Luo Zheng came to a troublesome conclusion. Just based on this year's production, it was likely that there would only be five to six hundred Origin Stones of Life!
Standing on the giant leaf, Luo Zheng's heart sank. Perhaps he could gather enough Origin Stones of Life to protect Ning Yudie, but his goal was still too far away.
"Huu …"
Luo Zheng let out a long breath. Even so, Luo Zheng could only brace himself and continue to excavate the ores and collect as many Origin Stones of Life as possible.
"Kacha, kacha …"
As Luo Zheng continued to excavate, the number of other ores also increased. However, the number of Origin Stones of Life didn't increase significantly.
From the 30th floor onwards, the Origin Stones of Life became rarer and rarer. 30th floor, 30th floor, 32nd floor …
He continued to excavate layer by layer. The leaf became more and more solid. Luo Zheng could only continuously borrow the power of the dragon scales.
Six hours later, when Luo Zheng went out again, the colorful ores around Yue Ying had already piled up into a small mountain the height of a person …
The ores in the small mountain flickered with all kinds of colors. This was the result of Luo Zheng's random selection. Otherwise, there would be even more.
Of course, there were many precious ores, but there was also a considerable amount of ores that weren't very valuable. After all, Luo Zheng didn't know how to identify ores. He was just randomly excavating.
It was also this small mountain of ores that attracted the attention of half of the Divine Rank geniuses.
"This Luo Tianxing, I suspect that he's a puppet that doesn't know fatigue. This efficiency, tsk tsk, I'm afraid that even a Divine Sea Realm expert wouldn't be as good as him."
"In any case, I have nothing to say. I'll forget about this year. Next year, I'll definitely suggest to Imperial Father not to let him in. If this continues, he can dig up all the ores in the entire mining tree!"
"Ai, I want that Saint Forged Rock, but that damned woman's price is too high. She even said that 50 Origin Life Stones would be enough! I really can't take out 50 Origin Life Stones! Not even a single one … "
Many Divine Rank geniuses were also very envious, but they didn't dare to openly snatch it. This Luo Zheng didn't give face to anyone, even the Great Yu Divine Kingdom's Crown Prince Liu Xiu. If they really snatched it, it would be difficult for them to escape.
Luo Zheng's mining efficiency wasn't any worse than a Divine Sea Realm expert. After borrowing the power of the dragon scale, in terms of pure strength, he was on par with some Divine Sea Realm experts. He was even a lot stronger than some Divine Sea Realm experts.
What's more, when those Divine Sea Realm warriors were mining like this, they had to consume the energy stored in their bodies. Luo Zheng, on the other hand, was directly borrowing the endless energy from the dragon scales. Although the energy from the dragon scales would be consumed, with Luo Zheng's current strength, the consumption of the dragon scales would be much slower than the recovery speed.
This meant that Luo Zheng had an endless source of energy. In this way, who could compete with him in mining efficiency?
Mining efficiency wasn't a problem, the Origin Life Stones were.
"Yueying, how many Origin Life Stones did you exchange?" Luo Zheng walked over and threw a colorful ore into the small mountain. There were at least thousands of ores piled up in this small mountain.
＝＝＝＝＝

Chapter 832
"Not much, but I sold a lot of top grade true essence stones. I have over 30,000 top grade true essence stones here …" Yue Ying curled her lips as she spoke. She also knew that Luo Zheng was indifferent towards top grade true essence stones. But, as long as there was even the slightest hint of a martial artist possessing a life source stone, Yue Ying would buy it for a high price. Now, no one really had any life source stones on hand. She had been using some rare ores to tempt these divine rank geniuses, and these divine rank geniuses were just short of borrowing life source stones from others.
But, all the life source stones were with Yue Ying, so who could they borrow them from?
"Oh, I understand." Luo Zheng faintly replied. Then, he climbed up the pyramid once more.
He had already finished exploring the 34th floor. Now, his goal was the 35th floor. Perhaps the higher he went, the fewer life source stones there would be. But, he didn't have a choice.
As Luo Zheng climbed up to the 35th floor of the pyramid, he saw a special narrow door.
All the narrow doors of the pyramid were supported by two gray pillars, forming a narrow passageway that was wide enough for a person. So, only one person could enter at a time.
But, on the 35th floor, there was a narrow door that was different. The pillars of this narrow door were carved with two True Dragons. These two True Dragons had their mouths wide open, glaring at Luo Zheng. They looked very lifelike.
"Why is this narrow door different?" Luo Zheng's face revealed a look of curiosity.
However, the majority of martial artists were active on the 30th floor and below. As for the divine rank geniuses that were willing to enter the 35th floor, there wasn't a single one. The reason was simple – it was a pure waste of time. They simply couldn't dig up the leaves on the 35th floor. Not only that, but if they encountered the Ore Devouring Bugs, their lives would be in danger. Even if they were green Ore Devouring Bugs, it would still be difficult for them to resist.
Without thinking too much, Luo Zheng decided to personally enter and investigate.
After Luo Zheng stepped through the narrow door, he continued to fall. Soon, he fell onto a giant leaf. But, this leaf was completely different from the others!
The other leaves were transparent and as beautiful as glass. Their entire bodies emitted a deep blue brilliance. The lower the leaf, the whiter it was, and the higher the leaf, the bluer it was. But, the giant leaf beneath Luo Zheng's feet was suffused with a golden brilliance.
"This leaf seems very special." Luo Zheng's face revealed a look of curiosity as he began to carefully size it up.
As he looked, Luo Zheng's eyes suddenly widened!
"This is … a pickaxe! What grade is this pickaxe!? "Luo Zheng cried out.
Embedded within this pale golden leaf was a short pickaxe. The pickaxe was pitch black, but the aura it emitted caused Luo Zheng to be inwardly startled. More importantly, there were strange divine runes swirling around the pickaxe's head. And these divine runes …
".... Furthermore, it's three ten-star divine runes! "Luo Zheng cried out once more.
Luo Zheng couldn't tell the difference between the four Divine Kingdoms' Divine Rune Inheritance and the human race's Divine Rune Inheritance. But, the Divine Rune Technique of the Dragon Bloodline Clan was inherited from the True Dragon Clan. Luo Zheng had learned it from Qinglong!
Ten-star Divine Runes, even in the Divine Realm, were the highest grade of Divine Runes. Even when Qinglong was at his peak, he had to spend a considerable amount of energy and time to draw a ten-star Divine Rune. This wasn't even considering the materials required to draw it!
Luo Zheng had relied on three five-star Divine Runes to block the invasion of Life and Death experts. The difference between each star of the Divine Runes was like heaven and earth. What about six-star Divine Runes? Seven-star? Eight-star?
Then, what grade of treasure was this pickaxe with three ten-star Divine Runes?
Luo Zheng couldn't tell at the moment. But, he understood. Since there were three ten-star Divine Runes engraved on this pickaxe, its grade was definitely not low!
"Dig it out?"
This thought uncontrollably jumped out of Luo Zheng's mind.
But, on second thought, since the entrance was so obvious, this leaf must have been visited by many experts. Moreover, most of them were Life and Death experts and Divine Sea experts. Even Divine Sea experts couldn't do anything to this pickaxe, so how could he dig it out?
Although this was what he thought, Luo Zheng still took out the Divine Tool grade pickaxe. Then, he walked towards the pickaxe on the pale golden leaf. After standing still, Luo Zheng used the pickaxe in his hand to lightly knock on the leaf twice.
The pale golden leaf gave out two muffled sounds.
After taking aim, Luo Zheng raised the pickaxe in his hand high and swung it at the leaf with all his might!
"Pa! Bang … Pa da da … "
The first sound was the sound of Luo Zheng's pickaxe hitting the surface of the leaf. The second sound was the sound of the pickaxe in Luo Zheng's hand breaking. The third sound was the sound of the broken pickaxe rolling to the edge of the leaf and falling straight down!
Seeing this scene, Luo Zheng was stunned for a moment. Then, he revealed a trace of a bitter smile.
Although the pickaxe given to Luo Zheng by Yan Wang was a low-grade Divine Tool, after being ravaged by Luo Zheng, it was already somewhat damaged. Now, the hardness of the pale golden leaf under Luo Zheng's feet was simply unimaginable!
According to Luo Zheng's judgment, perhaps the strength of this pale golden leaf was already equivalent to a Divine Tool!
In other words, just by cutting off this pale golden leaf, one could already make a weapon of the same strength as a Divine Tool!
When this low-grade Divine Tool pickaxe was hit, it was like an egg hitting a rock. It instantly broke.
The pickaxe was broken, but there was not even the slightest trace of it left on the leaf …
Looking at the pitch-black pickaxe lying quietly under the leaf, Luo Zheng's face revealed a trace of unwillingness to admit defeat. The Sumeru Ring in his hand flashed, and he took out the high-grade Divine Tool in his hand.
Swords were known for their sharpness, but they were not suitable for mining. In terms of overall strength, they were far inferior to the pickaxe. Therefore, Luo Zheng drew out the sword and gestured for a while. In the end, he was reluctant to stab it down. The result would most likely be his sword breaking.
After thinking for a while, Luo Zheng sighed and jumped down from the pale golden leaf.
When Luo Zheng carried the broken pickaxe and appeared beside the pyramid, Yan Wang asked curiously, "Luo Zheng, you broke the pickaxe!"
Luo Zheng gently waved the broken pickaxe in his hand and smiled helplessly. After all, this pickaxe was lent to him by Yan Wang. Now, he had broken it.
"That's impossible. Even if you're mining on level 35, a Lower Grade Sacred Artifact can't be broken so quickly." King Yan's face was filled with confusion. Although the pickaxe was a Lower Grade Sacred Artifact, its shape was suitable for mining. In particular, the head of the pickaxe was wide and thick. Under normal circumstances, it would be very difficult to break it. King Yan did not blame Luo Zheng. Although it was difficult to obtain a Lower Grade Sacred Artifact, it was still a Lower Grade Sacred Artifact after all.
Luo Zheng could only answer truthfully, "I found a strange thing on the 35th floor."
"Oh!" Hearing Luo Zheng's words, Yan Wang's face suddenly revealed an expression of realization. "You mean the pickaxe in the golden leaf? Don't tell me you want to dig it out? "
That pale golden leaf was not difficult to find. Otherwise, Yan Wang would not know. Luo Zheng nodded immediately.
"Haha, no wonder! Blame me for not reminding you! " Yan Wang said immediately, "That golden leaf can't be broken at all. The pickaxe wrapped in the golden leaf is called 'Black Star'. It is recorded in the literature of the Dragon Bloodline Clan that it is a Supreme Artifact!"
"A Supreme Artifact?" Luo Zheng was stunned. Originally, Luo Zheng thought that the divine tools were the same as the Divine Tools. They were also divided into upper, middle, and lower grades. It seemed that it was not what he had guessed. It was just that Luo Zheng had never come into contact with them before. Now, Qinglong and Red Dragon were also in a deep sleep, and Xun was also immersed in the Soul Cultivation Wood. There was no one to ask him now.

Chapter 833
Starting from the 45th layer, all the leaves would reach an unimaginable level. Even a Divine Sea Realm warrior would not be able to move them. Even someone stronger than a Divine Sea Realm warrior would not be able to break them open.
After conquering the Heavenly Feather Holy Sea, the four Divine Kingdoms obtained many inheritances of the Dragon Bloodline from the four Mystery Realms. From these documents, they understood that only the "Black Star" in the Golden Leaf could open the top layer of the leaf!
The problem was that the Black Star Pickaxe was sealed in the Golden Leaf …
In other words, they could not get the supreme artifact, nor could they open the top layer of the Mineral Tree, nor could they get the "Soul Core". This was a dead knot that could not be opened.
Until someone found the worms that grew on the Mineral Tree. These worms did not have a name. Later, when the Divine Kingdoms found out that these worms ate ores for a living, they called these worms Ore Devouring Worms.
Even a Divine Sea Realm cultivator couldn't dig through the leaves, but they couldn't stop the Ore Devouring Bugs. Therefore, the Divine Kingdom's martial artists shifted their attention away from the Blackstar Pickaxe and focused on the Ore Devouring Bugs. Their efforts paid off. In the end, they obtained the Soul Core and were able to enter the Heavenly Star Secret Realm!
Knowing that they could not get the Black Star Pickaxe, everyone in the four Divine Kingdoms had given up. However, Luo Zheng still wanted to take it out.
"So, I can't take it out." Luo Zheng let out a sigh of relief. He was a bit disappointed.
Then, Luo Zheng threw this thought out of his mind. He gathered his courage and went into the narrow door of the pyramid again to look for the Origin Stone of Life.
Although the pickaxe was broken, Luo Zheng's fists were still as strong as a Divine Weapon. He just needed to use a little more strength.
However, in the next two hours, Luo Zheng did not find anything.
In order to find the Origin Stone of Life, Luo Zheng even gave up on digging for other ores. The ores above the 35th layer were all valuable. However, Luo Zheng did not have the patience to waste time and energy here. He kept going back and forth between the pyramid and the Mineral Tree, trying to find the Origin Stone of Life.
From the 35th floor to the 40th floor, the number of leaves on each floor decreased. Luo Zheng shuttled back and forth thousands of times, carefully examining each leaf, but he still did not find a single Origin Stone of Life.
During this time, Luo Zheng also encountered a few green Ore Devouring Bugs, but these Ore Devouring Bugs seemed to have become smarter. As long as Luo Zheng landed on a leaf, these Ore Devouring Bugs would immediately flap their wings and carefully avoid him. Luo Zheng had no chance to catch these bugs.
Luo Zheng's heart sank, and his brows furrowed tightly. "I'm afraid this is going to be troublesome.
In this way, it would be a problem whether he could gather 500 Origin Stones of Life. Thinking of this, Luo Zheng didn't do anything. Instead, he directly climbed to the 40th floor of the pyramid!
"Luo Zheng!" Seeing that Luo Zheng was about to enter the 40th floor, King Yan couldn't help but stop him. "Above the 40th floor, only the mighty warriors of the Divine Sea Realm can enter. If you go in, I'm afraid …"
The purple Ore Devouring Bugs on the 40th floor were ten times more powerful than the green Ore Devouring Bugs! Even the top warriors of the Life and Death Realm would find it difficult to deal with them, let alone Luo Zheng entering the 40th floor. So what? It was impossible for him to dig out the leaves on the 40th floor.
"That guy is courting death. Just let him go in! Every ore on the 40th floor is priceless. As long as he can dig out one ore, he will make a fortune! "
"He can even injure Battle God Yu the Great. Hehe, maybe he can really dig out the ore on the 40th floor!"
Some of the Deity rank geniuses could no longer hold themselves back. Luo Zheng was slowly climbing up the ranks, and in their eyes, this was a blatant show off! After all, for these god-level geniuses of the False Tribulation Realm, going above the 40th floor was almost like a forbidden area.
Why would Luo Zheng care about these words? He just said to King Yan, "I'm just going in to have a look. Don't worry, I will be careful!"
Even if he encountered purple Ore Devouring Bugs on the 40th floor, which were equivalent to Level 11 Ferocious Beasts and comparable to Divine Sea Realm warriors, as long as the purple Ore Devouring Bugs couldn't use the power of the Realm and cut off his connection with the Vast Thousand World, they couldn't kill Luo Zheng.
After all, he could use "Force Transfer" to transfer the attack on his body to another place.
Luo Zheng also knew that the Origin Stones of Life were so rare on the 30th floor, so the probability of finding one on the 40th floor was even lower. However, he had no other choice.
After stepping through the narrow door, Luo Zheng instantly fell onto the leaves on the 40th floor!
Stepping on the leaves on the 40th floor, Luo Zheng glanced around. There were no legendary purple Ore Devouring Bugs on the leaves in front of him, but there were six of them on the leaves next to it!
The purple Ore Devouring Bugs were twice the size of the green ones, and there were two more pairs of compound eyes on their heads. A gloomy and cold Qi Power was emitted from their heads.
The six purple Ore Devouring Bugs had their heads on the leaves. It seemed that they had just dug out the ores in the leaves and were swallowing the ores with the mouthparts on their faces. Their huge purple abdomens were raised high.
The sound of Luo Zheng falling on the leaves alarmed one of the purple Ore Devouring Bugs. The purple Ore Devouring Bug lowered its abdomen, and its body was like a lever. Its head was raised high, and the feelers on its head swayed slightly. It turned its head and looked at Luo Zheng with its four black compound eyes.
Although Luo Zheng was confident that he could escape from the purple Ore Devouring Bugs, he would not challenge them for no reason. With his strength, he might not be able to cut open the outer shell of the purple Ore Devouring Bugs.
He saw that the purple Ore Devouring Bugs had noticed him, and they quickly swept their eyes over the leaves under his feet. The ores in the leaves were almost the size of a human head. Some of the ores faintly transmitted various mysterious power of law. Even if Luo Zheng did not know the type and value of the ores, he knew that these ores were destined to be valuable!
"There are no Origin Stones of Life." Luo Zheng had already expected this result. Since there were no ores on the 35th floor, there would be no ores on the 40th floor! It was just that he did not give up.
"Squeak — —"
The purple Ore Devouring Bug on the leaves suddenly made a sharp sound. Then it waved its slender and sharp forelegs and pointed at Luo Zheng.
The other five purple Ore Devouring Bugs, who were still lowering their heads to swallow the ores, suddenly stopped. Then, with a "boom", they flew up and turned into five purple insect shadows, surrounding Luo Zheng!
Five purple Ore Devouring Bugs. This thing's strength could be ranked as a Level 11 Vicious Beast, which was equivalent to five Divine Sea Realm experts!
Luo Zheng did not feel the power of a Territory from these bugs, but his face changed greatly. Almost without thinking, he turned over and directly jumped out from the leaves!
"Squeak squeak squeak …"
The moment Luo Zheng jumped out, the purple Ore Devouring Bug flying at the front was only three feet away from Luo Zheng. It did not use its sharp forelegs to attack Luo Zheng, but wanted to use the slender legs under its abdomen to capture Luo Zheng.
Once Luo Zheng was captured by these purple Ore Devouring Bugs, Luo Zheng would be attacked by these purple Ore Devouring Bugs. The consequences would be unimaginable!
"Capture me! In your dreams! "
Luo Zheng twisted his waist in the air. A cold light flashed in his hand, and the long sword was already slashed out!
"Ding, ding!"
The originally invincible Upper Grade Holy Weapon did not have any effect at this moment! The slender legs of the purple Ore Devouring Bug were only as thick as an arm, but when the Upper Grade Holy Weapon hit them, it only made a crisp sound and some sparks.
"This bug's armor is so hard?" Luo Zheng's face was filled with astonishment. However, with the reverse thrust of the two swords, Luo Zheng continued to fall down!
The speed of his fall was extremely fast. After all, in addition to the pushing force, there was also a strong gravitational force pulling him down. However, the purple Ores Devouring Bugs were still chasing after him. They actually swooped down towards Luo Zheng!
"Whoosh!"

Chapter 834
Level 11 vicious beasts were indeed much more powerful than Luo Zheng had imagined! At such a high speed, he managed to get rid of the Purple Ore Devouring Bugs and fell straight to the bottom of the halo. At the moment of falling, Luo Zheng was still worried that the Purple Ore Devouring Bugs would not chase after him, right? If they did, how would the many Void Tribulation Realm martial artists outside resist?
However, the purple Ore Devouring Bugs were unable to chase after Luo Zheng. They discovered that there were still some humans mining in the sacred tree. Like a whirlwind, they rushed towards those humans!
At this moment, Huo Chen was concentrating on mining on the 27th floor. Suddenly, he heard some commotion. When he looked up, his expression changed greatly.
"This, what the hell is this!" Huo Chen stared blankly at the huge purple Ore Devouring Bugs.
"Ah! Save me, save me!" Not far from Huo Chen, a divine rank genius was caught by a purple Ore Devouring Bug. The purple Ore Devouring Bug threw the divine rank genius into the air …
As long as a martial artist left the leaf, they would be pulled in by a huge gravitational force. However, when the purple Ore Devouring Bug threw him, it forcefully counteracted the gravitational force. One could imagine how strong the purple Ore Devouring Bug was.
"Save …" The martial artist could only instinctively shout for help. He did not know how to resist.
After the martial artist was thrown into the air, the other purple Ore Devouring Bugs surrounded him. They stretched out their slender legs and began to tear the martial artist apart!
The Ore Devouring Bugs lived by eating the ores on the mining tree. They did not eat the flesh of humans. Therefore, by tearing, they were purely torturing the martial artist.
How could the body of a Void Tribulation Realm martial artist withstand the tearing of a level 11 vicious beast? The martial artist's screams for help came to an abrupt end. Then, he was torn into pieces. The pieces of his corpse fell towards the bottom of the mining tree …
When the other martial artists, including Huo Chen and the others, saw this scene, their faces turned green. At this time, even a fool would know that they had to run for their lives. All of them desperately rushed out of the leaf and swooped down.
Outside the pyramid, most of the martial artists were still unaware of what had happened in the mining tree. Most of them were still trading their ores or bargaining with Yue Ying …
The number of top grade true essence stones in Yue Ying's hands had already reached 70,000 to 80,000!
With so many top grade True Essence Stones, even for a Divine Kingdom Crown Prince, this was not a small sum of money. Even in the four Divine Kingdoms' national treasuries, there were usually only two to three hundred thousand top grade True Essence Stones in reserve. But in these short four to five hours, Yue Ying had already earned seventy to eighty thousand top grade True Essence Stones.
If it was in the past, after earning so many top-grade true essence stones, Yue Ying would probably be overjoyed. Even if she only took a commission, it would still be a huge sum of money for her!
However, what made her depressed was that she hadn't been able to help Luo Zheng obtain too many Life Source Stones. It seemed that the number of Life Source Stones she had obtained from the exchange was far below Luo Zheng's expectations. However, the mining tree could only produce so many Life Source Stones in a year.
.....................................
........
. The ripples from the halo on one side of the pyramid had yet to completely disperse, but a large crater had already appeared. Luo Zheng was lying in the middle of the crater.
"Huh? What happened to Brother Tianxing?" Yue Ying blinked her eyes and stared at Luo Zheng in the crater.
Luo Zheng had almost used his fastest speed to get rid of the purple Ore Devouring Bugs. With this speed, he was unable to stop himself, so he smashed a large crater in the ground.
Of course, with Luo Zheng's saint tool body, he would not be injured. However, under such an impact, he felt his blood tumble.
Everyone watched as Luo Zheng climbed out of the crater. Then, countless halos began to flicker above Luo Zheng's head. Then, bloody chunks of corpses fell down like rain from the densely packed halos.
Luo Zheng turned his head and saw this scene. His face revealed a trace of helplessness. Then, the densely packed halos continued to flicker. One by one, the god-grade geniuses with pale faces drilled out of the halos.
Only a small number of the god-grade geniuses came out standing. Most of the god-grade geniuses were smashed out directly. They did not have a body as strong as Luo Zheng's, so they all fell unbearably.
"What, what happened?!"
"The interior of the pyramid shouldn't be so dangerous. Why does it seem like everyone is running for their lives?"
"Is it the Ore Devouring Bugs? The purple Ore Devouring Bugs came down? "
The god-grade geniuses trading outside were discussing spiritedly. Some of them had already guessed the truth.
"Luo Tianxing!" A prince of the Star Wilderness Divine Kingdom climbed out of the crater. This prince's face was pale, and there was a trace of blood at the corner of his mouth. He roared at Luo Zheng in anger, "You actually led the purple Ore Devouring Bugs to the lower level!"
Hearing the prince's words, the god-grade geniuses outside the pyramid immediately understood what had happened.
Even the green Ore Devouring Bugs were difficult for the god-grade geniuses to deal with. Only a small number of first-tier god-grade geniuses, such as Luo Zheng and Liu Xiu, dared to provoke them. However, Luo Zheng could kill the green Ore Devouring Bugs, while Liu Xiu and the others could not.
The purple Ore Devouring Bugs were much more powerful than the green ones. Not to mention False Tribulation Realm experts, even False Tribulation Realm experts would be afraid to avoid them.
The habits of these big bugs were very regular. Generally, green Ore Devouring Bugs would not enter the 30th floor and below, while purple Ore Devouring Bugs would not easily enter the 40th floor and below. Just now, everyone had seen Luo Zheng enter the 40th floor with their own eyes. Hearing the prince's words, everyone was certain that Luo Zheng had lured the purple Ore Devouring Bugs down.
Luo Zheng himself did not want this to happen. Facing the prince's accusation, Luo Zheng's expression did not change at all. He said, "I didn't do it on purpose."
"Humph, you caused the death of someone, and you think you can just say that you didn't do it on purpose?" The prince was still unconvinced.
Luo Zheng shrugged. He could not predict the situation, but even so, he did not intend to change his decision. He would search the entire mining tree until he could not find any more Life Origin Stones.
Seeing Luo Zheng ignore him, the prince was even more furious. However, he could not do anything to Luo Zheng. He could only say, "Everyone, don't go mining! Who knows if the purple Ore Devouring Bugs have flown to the upper floors! "
These god-grade geniuses could not escape the purple Ore Devouring Bugs. If they were unlucky and encountered another purple Ore Devouring Bug, they would die.
"Alas, there's no other way. Let's go pick up the trash. Maybe we can find something good!"
"I don't want to mine, I'll go pick up the trash too!"
"Let's go, it's better than losing our lives here!"
Many warriors said indignantly. Then, they went around the pyramid in groups of three to five and walked in another direction.
King Yan walked over with a bitter smile and asked, "Did you really lure the purple Ore Devouring Bugs down?"
Luo Zheng nodded. There was nothing he could not admit.
"How many?" King Yan did not care about the lives of the other warriors. Moreover, the dead warriors were not from the Black Iron Divine Kingdom. The god-grade genius who died could only blame himself for his bad luck.
"I think there were five …" Luo Zheng replied.
"…"
Luo Zheng was able to lure five purple Ore Devouring Bugs down at once. The problem was that this guy could escape unscathed. King Yan did not know what to say.
"I advise you not to go in. The 40th floor is too dangerous. If you are besieged by five or six purple Ore Devouring Bugs, I'm afraid you won't be able to escape!" King Yan advised.
Luo Zheng shook his head slightly. There was no change in his expression. No matter how dangerous the mining tree was, Luo Zheng had to go in!
King Yan knew that Luo Zheng was stubborn. Since he could not persuade him, he did not say anything more.
"What do they mean by picking up the trash?" Luo Zheng asked King Yan when he heard the god-grade geniuses mention this.
"Picking up the trash?" King Yan smiled. "Picking up the trash means going to the armory to pick up weapons that are not cursed. This place is called the Feather Emperor's Secret Realm. It was originally the mine of the Dragon Bloodline Clan. All the blacksmiths of the Dragon Bloodline Clan used to refine weapons on this island. The most famous blacksmith of the Dragon Bloodline Clan was called the Feather Emperor."
(Today's update is over. Adjust your mentality ^ _ ^ and work hard to write. Thank you to Hops Dance for your 5K reading coins! Thank you to Colorful Sunshine, Qian Lei, Mind Reader, Mao Mao, Lan Yue, Bamboo, Buli … Wen Aimei for your tips! Happy Lantern Festival everyone!)
＝＝＝＝＝

Chapter 835
The name of the Feather Emperor Mystic Realm came from the fact that this island had once given birth to an Emperor Weapon Refiner. The entire Feather Emperor Island was a collection of mineral mining, weapon refining, and so on. It could be considered as an arsenal of the Dragon Bloodline Clan.
When the entire Dragon Bloodline was attacked, the Dragon Bloodline people on the Feather Emperor Island were unable to destroy the numerous weapons. However, they were unwilling to let the weapons fall into the hands of the Human Race. Therefore, they cast an irreversible curse on the weapons!
The curse could not be removed, and the cursed weapons could not be used. Therefore, in the eyes of these god-level geniuses, the weapons became trash.
However, the number of these weapons was simply too large. From the lowest level of Xuan Weapons to Spirit Weapons, Immortal Weapons, and Sacred Weapons, there were probably millions of them. There were bound to be some missing weapons that were not tainted by the curse.
If one could find one or two Sacred Artifacts among them, it would be a huge profit.
However, the probability of finding an uncursed weapon among a large pile of cursed weapons was not high. In the eyes of these god-level geniuses, it became "picking up trash."
In fact, a portion of the god-level geniuses had given up mining at the beginning and went to the arsenal to "pick up trash." However, most of the warriors still thought that mining was more cost-effective. However, now that Luo Zheng had lured the purple Ore Devouring Bugs down, no one was willing to go in. Although mining was good, no one was willing to throw away their lives.
"I see." Luo Zheng nodded. He was not interested in picking up trash, so he decided to enter the mining tree.
Huo Chen and Huo Yuner did not go to pick up trash. In fact, Liu Xiu, Zhou Ning, and the other princes of the Divine Kingdom did not go in either. At their position, other than semi-divine and divine artifacts, even high-grade Sacred Artifacts were not attractive.
However, they did not choose to enter the pyramid. The warriors who stayed behind all looked at Luo Zheng.
Luo Zheng did not care how the others looked at him. However, when he lured the Ore Devouring Bugs to the lower level, it scared Huo Chen and Huo Yuner out. Therefore, Luo Zheng said, "If those Ore Devouring Bugs return to the upper level, I will come out and inform you."
Huo Yuner was not very interested in mining. She had only entered three times. Most of the time, she sat in a corner of the pyramid and watched Luo Zheng go in and out.
Hearing Luo Zheng's words, Huo Yuner also wanted to persuade Luo Zheng to go in again. However, after thinking for a while, she didn't say anything. Like Prince of Yan, she also knew that she couldn't persuade Luo Zheng.
However, when Liu Xiu and Zhou Ning heard Luo Zheng's words, they were a bit happy. After all, there was still some time before the mighty warriors of the Spirit Sea Realm arrived. Since they didn't want to "pick up trash", they naturally didn't want to waste this precious time.
After that, Luo Zheng did not choose the narrow door on the 40th floor this time. Instead, he chose the narrow door on the 41st floor.
This time, after entering the narrow door, Luo Zheng didn't encounter any purple Ore Devouring Bugs. This Ore Tree had 100,000 leaves. Luo Zheng stood on the 41st floor, which was probably the top.
On the 41st floor, there were only 200 leaves. On the 42nd floor, there were only 150 leaves. On the 43rd floor, there were 100 leaves. On the 44th floor, there were only 60 leaves.
On the 45th floor, there were 10 leaves …
On the 46th floor, there were 6 leaves …
On the 47th floor, there were 3 leaves …
On the 41st floor, Luo Zheng still didn't find any Origin Stones of Life. He didn't have much hope now. After glancing around, he came to the edge of the leaves and swept the traces of the purple Ore Devouring Bugs.
"There's one on the left …"
"On the 43rd floor, there's one …"
"Five of them, there!" Luo Zheng's eyes flashed. He saw that the five purple Ore Devouring Bugs had returned to the 40th floor, which was to say, they had returned to their original positions!
After letting out a sigh of relief, he jumped down again and entered the light circle at the bottom. He sent the message that the purple Ore Devouring Bugs had returned to the 40th floor. Then, Luo Zheng went straight to the 42nd floor.
Even though he didn't have any hope of finding any Origin Stones of Life, Luo Zheng still carefully scanned around. When he found that there were no leaves on the 42nd floor, he continued to jump down and then entered the 13th floor.
On the 44th floor …
On the 45th floor …
Huo Chen had already entered the pyramid to start mining again. His talent wasn't outstanding among the Crown Princes, but he was the most hardworking one.
Huo Yuner sat in a corner of the pyramid, watching Luo Zheng enter and exit the pyramid …
"Who is he collecting Origin Stones of Life for?" Huo Yuner guessed in her heart. The corner of her mouth curved up slightly. Her eyes flashed slightly. At this moment, she saw Luo Zheng enter the 45th floor …
The 45th floor?
Huo Yuner blinked her eyes. Even though she didn't know anything about the Feather Emperor's Secret Realm, she now knew that from the 45th floor to the 47th floor, there was no need to enter the last three floors.
The leaves in the last three floors couldn't be dug out at all. For so many years, the four Divine Sea Realm experts of the four Divine Kingdoms had used all kinds of methods, but they still couldn't dig out anything from the 45th floor and above. It was because they couldn't dig it out at all!
Not to mention that there were no Origin Stones of Life in the last three floors, even if there were, they could only stare at them.
How could Luo Zheng not understand this? But he still chose to enter the 45th floor, the floor that was known as the level that couldn't be dug out!
The moment Luo Zheng entered the 45th floor, he smelled a faint fragrance.
"Strange. I can't smell this fragrance on the 44th floor. I don't know where this fragrance is coming from!" Luo Zheng's face revealed a puzzled expression. Then, he looked up and saw six huge leaves above his head.
In the gap, Luo Zheng saw three more leaves. The six leaves were the 46th floor, and the three leaves were the 47th floor, which was the top floor!
In the center of the three leaves, there was a blooming flower!
"The fragrance is coming from that flower! But the shape of the flower … "Luo Zheng's eyes flickered, and his face revealed a surprised expression.
That flower didn't seem to be a product of nature. Instead, it seemed to be a realm of minerals. Whether it was the petals, the stamen, or the stem of the flower, it seemed to be made up of all kinds of minerals, which was why it looked sharp and angular at first glance.
Because of this, the flower gave people a very symmetrical sense of beauty.
After staring at it for a while, Luo Zheng withdrew his gaze. Although he was instinctively reluctant, he could only sigh at the wonders of the Creator. He still had more important things to do …
But this time, when he lowered his head, Luo Zheng's eyes suddenly bloomed with endless colors. "This, this isn't … the Origin Stone of Life!"
Under Luo Zheng's feet, there were fourteen round egg-sized stones circling together. At first glance, they were very similar to the Origin Stone of Life!
They were the same size, the same color. Moreover, Luo Zheng had excavated so many of them. Every time the Origin Stone of Life appeared, it was in a circle. Not a single Origin Stone of Life appeared alone. Moreover, it was always in an even number, ten, twelve, fourteen … The Origin Stone of Life should be a kind of cluster of minerals. Every time it appeared, it would appear in clusters.
The circle of ores in front of him was the same, but the surface of this circle of ores was in a translucent state. Through the transparent leaves and the translucent shell, Luo Zheng saw that there were grains of crystals constantly floating inside.
"This is also the power of life! What a rich power of life! "Luo Zheng's eyes looked carefully, and he felt it even more deeply! Even through the thick layer of leaves, Luo Zheng could feel the power of life within!
After a Origin Stone of Life was crushed, there would only be a trace of power of life. The power of life it contained was too little.
But these stones in front of him were not ordinary. Any one of them contained a thousand times more power of life than the Origin Stone of Life. In other words, only one of them was needed to completely restore Ning Yudie!
Seeing these small stones, Luo Zheng once again sighed at the magic of the Creator. At the same time, his mood was unusually excited.
"One, I only need one! As long as I can take out one, that's enough! "Luo Zheng's eyes stared unwaveringly at his feet.
The problem was that from the ten leaves under Luo Zheng's feet to the six leaves above Luo Zheng's head, and then to the three leaves at the top, even the four Divine Sea Realm experts of the four Divine Kingdoms had not been able to dig out these three leaves even once. Moreover, it was very likely that the four Divine Kingdoms had asked for help from the human race of the Upper Realm through the reverse spirit channel, but they still could not do anything about these nineteen leaves.

Chapter 836
Looking at the round stones under his feet, Luo Zheng's mind was in turmoil. His mind was constantly thinking about how he should take these stones out.
"Let's try it once!"
Luo Zheng took two steps back and tightened his legs. He began to circulate his true essence and vital essence at the same time. At the same time, the power of the dragon scales continuously surged into Luo Zheng's body. At this moment, he had already drawn out all the power of the dragon scales!
With the current strength of Luo Zheng's body, the power of the dragon scales wouldn't put too much of a burden on Luo Zheng's body.
In addition to this, Luo Zheng also closed his eyes and began to communicate with the stars.
"Two stars …"
The moment Luo Zheng closed his eyes and began to communicate with the stars, the light of two stars suddenly flashed in the sky above the Feather Emperor's Secret Realm!
The rich power of the stars began to seep into Luo Zheng's true essence.
Then, Luo Zheng leaped up!
On the leaf, Luo Zheng wasn't affected by the strong gravitational force. When he leaped up, his body rose to a height of one zhang. After circling in the air, he dived down toward the leaf below.
His huge fist heavily pounded on the leaf.
Luo Zheng used all the strength in his body for this punch. The power of this punch couldn't be underestimated. It was even more powerful than the punch that injured Battle Emperor Yu the Great. Moreover, he also used the Stellar Battle Body for this punch!
"Boom!"
When Luo Zheng's punch hit the leaf, a violent sound suddenly erupted. This sound was like thunder, and the entire ore tree could hear it clearly.
Below, several Ore-Devouring Bugs were frightened. They even spread their wings and flew in the air!
Luo Zheng's fist was tightly pressed against the leaf. Below his fist, traces of blood began to seep out, flowing along the leaf below …
Even though Luo Zheng had the body of a sacred tool, the leaf under his feet was much stronger than a sacred tool. When Luo Zheng smashed it, it was like an egg hitting a rock. Not only did the leaf not crack, but his fist was also injured.
"The last three layers of leaves are even stronger than the golden leaf below. No wonder those Divine Sea Realm experts couldn't take out the ores." Luo Zheng didn't look too disappointed. He just wanted to test this fist.
The pickaxe …
If he could get his hands on the Black Star Pickaxe, he should be able to dig out the leaf at the top layer. However, the people of the four Divine Kingdoms couldn't open the golden leaf that wrapped the pickaxe, and Luo Zheng couldn't open it either.
After thinking for a while, Luo Zheng left the 45th layer of the leaf.
This time, when he was falling, two purple Ore-Devouring Bugs on the 41st and 43rd layers noticed Luo Zheng. They wanted to chase after Luo Zheng. However, because Luo Zheng was too far away and falling too fast, the two Ore-Devouring Bugs returned to the leaf after realizing that they couldn't chase after him.
While falling along these leaves, Luo Zheng was still thinking.
With his current strength, Luo Zheng indeed couldn't open the golden leaf. However, compared to the leaf on the 45th layer, it was still much easier. In other words, Luo Zheng's last chance was still the Black Star Pickaxe. If he could get his hands on this supreme artifact, Luo Zheng would be able to open the leaf on the top layer as well.
If he couldn't do it alone, what about several people? If several people gathered on one leaf and attacked it at the same time …
However, this idea was soon rejected.
Outside the pyramid, King of Yan told Luo Zheng that only one warrior could enter through a narrow door. If several warriors entered through the same narrow door, only the first warrior would land on the leaf accurately. The others would be "squeezed" down automatically. It was impossible for them to climb up the leaf.
Luo Zheng wasn't surprised by King of Yan's answer. If he could think of something, how could those Divine Sea Realm warriors not think of it?
For example, if several Divine Sea Realm warriors were to attack one leaf from several connected leaves … all these methods would be restricted by the rules of the mining tree. It wasn't something that warriors at their level could resist.
To get the Black Star Pickaxe, they had to break it with their own strength!
Standing at the foot of the pyramid, Luo Zheng gazed at the top of the pyramid indifferently. However, he kept repeating two words, "Strength …"
Strength … more strength …
Right at this moment, more than a dozen warriors turned back from the left side of the pyramid. They were murmuring to themselves.
"Motherf * cker, all the trash in the armory has been picked up over the years! Where can we find more? Why don't we just come back and mine? "
"I've only found two Spiritual Weapons after searching for so long. Damn, they're low-grade Spiritual Weapons!"
"I wonder if those Ore-Eating Bugs have gone back. If they have, we can continue mining in the mining tree!"
The dozen or so cultivators were god-ranked geniuses who had gone to 'pick up trash'. Although there were many weapons in the armory, it still required a certain amount of luck to pick out an uncursed weapon. Not to mention, there were many cultivators who went to pick up trash every year. The number of uncursed weapons was rapidly decreasing, and the chances of picking up a Saint artifact were getting smaller and smaller.
Weapons? Weapons? Luo Zheng frowned slightly.
As long as a weapon was not damaged, the Heaven's Derivation Essence in it would not dissipate and return to heaven and earth …
I can refine all those weapons!
Luo Zheng's heart started pounding when he thought of this.
Previously, Luo Zheng had not been in a hurry to absorb the Heaven's Derivation Essence. His body could not withstand too much power. His Immortal Weapon Body was already unstable under the power of a thousand dragon scales.
Now that Luo Zheng had broken through to the Immortal Weapon Body, Luo Zheng's strength could be increased by several levels with his Divine Weapon Body!
Luo Zheng might not be able to break open the golden leaf or take the Black Star Pickaxe with the power of a thousand dragon scales.
But … what about five thousand dragon scales? Ten thousand dragon scales!
Even if Luo Zheng couldn't do it, he would still try his best. Now that there was a plan in front of him that had a high possibility of being realized, he certainly wouldn't let go of this opportunity.
The only problem was whether the cursed weapons still contained the Heaven's Derivation Essence. Would the curse disappear because of the Heaven's Derivation Essence?
He would know after taking a look. Luo Zheng made up his mind and said to King Yan, "King Yan, I also want to go and pick up the trash …"
Yue Ying was still worried about the pile of ores. When she heard that Luo Zheng wanted to pick up the trash, she was puzzled. "Why do you want to pick up the trash …? Even if you are lucky, you can only find one or two Divine Weapons among the cursed weapons. You might as well mine."
Just the ores piled up like a mountain beside Yue Ying, if they were to sell them in the Four Great Divine Kingdoms, they would be able to purchase five or six saint artifacts.
"Yue Ying is right. With your strength, there is no need to pick up the trash." King Yan did not agree, but for some reason, he had a premonition that Luo Zheng did not go to the armory to pick up the trash.
"It's okay. I am just curious. I will definitely come back to mine later!" Luo Zheng replied with a smile. As he said this, Luo Zheng raised his head slightly and met Huo Yuner's gaze.
Although Luo Zheng went in and out of the pyramid, how sharp were his senses? He could naturally feel Huo Yuner's gaze on him.
As their eyes met, Huo Yuner suddenly revealed an elegant and gentle smile. She jumped down from the pyramid. Because of the suppression of the power of blood sacrifice, no one could fly, but Huo Yuner was able to release a fiery red shield of true essence. She glided several dozen feet and arrived in front of Luo Zheng.
"I will go with you to take a look!" Huo Yuner said to Luo Zheng with a smile.
Huo Yuner's purpose of exploring the Heavenly Feather Sacred Sea and entering the Feather Emperor Mystic Realm was not for the ores and treasures, but for training.

Chapter 837
When they passed by Huo Yuner and Luo Zheng, some warriors couldn't help gossiping and whispering.
"What do you think is going on with Princess Huo of the Tianfeng Divine Nation? Why does she always follow Luo Zheng around? "
"Who would've thought that she would even lend out her Quasi God Weapon at the West Dragon River …"
"Luo Zheng really has good luck with women. If Huo Yuner likes me, it'll be worth it even if I die!"
Those god-grade geniuses weren't talking about Luo Zheng, but about Huo Yuner. They didn't let Luo Zheng and Huo Yuner hear them.
Walking along this straight road for about two or three miles, a continuous wall appeared in front of them. When Luo Zheng and Huo Yuner walked in, they found that the fence was actually a dragon-shaped sculpture.
The dragon's long body made a circle, and its head and tail were the pillars of the armory's main entrance.
After entering the dragon-shaped fence, there were continuous warehouses inside. Some god-grade geniuses were still coming out of those warehouses.
"Those weapons should be displayed in these warehouses." Huo Yuner took the lead and walked into one of the warehouses after taking a glance.
After entering, Luo Zheng's eyes swept over the big boxes in the warehouse.
These boxes were all made of pure copper. The surface of the boxes had been specially treated, so there was no green rust. They still shone with a brass luster.
Most of the copper chests had been opened, and many weapons had fallen out of the chests, scattered on the ground.
"The surface of these weapons …"
At first glance, these weapons were all new and shiny, as if no one had used them before.
But if one looked carefully, they would be able to see that there was a faint black smoke emitting from these weapons …
"What a strong curse power." Huo Yuner slowly walked over and picked up a weapon. It was a middle-grade immortal tool, an exquisite short spear. She shook it lightly, and a little black smoke escaped from the body of the spear, visible to the naked eye.
Luo Zheng didn't care about the curse power in the weapon. He was more concerned about whether he could extract the Heaven's Divination essence from it.
While Huo Yuner was sizing up the long spear, Luo Zheng had already walked into the depths of the warehouse. On the left and right sides of the warehouse, there were copper boxes neatly placed. Each copper box had been opened, and the originally neatly arranged weapons were thrown inside in a mess.
These were the leftovers of the god-level geniuses who were "picking up trash".
"I can't get rid of this curse power, but if I can extract the Heaven's Divination Essence from it, it will be enough for me." Luo Zheng picked out a large saber from a copper box. This saber should be the standard equipment of the Dragon Bloodline Clan. Although it was only a mid-grade immortal artifact, its workmanship was extraordinary.
Luo Zheng glanced around and saw that Huo Yuner didn't follow him. He gently closed his eyes and began to communicate with the mysterious furnace in his mind.
As the mysterious furnace slowly rotated, a black flame shot out from the furnace.
Luo Zheng was already familiar with using the black flame to refine weapons. The black flame was very intelligent. After shooting out from between Luo Zheng's eyebrows, it circled slightly in the air and then gently wrapped around the large saber.
The large saber embedded in the shaft instantly melted into molten iron. Then, the molten iron dissolved and finally condensed into a ball of Heaven's Divination Essence!
After all, it was a mid-grade immortal artifact. The amount of Heaven's Divination Essence that could be refined into a Profound Artifact and a Spiritual Artifact was much more than a hundred drops. This ball of Heaven's Divination Essence was enough for Luo Zheng to light up 20 dragon scales.
However, Luo Zheng wasn't in a hurry to absorb the Heaven's Divination Essence. This was because he saw a faint black smoke on top of the Heaven's Divination Essence.
"The black flame can refine all weapons and Dharma treasures, but it can't burn away the power of the curse." Luo Zheng frowned. This wasn't good news for Luo Zheng.
So many weapons hadn't been taken away by the four Divine Kingdoms because these weapons were cursed. The power of the curse might be difficult to remove!
If he absorbed the Heaven's Divination Essence, would it cause negative effects?
Looking at the ball of Heaven's Divination Essence emitting black smoke, Luo Zheng's face revealed a hesitant expression.
In fact, Luo Zheng had a faint idea. Qinglong had once said that if he could obtain a large amount of Heaven's Divination Essence, it would be enough to help Qinglong build a Heaven's Divination Body. It was equivalent to helping Qinglong reconstruct a body.
There were countless weapons left in this armory. Most of them were Spiritual Artifacts and Immortal Artifacts. There were even many Sacred Artifacts!
Just the Immortal Artifacts alone were enough to refine a large amount of Heaven's Divination Essence. A Sacred Artifact contained a large amount of Heaven's Divination Essence. If he absorbed all of these weapons, perhaps Luo Zheng could help Qinglong reconstruct a body!
This Heaven's Divination Body wouldn't be too large. It couldn't be restored to the length of Qinglong's body. However, it would be about the size of an ordinary flood dragon.
Even so, it would be enough to help Luo Zheng. It would be a great help to him for the time being.
Now, the problem was the curse here …
"Let's try it first!"
Luo Zheng's Sacred Artifact Body was impervious to poison. However, this black smoke wasn't poison. It was a curse. He wasn't sure if he could withstand it.
Then, the Heaven's Divination Essence entered Luo Zheng's glabella.
He had indeed absorbed the Heaven's Divination essence. Above the mysterious furnace, more than twenty dragon scales on the surface of the Azure Dragon's body were lit up. Luo Zheng did not seem to feel anything out of the ordinary …
"I'm fine?" Luo Zheng revealed a relaxed smile. Perhaps he was worrying too much.
The black fire continued to churn and flew directly into one of the copper boxes. Inside this huge copper box, there were more than a hundred middle-grade Immortal Artifact sabers. As the black fire continued to sway, the sabers were like soft candles that were quickly melted by the black fire.
At the same time, the Heaven's Divination Essence rapidly flowed down. Drop by drop, they absorbed each other and sparkled like flowing mercury, forming a huge ball of Heaven's Divination Essence.
A single saber could produce more than a hundred drops of Heaven's Divination Essence. The sabers in this huge copper box could produce more than ten thousand drops of Heaven's Divination Essence! It was enough to light up two thousand dragon scales.
In the past, Luo Zheng had to pay for the weapons he smelted himself …
Now that Luo Zheng was sitting in this armory, there were middle-grade Immortal Artifacts everywhere. In other warehouses, there might be a sea of high-grade Immortal Artifacts or even Saint Artifacts!
It was as if Luo Zheng was sitting on a mountain of treasures, or a little bird flying into a huge granary. Luo Zheng began to devour the Heaven's Divination Essence without restraint.
After smelting the large blade in one of the large copper boxes, the wisp of black flame gently floated and directly drilled into another large copper box. It directly drilled a small hole in the two inch thick copper box. After which, it quickly began to smelt the blade within.
The weapons in this copper box were Wolf Fang Hammers. Although they were both middle-grade Immortal Artifacts like the sabers, the Wolf Fang Hammers were heavier and made with more materials. Therefore, each Wolf Fang Hammer produced more Heaven's Divination Essence!
One box, two boxes, three boxes, four boxes, five boxes …
The middle-grade Immortal Artifacts in these copper boxes were all burned up by the black fire! In just a few hours, Luo Zheng had absorbed more than sixty to seventy thousand drops of Heaven's Divination Essence.
Qinglong's dragon scales were lit up one by one. Looking at the large green dragon scales shining with a green light, Luo Zheng smiled again. Qinglong was still in a deep sleep. After helping him block the little monster's attack, it and the red dragon seemed to be too tired and hadn't woken up yet. Luo Zheng wondered if it would be shocked when it woke up.
"I've lit up a total of fourteen thousand dragon scales …"
The power of a thousand dragon scales was almost equivalent to the full force of a Divine Sea Realm cultivator's physical body.
What if it was the power of these fourteen thousand dragon scales? The power would be unimaginable. But even with Luo Zheng's current Saint Artifact body, it would be difficult for him to withstand it.
＝＝＝＝＝

Chapter 838
Even if a Divine Sea Realm expert used all of his strength and activated his Protective Zhen Yuan, he still wouldn't be able to withstand one punch from Luo Zheng.
However, Luo Zheng still couldn't fight against a Divine Sea Realm expert. After all, a Divine Sea Realm expert was not only powerful in terms of strength, but also in terms of speed, martial arts, cultivation methods, and comprehension of laws. All of these were better than Luo Zheng's.
Luo Zheng's target was the Golden Leaf. He wanted to use his own strength to smash open the Black Star Pickaxe inside the Golden Leaf!
Thinking of this, Luo Zheng wanted to test the limits of his body.
Therefore, he tried to borrow the power of the dragon scale. However, just as he was about to pour the power of the dragon scale into his body, Huo Yuner's voice came from not far away.
"Luo Tianxing? Where are you? "
Huo Yuner entered the warehouse with Luo Zheng. She was also looking around at these weapons. Looking at the power of curses on them, Huo Yuner was thinking if there was any way to purify the power of curses on these weapons.
Among these Origin Source Laws, some Origin Source Laws would have the effect of returning to the same destination when cultivated to a high level.
For example, the Law of Space, the Law of Thunder, and the Law of Fire all had a similar effect, which was the purification effect.
It was just that the principle behind each purification was slightly different. The Law of Lightning could produce countless tiny bolts of lightning to purify a target, but the Law of Fire was different. The Law of Fire's' purification 'was not so much' purification 'as' incinerating '.
Huo Yuner controlled a special kind of flame, the "Cleansing Flame."
The temperature of this "Cleansing Flame" was not high. In fact, it was very low. Even if this "Cleansing Flame" was placed on dry wood, it couldn't ignite the wood. However, the Cleansing Flame was very effective against negative forces such as the power of curses. Of course, it was also very effective against those evil beings.
However, Huo Yuner wasn't sure if her "Cleansing Flame" would be effective against the power of curses.
Thinking of this, Huo Yuner began to experiment on her own. A milky white flame appeared in her hand and began to burn the curse power on the spear!
Huo Yuner's Cleansing Fire and the black fire in Luo Zheng's mind could be said to be two extremes. The black fire in Luo Zheng's mind could burn almost everything, but Huo Yuner's Cleansing Fire would not cause any damage to weapons.
When the milky white flames appeared, the black smoke on the long spear began to disappear!
"Effective!" Huo Yuner also revealed a pleasantly surprised expression. However, she was only happy. For other God-ranked geniuses, if they could obtain a few saint tools from these cursed weapons, it would be very profitable. However, for Huo Yuner, the value of saint tools in her eyes wasn't much higher than trash.
Even if her Cleansing Fire had such an effect, she was too lazy to "purify" all these weapons.
At this time, Huo Yuner suddenly realized that Luo Zheng seemed to have gone inside the warehouse. She threw away the purified spear and went to look for Luo Zheng.
"Luo Tianxing …"
She softly called out a few times and saw Luo Zheng's figure suddenly flash out. Huo Yuner glanced at him and reached out to cover her small mouth. "Luo Tianxing, you, what happened to you?"
Luo Zheng saw Huo Yuner looking at him in surprise and was extremely puzzled. What happened to him? He had just swallowed a lot of Heaven's Evolution Essence. However, other people should not be able to tell that he had swallowed the Heaven's Evolution Essence, right?
However, Huo Yuner's next words gave Luo Zheng a fright. "Did you eat those weapons …"
These words made Luo Zheng's heart beat wildly. He did not want anyone to know that he had swallowed the Heaven's Evolution Essence. After all, it involved the black fire and the mysterious furnace. Up until now, the only person who knew about this was probably Xun, and Xun was still in the form of a soul attached to his body.
"What do you mean?" No matter how Huo Yuner saw through it, Luo Zheng would not admit it.
Huo Yuner pointed at Luo Zheng's face and said, "If you hadn't swallowed those weapons, how could the power of the curse be in your body? Your body has been smoking all this time … "
Luo Zheng did not know that after he had absorbed the Heaven's Evolution Essence, the power of the curse had not disappeared. Instead, it had gathered in his body.
And this was where the problem came from.
What Luo Zheng did not know was that the power of the curse had a lot of damage to living beings, and this damage came from two aspects.
The power of the curse would constantly seep into the physical body and then slowly erode the person's mind, causing the person's mind to constantly distort and even become abnormal, turning the person into a madman …
However, this was for warriors who often carried cursed weapons, so no one was willing to carry these weapons.
Judging from the characteristics of the power of the curse, it had the same effect as poison, but Luo Zheng's sacred tool body was completely immune to this effect.
However, the power of the curse had another effect, which was to make these weapons easier to break. The strength of these weapons was about half of what it was before the curse. Luo Zheng was afraid that he would have to pay attention to this negative effect, because his body was a sacred tool body. After being contaminated by the power of the curse, the strength of his physical body would be greatly reduced!
Luo Zheng did not know the effects of the power of the curse, but he would definitely not let the black smoke continue to come out of his body …
Therefore, when he heard Huo Yuner's words, Luo Zheng was shocked. He directly picked up a large saber from another copper box. The shiny blade was like a mirror. Looking at himself through the mirror of the blade, he saw that there was indeed black smoke lingering in his body.
This was a bit troublesome. Luo Zheng's heart suddenly sank. He immediately asked, "Does the power of the curse have any effect?"
"I don't know …" Huo Yuner blinked her eyes and stared at Luo Zheng with a face full of curiosity. She just couldn't figure out how Luo Zheng got the power of the curse into his body. Ordinary people couldn't do it even if they wanted to, right? Unless they wore these cursed weapons for a long time.
Could it be that he had really swallowed the weapons into his stomach? This was an immortal tool. No matter how strong his physical body was, it was impossible for him to digest an immortal tool.
Seeing Huo Yuner staring at him so curiously, Luo Zheng's face revealed a helpless expression. Huo Yuner might be easy to fool. If he didn't say anything, she wouldn't ask. However, the others were not so easy to fool. If those almighty Divine Sea Realm experts saw him and interrogated him, he would be in a lot of trouble.
However, Luo Zheng really didn't have a solution now.
Seeing Luo Zheng's tangled expression, Huo Yuner smiled slightly. Her beautiful eyes revealed a calm expression. She said, "I don't know what the consequences of the power of the curse are, but it's definitely not good. However, I can purify it!"
"You can purify it?" Luo Zheng was surprised.
"Yes," Huo Yuner said seriously. She was the kind of woman who didn't know how to joke.
"Since you can purify it, then you …" Luo Zheng's face revealed a dumbfounded smile.
According to Luo Zheng's logic, with this kind of ability, he would naturally purify all these weapons one by one and then sell them … However, Huo Yuner was a dignified princess of the Divine Kingdom. How could she be interested in these immortal tools and sacred tools?
Huo Yuner probably guessed what Luo Zheng wanted to say. She smiled knowingly and said to Luo Zheng, "Don't move!"
After saying that, a milky white flame rose from Huo Yuner's hand. Luo Zheng didn't feel any heat from this flame.
"What kind of flame is this?" Looking at this milky white flame, Luo Zheng's face revealed a stunned expression.
"This is the Purifying Flame, a flame that can purify everything," Huo Yuner said as she slowly pushed the flame towards Luo Zheng.
Under the burning of this flame, Luo Zheng didn't feel any heat. Instead, he felt a trace of coldness from it.
Luo Zheng also felt that there was such a flame in the world. However, under the invasion of this coldness, Luo Zheng's mind became abnormally pure!

Chapter 839
At this moment, Huo Yuner was very close to Luo Zheng. She was constantly releasing the Cleansing Fire, slowly pushing it into Luo Zheng's body.
From Luo Zheng's angle, he could see the serious expression on her face.
Because his thoughts were constantly being cleansed by the Cleansing Fire, Luo Zheng didn't have any desires. Therefore, Luo Zheng's state of mind fell into a very strange state. Even in this state of no distracting thoughts, Luo Zheng was still able to admire the Divine Kingdom Princess in front of him with an extremely pure state of mind.
In Luo Zheng's eyes, Huo Yuner's porcelain white skin, pitch-black deep eyes, dense eyelashes that were constantly trembling, and long hair that was appropriately draped over her shoulders were like exquisite works of art ….
However, when Huo Yuner was stared at by Luo Congheng's "pure" gaze, two red clouds immediately appeared on her fair cheeks. Her fingers trembled slightly, and the Cleansing Fire kept jumping in her hand, as if it was beating at the same frequency as her heart.
Fortunately, her Cleansing Fire wasn't harmful. Even if it pulsed randomly, it wouldn't burn Luo Zheng.
Luo Zheng had absorbed so much Heaven's Evolution Essence, and the curse power within the weapons had also been completely absorbed by Luo Zheng. The amount of curse power gathered together was quite large.
Even though Huo Yuner's Cleansing Fire had extraordinary purifying abilities, this martial skill, although not very powerful, required one to have perfect control over the Law of Fire. Therefore, even though she had comprehended the third level of the Law of Fire, she could only transform her True Essence into a Cleansing Fire as thick as a thumb. It would still take a lot of time to purify all the curse power.
Even under the Cleansing Fire's Cleansing Fire, the curse power that Luo Zheng had absorbed was constantly dissipating. After a full hour, Huo Yuner's forehead was already covered in fine beads of sweat, and the curse power that was escaping from Luo Zheng's body was gradually decreasing.
"Phew … Done!" Huo Yuner let out a long sigh, and a comfortable smile appeared on her face.
However, even after Huo Yuner extinguished the Pure Flame, Luo Zheng still stared at Huo Yuner in a daze. During this hour, his state of mind had really entered a wonderful state.
In Luo Zheng's opinion, Huo Yuner's' Cleansing Flame 'had many other uses besides expelling the power of curses. For example, if a cultivator was cultivating and was unable to calm down, they would often have many distracting thoughts. If one had this' Cleansing Flame ', they would be able to instantly eliminate these distracting thoughts.
Just now, without any distracting thoughts, Luo Zheng stared at Huo Yuner for half an hour. In this state, Huo Yuner's face was imprinted in Luo Zheng's mind like a blank piece of paper.
Therefore, in Luo Zheng's mind, he had a very strange feeling about Huo Yuner. This feeling was not love, but rather a feeling similar to the feeling of intimacy a chick would feel when it saw a hen for the first time after it hatched from its shell.
Huo Yuner found that Luo Zheng was still staring at her. How could she know what Luo Zheng was thinking? She said with an unnatural expression, "You still haven't told me how you got the power of curses into your body!"
"This …" Luo Zheng didn't know how to answer directly. After thinking for a while, he said with a smile, "Just think of it as me eating these weapons!"
Huo Yuner's face was full of disbelief. However, with her temperament, she didn't continue to ask. She had never been aggressive. If Luo Zheng didn't want to say something, she naturally wouldn't force him to say it.
However, even if a cultivator wore these cursed weapons, they wouldn't be affected by the power of curses in a short period of time. It would take some time for the power of curses to take effect and erode the body.
Even if Luo Zheng really swallowed the weapons, it was impossible to absorb the power of curses into his body in a short period of time. Moreover … Huo Yuner's eyes swept over the copper boxes in front of her. They were empty. There wasn't even a single weapon. What was going on?
This Luo Tianxing …
She had originally been quietly observing Luo Zheng. However, after entering the Heavenly Feather Sacred Ocean, she realized that not only did her observation learn more about Luo Zheng, this fellow became more and more mysterious. It was as if he had countless secrets on him.
However, unearthing a person's secrets was indeed very interesting. To Huo Yuner, exploring the Heavenly Feather Sacred Ocean was like a vacation. Unearthing Luo Zheng's secrets was also like a small game!
Since Luo Zheng had already swallowed so much Sky Spill Essence, he couldn't wait to pour out the power in his body. Thus, he left the armory with Huo Yuner and returned to the pyramid.
At this time, most of the cultivators who were "picking up trash" had returned from the armory. Because the danger of the Ore Devouring Bugs had been eliminated, many god-level geniuses had returned to the mining trees to mine.
Thus, the cultivators trading in front of the pyramid became active again!
Seeing Luo Tianxing return, Yue Ying hurriedly waved her hand and said with a face full of joy, "Brother Tianxing, Brother Tianxing! I received another thirty-six Life Origin Stones! "
Those god-level geniuses had already grasped Yue Ying's mentality. This year, all the Life Origin Stones had been bought by Yue Ying and Luo Zheng. Now, the Life Origin Stone had become a rare item. It was even rarer than other rare ores …
The reason was very simple. Other rare ores that were dug up might not be suitable for use, or they might not need them at all and could only be exchanged. However, the Life Origin Stones that were dug up could be exchanged directly with Yue Ying for the ores that they needed.
Moreover, the Life Origin Stones were getting fewer and fewer. The price that Yue Ying offered was also getting higher and higher. The value that she offered had already far exceeded the value of the Life Origin Stone itself!
Yue Ying obviously knew Luo Zheng's goal. Now, it was a big sale at a loss. No matter what, as long as she used the Life Origin Stone to exchange, she would try her best to satisfy the other party's request.
Although Yue Ying was very unwilling, in order to help Luo Zheng exchange for the Life Origin Stone, she could only use this method.
Luo Zheng smiled and nodded. Although Luo Zheng's goal had changed, he could still use the Life Origin Stone.
Even if he used those cursed weapons to refine the Heaven's Divination Essence and lit up tens of thousands of dragon scales, Luo Zheng still did not have the confidence to smash the Golden Leaf and take out the Black Star Pickaxe!
Therefore, the Life Origin Stone was still Luo Zheng's choice. At most, he would take a portion of the Life Origin Stone this year and make a comeback next year!
At this time, Huo Chen also appeared in the circle of light. His face was full of excitement as he ran towards Huo Yuner and shouted, "Sister, sister! Look at this ore of mine! "
In Huo Chen's hand was a bright red stone. The surface of the stone looked rugged and sharp, forming a curling fire cloud. It looked very beautiful.
"What kind of stone is this?" Huo Yuner blinked her eyes and curiously stared at the ore.
The siblings of the Huo Family did not know much about ores. Seeing Huo Chen's excited appearance, Huo Yuner also curiously stared at the ore.
Luo Zheng also stared at the ore with a puzzled expression. Aside from the ore's unique shape, he could not see anything special about it. The fire clouds were distributed in such a regular pattern that it was most likely carved by hand.
Although Luo Zheng himself lacked the ability to identify ores, with his instincts and perception, he could roughly distinguish between good and bad ores. Although there were quite a few trash ores among the ores he threw to Yue Ying, more than 70% of them were still very rare.
"This is the Black Heart Fire Ore! It is very useful for martial artists who cultivate the Law of Fire! Sister, I'll give it to you! "Huo Chen said with a face full of smiles.
Hearing Huo Chen say this, Luo Zheng's expression became even more strange. Yue Ying blinked her eyes and curiously asked, "Black Heart Fire Ore? How come I've never heard of this ore? "
There were thousands of types of ores in the Ore Tree, but Yue Ying recognized almost all of them. The only thing she had never heard of was the Black Heart Fire Ore.
She blinked her eyes and looked at the stone in Huo Chen's hand. In her heart, she thought that Huo Chen was a simple and honest person. Could he have been deceived by someone? If this stone was dug out by himself, then it would be fine. But if it was traded from someone else, then it would be a great loss.
Thinking of this, Yue Ying used a true essence sound transmission to tell Luo Zheng her thoughts.

Chapter 840
Huo Chen didn't know why Luo Zheng asked such a question. Instead, he said in a dull voice, "I didn't dig it out. Liu Xiu sold it to me. What about it?"
Hearing Liu Xiu's name, Huo Yuner frowned slightly. Among the four princes of the four Divine Kingdoms, other than her younger brother who was simple and honest, she didn't like the other three. Especially the Great Yu Divine Kingdom's Crown Prince Liu Xiu, who was extremely sinister and cunning. Although Huo Yuner didn't have much contact with him, he definitely didn't leave a good impression on her.
Therefore, Huo Yuner immediately asked, "How many True Origin Stones did you spend to buy it?"
Huo Chen replied, "Nine thousand …"
The True Origin Stones mentioned here were naturally top-grade True Origin Stones.
Nine thousand top-grade True Origin Stones was definitely not a small number for a Divine Kingdom's Crown Prince. It was equivalent to more than half of Huo Chen's net worth.
Huo Yuner took the Fire Core Ore from Huo Chen's hand and frowned even more.
Seeing his sister's expression, Huo Chen said, "Sister, they demonstrated that this ore can withstand the burning of True Origin Fire. They said that after refining it, it can greatly stabilize the purity of the flame!"
Just as Huo Chen's voice fell, a wisp of flame rose from Huo Yuner's hand. Although the flame in her hand wasn't big, its temperature was extremely intense. The power of the third level of the Law of Fire was no joke!
Under the burning of this pure flame, a crackling sound was emitted from the Crow Heart Fire Ore. Cracks began to appear on the exquisite fire clouds above the Crow Heart Fire Ore.
In the blink of an eye, the entire Fire Core Ore was burned to pieces …
Huo Chen's eyes widened as he stared blankly at the fragments. His face was filled with disbelief. Huo Chen's strength might not be as strong as Huo Yuner's, but he also cultivated the third level of the Law of Fire. Previously, he used his True Origin Fire to refine the Fire Core Ore. After burning for half an incense stick's worth of time, he still couldn't burn the Fire Core Ore. Why did his sister make a move …
At this time, Huo Chen also understood that he was probably deceived.
In the hearts of Luo Zheng and Yue Ying, it was most likely that Liu Xiu had used some kind of method to deceive Huo Chen. This Huo Chen was not scheming at all, and was a dull and honest person. It was not difficult to deceive him.
Huo Yuner's gaze was indifferent, but her face was already cold. She had an easy-going temperament and never liked to argue with others, but she would never allow others to deceive her little brother!
At this moment, the ring of light on the side of the pyramid flickered slightly. Liu Xiu was carrying a pickaxe and coming out of the mining tree. After Liu Xiu came out, the ring of light also flickered continuously. Some of the warriors following Liu Xiu also left the ring of light.
Although each leaf could only accommodate a single cultivator, Liu Xiu's group could choose to enter through a narrow door. This way, after they entered the ore tree, they would land on several adjacent leaves. Now that Liu Xiu had come out from mining, the Divine Step geniuses that followed him naturally followed.
Huo Yuner held the fragments of the Blackheart Fire Ore and looked at Liu Xiu. Although she was angry in her heart, her voice was still elegant and indifferent. However, her words revealed a majesty that could not be refused.
"Liu Xiu, return the nine thousand True Origin Stones to me. Take these things back and let bygones be bygones."
This time, after entering the Feather Emperor's Mystic Realm to mine, Liu Xiu's harvest was quite bountiful. He was also in a good mood. After calculating, other than that abnormal Luo Zheng, the other Crown Princes and Divine Step geniuses' harvest should not be able to compare to his.
As for Luo Zheng, although he was envious, the income from Yue Ying alone was probably more than a hundred thousand top grade True Origin Stones. He simply could not compare. However, this did not matter. In Liu Xiu's eyes, Luo Zheng was no different from a dead man. That brat was too sharp, and his Imperial Father would not let him go.
Hearing Huo Yuner's words, Liu Xiu's eyes flashed. He looked at the pile of fragments in Huo Yuner's hands and knew that his trick had been exposed. However, he did not show the slightest bit of nervousness. Instead, he replied seriously, "Oh? What is this? "
"The stone you sold to Huo Chen is fake. Please return the True Origin Stones to Huo Chen." Seeing that Liu Xiu was playing dumb, Huo Yuner's brows furrowed even more. She was kind-hearted and pure, and did not guard against strangers. However, she was unable to accept others lying to her younger brother.
Hearing Huo Yuner's words, Liu Xiu chuckled. "Princess Yuner, that's not right. When did I say that this stone is real?"
"You, you clearly …" Huo Chen was also anxious. Just as he was about to speak, Liu Xiu interrupted him. "What about me? Huo Chen, did I tell you that this stone is real? "
"Did I also remind you that I can't grasp the value of this stone?"
"Also, didn't I say that I don't want to sell it to you?"
"You were the one who insisted on buying it. Moreover, you swore that regardless of whether it was real or fake, you wouldn't pursue the matter, right?"
Liu Xiu was very eloquent. Even Huo Chen was unable to say a single word. In the end, he could only hold it in until his face turned red and he nodded.
Liu Xiu's words were indeed true. In reality, he had only played a small game with a few god-tier geniuses and easily lured Huo Chen.
"Princess Yuner, your younger brother has already admitted it. Isn't this matter very clear? I already said that I won't sell it to him. This Huo Chen should have bought it. Now that you're looking for trouble with me, isn't that inappropriate? "Liu Xiu questioned.
Facing Liu Xiu's questioning, Huo Yuner did not know how to answer. She was not someone who was particularly good at refuting. When Liu Xiu opened his mouth, all the logic was on his side. It seemed that her younger brother was in the wrong.
Seeing Huo Yuner's expression, Liu Xiu revealed a pleased smile. However, he chuckled. "Actually, although Huo Chen forced me to sell this stone to him and it was even burned by you, Princess Yuner, it's not that I can't return it!"
Huo Yuner's expression slightly changed. "What do you mean?"
Liu Xiu smiled and said, "If Princess Yuner were to lend me the jade bracelet you're wearing for a year or so, I would admit that I was unlucky and return these True Origin Stones! What do you think, Princess Yuner? "
The value of the semi-divine tool on Huo Yuner's arm was immeasurable! Ordinary Crown Princes did not have this kind of treatment! Even Liu Xiu, as the richest Crown Prince of the Great Yu Divine Kingdom, only had two "Heavenly Thunder Halberds" that could be ranked as semi-divine tools.
However, the Heavenly Thunder Halberd was a one-time use magic weapon. Previously, in the spirit beast area, Liu Xiu had used one of the Heavenly Thunder Halberds in order to escape. He only had the other Heavenly Thunder Halberd in his hand.
"Hahahaha …" Hearing this, Luo Zheng finally could not help but laugh.
Seeing Luo Zheng laughing so unscrupulously in front of him, Liu Xiu's face sank. "What are you laughing at?"
"I'm laughing at some people who can boast shamelessly. To be able to be shameless to this extent, I really admire, admire!" Luo Zheng said with a faint smile.
"Presumptuous, Luo Zheng, who are you calling shameless?!"
"His Highness is the Crown Prince of the Great Yu Divine Kingdom. How can you insult him?"
"Luo Zheng, it seems that you still don't know your identity. You are just a commoner. In front of the Imperial Family, you are not even a fart!"
Before Liu Xiu could say anything, the God-tier geniuses who followed Liu Xiu began to clamor.
In the four Divine Kingdoms, there was an insurmountable gap between martial artists and mortals, and the Imperial Family also had an insurmountable gap between martial artists and martial artists. This was the power of the Divine Kingdom's Imperial Family.
This kind of narrow-minded thinking was established by the four Divine Kingdoms after thousands of years, but to Luo Zheng, it was not the slightest bit of deterrence!
To put it bluntly, the establishment of a Divine Kingdom was based on one's own strength. If the Imperial Family of a Divine Kingdom lost their strength, then the Divine Kingdom would be in imminent danger. There was no Divine Sea Realm expert here. Luo Zheng's strength could almost sweep away these God-tier geniuses, so why would he put Liu Xiu in his eyes?
Even if Liu Xiu was the Crown Prince of the Great Yu Divine Kingdom, so what? Luo Zheng had the Black Iron Divine Kingdom behind him. Not to mention, Luo Zheng was standing up for Huo Yuner and Huo Chen. Behind them stood the Heavenly Wind Divine Kingdom!
"You guys talk too much nonsense!" Luo Zheng coldly smiled, and his eyes fell on Liu Xiu. "I will only say this once. Return the True Meta Stone to Huo Chen, and this matter will be over. Don't embarrass yourself!"
As soon as these words came out, Liu Xiu's face suddenly became very ugly.
Huo Yuner's strength might be very strong, but Liu Xiu didn't have much of a fear. This Huo Family brother and sister was too naive.
But Luo Zheng had to stand up for them!
If Luo Zheng had been a bit more polite, Liu Xiu might have given in. But his words were too harsh. If he gave in, where would he put his face in the future?
＝＝＝＝＝

Chapter 841
Since the incident at the Heavenly Feather Holy Sea, Liu Xiu had several conflicts with Luo Zheng.
Yu the Great's Kingdom and Luo Zheng had irreconcilable conflicts. Both Bai Yuerong and Battle Emperor Yu the Great wanted to get rid of Luo Zheng.
However, Liu Xiu knew that there was a huge gap between his strength and Luo Zheng's. Therefore, he tried his best to endure these small conflicts. In Liu Xiu's mind, Luo Zheng was like a grasshopper after autumn. He would not be able to survive for more than a few days.
However, Liu Xiu was the Crown Prince of the Kingdom. He was also the most outstanding one among the four Crown Princes of the Kingdom!
There was a limit to his tolerance. It was already very rare for him, the first Crown Prince, to tolerate an insignificant commoner. However, this person was so arrogant. How could Liu Xiu endure it?
An indescribable anger rushed straight to his head!
If it were anyone else, even if it was a guy like the little monster, Liu Xiu would have already attacked. However, thinking of Luo Zheng's abnormal strength, Liu Xiu gritted his teeth and said, "What if I don't return it? What do you want? Do you dare to attack me? "
"Yes, I don't dare to attack you. However, there is no need to!" Luo Zheng smiled faintly. A touch of indifference appeared in his eyes. At the same time, an invisible Soul Coercion slowly spread out!
With Luo Zheng's Soul Coercion that was infinitely close to the Blue Soul Realm, the Soul Coercion released was enough to crush these Immortal Level geniuses, including Liu Xiu! What's more, Luo Zheng's Soul Coercion had merged with the will of the Boundless World!
Because of the conflict here, many warriors who had left the mining tree did not enter the pyramid again. Instead, they watched the conflict here.
In fact, most of the warriors knew that even if there was a conflict between Liu Xiu and Luo Zheng, it would be difficult for them to fight.
The reason was simple. At the West Dragon River, Luo Zheng suffered a blow from Battle Emperor Yu the Great. However, he was still safe and sound. In other words, the Divine Sea Realm warriors could not do anything to Luo Zheng without activating their Realm.
In this way, warriors below the Divine Sea Realm could not do anything to him!
On the other hand, Luo Zheng wouldn't dare to touch Liu Xiu. Previously, he had already offended the Great Yu Divine Country.
If Luo Zheng fought with Liu Xiu here and injured or even killed him, Battle Emperor Da Yu would definitely not let Luo Zheng go when the Divine Sea Realm came to the Emperor of Feathers Mystic Realm to retrieve the Soul Core.
Therefore, everyone was just here to watch the show.
But as soon as Luo Zheng released his soul pressure, all the god-rank geniuses' faces changed dramatically!
The aura released by Luo Zheng's soul was no less than that of a Spirit Sea Realm warrior. It was even stronger than that of an average Spirit Sea Realm warrior. Plus, there was the will of the universe. How could they resist?
At this moment, everyone felt like they weren't facing a person, but the heavens, the earth, the sea, the mountains …
This aura was so majestic and so difficult to resist. At this moment, even the Battle Emperors and Battle Emperors would have to bow their heads!
At first, the god-rank geniuses behind Liu Xiu were still trying to resist Luo Zheng's soul pressure. How could they be willing to be forced back by a kid in the middle stage of the False Tribulation Realm?
However, as Luo Zheng's soul pressure kept increasing, those god-rank geniuses finally couldn't stand it anymore. One, two, three … Their legs were trembling. At the same time, they almost couldn't help but retreat!
Liu Xiu was the only one left. He stood firmly on the spot and stared at Luo Zheng. He gritted his teeth and said, "Luo Zheng! Don't go too far! "
Luo Zheng didn't attack. He only used his soul pressure to suppress Liu Xiu. The problem was, what was the difference between using such a powerful soul pressure and attacking?
Liu Xiu was wearing an upper-grade Holy Grade necklace called the "Heart Concentrating Necklace". This necklace could eliminate 60% of the opponent's soul attack! In other words, when Luo Zheng released his soul pressure, his necklace could eliminate 60% of the soul pressure!
Holy Grade defensive equipment was very rare. Its value far exceeded that of an ordinary upper-grade Holy Grade defensive equipment. Treasures that could resist soul attacks were even rarer. Therefore, the value of this Heart Concentrating Necklace was comparable to a Demigod Grade defensive equipment.
However, this necklace's style was more feminine. A purple Heart Concentrating Gem was embedded in the center of the necklace. It was this Heart Concentrating Gem that played a crucial role! Because this necklace was made for female warriors, Liu Xiu always wore it inside and didn't let outsiders see it!
Relying on this Heart Concentrating Necklace, Liu Xiu was bitterly holding on in front of Luo Zheng.
"Huh?" Luo Zheng's face revealed a trace of surprise. However, immediately after, an even more intense smile appeared on his face. "Your soul is far from the Battle Soul Realm, but you can withstand my soul pressure! Interesting. Let's see how far you can go! "
After saying that, Luo Zheng lifted his foot and took a step towards Liu Xiu.
With this step, Liu Xiu's face flushed with an unhealthy redness. However, in the blink of an eye, the redness disappeared and was replaced by a deathly pale complexion. However, Liu Xiu continued to grit her teeth and endure.
In fact, Luo Zheng's strength was already at the level of the Divine Sea Realm! However, he hadn't experienced the Life and Death Calamity. He hadn't opened the Divine Sea, and he didn't have his own domain!
However, Liu Xiu didn't want to admit this fact. He still regarded Luo Zheng as someone of the same generation. It was just that Luo Zheng was more outstanding among the younger generation!
It was also because of this that Liu Xiu refused to lower his head! If Luo Zheng was replaced by any other almighty Divine Sea Realm warrior, Liu Xiu would probably concede and lower his head.
One step …
Two steps …
Three steps …
With every step Luo Zheng took, the pressure on Liu Xiu increased. Liu Xiu's face became paler!
After six or seven steps, Liu Xiu's face was as white as a sheet of paper …
"I, I will fight you to the death!"
Liu Xiu couldn't stand it anymore. At this moment, a small halberd appeared in his hand!
Looking at the halberd in Liu Xiu's hand, Luo Zheng's lips curled up. "I heard that although this Heavenly Thunder Halberd is a consumable item, it is still a Semi-Divine Artifact. Its value is immeasurable. Your father must have given it to you to save your life, right?"
"This short halberd can't be bought without three to four hundred thousand top grade True Origin Stones. I just want you to return a mere nine thousand top grade True Origin Stones to Huo Chen. As a dignified Crown Prince, you don't know how to settle this debt? You haven't learned arithmetic yet, right? "
"I know that you have a lot of face. However, even if you are the Crown Prince of the Divine Kingdom, you must learn how to judge the situation. In other words, the Divine Kingdom is just a 'Divine Kingdom'. Even in the Great Thousand World, it is nothing. In the Upper Realm, it is as insignificant as a speck of dust. If you can understand this point, you will know what to do."
Luo Zheng's eyes were cold, and his words were mixed with an irresistible majesty!
Hearing Luo Zheng's words, Huo Yuner's eyes flickered slightly. On one hand, she was grateful to Luo Zheng for helping her and her brother, but on the other hand, Luo Zheng's words enlightened her on another aspect!
She had always been in her father's swaddling clothes, which was why she could be so serene and elegant, and even very willful! However, although her father was the Monarch of the Divine Kingdom, he was destined to be unable to protect her for a lifetime. Not to mention, her future could be even broader. Perhaps she had thought too simply of her life's goal …
Luo Zheng didn't care about 9,000 top-grade True Origin Stones. Yue Ying had already accumulated a huge amount of True Origin Stones by selling ores.
At that time, Liu Xiu also didn't care about these 9,000 top-grade True Origin Stones. If he really returned these True Origin Stones, then he would truly be bowing his head to Luo Zheng. This was something he was unwilling to do no matter what!
Therefore, even if Luo Zheng's words were reasonable, Liu Xiu still refused his proposal. The True Origin Stones in his hands suddenly flashed, and a purple thunder wrapped around the two feet long Heavenly Thunder Combat Halberd!
The runes on the Heavenly Thunder Combat Halberd began to flicker constantly! Obviously, it had been activated by Liu Xiu!
Seeing this scene, all the martial artists' faces changed. Many of them had seen the power of this Heavenly Thunder Combat Halberd. In almost an instant, it had obliterated so many resentful spirits. This Heavenly Thunder Combat Halberd was comparable to a Divine Sea Realm expert!
Many martial artists retreated. Even Yue Ying, Huo Yuner, Huo Chen, and the others distanced themselves from Luo Zheng. If they were affected by the power of this Heavenly Thunder Combat Halberd, even if they didn't die, they would be severely injured!

Chapter 842
Liu Xiu's nerves were stretched taut at this moment! How could he not understand Luo Zheng's math?
The value of this Heavenly Thunder Halberd was simply immeasurable in the four Divine Kingdoms!
In the Upper Realm, the Heavenly Thunder Halberd might only be equivalent to a few hundred thousand top-grade true yuan stones, but in the Lower Realm, even if you had the money, you couldn't buy it. Treasures at the level of semi-divine tools could be regarded as priceless treasures.
Last time, in order to save his life, he had to use the Heavenly Thunder Halberd, which made him extremely distressed. Now, he had to use the last Heavenly Thunder Halberd against Luo Zheng?
"Crackle … …"
The surface of the Heavenly Thunder Halberd was constantly emitting tiny lightning bolts. On the surface of the Heavenly Thunder Halberd, there was a circular red rune. As long as he gently pressed his finger on the red rune, the Heavenly Thunder Halberd would be activated and shoot out in an instant!
His finger was slightly trembling. Luo Zheng in front of him was giving him too much pressure. Even his consciousness was beginning to blur!
At this moment, Liu Xiu also wanted to give up. His instinct was to fear Luo Zheng. That instinct kept reminding him not to oppose this person. This person was absolutely not someone he could provoke.
But at this moment, another voice sounded, "Kill him, as long as you kill Luo Zheng! Even if you have to pay the price of the Heavenly Thunder Halberd, it's still worth it. Father Emperor will definitely reward you greatly! "
A stream of blood pumped out from his madly beating heart. It flowed along his aorta and rushed into his eyes. His eyes were suddenly blood-red. At the same time, his finger pressed down on the rune on the Heavenly Thunder Halberd!
"Buzz ~"
A sharp and ear-piercing sound came from the short Heavenly Thunder Halberd, which made people's ears very uncomfortable.
That was the sound of the lightning force rushing out. Then, from the front part of the Heavenly Thunder Halberd, a huge lightning bolt suddenly burst out.
"Go to hell! This commoner! " Liu Xiu shouted. From the beginning to the end, he didn't put down his dignity. Because of this, he refused to bow down to Luo Zheng.
Although Liu Xiu's voice was covered by the loud sound of thunder, Luo Zheng still clearly heard Liu Xiu's words.
"Hehe …"
Luo Zheng had a smile on his face. In the blink of an eye, his entire body was covered by an incomparably thick lightning bolt!
This enormous power of thunder and lightning was like a river, rushing towards Luo Zheng, extending all the way to an extremely far distance …
"Pa —"
Every single Deity genius was blinded by this dazzling light!
This thick bolt of lightning destroyed everything in its path before finally charging towards the vast Heavenly Feather Sacred Sea! The surface of the Heavenly Feather Sacred Ocean still glowed with a faint golden light. Under the influence of the violent lightning energy, much of the golden light was dispelled …
The dazzling lightning lasted for a long time before it gradually dissipated. Everyone slowly opened their eyes and looked at Luo Zheng with their eyes wide open.
Luo Zheng was still standing in the same place, completely unharmed!
Even a mighty warrior of the Divine Sea Realm would be in a difficult situation when struck by lightning …
However, Luo Zheng still maintained a faint smile. Whether it was his expression or his actions, they didn't change in the slightest!
Seeing this scene, a Deity genius secretly sighed. "This Luo Zheng, is he the incarnation of God …"
"Don't expect to fight against him. If a False Tribulation Realm can do this, he will probably be able to do whatever he wants in the entire Great Thousand World in the future …"
"It's power transfer, the ability of a little monster. However, a little monster can't use it to this extent."
After all, the Heavenly Thunder Combat Halberd was a Quasi Divine Tool. If Luo Zheng only used his physical body to resist the lightning energy, he wouldn't be able to completely resist it. Even with his Saint Tool body, he would probably be seriously injured.
However, Luo Zheng didn't plan to use his physical body to resist from the beginning. The moment Liu Xiu activated the Heavenly Thunder Combat Halberd, he transferred the damage he suffered to the Heavenly Feather Sacred Ocean!
Although the Heavenly Feather Sacred Ocean was only an inland sea, the area of the entire sea was still quite large. No matter how thick the lightning energy was, it could be dissolved by such a large sea. The lightning that attacked Luo Zheng couldn't cause any waves in the Heavenly Feather Sacred Ocean at all!
Luo Zheng released his soul pressure and took another step forward. At the same time, he shook his head and said, "This business of yours is a big loss!"
Liu Xiu clenched his teeth tightly. Looking at the unharmed Luo Zheng, his eyes were filled with disbelief. He suddenly roared, "So what! My father will definitely kill you! You're no match for my father! "
"I don't deny it." Luo Zheng nodded and took another step forward.
"Then why don't you quickly kneel down? I can beg my father to spare your worthless life. Wahahaha!" Liu Xiu had already sunk into madness. His eyes were filled with bigotry.
"You're not qualified." Facing the crazy Liu Xiu, Luo Zheng's eyes were clear and calm. At the same time, he took another step forward!
"Pa!"
At this moment, a soft cracking sound suddenly came from Liu Xiu's body!
Countless fragments suddenly appeared from the Heart Solidifying Gem in the Heart Solidifying Necklace on Liu Xiu's chest. This gem released an invisible protective barrier that blocked Luo Zheng's soul pressure. However, as Luo Zheng pressed closer, the Heart Solidifying Gem could no longer bear the violent pressure and finally cracked!
Liu Xiu's soul was not much stronger than other warriors. Without the protection of the Heart Solidifying Gem, it was equivalent to using his fragile soul to directly face Luo Zheng's pressure!
In just a breath's time, Liu Xiu felt the world spinning. Then, his eyes rolled back, his body stiffened, and he directly fainted.
Looking at Liu Xiu on the ground, Luo Zheng shook his head slightly. However, he didn't plan to kill Liu Xiu.
After merging with the will of the world, Luo Zheng could indeed resist the attack of a Divine Sea Realm warrior. However, Luo Zheng was no match for those who had comprehended the realm. Once he was enveloped by the realm and cut off from the will of the world, he was no match for the Divine Sea Realm warrior. Therefore, he didn't want to provoke Liu Zan, the Battle Emperor of Yu the Great.
All the Immortal Tier geniuses stared at Luo Zheng in a daze. Their eyes were filled with fear.
They all knew that Luo Zheng was very powerful. Previously, Luo Zheng had only fought with top Immortal Tier geniuses like Yun Longtao, Huo Yuner, and the little monster in the arena. Therefore, everyone acknowledged that Luo Zheng was powerful, but they couldn't tell how powerful he was!
Now, these people deeply understood how terrifying Luo Zheng's strength was!
With Luo Zheng's strength, as long as he had enough time and space, he could kill all the Immortal Tier geniuses here! The gap between them wasn't just the gap of one realm, but the gap of two realms. Although Luo Zheng was only at the middle stage of the False Tribulation Realm …
"He fainted." Luo Zheng smiled. "Let's talk about it when he wakes up!"
Huo Yuner exhaled softly and said, "No need. It's just 9,000 True Meta Stones."
Although it was a huge sum of money for Huo Chen, Huo Yuner was just angry that her brother was deceived by Liu Xiu. She couldn't bear it. However, in terms of real value, 9,000 top-grade True Meta Stones were nothing.
Moreover, Liu Xiu had paid a heavy price for these True Meta Stones. The value of the Heavenly Thunder Halberd he used was immeasurable.
At this moment, Huo Yuner was worried about Luo Zheng. He had already angered Battle Emperor of Yu the Great. If Battle Emperor of Yu the Great came to the Secret Realm of the Feather Emperor, would he directly attack Luo Zheng? If it really came to that, she would definitely intervene!
As long as she stood up, her father would definitely stand up as well … Huo Yuner had already made up her mind.
"Mine!"
Soon, Luo Zheng threw this matter to the back of his mind. He had important matters to attend to! After absorbing so much Heaven Amplification Essence and igniting more than 10,000 dragon scales, his current goal was to smash the Golden Leaf and take out the Black Star Pickaxe. Then, he would head to the top of this mining tree.

Chapter 843
Under the fearful gazes of the Immortal Realm geniuses, Luo Zheng started to climb up the pyramid! In the end, he climbed to the thirty-fifth level.
"What is he doing on the 35th floor?"
"I don't know … I think he went to that narrow door!"
"The Golden Leaf? His target is the Black Star Pickaxe? It's futile. Does he have the confidence to take it out? "
The special narrow door on the 35th floor could fall into the middle section of the mining tree. In other words, it was a light golden leaf. Inside this leaf, there was a supreme artifact.
This information was obtained from the Sky Feather Holy Sea a long time ago. Therefore, most warriors in the four Divine Kingdoms knew about it!
However, everyone knew that there was a supreme artifact here. It was a strange pickaxe, but no one could take it out.
For so many years, many Divine Sea Realm warriors had thought of many ways, but no one could break open that light golden leaf and take the Black Star Pickaxe.
However, Luo Zheng walked in so casually. Did he have a way to open that light golden leaf?
Previously, Luo Zheng gave people the feeling that he could do anything. Therefore, at first, they thought that he could do it. However, after thinking about it carefully, they all shook their heads and denied it.
"Impossible! If the Black Star Pickaxe could be taken out so easily, there would be Divine Sea Realm warriors who got it already! "
"That's right. I think Luo Tianxing is just trying. However, a supreme artifact is not something ordinary. He can't take it out! "
"This guy's brute force is indeed strong. However, he could only injure Battle King Yu the Great. Unless his strength is 10 times stronger, there is still a chance!"
While people were discussing, some warriors even started to climb up the pyramid. The 35th floor was dangerous for Immortal Realm geniuses like them. However, if they ran into green Ore Devouring Bugs and escaped in time, it wouldn't be a big problem as long as they didn't run into purple Ore Devouring Bugs. The purple Ore Devouring Bugs usually lived above the 40th floor. So far, only Luo Zheng had lured them down from the 40th floor.
Therefore, many warriors entered the narrow door on the 35th floor and the narrow door below.
Because each narrow door could only allow one warrior to enter, some brave warriors would even enter the narrow door above Luo Zheng …
Standing on the pale golden leaf, Luo Zheng was speechless as he looked at the people above his head, below his feet, to his left, to his right, and even to his left.
It was just smashing a leaf. What was there to see? He even wanted to come in and watch.
Luo Zheng, on the other hand, did not try to avoid it. Taking away the Black Star Pickaxe would definitely cause a huge commotion, so there was no way he could avoid being noticed. However, he did not like to be surrounded like this.
"Should I lure a purple Ore Devouring Bug to chase these guys away?" Luo Zheng thought so in his heart. But after thinking about it, he decided to let it go. If they wanted to watch a good show, he would let them watch as much as they wanted.
He took a few steps on the pale golden leaf and arrived at the Black Star Pickaxe. Then, he took a deep breath and closed his eyes.
After entering the saint tool body, Luo Zheng did not know how much power he could bear. When he had just absorbed the Sky Evolution Essence, Luo Zheng wanted to test it out. However, he was interrupted by Huo Yuner. Now, he wanted to test it out!
From the moment he closed his eyes, Luo Zheng began to absorb the power of the dragon scales.
One scale, ten scales, one hundred scales, one thousand scales …
When he was in the immortal tool body, Luo Zheng's body could only bear the power of one thousand scales. If he absorbed any more, his body might collapse.
However, this time, Luo Zheng directly opened one thousand scales. Next, he opened two thousand scales!
Luo Zheng could feel the terrifying power slowly flowing through his body. It was like a condensed liquid, slowly moving through his limbs and bones.
His body was still able to withstand the power of two thousand dragon scales. Again!
Three thousand!
Next, Luo Zheng instantly activated the power of 3,000 dragon scales!
"I can still bear it!"
At this moment, Luo Zheng felt that every cell in his body was expanding. Each of his cells contained an extremely strong power. If all of this power were to be released in an instant, what kind of terrifying state would it reach?
He had not reached his limit yet! He could still bear it!
Luo Zheng took a deep breath again and opened four thousand dragon scales!
"Crack! Crack! Crack!
Crack! "Luo Zheng's bones began to emit violent cracking sounds!
Ever since Luo Zheng's body had been cultivated to a Xuan Artifact, his bones rarely made such a sound because every part of his body was incomparably hard. The reason why such a sound erupted from his body was because the joints in his body were expanding and could not bear the force. That was why such a sound erupted from his body!
Because of the power, every cell in Luo Zheng's body expanded again! At this moment, his body had expanded to its limit!
"Look! Luo Zheng seems to have grown taller! "
"His body seems to have expanded by two times!"
"How on earth did he do it? I feel that his body is filled with power! "
Above Luo Zheng's head and on the leaves on both sides, many warriors were lying on the edge of the leaves and watching. The braver warriors were focused on the changes in Luo Zheng's body. The timid warriors glanced at him and looked around. If the Ores Devouring Bugs came, they only needed to turn over slightly and they would be able to escape from the leaves …
"Is this the limit? Is this the limit? "Luo Zheng frowned.
He felt a swelling pain coming from every part of his body. He was unable to control the power of four thousand dragon scales!
"Alas, it seems that I still have to undergo Body Forging! It's just that I haven't collected enough Primordial Astral Body! " After attaining the Immortal Artifact Body, Luo Zheng had undergone Body Forging. His body had become much stronger. However, after Luo Zheng entered the Divine Artifact Body, he did not have the opportunity to undergo Body Forging. After all, the red dragon was now in a deep sleep.
Would the power of four thousand dragon scales be enough to break open this golden leaf?
Luo Zheng frowned. His face revealed a hesitant expression … No! He quickly denied this idea.
These Divine Sea Realm warriors had thought of many ways to take away the pickaxes in the golden leaf. Although only one Divine Sea Realm warrior could enter the golden leaf, there were still several Divine Sea Realm warriors on the left, right, above, and below. If they all attacked together, they still could not break the golden leaf. It was estimated that the power of four thousand dragon scales alone would not be enough to break it open.
"Five thousand!"
Luo Zheng did not hesitate. He continued to borrow more dragon scales!
However, just as the power of five thousand dragon scales burst out, Luo Zheng felt severe pain! This pain came from every cell in Luo Zheng's body. The degree of pain was imaginable! It was unbearable!
"Selfless … Realm!"
At this moment, Luo Zheng used a technique that he had previously used. Under the state of Selflessness, Luo Zheng could temporarily forget about the pain in his body. He was like a bystander, treating his body as if he was a spectator.
In fact, the Selfless Realm had both advantages and disadvantages. Pain was beneficial to the human body. When the body felt pain, it was actually the body telling you that it had exceeded its capacity or that there was something wrong with it …
If one could not feel pain, then it would only bring more harm to one's body!
However, Luo Zheng had no other choice. Since he had made the decision, he would try his best.
The power of five thousand dragon scales poured into Luo Zheng's body. Because every part of his body had expanded to the limit, the popping sound disappeared. However, after only one breath, a wound suddenly appeared on Luo Zheng's chest!
"Pop!"
The sound of cloth tearing was heard, and a dark red arrow of blood suddenly appeared on Luo Zheng's chest. The arrow of blood had torn a long strip of his robe at his chest! Luo Zheng's chest was torn open by a huge force. Blood rushed out at an extremely high speed, instantly tearing his clothes apart!
"Pop! Pop! Pop! Pop … "
Then, blood arrows shot out from Luo Zheng's back, legs, and shoulders, tearing his clothes into pieces!
＝＝＝＝＝

Chapter 844
"How did this Luo Zheng get injured? Did anyone attack him? "
"It's really strange … What's going on with this guy?"
"I've seen this situation before. Some warriors can't bear it when they're infused with power, and this happens! But Luo Zheng's body is so tyrannical. What kind of power does it take to achieve this kind of effect? "
Luo Zheng gasped for breath. His expression was extremely solemn. His body was on the verge of collapse. If he continued to infuse more dragon scales, his body wouldn't be able to bear it!
The power of five thousand dragon scales ….
He took a step forward with great difficulty. Even though he was in the state of selflessness and could not feel the pain coming from his body due to the pressure of the power, he was still shocked when he looked at his own body.
Should he activate six thousand dragon scales?
Luo Zheng's face showed hesitation, but he quickly gave up on this impulse. Because after he took a step forward, three or four blood arrows shot out from his body …
"Let's test it out with five thousand dragon scales!"
Since he was already at his limit, Luo Zheng wouldn't be so stupid as to try the power of six thousand dragon scales. If his body really collapsed, even an immortal wouldn't be able to save him.
Then Luo Zheng opened his legs and stepped into a horse stance. He stood steadily on the golden leaf with the Black Star Pickaxe under his feet. Then, Luo Zheng clenched his fists!
"Pu! Pu! Pu … "
The power in Luo Zheng's body continued to flow into Luo Zheng's arms. Every meridian in his arms bulged like a small snake! At the same time, blood arrows began to burst out from his skin. In an instant, the sleeves on his arms had been completely torn into pieces by the blood arrows.
Even so, he still clenched his teeth and slowly raised his fist.
Luo Zheng didn't dare to circulate his true essence and astral essence. Now, Luo Zheng's body had been pushed to the limit. Perhaps if he added a little more power, it would be enough to make his body collapse or even explode!
"Let's unleash this power!"
Then, Luo Zheng's fist smashed heavily on the light golden leaves below.
The speed of his fist was not fast, and it contained such terrifying power, so he did not need to borrow the speed to increase its power …
As his fist slowly approached the leaf, the immense power in his body began to flow towards the golden leaf!
At the same time, Luo Zheng's body began to shrink rapidly! Just now, his physical body had doubled in size, and when he released his power, it had also shrunk in size!
"Clang!"
A deep and heavy voice rang out.
Within a breath of time after the sound rang out, the Golden Leaf suddenly began to sink. It sank a full ten feet, but the leaf still did not show any signs of shattering. The Golden Leaf, which had sunk ten feet, was like a taut bowstring. Then, it quickly bounced back. With this bounce, Luo Zheng was directly thrown into the air!
Luo Zheng was like a fish in a frying pan. He was thrown high into the air by the Golden Leaf. After flipping over, he fell back onto the Golden Leaf …
This huge vibration was quickly transmitted to the entire mining tree. Some warriors, due to their poor eyesight, crouched on the edge of the leaf to watch Luo Zheng. Under this vibration, the edge of the leaf was slippery, so they directly fell off the leaf and into the halo …
"He failed. Just now, Luo Zheng's power actually shook the entire mining tree …"
"That power is really unimaginably strong. I'm afraid that even a Divine Sea Realm warrior can't have such terrifying power!"
"What a pity. Although Luo Zheng is not on the same side as our Da Yu Divine Nation, I really hope that he can smash the leaf and take the Black Star Pickaxe!"
The God-level geniuses were also silent. Many of them showed disappointment on their faces.
Whether Luo Zheng could take the Black Star Pickaxe or not, in fact, they didn't care at all. At this moment, they were all shocked by Luo Zheng's actions. Even the warriors of the Da Yu Divine Nation felt a trace of pity in their hearts.
Luo Zheng, who was crouching on the Golden Leaf, was panting heavily. At this moment, he had already left the Selfless Realm. He could feel the clear pain coming from every part of his body!
He still failed. The power of five thousand dragon scales seemed to be insufficient.
And it seemed that even six thousand dragon scales were not enough …
The reason was very simple. The Golden Leaf was supported by a root that was not very thick. A person with a hammer could not smash the leaf because the root of the leaf had a certain elasticity.
The current situation was the same. Although the root of the Mining Tree was extremely tough, it also had a certain elasticity. It was this elasticity that offset a lot of Luo Zheng's strength.
"If I want to smash the Golden Leaf, I'm afraid I'll need more than ten thousand dragon scales. I have already lit up more than fourteen thousand dragon scales, but my body is unable to withstand such a powerful force. What should I do?" Luo Zheng was in a dilemma.
Although his body was in pain, it was not comparable to Luo Zheng's disappointment!
"Give up, Brother Tianxing!" King Yan's voice suddenly sounded.
King Yan had been standing on the 33rd layer of the leaf. Although he was two layers lower than Luo Zheng, he was directly below Luo Zheng and could see everything clearly.
In fact, many warriors outside had entered. For example, Huo Chen and Huo Yuner had also entered. However, Huo Yuner was a little far from Luo Zheng. She sat quietly on the 36th layer of the leaf with her long legs together in the air. She looked down at Luo Zheng's every move with a trace of pity in her eyes.
Hearing King Yan's voice, Luo Zheng slowly climbed up from the leaf. King Yan continued, "I'll help you get the Origin Stones of Life! Although most of them have been used up every year, there are still some scattered in the four Divine Kingdoms. We'll definitely be able to collect them! "
Just as King Yan finished speaking, Huo Yuner's voice also floated over. However, because she was a little far away, she channeled her True Essence into her voice. "Father still has some Origin Stones of Life. Luo Tianxing, how many Origin Stones of Life are you aiming for? I think we should be able to complete the goal if we pool together! "
"Brother Tianxing … I've collected eight more Origin Stones of Life …" Yue Ying was the last to enter. She sat on the 32nd layer of the leaf and looked up at Luo Zheng.
Hearing their words, Luo Zheng's heart was filled with warmth.
Indeed, Luo Zheng's biggest goal was the Origin Stones of Life. That was to save Ning Yudie.
However, this did not mean that Luo Zheng's goal was only the Origin Stones of Life!
Luo Zheng had never forgotten the young man he met in the Void Spirit Sect. Even though he did not show any hostility to Luo Yan, Luo Zheng understood that if he wanted to see Luo Yan again, he would have to put in a thousand times, ten thousand times more effort than ordinary people!
This was also one of Luo Zheng's life goals!
Although Luo Zheng understood that if he moved forward steadily, he still had a long way to go. There was still a long time for him to grow. However, Luo Zheng would not waste any time. He wanted to grow as fast as possible and challenge the peak one by one until he stood in front of that young man!
Therefore, in the face of this pale golden leaf and the Black Star Pickaxe sealed within, Luo Zheng would definitely not give up.
"Thank you!"
Luo Zheng said indifferently as he poured his True Essence into the Black Star Pickaxe.
This' thank you 'was naturally for Yan Wang, Huo Yun' er, and Yue Ying.
Then, Luo Zheng sat down cross-legged and closed his eyes again. He began to think of a way to break the leaf under his feet.
His body could not bear such a huge amount of power. This point seemed unsolvable, but …
Time passed little by little. Many warriors on the leaf also focused their attention on Luo Zheng. Although this scene was a bit boring, every warrior seemed to be very patient. It was like the night before the climax of a drama. Although it was a bit dull, the audience still waited patiently. They wanted to see what kind of method Luo Zheng would come up with.
"There's no way, there shouldn't be any way!"
"For ten thousand years, how many methods have those Divine Sea Realm experts thought of? Almost all the methods have been thought of! "

Chapter 845
Luo Zheng sat quietly on the leaf. His eyes became calmer and calmer, and the thoughts in his mind became clearer and clearer!
He couldn't release all his power now because of the limitation of his physical body. Now, the biggest problem was to break through this limitation.
Then, the power from the outside world and his own power were essentially the same …
If so, he could also transfer his own power!
After obtaining the Will of the World from the little monster, Luo Zheng could connect with any material in this world!
A flower, a piece of wood, a mountain, a sea …
Everything he saw could establish this incredible connection with Luo Zheng. Even everything he had never seen could be connected with him. Because the memory of the whole world had been firmly stored in Luo Zheng's mind, he was now the spokesperson of this world.
He could feel the original Will of this world. In the future, Luo Zheng would definitely explore it himself, but now was not the time.
Using the method of transferring power, Luo Zheng could bear a huge amount of power without any harm, because any form of power would be replaced by something else. On the West Dragon River, Luo Zheng was replaced by the mountains by the river. Just now, when Liu Xiu's Heavenly Thunder Halberd was blocked, it was the endless ocean of the Heavenly Feather Holy Sea.
Luo Zheng's body could bear the weight of ten thousand dragon scales, or even a hundred thousand dragon scales if he used his own power to transfer them. After all, the burden of his physical body would be borne by something else for Luo Zheng.
The problem was that this method seemed to be unworkable.
Now, he needed to pour all his power on this light golden leaf. If he used the power transfer, it was equivalent to transferring the power of the dragon scales to him …
"Transfer …"
Thinking of this, Luo Zheng slapped his forehead heavily!
Luo Zheng was too rigid. The power transfer could be used in this way!
Seeing Luo Zheng's action and expression, King Yan's eyes flashed, and his expression was quite strange. This guy seemed to have thought of another way?
Huo Yuner blinked her eyes, and the corners of her mouth lifted slightly. She believed that with Luo Zheng's comprehension, he might really be able to find a way!
At this time, Luo Zheng suddenly stood up and stood on the leaf again. Then, he took a deep breath!
"Dragon Scale Power!"
The Qinglong Dragon Scales above the furnace once again blossomed with green light, and the power of the Dragon Scales once again surged into Luo Zheng's body like a tide.
One hundred pieces …
A thousand pieces …
Two thousand …
Three thousand pieces …
Four thousand …
Terrifying power continued to accumulate in Luo Zheng's body!
In the previous test, Luo Zheng had already felt a lot of pressure when he reached 4000. This time, it was the same. Luo Zheng's body expanded again, and his height increased again!
However, Luo Zheng did not hesitate in the slightest. He directly poured in the power of 5,000 dragon scales!
Six thousand!
Seven thousand!
Eight thousand pieces!
Nine thousand pieces …
Luo Zheng's body was already nearing its limit when he had reached five thousand. It was already impossible for him to increase his strength, or else his body would immediately disintegrate.
But this time, Luo Zheng directly broke through 5000 dragon scales, and his strength was still increasing. But this time, Luo Zheng didn't suffer any damage!
"Everyone, look! It's under Luo Zheng's feet! "
"The Golden Leaf seems to be under some kind of heavy pressure. It's actually sinking!"
"What the hell is going on?"
Luo Zheng was only standing on the leaf, but he was actually pressing it down heavily!
Everyone knew how sturdy this leaf was. Even if a dozen mountains were placed on top of it, they still wouldn't be able to press it down. However, Luo Zheng was able to erupt with such power just by standing on top of it. Everyone's heart was filled with shock.
Luo Zheng's gaze was firm, and his eyes became brighter and brighter. It was as if two stars were embedded in his pupils.
"Ten thousand pieces!"
"Eleven thousand pieces!"
"Twelve thousand pieces …"
Just now, Luo Zheng was constantly thinking, but he forgot about the characteristics of his power transfer!
At first, he thought that he couldn't use the power transfer to activate the Dragon Scale Power, because the power transfer could only transfer the power he received to any place in the world!
But on second thought, Luo Zheng thought of another way.
Since he could transfer the power group to any place, how about setting the location on this mining tree, on this leaf?
In other words, Luo Zheng's body could only withstand 4,000 pieces of the Dragon Scale Power!
After 4,000 pieces of the Dragon Scale Power had been transferred by Luo Zheng, and all of it had been transferred to the Golden Leaf!
This was also the reason why Luo Zheng's body didn't collapse after activating more than 10,000 pieces of the Dragon Scale Power.
Thirteen thousand pieces!
Fourteen thousand pieces!
All of the Dragon Scale Power had been activated by Luo Zheng. Among them, 10,000 pieces of the Dragon Scale Power had been completely applied to the leaf, and the other 4,000 pieces were stored in Luo Zheng's body!
The entire Golden Leaf was completely pressed down by Luo Zheng. Under such heavy pressure, the Golden Leaf was on the verge of collapse, and Luo Zheng had stepped on it to its limit!
"It's about time!"
At this point, Luo Zheng once again took a step forward, and he began to continuously transfer the power in his body into his fists!
The blue veins on his arms tightened like small snakes. This time, Luo Zheng had already exerted his power to the limit. If he still couldn't break this leaf … Luo Zheng wouldn't give up.
At worst, he would ask Huo Yuner to come again, and he would once again devour those cursed weapons.
Thinking of this, Luo Zheng's fists suddenly smashed down on the Golden Leaf below.
Originally, the power of 10,000 pieces of Dragon Scale Power had been poured into the leaf. This time, Luo Zheng's Vital Essence erupted, and at the same time, 4,000 pieces of Dragon Scale Power suddenly surged out.
"Bang!"
Both of his fists fiercely smashed down, and a faint crack appeared on the pale golden leaf!
A crack!
Luo Zheng's face revealed a trace of joy!
The faces of the martial artists who were watching from all directions suddenly changed drastically.
"He did it! Luo Tianxing did it! "
"My God, the Golden Leaf that couldn't be broken for so many years was actually broken by Luo Zheng!"
"This … Isn't Luo Tianxing a little too powerful?!"
"Although the Black Star Pickaxe is just a pickaxe, it's still a Supreme-Being artifact!"
"This is big news, this is really big news …"
The various Divine Rank geniuses all had solemn expressions, and all kinds of thoughts flashed through their minds! However, except for a few people, such as Yan Wang, Huo Yuner, and Yue Ying, the others couldn't help but feel jealous! This kind of jealousy seemed to come from their body's instinct, and they couldn't avoid it!
Some of the warriors who were originally looking forward to Luo Zheng breaking the Golden Leaf didn't look forward to it anymore. Instead, they hoped that Luo Zheng would fail. Humans were such contradictory creatures.
"Again!"
Luo Zheng's tall and sturdy figure bent down once again, and his fists smashed down again!
"Bang!"
The second crack appeared on the Golden Leaf, and this crack extended from the first crack.
Everything was difficult at the beginning. After the first crack appeared on the Golden Leaf, this crack became its biggest flaw. Luo Zheng followed this flaw and smashed out more cracks.
"Bang! Bang! Bang … "
Fist after fist smashed on the Golden Leaf, and more cracks appeared.
As the cracks increased, Luo Zheng's eyes narrowed. His slightly trembling fists suddenly emitted streams of True Essence, and then these True Essences turned into dots of starlight that enveloped Luo Zheng's body.
"Stars sink, Earth moves! Break for me! "
Luo Zheng clenched his teeth and punched out one last time.
"Rumble …"
"Ping …"
Everyone suddenly heard a sharp cracking sound. The Golden Leaf under Luo Zheng's feet suddenly cracked from the middle, and at the same time, the stem of the Golden Leaf also broke!

Chapter 846
Although many of the Divine Rank geniuses present knew that they were no match for Luo Zheng, they could no longer remain calm when they saw the Black Star Pickaxe.
Let alone a supreme god artifact, even an ordinary god artifact would cause countless Deity level geniuses to take the risk. Even if they had to risk their lives, they would still take action. This was because the temptation was unimaginably great.
"Whoosh …"
"Whoosh whoosh whoosh …"
In that instant, seven to eight Divine Rank geniuses shot out from the thirty-sixth layer of the leaf! Although they would be pulled down by an invisible gravitational force after leaving the leaf, they could adjust their direction to a certain extent the moment they left the leaf!
Of course, they were all aiming for the pickaxe!
Not only the thirty-sixth layer, but several warriors from the thirty-seventh layer also jumped down and joined the ranks of those fighting for the Black Star Pickaxe.
As for the warriors from the thirty-fourth and thirty-third layers, they were also waiting for an opportunity. Once the Black Star Pickaxe fell, they would also join the fight without hesitation.
When the Golden Leaf was shattered by Luo Zheng, all the fragments, including Luo Zheng and the Black Star Pickaxe, were thrown up due to inertia. Immediately after, they were pulled down by the huge gravitational force.
"Brother Tianxing, be careful!" Yan Wang, who was standing on a leaf not far away, warned. Although Yan Wang was still some distance away from Luo Zheng, he was unable to approach Luo Zheng. At this moment, he could only warn him. Yue Ying and Huo Yuner were also in the same situation.
When Luo Zheng saw the warriors flying down and rushing towards the Black Star Pickaxe, his face sank. He had spent a tremendous amount of effort to obtain the Black Star Pickaxe, but these fellows knew how to take advantage of him! However, how could it be so easy to take advantage of him, Luo Zheng?
"Snatching my item? Courting death! "Luo Zheng coldly snorted. At this moment, the soul pressure in Luo Zheng's mind suddenly erupted!
Previously, when Luo Zheng released his soul pressure, he still held back a lot. Otherwise, with his soul that had fused with the will of the world, these False Tribulation Realm warriors would not even be able to get close to him.
This Black Star Pickaxe was extremely important to Luo Zheng. How could Luo Zheng allow others to touch it?
Therefore, this time, Luo Zheng's soul pressure burst out completely!
Luo Zheng's speed of falling was extremely fast. In the blink of an eye, he had fallen from the 35th floor to the 20th floor together with the Black Star Pickaxe and the fragments of the Golden Leaf. At this moment, he was already quite far away from Huo Yuner and Prince Yan!
However, even though they were separated by more than ten floors, Luo Zheng's soul pressure still made King Yan, Huo Yun 'er, and the other warriors who had not left the leaf turn pale!
"He's so far away, but his Soul Suppression is still so terrifying. I'm afraid Luo Zheng is really angry this time!" King Yan said calmly.
Not far away, Yue Ying coldly snorted, "Big Brother Tianxing risked his life to open this leaf, and these damned fellows still want to sit back and enjoy the fruits of others' work. They are courting death themselves, so they can't blame anyone else!"
Huo Yuner sat on the edge of the leaf and swung her legs. Her gaze was indifferent …
If she had seen this scene in the past, no matter who it was, she would have tried to persuade the other party to stop. Under this kind of Soul Suppression, it would be difficult for those people to survive … However, at this moment, the scales in her heart were completely tilted. She thought in her heart, "Luo Tianxing did the right thing. Who told you to snatch the Black Star Pickaxe? You deserve it."
There were still some warriors on the leaf, and their faces were filled with joy. Just now, they also wanted to rush down and fight, but they were either too far away from Luo Zheng's leaf, or they restrained themselves. Especially those warriors who restrained themselves. When they felt the Soul Suppression, how could they not be happy? Under this kind of Soul Suppression, there was probably no False Tribulation Realm warrior who could survive!
Even though they were so far away, they were still suppressed by Luo Zheng's Soul Suppression. The ten or so Divine Ranked geniuses who were chasing after the Black Star Pickaxe were only one or two zhang away from Luo Zheng. The closest ones were not even one zhang away, and one of them was only a foot away from the Black Star Pickaxe. That Divine Ranked genius had already stretched his hand towards the Black Star Pickaxe, but at this moment, his hand was frozen at this distance, unable to move an inch further …
In an instant, these ten or so Divine Ranked geniuses were corroded by Luo Zheng's Soul Suppression. Streaks of blood flowed out from their mouths, noses, ears, and eyes. During the process of falling, the blood was still flowing out, and from their bodies, no signs of life could be felt.
Soon, Luo Zheng and the Black Star Pickaxe landed at the bottom of the ring of light, and those Divine Ranked geniuses followed closely behind.
On one side of the pyramid, under the flickering ring of light, Luo Zheng stood firmly in the large pit that was previously created, and the Black Star Pickaxe was firmly nailed to the ground.
After one breath, the ring of light above Luo Zheng's head kept flickering, and then, one after another, corpses fell heavily to the ground.
"Puff puff puff puff puff …"
Like rain, the ten or so Divine Ranked geniuses' corpses fell around Luo Zheng, and Luo Zheng stood in the middle of the corpses. His hand was already on the pickaxe, and he was like a real Death God, standing in the middle of the large pit.
Not all of the Divine Ranked geniuses had entered the mining tree. After all, each leaf could only accommodate one warrior. If they were too far away, their vision would be blocked, and they wouldn't be able to see anything. Therefore, most of the Divine Ranked geniuses stayed outside the pyramid.
Now that these Divine Ranked geniuses saw the scene in front of them, each and every one of them was scared out of their wits. At the same time, their faces were filled with vigilance. Could it be that this Luo Zheng had gone crazy and was crazily slaughtering these Divine Ranked geniuses? If that was really the case, there really wasn't anyone here who could stop him!
"He killed so many people! Why is Luo Zheng killing so many people? "
"What is that thing in his hand?! That seems to be … "
"The Black Star Pickaxe buried in the Golden Leaf on the thirty-fifth floor, if I'm not mistaken."
"How, how, how did he get it …"
When the Divine Ranked geniuses outside the pyramid noticed the Black Star Pickaxe, the ten or so corpses had already been thrown far away!
Killing a few Divine Ranked geniuses wasn't a big deal. However, getting the Black Star Pickaxe was too scary. This was something that they couldn't even imagine. Even though the pickaxe was wrapped in the leaf, who had the ability to take it away?
This question had been passed down by word of mouth among the warriors of the four Divine Kingdoms. Now, the answer was as clear as day. Who could do it? Luo Zheng could do it!
Luo Zheng carried the Black Star Pickaxe and walked out of the huge pit. His mind wasn't on these people at all. To Luo Zheng, these Divine Ranked geniuses were nothing. He had already focused all his attention on the Black Star Pickaxe in his hand!
Inside the mining tree, Yan Wang smiled as he looked at the halo below slowly disappearing. He then said, "Let's go out and take a look!"
When the King of Yan took this step, the other ancient martial art practitioners followed behind him. They leaped up one after another and plunged down.
Zhou Ning from the Black Iron Divine Kingdom revealed a faint smile on his face. This Luo Tianxing had already exceeded his expectations. However, this guy was always able to exceed his expectations again and again.
Zhou Ning had previously felt the threat of competition from Yan Wang. Therefore, he had started to suppress Yan Wang. All along, he had been holding the absolute advantage. However, now, because of Luo Zheng, Zhou Ning would be suppressed by Zhou Zhihua.
However, at the end of the day, they were still brothers. Perhaps they didn't need to compete so fiercely. Zhou Ning's face revealed a look of relief. He then left the leaf.
Everyone returned to the outside of the pyramid. Luo Zheng stood alone not far away. He held the Black Star Pickaxe in his hand and frowned slightly.
Luo Zheng couldn't tell what material the Black Star Pickaxe was made of. Most importantly, Luo Zheng couldn't find anything special about the Black Star Pickaxe no matter how he turned it over and over.
"This is the so-called supreme artifact? The question is, what's so special about it? "
Whether it was the Semi-Divine Artifact on Huo Yuner's arm or Liu Xiu's Heavenly Thunder Combat Halberd, the aura and power contained within them were far beyond that of ordinary Divine Artifacts.
However, apart from the fact that the Black Star Pickaxe was extremely hard, Luo Zheng couldn't tell which part of it looked like a Divine Artifact. Moreover, it was a supreme artifact …
＝＝＝＝＝

Chapter 847
Everyone stared at Luo Zheng. Although many of the god-ranked geniuses had greedy looks on their faces, the corpses in the pit were still vivid in their eyes.
Snatching something from Luo Zheng's hands? That wasn't taking a risk. That was simply courting death!
Therefore, everyone could only keep a certain distance from Luo Zheng and look at him from afar.
This Black Star Pickaxe was very short and small, so it looked like a small hammer. After observing it for a long time, Luo Zheng still couldn't figure out the secret behind it.
"Does this pickaxe need to be activated with true energy?"
Thinking of this, a strand of true energy appeared in Luo Zheng's hand and poured into the pickaxe.
Generally speaking, true energy could easily invade weapons. However, he faintly felt that this pickaxe seemed to reject true energy. His true energy simply couldn't be poured into it …
"Perception …"
Next, Luo Zheng used his soul perception. However, just as he touched the Black Star Pickaxe, he was also blocked by an invisible force.
"Do I need to drip blood to recognize it as the owner?"
Luo Zheng blinked his eyes and gently flicked his finger. A strand of blood shot out. However, before the blood could splash onto the Black Star Pickaxe, it slid to the sides.
This …
Looking at the Black Star Pickaxe, which was impervious to everything, Luo Zheng suddenly felt as if he had entered a treasure mountain but returned empty-handed. He had no idea what to do with this pickaxe.
Luo Zheng helplessly blinked his eyes and looked at the god-ranked geniuses in the distance. At this moment, no one dared to approach him. He also couldn't expect to get the method from them.
Just as Luo Zheng was at his wit's end, a faint voice rang out in his mind …
"Black Star Pickaxe, hehe, a supreme artifact … I knew it was buried in the Tree of Earth. I didn't expect you to really take it out …" Qinglong's faint voice floated over.
"You're awake!" Luo Zheng's face revealed a surprised expression. He originally thought that Qinglong would be in a deep sleep for a long time.
Qinglong's faint voice drifted over. There was even a hint of exhaustion in his voice. "I can feel this supreme artifact."
Luo Zheng was also worried. Judging from Qinglong's tone, it seemed that it knew a lot about the Mining Tree and the Black Star Pickaxe. Luo Zheng's face lit up. "It seems that I can't use this pickaxe."
Qinglong chuckled and said, "It would be strange if a supreme divine artifact could be used as soon as one obtained it."
"Then what should I do?" Luo Zheng asked hurriedly.
The Dragon Bloodline Clan was a branch of the True Dragon Clan. They had half dragon and half human blood. Qinglong was a Super Divine Beast in the True Dragon Realm. He was a true True Dragon. If even Qinglong did not know how to use the Black Star Pickaxe, no one else would.
"I'll teach you how to recognize a master," Qinglong said casually.
"Is it easy?" Luo Zheng asked.
"Follow my instructions. It won't be too difficult," Qinglong said again.
Hearing Qinglong's words, Luo Zheng heaved a sigh of relief. He was now in the territory of the four Divine Kingdoms. According to King Yan and the others, the Divine Sea Realm experts would come to the Emperor of Feathers Mystic Realm to catch the Ore Devouring Bugs. They hoped to take the Soul Cores from the Ore Devouring Bugs. If he could not make the Black Star Pickaxe recognize him as its master, it would definitely be taken away by the War Emperors and Battle Emperors.
"Do you see the three divine patterns on the head of the pickaxe?" Qinglong continued, "You only need to activate the three 10-star divine patterns. Then you can make it recognize you as its master."
Luo Zheng nodded. The three 10-star divine patterns on the Black Star Pickaxe were inherited from the True Dragon Clan. They had nothing to do with the human race.
Luo Zheng had wondered if he needed to activate the three 10-star divine patterns before he could make it recognize him as its master. That was why he tried to infuse his True Yuan into the Black Star Pickaxe. However, the Black Star Pickaxe did not react at all. Luo Zheng could only feel helpless …
"You only need to draw the other three 10-star divine patterns according to the three 10-star divine patterns. Then you can activate it," Qinglong said with a smile.
"The other three 10-star divine patterns?" Luo Zheng was shocked. "Don't tell me they're also 10-star divine patterns?"
With Luo Zheng's current soul force, he could only inscribe a five-star or six-star Divine Rune. He couldn't even inscribe a seven-star Divine Rune. As for a ten-star Divine Rune, he didn't even dare to think about it.
Qinglong said calmly, "Hehe, if it's a 10-star divine pattern, I'm afraid there are only a few people in the entire universe who can make this Black Star Pickaxe recognize him as its master … Think about it. Then you'll understand if you reverse the patterns."
"Reverse the patterns?" Luo Zheng raised his eyebrows. The three 10-star divine patterns appeared in Luo Zheng's eyes.
In his mind, Luo Zheng began to construct the opposite lines of Divine Inscriptions. Following which, a look of astonishment appeared on his face. "These are actually three One Star Divine Inscriptions. Not only that, these are the Divine Inscriptions I used to meditate when I was cultivating Divine Inscriptions!"
This ten-star Divine Rune was actually a one-star Divine Rune …
Luo Zheng did not know if this was a coincidence or a deliberate move by the almighty who designed the divine patterns.
"Yes! However, the number of people who know this secret is too few … Even if someone took the Black Star Pickaxe, they would not be able to make it recognize him as its master if they didn't know its secrets, "Qinglong said.
Luo Zheng nodded. "I understand. Then I'll make it recognize him as its master now!"
At this point, Luo Zheng could not wait any longer. He grabbed the pickaxe and glanced at it. Seeing that everyone's eyes were on him, Luo Zheng smiled coldly. Suddenly, he waved the pickaxe and smashed it into the ground.
Although it did not recognize him as its master, the Black Star Pickaxe's hardness was not ordinary. Under Luo Zheng's swing, a deep hole was dug in the ground. Then, Luo Zheng jumped into the hole and released his True Yuan to envelop the surroundings.
After all, only three 1-star divine patterns were needed to undo the 10-star divine patterns on the Black Star Pickaxe. The four Divine Kingdoms also had Divine Pattern Arts inheritances and Divine Pattern Masters. He did not want this secret to be leaked.
At the bottom of the hole, Luo Zheng took out some materials and skillfully made rune ink with his hands.
The difficulty of creating a One Star Meditation Rune wasn't high. Luo Zheng had some leftover materials, so it didn't take long for him to prepare them. Then, he spread out a piece of rune paper, and a wisp of his soul flew out from between his brows. After connecting with the rune pen, he started waving the rune on the paper.
With Luo Zheng's current foundation, making a 1-star divine pattern was only a matter of seconds. After a few dozen breaths of time, the three meditation divine patterns were ready.
He held the three meditation divine patterns and compared them with the 10-star divine pattern on the Black Star Pickaxe.
Indeed, if the 1-star divine pattern was drawn in the opposite direction, it would be the same as the 10-star divine pattern.
Originally, Luo Zheng thought that the 10-star divine pattern would be very complicated. Now, it seemed that it was far from what he had imagined. It seemed that all paths led to the same destination.
"What now?" Luo Zheng asked.
"Use your Zhen Yuan to activate the 1-star divine pattern, then imprint it on the pickaxe," Qinglong said.
Following Qinglong's instructions, Luo Zheng imprinted a divine pattern on the pickaxe. The moment Luo Zheng imprinted it, the divine pattern on the pickaxe suddenly released a bright light.
Luo Zheng did not ask Qinglong again. He imprinted a second divine pattern, and then a third …
"Buzz buzz buzz …"
At this time, the Black Star Pickaxe was finally activated!
A magnificent color appeared on the surface of the pickaxe. The color was like a layer of oil that was poured into water, and it bloomed under the light.
"So beautiful!" Luo Zheng exclaimed.
"Don't exclaim. Blood, it recognizes a master. But let me remind you, this is a supreme artifact. It has its own consciousness and can judge its own master. Not everyone can be its master," Qinglong said.
"Yes! Understood! "Luo Zheng nodded.
After working for so long, even if he could not recognize a master, Luo Zheng would accept it. After all, he had done his best!
After nodding, Luo Zheng flicked his finger. A drop of blood flew towards the Black Star Pickaxe again …

Chapter 848
The drop of blood splashed onto the Black Star Pickaxe, but it didn't seep into the pickaxe. However, it didn't roll off the pickaxe, nor did it bounce off the pickaxe.
The drop of blood was like a small insect, slowly crawling on the pickaxe.
"Will it work?" Luo Zheng nervously stared at the drop of blood.
The drop of blood slowly slid down the pickaxe's head. Luo Zheng's gaze followed the movement of the drop of blood.
As the drop of blood slowly rolled down the pickaxe, Luo Zheng's heart became heavier and heavier. From the looks of it, it seemed like …
Just as Luo Zheng was feeling depressed, the drop of blood gently shook and suddenly burst open. It spread on the pickaxe's head and then completely soaked into the pickaxe!
"Did, did it work?" Luo Zheng's face revealed an expression of ecstasy!
Immediately after, Luo Zheng felt as if he had established some kind of connection with the Black Star Pickaxe. This connection was like the connection between flesh and blood.
Luo Zheng had experienced this feeling before. For example, when Luo Zheng condensed the Sword Spirit, he and Xun's souls were connected. However, the difference was that Xun, as Luo Zheng's Sword Spirit, had her own soul and thoughts. On the other hand, although the Black Star Pickaxe had its own consciousness, it didn't have its own thoughts. This was because its consciousness was only used to recognize its master. It was a relatively simple consciousness.
"Weng weng weng …"
The three divine runes on the Black Star Pickaxe suddenly emitted an extremely bright light. The light directly pierced through the Zhen Yuan barrier that Luo Zheng had set up and soared into the sky!
"What happened in the pit?"
"Who knows? Who dares to go over and see? Luo Tianxing set up this trap to prevent people from seeing. If we go over now, wouldn't we be courting death? "
"I don't dare either. If we go over, we will definitely be killed by him …"
Seeing the state of those divine geniuses, no one dared to go over.
After the light dissipated, Luo Zheng carried the Blackstar Pickaxe and climbed out of the pit. He had a smile on his face as he communicated with Qinglong in his mind. "Does this Blackstar Pickaxe have any special abilities?"
Although Luo Zheng didn't know what grade a supreme artifact belonged to, Huo Yuner's demigod artifact was already so powerful. How could a supreme artifact be weak?
"Black Star Pickaxe's ability?" Qinglong said. "This is just a pickaxe. What kind of ability do you expect it to have? It can dig through anything. "
"…"
Hearing Qinglong's words, Luo Zheng was stunned. "That's … that's all?"
"You think it's not enough? Don't treat it as a weapon. As a pickaxe, it's really excellent, "Qinglong added.
After hearing this, Luo Zheng's heart sank. What the hell was going on?
When Luo Zheng first saw the three ten-star divine runes on the Blackstar Pickaxe, he had high hopes for it. That was why he was so desperate to get it out of the Blackstar Pickaxe.
In any case, this Blackstar Pickaxe was a supreme artifact. Although it was a pickaxe for mining, it could also be used as a weapon! Could it be that this pickaxe could only dig through things?
Seeing Luo Zheng's disappointed face, Qinglong slowly explained to Luo Zheng, "Don't underestimate this Blackstar Pickaxe. A supreme artifact contains a unique law of causality! There are very few things it can't dig through. "
"Law of causality!"
Luo Zheng heard Xun mention the law of causality, and his heart trembled.
This law of causality was extremely tyrannical! Back then, Cui Xie's Wind of Life and Death was still vivid in his mind. It was because of the law of causality. One cause, one effect. It was simply irresistible!
"Yes, and it's a unique law of causality. Only this can be called a supreme artifact," Qinglong said.
"Then what is the law of causality? What is the cause and the effect?" Luo Zheng asked.
Qinglong thought for a moment before saying, "The cause is the Blackstar Pickaxe itself, and the effect is the ability to dig through everything. Therefore, it can be said that because it digs, it digs through everything …"
Hearing Qinglong's words, Luo Zheng couldn't help but roll his eyes. What kind of law of causality was this?! In the end, it was still digging …
Qinglong probably wasn't satisfied with his explanation. However, this Blackstar Pickaxe was indeed a very special pickaxe. The blacksmith who created this Blackstar Pickaxe wanted to create the most powerful pickaxe in the universe. Originally, he didn't want to use it as a weapon.
However, just from this point alone, this law of causality was actually not bad. Since it could dig through everything, then all defenses would be ineffective against this pickaxe.
It was a pity that this was a pickaxe and not a sword. If it was a supreme artifact level sword, it would contain the law of karma that could break through everything. Who could resist the sword technique unleashed by this sword?
As for this pickaxe … since ancient times, there was no such thing as a pickaxe, right?
Luo Zheng didn't think too much about it. He worked so hard to get this Blackstar Pickaxe for the leaves on the top floor. Since this Blackstar Pickaxe was so powerful, it wouldn't be difficult for it to dig through the leaves on the 45th floor. As for the law of causality, no matter how hard the leaves were, they couldn't resist this pickaxe.
Thinking of this, Luo Zheng decided to take out the Life Crystal first.
However, before Luo Zheng could climb up the pyramid, dozens of streaks of light suddenly shot over from the horizon. They were extremely fast!
The Heavenly Feather Sacred Sea was rich with the power of blood sacrifice, so it was difficult for False Tribulation Realm martial artists to fly. To be able to fly directly above the Heavenly Feather Sacred Sea and maintain such a speed, they had to be a Divine Sea Realm martial artist!
Luo Zheng's guess was correct. It was the group of Divine Sea Realm martial artists, including Zhou Huang, Battle Emperor Yu the Great, Sky Fortune Kingdom King, Tianfeng War Emperor, and other Divine Sea Realm martial artists.
With the status of a Divine Sea Realm martial artist, they didn't care about ordinary ores, and they couldn't dig through the leaves on the 45th floor and above. Therefore, they came to the mining tree to catch Ore Devouring Worms. They didn't kill all of the Ore Devouring Worms. These Ore Devouring Worms laid eggs on the roots of the mining tree, and new Ore Devouring Worms would hatch every year.
They placed their hopes on the Ore Devouring Worms, hoping that they would eat the soul core and take it out before it was completely digested.
More than 20 Divine Sea Realm martial artists landed at the bottom of the pyramid. Battle Emperor Yu the Great was the first to arrive. As soon as he stood firm, several Divine Sea Realm martial artists carried the unconscious Liu Xiu on their backs and walked towards Battle Emperor Yu the Great.
Battle Emperor Yu the Great saw that Liu Xiu's aura was declining and he was unconscious. His gloomy face immediately darkened. What was going on? Who in the four Divine Kingdoms dared to offend the Crown Prince of the Great Yu Divine Kingdom?
"What happened to my son, Liu Xiu? Why do I feel that his soul is weakening? Who did it? Who hurt his soul? "Battle Emperor Yu the Great asked coldly.
Soul damage was troublesome for ordinary Divine Sea Realm martial artists, but it wasn't a big deal for the dignified Crown Prince of the Great Yu Divine Kingdom. The foundation of the Great Yu Divine Kingdom was not something an ordinary sect or family could compare with. However, Battle Emperor Yu the Great was angry about who dared to hurt Liu Xiu!
To put it bluntly, the Divine Kingdom Continent belonged to the four royal families. The entire continent was like the backyard of the four royal families. The Liu Family's Crown Prince was in such a state in their backyard. Who in the Divine Kingdom Continent dared to challenge the authority of the royal families?
In fact, Battle Emperor Yu the Great already had an answer in his heart when he said this. Others might not dare to do it, but that didn't mean that Luo Zheng wouldn't dare!
However, Luo Zheng had already had an intense conflict with him. He only spared Luo Zheng's life after Zhou Huang and the others interceded for him. He shouldn't offend Luo Zheng too much now. If Luo Zheng dared to hurt Liu Xiu, wouldn't he be courting death?
A Divine Sea Realm martial artist trembled when he saw the enraged Battle Emperor Yu the Great. Then, he said, "My King, it's Luo Zheng … He forced the Crown Prince into such a state with his soul pressure!"
Battle Emperor Yu the Great took a step forward and reached down Liu Xiu's neck. He took out a female necklace from Liu Xiu's neck. The Heart Concentrating Gem in the necklace was completely broken and its color was dim. Battle Emperor Yu the Great gritted his teeth and shouted at Luo Zheng, "Luo Zheng! Kneel down and accept your death! "
Although the Heart Concentrating Gem was a High Grade Sacred Artifact, its value was comparable to a Semi-Divine Artifact. How could Battle Emperor Yu the Great not be angry?

Chapter 849
Battle Emperor Yu the Great didn't want to argue with Luo Zheng!
It was shameful for a monarch to argue with a Virtual Tribulation Realm warrior. He knew that he couldn't kill Luo Zheng with his own strength. Luo Zheng had stolen the little monster's ability and could transfer its power to other things at will.
However, this wasn't an unsolvable problem for Battle Emperor Yu the Great. He could use his domain to cut off Luo Zheng's connection. Within his domain, the rules were set by him. Luo Zheng could only be a fish on his chopping board!
Zhou Huang frowned. He wanted to stop Battle Emperor Yu the Great, but he hesitated. He was a calm and impartial person. However, it seemed like Luo Tianxing was in the wrong.
While he hesitated, Battle Emperor Yu the Great closed the distance between him and Luo Zheng in the blink of an eye.
However, before Battle Emperor Yu the Great could get close to Luo Zheng, a figure appeared in front of Luo Zheng. It wasn't King Yan, but Huo Yuner.
Huo Yuner stood in front of Luo Zheng with a solemn expression. The jade bracelet on her arm was vibrating continuously!
When Huo Yuner rushed over, Huo Chen also stood in front of Luo Zheng.
"Scram!"
Battle Emperor Yu the Great spoke politely. He took into account that Huo Yuner and Huo Chen were the Crown Prince and Princess of the Tianfeng Divine Nation. If it had been any other god-grade genius, he would have killed them, regardless of which Divine Nation they were from!
"Chen 'er! Yuner! What are you doing? "
The Tianfeng War Emperor panicked when he saw Huo Chen and Huo Yuner. Battle Emperor Yu the Great was furious, so he didn't know why Huo Yuner and Huo Chen had interfered.
"Luo Tianxing injured Liu Xiu because he wanted to stand up for us! Battle Emperor Yu the Great, you didn't educate your son properly. Instead, you blamed Luo Tianxing. What kind of logic is this? "Huo Yuner was naive and romantic, but that didn't mean that she was timid! On the contrary, because of her naivety, she was serious!
Huo Yuner believed that Liu Xiu was in the wrong. That was why she spoke so eloquently in front of Battle God Yu the Great. However, Huo Yuner did not expect that Battle God Yu the Great would not reason with her.
Battle God Yu the Great wanted to get rid of Luo Zheng, and Liu Xiu was the perfect excuse!
"Hmph!" Battle Emperor Yu the Great paused for a moment. He stretched out his hand and waved it gently. An invisible force enveloped Huo Yuner and Huo Chen. He wanted to sweep them aside. However, just as Battle Emperor Yu the Great's power enveloped them, the Tianfeng War Emperor stood beside Huo Yuner. A brown fire shield appeared in his hand.
When the Fire Shield collided with the invisible power released by Battle Emperor Da Yu, an intense flame erupted. At the same time, the Fire Shield dissipated Battle Emperor Da Yu's power.
"Liu Zan, if there's any conflict between children, let's talk about it after we figure it out." The Tianfeng War Emperor's face also darkened. He already understood that Huo Yuner wouldn't lie. Luo Tianxing injured Liu Xiu because he wanted to help his daughter. In other words, Liu Xiu had bullied his daughter!
"Old Huo!" Battle Emperor Yu the Great's face was filled with anger. Previously, he wanted to kill Luo Zheng because Zhou Huang stopped him. This time, it was the Tianfeng War Emperor who stopped him. Was Luo Zheng so tough?
Seeing that the Tianfeng War Emperor had stepped forward, Zhou Huang also walked over and said with a smile, "Old Huo is right. If there's any conflict between children, let's talk it out face to face."
Although Zhou Huang spoke politely, he was already standing beside the Tianfeng War Emperor. It was obvious that he was standing in front of Battle Emperor Yu the Great.
Battle Emperor Yu the Great was helpless when the two of them stepped forward. He could only wait and see how the situation developed.
The Tianfeng War Emperor turned his head and said to Huo Yuner, "Yuner, tell me what happened."
Huo Yuner nodded her head lightly and told him everything that had happened.
When they heard that Liu Xiu had set up a scheme to extort Huo Chen's True Origin Stones, the Tianfeng War Emperor frowned. Battle Emperor Yu the Great's face also turned ugly.
For a dignified Divine Kingdom Crown Prince to do such a thing for 9000 top grade true essence stones, this was truly shameful. And, the most important problem was that Huo Chen was clearly an honest and simple-minded person. Wasn't this just bullying him?
Although the Tianfeng War Emperor had placed all his attention on Huo Yuner, Huo Chen was still the Crown Prince of the Tianfeng Divine Nation. Liu Xiu had indeed gone overboard.
After hearing Huo Yuner's words, the Tianfeng War Emperor said to Battle Emperor Yu the Great, "Liu Zan, it sounds like this matter is all Liu Xiu's fault. He only has himself to blame for being injured by Luo Zheng. Am I right? "
Zhou Huang also smiled and said, "I also think that's right. Liu Zan, your son is going too far. His scam was exposed and he returned the True Essence Stones, but his own strength isn't enough and he still refuses to let go. Isn't this a bit …" He originally wanted to say that Liu Xiu was too stupid, but when these words reached his mouth, he held back.
"But my son was injured for no reason? The Heart Concentrating Necklace and the Heavenly Thunder Combat Halberd are priceless items. Someone has to pay the price! " When Battle Emperor Yu the Great heard Huo Yuner say that Liu Xiu had used up the Heavenly Thunder Combat Halberd, but he still hadn't been able to injure Luo Zheng, he felt depressed.
Before Zhou Huang could say anything, the Tianfeng War Emperor's face darkened. "Price? Liu Zan, you have become more and more unreasonable over the years! If you want to talk about the price, shouldn't Liu Xiu also pay the price for bullying my son? It's fine if I don't pursue the matter, but you still want to play the blame game. Do you really think that your Divine Nation is superior? "
The Tianfeng War Emperor's temper wasn't as good as Zhou Huang's. Furthermore, Huo Yuner was the apple of his eye. When she had complained just now, the Tianfeng War Emperor could see that his daughter had been wronged. Luo Tianxing had stood up for Huo Yuner. As her father, when he heard that Liu Zan was still so biased, he was furious.
"Old Huo! You … "The Tianfeng War Emperor's words made Battle Emperor Yu the Great choke.
The Tianfeng War Emperor snorted coldly and ignored Liu Zan. If the four Divine Nations hadn't been in harmony for so many years, he would have attacked Liu Zan on the spot.
The development of the Divine Nation of Yu the Great was indeed eye-catching, but that was only for the younger generation. The Divine Sea Realm experts of the other Divine Nations hadn't changed much. If they were to fall out, the Tianfeng War Emperor and Zhou Huang wouldn't lose to Liu Zan.
The Tianfeng War Emperor turned his head and said with a smile, "Luo Tianxing, you have done well. As long as I, Old Huo, am here, no one will dare to touch you. Otherwise, they will be courting death!"
When the Monarchs conversed like this, they didn't leave any face for each other.
Luo Zheng smiled and nodded. He replied, "Luo Tianxing thanks the Tianfeng War Emperor!"
"Well said, well said. I have to thank you on behalf of Huo Yuner!" The Tianfeng War Emperor looked at Luo Zheng from head to toe. The more he looked, the more satisfied he was.
Luo Zheng didn't want to stay here any longer. He said to Zhou Huang and the Tianfeng War Emperor, "Monarchs, I still have to go mine. Excuse me …"
Before this, Luo Zheng had been holding the Black Star Pickaxe in his hand. The Black Star Pickaxe looked too ordinary. From afar, it looked like a black hammer. But when Luo Zheng turned around, the Divine Sea Realm experts' gazes were focused on Luo Zheng's hand. All of the Divine Sea Realm experts, including Liu Zan, Zhou Huang, the Tianfeng War Emperor, and the Sky Fortune Kingdom Monarch, had puzzled expressions on their faces.
The pickaxe in Luo Zheng's hand seemed somewhat familiar.
In fact, these Monarchs had researched the Black Star Pickaxe and had tried to take it out. Therefore, the Black Star Pickaxe had left a deep impression on them.
But subconsciously, they felt that the Black Star Pickaxe was impossible to take out.
Who could take out something that even Spirit Sea Realm warriors like them couldn't take out? Therefore, even though they thought that the Black Star Pickaxe in Luo Zheng's hand was very familiar, they didn't immediately recognize it. This was because they didn't think that Luo Zheng would really take the Black Star Pickaxe.
Liu Zan's gloomy eyes stared at the pickaxe. His eyes flickered and fell on the three divine patterns on the pickaxe's head. Ten-star divine pattern … Black Star Pickaxe? In Luo Zheng's hand?
What was going on?
At the same time, the Divine Sea Realm experts had the same question in their minds.
＝＝＝＝＝

Chapter 850
They weren't sure if the pickaxe in Luo Zheng's hand was the Blackstar Pickaxe that was sealed in the Golden Leaf.
However, Battle Emperor Yu the Great was the first to react.
The reason was simple. A god-tier genius from the Divine Kingdom of Yu the Great reacted quickly. When he saw all the Divine Sea Realm cultivators looking at Luo Zheng's hand, he immediately used his True Yuan to inform Liu Zan.
When Liu Zan saw the black pickaxe, he was already very suspicious. However, he wasn't sure. He couldn't believe that Luo Zheng had taken the Blackstar Pickaxe. However, after the god-tier genius' reminder, he didn't hesitate anymore.
Before the Divine Sea Realm cultivators could make a move, Battle Emperor Yu the Great's body flashed. In an instant, he was right next to Luo Zheng!
Liu Zan's speed was extremely fast. When Zhou Huang and the Tianfeng War Emperor reacted, the pickaxe had already appeared in Battle Emperor Yu the Great's hand. His face was filled with joy.
Luo Zheng stood at the edge of the pyramid and looked at the overjoyed Battle Emperor Yu the Great. He almost rolled his eyes.
He didn't resist Battle Emperor Yu the Great. If he did, Battle Emperor Yu the Great wouldn't be able to take the Blackstar Pickaxe away so easily. Especially when Luo Zheng had used the power of 4,000 dragon scales. Battle Emperor Yu the Great couldn't take the Blackstar Pickaxe away from him.
However, there was a big gap between Luo Zheng's strength and Battle Emperor Yu the Great's. He didn't want to provoke Battle Emperor Yu the Great too much and force him to attack him.
The most important reason was that this supreme divine weapon had already recognized Luo Zheng as its master. Even if Battle Emperor Yu the Great had this divine weapon, he wouldn't be able to use it …
"The Blackstar Pickaxe! Hahaha! It really is the Blackstar Pickaxe!" Battle Emperor Yu the Great's face was filled with joy as he laughed loudly.
There were many treasures sealed in the top three layers of the mining tree, especially the soul cores. They were extremely important to the four Divine Kingdoms. However, until now, they could only place their hopes on the Ore-Devouring Bugs. However, the bugs rarely climbed to the top layer and devoured the ores there …
If he had this Blackstar Pickaxe, he would be able to mine the top layer of the leaves!
"It's really the Blackstar Pickaxe?"
"How did he get this Blackstar Pickaxe?"
"Luo Tianxing dug out the Black Star Pickaxe from the leaves on level 35? How did he do it?! "
Many Divine Sea Realm warriors had tried to dig out the Black Star Pickaxe, but all of them failed. Now that the pickaxe was confirmed to be the Black Star Pickaxe, how could they not be shocked? Some Divine Sea Realm warriors were so shocked that they were speechless!
"Was it really done by Luo Tianxing?" The Tianfeng War Emperor asked Huo Yuner.
Huo Yuner nodded, "Yes, we saw it with our own eyes. Luo Zheng smashed the Golden Leaf on the 35th floor."
"How … How did he do it?" The Tianfeng War Emperor was starting to regret his decision. If he had known this would happen, he would not have gone to the Dream Secret Realm this year. Instead, he would have gone straight to the Emperor of Feathers Secret Realm. However, the biggest problem was that the Blackstar Pickaxe had fallen into the hands of the Great Yu Battle Emperor!
Because of a little monster, the three Divine Kingdoms had been suppressed by the Yu Dynasty all these years. It was not a good thing for the Blackstar Pickaxe to fall into the hands of this guy.
Zhou Huang frowned. In any case, Luo Zheng was a member of the Black Iron Divine Kingdom. How could Liu Zan steal it? Zhou Huang slowly approached the pyramid. He looked at Liu Zan and said, "Liu Zan, you are the king of a Divine Kingdom. Don't you think it's too much for you to steal something from a junior?"
"Too much? Hmph! Zhou Huang, don't tell me you don't want this thing! " Battle God Yu the Great held the Black Star Pickaxe in his hand, and he couldn't suppress the excitement in his heart. Even the silent Luo Zheng had become extremely adorable in his eyes. It was as if all the grudges between him and Luo Zheng had been written off!
The Heavenly Thunder Combat Halberd was nothing! The Heart Calming Necklace was nothing! Compared to this Blackstar Pickaxe, it was nothing!
The Heart Calming Gem in the Heart Calming Necklace was taken from the stomach of a purple Ores Devouring Insect. With this Blackstar Pickaxe, he would be able to harvest the Heart Calming Gem every year!
More importantly, with this Blackstar Pickaxe, he would be able to harvest the "Soul Cores" on the top floor! Even now, many Divine Sea Realm cultivators were still waiting for the "Soul Cores"!
"But this pickaxe was dug out by Luo Tianxing. It originally belonged to Luo Tianxing!" Seeing this, Huo Yuner couldn't hold it in anymore. There was even a hint of anger in her voice.
Why would the Great Yu Battle Emperor care about a junior like Huo Yuner? He was only thinking about the Blackstar Pickaxe. At this moment, the Great Yu Battle Emperor was in the same situation as Luo Zheng when he first obtained the Blackstar Pickaxe. He realized that he couldn't control it. The moment he obtained the Blackstar Pickaxe, the Great Yu Battle Emperor used different methods to try to control it.
He poured his True Essence into it …
He dripped his blood …
He sealed his soul …
He used his senses …
The Black Star Pickaxe was flipped around in Battle King Yu's hands, but none of his methods worked.
Only Luo Zheng had a mocking look on his face as he looked at the Great Yu Battle Emperor. Then, he smiled at Huo Yuner and said, "Yuner, don't be hasty. Some things will belong to whoever they belong to. You can't run away from it!"
Huo Yuner blinked her bright eyes, and a faint smile appeared on her face. Luo Zheng had set up a huge pit to isolate the pickaxe from the outside world. She guessed that the pickaxe had recognized him as its master.
No one knew how Luo Zheng managed to make the Blackstar Pickaxe recognize him as its master. However, the Great Yu Battle Emperor didn't seem to be able to do anything about the Blackstar Pickaxe …
After fiddling with the Blackstar Pickaxe for a while, the Great Yu Battle Emperor's face turned gloomy. This black iron mine was extremely hard to deal with. He couldn't do anything about it. When he heard Luo Zheng's words, he turned to Luo Zheng and asked, "Luo Zheng! Did you make the Blackstar Pickaxe recognize you as its master? "
The Emperor's gazes turned to Luo Zheng again. In fact, among the four Emperor's, Zhou Huang and the Tianfeng War Emperor were the ones who were most happy to have the Blackstar Pickaxe fall into Luo Zheng's hands. As for the Sky Fortune Kingdom's Emperor, he didn't say anything. He was probably neutral.
Luo Zheng smiled faintly and nodded calmly. "Yes, so what?"
"Hand over the method! Otherwise, I'll take your life! " The Great Yu Battle Emperor didn't know how Luo Zheng managed to make the Blackstar Pickaxe recognize him as its master. However, he had to obtain the method no matter what.
Luo Zheng laughed and said, "How interesting. I dug this Blackstar Pickaxe out from the 35th floor and it recognized me as its master. Now that you've snatched it from me, you expect me to tell you how to make it recognize you as its master? Aren't you too naive and childish? You're the Emperor of a Divine Kingdom. It's rare for you to be this shameless! "
The Great Yu Battle Emperor's expression didn't change. After all, this supreme artifact was far too important. He hesitated for a moment and hesitated.
Should he attack Luo Zheng directly?
Old Huo and Zhou Huang definitely wouldn't agree. Threats wouldn't work on this kid. After thinking for a while, the Great Yu Battle Emperor said, "If you tell me how to make it recognize me as its master, the Great Yu Divine Kingdom will fulfill your lifelong wish! We'll nurture you with all our resources. All the martial residences and secret cultivation grounds will be open to you! "
Since threats didn't work, the Great Yu Battle Emperor could only lure him with benefits.
After hearing this, Zhou Huang couldn't help but roll his eyes. Did Liu Zan think that Luo Zheng was a three-year-old kid? Whatever the Great Yu Divine Kingdom could give Luo Zheng, the Black Iron Divine Kingdom could do the same. Even if there was a difference, it wouldn't be that big. Why would Luo Zheng give up on a supreme artifact?
Zhou Huang opened his mouth and said, "Liu Zan, return it to Luo Zheng. Since the Blackstar Pickaxe has recognized him as its master, we can ask Luo Zheng to help us extract soul cores."
"Hmph, I'm a Battle Emperor. Why would I need a kid's help?" Liu Zan wasn't willing to return the Blackstar Pickaxe.
"Boom …"
Raging flames suddenly burst out from under the feet of the bad-tempered Tianfeng War Emperor. Every flame transformed into a nimble Fire Bird and circled around the War Emperor. This was the War Emperor's Domain. "Fire Bird Domain!"
"You don't need Luo Zheng's help, but we do! Everyone has been giving you face all these years, but you're becoming more and more arrogant! I would rather let this Blackstar Pickaxe fall into the hands of an outsider than let you have it! Liu Zan, return the Blackstar Pickaxe to Luo Zheng. Otherwise, we'll fight! "

Chapter 851
Because of the Esoteric Sect and the little monster, the three Divine Kingdoms had always tolerated the Yu the Great Divine Kingdom. However, because the four Divine Kingdoms were all under the control of the human race in the Upper Realm, they had been in harmony with each other over the years. It was not an exaggeration to regard the entire Divine Kingdom as one force.
This time, the Tianfeng War Emperor was angry because he couldn't stand it anymore. Of course, one of the reasons was because of Huo Yuner. How could he not see that Huo Yuner was actually very concerned about Luo Zheng?
"He's going to get serious!"
"This is the second time. The four Divine Kingdoms haven't had any conflicts for a long time …"
"Will the Battle Emperor Yu the Great make a move?"
The Tianfeng War Emperor's domain spread out and waves of heat spread out. It was obvious that he was going to make a move.
At this moment, Zhou Huang said indifferently, "Liu Zan, since you can't control the Black Star Pickaxe, you should return it to Luo Zheng!"
The King of Sky Fortune Kingdom also took a step forward and stood beside Zhou Huang. This time, it seemed that no one was on the side of the Battle Emperor Yu the Great.
The Battle Emperor Yu the Great's eyes revealed a trace of coldness. However, he still didn't return the Black Star Pickaxe to Luo Zheng. Instead, his figure flashed and he rushed towards the pyramid.
He still didn't give up.
Even if he couldn't control the Black Star Pickaxe, he still wanted to try. After all, it was a supreme artifact. The pickaxe's strength should be much stronger than a saint artifact.
Seeing the Battle Emperor Yu the Great rush towards the 45th floor of the pyramid, the three Kings sighed. The Tianfeng War Emperor said, "Forget it. If he wants to try, then let him try."
After the Battle Emperor Yu the Great entered the narrow door of the 45th floor, he fell onto a leaf on the 45th floor.
There was a purple Ore Devouring Bug resting on the leaf. When it saw the Battle Emperor Yu the Great enter, it flapped its wings and flew towards him.
However, before the purple Ore Devouring Bug could get close to the Battle Emperor Yu the Great, he punched out. An invisible wave spread out and the purple Ore Devouring Bug was sent flying by the Battle Emperor Yu the Great's strength.
If it was in the past, the Battle Emperor Yu the Great would have been interested in catching the purple Ore Devouring Bug. However, now that he had the Black Star Pickaxe, he couldn't be bothered with it.
After chasing the Purple Ore Devouring Bugs away, he took two steps forward and raised the Black Star Pickaxe in his hand. His eyes flashed with a hint of ruthlessness as he smashed the pickaxe down heavily.
"Break!"
Within the Divine Sense Sea within his body, waves of turbulent waves surged, and the power produced by his true essence instantly erupted!
....
As the Black Star Pickaxe smashed into the leaf, the huge force caused the entire tree to shake.
That azure leaf was still as smooth as a mirror, without the slightest crack ….
........
.....
.....
"Tsk …"
....
................. pick..... of's... pick.............. pick......... Pick..... pick '......... Pick'....................... of.....................
On the forty-fifth level of the leaf, there was a law of karma.
This law of karma was the law of absolute defense.
Because of this law of karma, it was impossible to break it with brute force. It wasn't because the Battle Emperor Yu the Great wasn't strong enough. It was because of the law of karma.
The Black Star Pickaxe had the law of karma. Most importantly, the law of karma of the Black Star Pickaxe was stronger than the law of karma of the leaf. If the two laws of karma were to fight, the Black Star Pickaxe would definitely win.
Unfortunately, the Battle Emperor Yu the Great couldn't control the Black Star Pickaxe. Similarly, he couldn't activate the law of karma of the Black Star Pickaxe.
Battle Emperor Yu the Great's heart was in turmoil.
He gritted his teeth and sighed in his heart. "Forget it. This thing isn't meant to be in my life."
He jumped down from the leaf and landed in the circle of light. Soon, he appeared at the side of the pyramid.
Zhou Huang and the Tianfeng War Emperor looked at each other when they saw Battle Emperor Yu the Great's gloomy expression. Both of them smiled knowingly.
Battle Emperor Yu the Great grabbed the Black Star Pickaxe and leaped over. He glared at Luo Zheng and snorted. He waved his right hand and the Black Star Pickaxe flew toward Luo Zheng with a sharp whistling sound. It was obvious that the Black Star Pickaxe was imbued with a powerful force.
"Luo Tianxing, be careful!" Huo Yuner hurriedly reminded him when she saw the Black Star Pickaxe flying toward him.
Luo Zheng's eyes flashed and the power of the dragon scales surged out of his body. In an instant, the power of three thousand dragon scales gathered on his body. He had a faint smile on his face. He stretched out two fingers and easily caught the Black Star Pickaxe.
Seeing this, the expressions of the Divine Ocean Realm experts changed several times.
Everyone could clearly see that the power of Battle Emperor Yu the Great was not small. Even they had to use all of their strength to catch the Black Star Pickaxe.
However, Luo Zheng lifted it as if it were nothing! He caught the Black Star Pickaxe with just two fingers. This kid … How strong was he?
After catching the Black Star Pickaxe, Luo Zheng smiled and focused on climbing to the top of the pyramid.
When the Divine Ocean Realm experts saw Luo Zheng enter the pyramid, they all flew up and followed Luo Zheng through the narrow door.
As for Huo Chen, Huo Yuner, Yan Wang, and Yue Ying, the Divine Ocean Realm geniuses, of course, they followed behind. Although there was the threat of the Purple Ore Devouring Bugs on the top floor, with so many Divine Ocean Realm experts in the mining tree, the threat was not great.
Luo Zheng did not enter the top floor. Instead, he went straight to the 45th floor. The first ore he needed was the Life Crystal on the 45th floor. The Life Crystal contained the power of life. He only needed one to save Ning Yudie.
The moment Luo Zheng stood on the 45th floor, many Divine Ocean Realm experts also entered. They stood on the leaves on the 45th floor, 46th floor, and the top floor!
The leaves on the 45th floor, 46th floor, and 47th floor did not contain many ores. However, almost all of them were rare treasures. Each of the ores could be used as a material for a Quasi Divine Artifact, or even a Divine Artifact …
Luo Zheng took two steps on the wide leaf and found the Life Crystal!
In order to get the Life Crystal, Luo Zheng spent a lot of effort. After wandering around for a long time, he finally came here with the Black Star Pickaxe. A touch of excitement gradually appeared on his face.
"This Luo Zheng needed the Life Origin Stone from the beginning. Now, he wants to dig out the Life Crystal. It seems that this thing is really important to him …"
"Does he have a family member who is dying and needs the Life Crystal to keep them alive?"
"I'm not sure. He is not from the four Divine Kingdoms."
"I wonder if the Black Star Pickaxe can really open the leaf …"
"I'm a bit doubtful. Although the Black Star Pickaxe is known as a Supreme Divine Artifact, no one has seen its power!"
The Divine Ocean Realm experts discussed animatedly on the leaf. Their eyes were full of expectation.
To put it bluntly, the top three floors of the tree were transparent treasure chests! However, for so many years, they had not been able to get the key to the treasure chest. Now, the key was in Luo Zheng's hands. Everyone hoped that Luo Zheng could open the treasure chest.
"This time, I will succeed!"
Luo Zheng's eyes flashed. He gently knocked the pickaxe in his hand toward the azure leaf.
He did not use too much strength, but as Luo Zheng waved the pickaxe, a mysterious power spread out! This was the power of the law of cause and effect!
"Ding …"
When the Divine Ocean Realm experts saw this power, they all took a deep breath!
This power was not fancy. In fact, it was extremely simple. However, it gave the Divine Ocean Realm experts a feeling that they could not defend against this power at all! That power seemed to be able to penetrate everything.
The moment the Black Star Pickaxe hit the leaf, an invisible power cracked the leaf at the same time! This invisible power was the law of cause and effect that hid the absolute defense on the leaf!
When the two laws of cause and effect clashed, the law of cause and effect on the Black Star Pickaxe had the absolute advantage!

Chapter 852
"Clang, clang …"
Cracks continuously spread on the azure leaf, and Life Crystals shot out one after another!
Luo Zheng smiled and waved his hand. The Life Crystals were all stored in Luo Zheng's ring.
When Luo Zheng first obtained the Blackstar Pickaxe, he was a little disappointed. However, since it was a pickaxe, it was meant to be used as a pickaxe.
After obtaining the Life Crystal, Luo Zheng's most important goal for this trip could be considered accomplished.
However, it wasn't easy to obtain the Blackstar Pickaxe. Naturally, he would dig for more ores …
Just as Luo Zheng stood on the leaf and looked for his next target, he heard Zhou Huang's polite voice. "Tianxing, since you obtained the Blackstar Pickaxe, I have something to ask of you!"
In fact, all the Divine Sea Realm cultivators wanted to ask Luo Zheng, but Zhou Huang was the one who was most qualified to ask.
Zhou Huang had helped Luo Zheng a lot of trouble. Furthermore, Luo Zheng was in Zhou Huang's territory. Now that Zhou Huang asked, how could Luo Zheng refuse?
"Monarch, feel free to ask. I, Luo Zheng, will naturally not refuse if I can do it." Luo Zheng nodded and said with a very respectful expression.
Zhou Huang nodded happily. Luo Zheng really treated him like a monarch. What came next was much easier. "In order for the four Divine Kingdoms to enter the Heavenly Star Secret Realm, we all need a type of ore from this leaf. It's called …"
"Soul cores, right?" Luo Zheng had heard King Yan mention it before. He immediately guessed what it was.
"Yes, there's a soul core about three meters to the left of your feet!" Zhou Huang said with a smile. His tone was very polite.
There were many soul cores on the 45th, 46th, and 47th level. However, after so many years, they could only place their hopes on the purple Ore Devouring Bugs. Over the years, the four Divine Kingdoms had only obtained about a hundred soul cores!
It would be fine if these soul cores could be used all the time. However, there would be wear and tear in the process of using them. For example, only thirty-six soul cores could be used this year!
In order to enter the Heavenly Star Secret Realm, one must use a Soul Core to possess the corpse of a member of the Dragon Bloodline Clan. However, the Divine Sea Realm cultivators of the four Divine Kingdoms had been there for so many years. How could that be enough? As a result, the four Divine Kingdoms would argue over the distribution of soul cores every year!
Perhaps there was no need to compete this year …
All the Spirit Sea Realm warriors had the same thought. Everything was thanks to this little guy in the False Tribulation Realm!
Following Zhou Huang's instructions, Luo Zheng moved his feet and found a round ore. The shape of this ore was very unique. It was perfectly round, and it was contracting time and time again, as if it was a small heart beating.
"Is this a soul core? If I can get this, I will be qualified to enter the Heavenly Star Secret Realm. "Luo Zheng's eyes sparkled. If he had the chance to enter the Heavenly Star Secret Realm, Luo Zheng had promised to help Qinglong get the Ancestral Dragon egg.
With that thought in mind, Luo Zheng waved his pickaxe and easily broke the leaf into pieces. He then retrieved the soul core from the leaf.
Many Divine Sea Realm cultivators beamed at this sight. Seeing this, Zhou Huang said, "Everyone, hurry up and look around. Record down the Soul Cores under your feet. I'm afraid we'll have to trouble Tian Xing next!"
At this moment, Luo Zheng said, "Wait, Monarch, I have a request."
Zhou Huang smiled and said, "Tianxing, please say it!"
"Can I join the trip to the Heavenly Star Secret Realm?" Luo Zheng asked.
Hearing Luo Zheng's words, Liu Zan, who was in the corner, suddenly said coldly, "The Heavenly Star Secret Realm is the most important place in the four Divine Kingdoms. You are an outsider. How can we let you in?"
Many Divine Sea Realm warriors had strange expressions on their faces. Ever since they found the way to enter the Heavenly Star Secret Realm, no one below the Divine Sea Realm had ever entered. Luo Zheng's request was indeed against the rules …
However, before Zhou Huang could speak, the Sky Fortune King, who had been silent all this time, said, "Tianxing is not an outsider. He is a member of the Black Iron Divine Kingdom. In the past, the number of soul cores we had was limited. Now that we have Tianxing's help, we don't have to be afraid of more people!"
Hearing the Sky Fortune King's words, Zhou Huang also said, "That's right. The number of soul cores in these three levels is probably more than 200. With Tianxing, it won't be a lot!"
Battle Emperor Da Yu snorted. Under everyone's opposition, he had no other choice. Besides, he was counting on Luo Zheng to dig out the soul cores!
Since the Monarchs had agreed, Luo Zheng naturally became busy.
He kept falling from the leaf and entering the narrow door.
"There are soul cores here! On the 46th floor … "
"I have three on this leaf!"
"If you're done, then come over. I have two here too …"
Soul cores were constantly being dug out by Luo Zheng. While digging out the soul cores, Luo Zheng didn't forget to dig out the other ores. The ores on these three levels were all extremely valuable. Luo Zheng took them one by one!
The Divine Sea Realm warriors anxiously watched as Luo Zheng took away the precious ores. They wanted to ask Luo Zheng for them, but they didn't know how to ask.
Luo Zheng had already made up his mind. Luo Zheng only wanted one soul core. As for the other ores, if they wanted them, Luo Zheng could give them to them. After all, he was only a Void Tribulation Realm warrior. If he wanted to establish himself in the Divine Kingdom, he had to befriend these Battle Emperors. They couldn't just watch as Luo Zheng dug out their treasures! Even if they couldn't dig it out themselves …
Luo Zheng kept moving back and forth. Luo Zheng broke the leaves on these three levels one by one, and the ores were also taken out one by one. However, when Luo Zheng reached the top and began to dig out the three leaves on the top floor, his eyes were fixed on the delicate flower on the top floor!
When Luo Zheng was on the 45th floor, he had already observed this magical flower. Without a doubt, this flower should be the crystal of this ore tree …
"Break it open, Luo Zheng." Qinglong's voice rang out.
"This flower …" Luo Zheng looked at it for a while.
Qinglong laughed, "This is the Calamity Flower of the Tree of Earth."
"Calamity Flower? What kind of name is that? "Luo Zheng's eyes flashed. This flower was so beautiful, but its name was strange.
"This Calamity Flower can increase the power of the Heavenly Tribulation. It can increase the power of the Life or Death Tribulation to the maximum," Qinglong answered.
Hearing this, Luo Zheng's eyes were full of astonishment, "Increase the power of the Life or Death Tribulation?"
Starting from the Life or Death Realm, warriors couldn't avoid the Life or Death Tribulation. In other words, the minor Heavenly Tribulation mentioned by Xun could only be achieved after several Heavenly Tribulations! However, most Life or Death Realm warriors were destined to die in this Life or Death Tribulation!
The number of Life and Death Realm warriors in the four Divine Kingdoms was innumerable, and could be counted in the tens of thousands. If the Life and Death Realm warriors that had lived for tens of thousands of years were counted, the number would be countless times more. But how many of them had reached the Spirit Sea Realm?
Ninety-nine percent of the Life or Death Realm warriors eventually died in the Life or Death Tribulation!
Everyone was afraid that the Life or Death Tribulation was too difficult, but this Calamity Flower could really increase the difficulty of the Life or Death Tribulation? Luo Zheng couldn't figure it out.
Qinglong said indifferently, "In the lower world, the Life or Death Realm can be used to ascend after reaching the Life or Death Realm. However, in the big world, the Life or Death Realm is a new beginning. It's the first step of a warrior's journey! The Life or Death Minor Tribulation is not only a tribulation, but also a baptism for the warrior! Whether it's the True Dragon World or other big worlds, the Life or Death Minor Tribulation is the most important thing! The more Minor Tribulations one passes, the more potential one has in the future! "
Warriors who reached the Life or Death Realm after going through five or six Minor Tribulations were considered the bottom class in the upper world!
Warriors who reached the Life or Death Realm after going through seven Minor Tribulations could only be considered second-class.
Among the many forces, warriors who could go through eight Minor Tribulations were enough to enter the top class. They were worthy of being nurtured by the big forces.
As for warriors who went through nine Minor Tribulations, they were the top class! After all, this kind of character would shake the world in the future and become the favorite of this era. In a big clan, perhaps only five or six of them would be born in ten million years …
Hearing Qinglong's words, Luo Zheng felt a chill in his heart. It seemed that there were no heaven-grade geniuses in the upper world. With the division of God-grade geniuses and the means of the big clans in the upper world, it was very simple to let a warrior break through to the Life or Death Realm. However, the Heavenly Tribulation was very influential and could be changed!
"If that's the case, the upper world should also pay attention to this Calamity Flower?" Luo Zheng asked.
Qinglong smiled faintly, "The upper world doesn't have a Tree of Earth. This Calamity Flower can be considered a benefit for you lower world warriors!"
＝＝＝＝＝

Chapter 853
Many big worlds were rich in resources, whether it was cultivation methods, inheritances, or the vastness of the world.
Therefore, on the path of cultivation, warriors from the lower worlds were far from comparable to those from the upper worlds.
In the eyes of the warriors from the upper worlds, those from the lower worlds were nothing more than country bumpkins from the remote mountains. Only a few of them could advance to the upper worlds!
However, this world was relatively fair. Although the upper worlds had their advantages, the warriors from the lower worlds also had their own unique advantages. For example, the competition was not as fierce.
Like the Calamity Flower, which increased the difficulty of crossing the tribulation, warriors from the lower worlds might avoid it. However, those powerful warriors from the Life and Death Realm were hoping to enter the Spirit Sea Realm after several tribulations! How could they be willing to increase the difficulty of crossing the tribulation?
However, for warriors from the upper worlds, the Calamity Flower was an absolute treasure. Even a Divine Artifact was not as valuable as the Calamity Flower.
Luo Zheng was destined to not be limited to a small lower world. Therefore, from the False Tribulation Realm to the Life and Death Realm, he had to build a foundation from now on.
However, the more powerful a warrior was, the more difficult the tribulation would be. Ning Yudie cultivated the Nine Transformation Technique, so her strength was far beyond warriors of the same realm. Therefore, when Ning Yudie broke through the False Tribulation Realm and reached the Life and Death Realm, the minor tribulation she encountered was unprecedentedly powerful. Even the rare Nightmare Tribulation came down.
Luo Zheng was only in the middle stage of the False Tribulation Realm. His physical strength was comparable to that of a Spirit Sea Realm warrior. If a Spirit Sea Realm warrior did not use his Realm to restrict Luo Zheng, then Luo Zheng would be invincible in this world!
If he wanted to reach the Life and Death Realm, the difficulty was already unimaginable. If he added the Calamity Flower …
Luo Zheng looked at the beautiful Calamity Flower without hesitation. He walked over and smashed the Calamity Flower with the Black Star Pickaxe in his hand!
An invisible force suddenly erupted from the Black Star Pickaxe. Luo Zheng did not know if there was anything in the Upper World that could block the Black Star Pickaxe, but in this Great Thousand World, there was probably nothing that could block it. The law of causality was too overbearing.
"Clang!"
Under Luo Zheng's attack, the flower suddenly shattered. The polygonal petals were like glass, shattering into countless tiny pieces, revealing a small part of the flower's stamen.
"Pick the stamen and drink the nectar." Qing Long knew the benefits the Calamity Flower could bring to Luo Zheng. Therefore, he hoped that Luo Zheng would make good use of this opportunity.
Many Spirit Sea Realm warriors didn't leave. They stood still on the petals and watched this scene. When they smashed the flower open, they were all envious!
The flower at the top of the tree had been blooming for many years. Many Divine Sea Realm experts had tried to guess the function of this flower. However, the flower at the top of the tree was the same as the leaves. They could not pick it. But now, Luo Zheng smashed the flower and took the stamen. How could they not be envious?
Luo Zheng ignored their gazes. The stamen was a column as thick as a wrist. It was similar to the natural crystallization of some ores. However, the center of the column was filled with a light green liquid. When Luo Zheng held it in his hand, he immediately smelled an intoxicating fragrance!
"It smells so good!" Luo Zheng praised. Then, he put the stamen near his mouth and poured the light green liquid into his mouth.
When the light green liquid entered his mouth, Luo Zheng felt a strong burning sensation. The burning sensation spread from his mouth to his throat, then to his chest, and finally to his stomach! It was as if a flame was poured into his body!
Luo Zheng could endure the burning sensation. However, what followed was extremely uncomfortable! He felt as if all of his internal organs were burning, and an intense pain came from his stomach! At the same time, the True Essence in his Dantian and the Vital Spirit in the Baihui Stage were almost out of control!
The intense pain was countless times worse than what Luo Zheng had experienced when he was forging his body. Even though Luo Zheng tried his best to endure the pain, he could not help but let out a low roar!
"Ah …"
The Realm of Oblivion …
Originally, Luo Zheng could easily immerse himself in the Realm of Oblivion. However, because of the pain, he could not even enter the Realm of Oblivion. He could only roll around on the broad leaf!
Battle Emperor Yu the Great, who was standing on another leaf, sneered. "How dare you eat it when you don't know what it is! You deserve it! "
However, apart from Battle Emperor Yu the Great, Zhou Huang and the others also looked worried. They didn't know whether the flower was poisonous or not. What if it was poisonous? What if it was?
Luo Zheng rolled down from the leaf and fell straight down.
When the other people in the mining tree saw Luo Zheng fall, they all left the leaf.
As the light circle flashed, Luo Zheng's figure appeared on the side of the pyramid again. The pain in his abdomen became more and more intense. Luo Zheng's body twisted more and more. Fortunately, his body was very strong. Under the continuous rolling, his body was not injured at all. However, the ground was full of holes …
"Luo Tianxing, what's wrong?" Huo Yuner and the others saw Luo Zheng's actions. Together with King Yan, Huo Chen, and the others, they gathered around.
King Yan frowned and said, "Could he have been poisoned?"
Huo Yuner shook her head and said, "That's impossible. Even the Dragon Arsenic could not do anything to Luo Zheng. What other poison can cause Luo Zheng such pain?"
At this moment, Zhou Huang, who had just left the mining tree, answered, "He swallowed the stamen of the flower at the top of the mining tree. However, I don't know why he has such a strong reaction!"
"I think the stamen is one of the most poisonous things in the world. Anyone who consumes it will die. This fellow deserves it." Battle Emperor Yu the Great continued Zhou Huang's words.
When the Tianfeng War Emperor heard this, he said coldly, "Even if Luo Zheng dies, you don't know how to control the Black Star Pickaxe. No one in the four Divine Kingdoms can mine. What are we going to do in the future?"
This year, they had mined enough soul cores with Luo Zheng's help. However, soul cores would be depleted. As long as the four Divine Kingdoms did not control the Heavenly Star Secret Realm, they would not be able to live without soul cores. If these soul cores were slowly depleted, wouldn't they have to go back to catching Ores Devouring Bugs? In this way, they would only be able to obtain one soul core after several years. The most ridiculous time was when they did not obtain a single soul core for nine years!
"Hmph, there are so many soul cores this year. The four Divine Kingdoms have already occupied the Heavenly Star Secret Realm. In the future, we won't need any more soul cores!" Battle Emperor Yu the Great was speechless. He could only defend himself like this.
Just as the few Divine Sea Realm experts were discussing, Luo Zheng suddenly stopped rolling. Then, the aura coming from Luo Zheng's body became significantly stronger!
"Eh? Luo Tianxing's aura has become stronger! "One of the Divine Sea Realm experts said.
"He should have broken through. He is now in the late stage of the False Tribulation Realm!" another person said.
"He actually broke through at this critical moment …"
At this moment, Luo Zheng's pain had indeed disappeared. However, the True Yuan in his lower abdomen had condensed into an unprecedented form! After the True Yuan was extremely compressed, the gas-like True Yuan began to liquefy!
Only Life and Death Realm experts could gradually liquefy their True Yuan! In other words, after Luo Zheng entered the late stage of the False Tribulation Realm, he began to directly break through the bottleneck of the Life and Death Realm!
The True Yuan in Luo Zheng's Dantian was continuously compressed, and the speed at which it flowed also became slower and slower …
For most Life and Death Realm experts, the process of liquefying their True Yuan was extremely slow. Moreover, the liquefied True Yuan flowed like water. However, as Luo Zheng's True Yuan continued to liquefy, it became more and more viscous. It was as viscous as glue.
"Circulating my True Yuan is so strenuous! It seems to be solidifying … "Luo Zheng frowned as he lay on the ground.
Who knew that Qinglong would say with a face full of shock, "True Yuan solidifying, this … Life and Death Realm experts are actually solidifying!"
When Luo Zheng heard Qinglong's words, a strange expression appeared on his face. "True Yuan solidifying? What do you mean? "

Chapter 854
Normally, when a martial artist liquefied their true essence in the Life and Death Realm, they would be able to store even more true essence in their dantian! But after reaching the Divine Sea Realm, they would be able to open up their own world, and their dantian would be like a vast ocean.
And after reaching a higher level, that vast ocean could even give birth to life. Those life forms could even multiply, give birth to civilizations, and even cultivate!
It was at this time that the liquefied true essence would slowly solidify, forming continents within the Divine Sea.
Logically speaking, with Luo Zheng's current cultivation, he was still far from solidifying his true essence. But, his true essence had already begun to solidify!
How could Qinglong not be surprised by this?
Even Azure Dragon, who was known for his vast knowledge, had no idea what was going on!
As the true essence within Luo Zheng's body gradually solidified, it began to rotate slower and slower. It was at this time that a dark cloud suddenly appeared in the sky!
"The sky is clear for thousands of miles. How could such a dark cloud appear out of nowhere!?"
"It's really strange. How could the sky change color so quickly?"
"That dark cloud is expanding! It's expanding so quickly! "
Everyone looked up at the strange phenomenon that had appeared in the sky.
In the originally clear blue sky, a small dark cloud suddenly appeared. That dark cloud was like a drop of ink in a pool of clear water. It began to expand at an unbelievable speed. In the blink of an eye, the entire dark cloud had covered Feather Emperor Island!
A moment ago, it was still daytime. In the next moment, dark clouds covered the sky. Everyone felt as if they were in the middle of a dark night. And that dark cloud was still rapidly expanding!
After ten breaths of time, the dark cloud had covered the entire Heavenly Feather Sacred Ocean …
After an incense stick of time, the dark cloud had covered the entire continent of the Divine Kingdoms …
The vast lands of the four Divine Kingdoms were plunged into darkness. All the major cities and towns in the Divine Kingdoms lit up their oil lamps. Some of the older generation were muttering to themselves as they looked at the sky, praying that the gods wouldn't descend upon them …
Luo Zheng stared at the pitch-black sky. Suddenly, he felt a strong sense of malice! This was the malice of the heavens!
"Is this my first minor heavenly tribulation?"
Luo Zheng had experienced a minor heavenly tribulation before. When Ning Yudie underwent her heavenly tribulation, there was also a huge heavenly phenomenon. However, it only covered the area above the Cloud Hall. The dark cloud before him was so vast that one couldn't see the end of it. It was easy to imagine the power of Luo Zheng's minor heavenly tribulation!
"What a powerful aura! This is Luo Tianxing's Life and Death tribulation!" Zhou Huang sighed, "This aura to surpass my tribulation!"
Seeing this scene, the Tianfeng War Emperor sighed. "Look at this momentum. How can Luo Tianxing survive this?"
After breaking through to the Life and Death Realm, the warriors would be warned and rejected by the Heavenly Dao, and the Heavenly Tribulations would fall one after another. No matter if it was the Life and Death Realm or the Spirit Sea Realm, or even higher realms, there would be different Heavenly Tribulations waiting on them!
............
Everyone knew that Luo Zheng's strength was far beyond his peers. If he reached the Life and Death Realm, the heavenly tribulation he attracted would be even more powerful!
However, no one could imagine that Luo Zheng's heavenly tribulation would be so terrifying. It was beyond the scope of the minor heavenly tribulation of Life and Death Realm. It was even more terrifying than the major heavenly tribulation of Divine Sea Realm experts!
"Rumble …"
A ray of light was suddenly released from the dark clouds. A dragon formed by lightning was constantly circling in the dark clouds. The moment the lightning dragon lit up, the originally dark Divine Kingdom Continent became as bright as day! Everything in the world, mountains, rivers, towns, old people's faces, puppies' fur … were all illuminated at this moment!
However, this ray of light only lasted for a breath's time. In the blink of an eye, the lightning dragon's figure was hidden in the dark clouds again. In the blink of an eye, the world was immersed in darkness again.
"Rumble …"
Another loud sound came. The lightning dragon pierced through the sky again. The ray of light flickered again. It was so bright that it almost blinded the eyes of all living creatures...
. Some mortals in the towns knelt down under the lead of their clansmen. They prayed to the sky, hoping that Heaven would forgive their sins and purify their souls.
Looking at this horrifying power, Luo Zheng swallowed his saliva. There was even a trace of fear on his face! He even regretted swallowing the nectar in the stamen of the Calamity Flower.
It would be a lie if he said he wasn't afraid. Even those Divine Sea Realm experts were frightened by this level of power!
This minor heavenly tribulation was not targeted at them, but it still made them fearful. Luo Zheng was the main character of this heavenly tribulation. This heavenly tribulation that was about to descend was targeted at him, so it was natural for him to be afraid!
However, Luo Zheng's fear only lasted for a short while. Then, Luo Zheng clenched his fists. His face was resolute.
This was a heavenly tribulation!
Luo Zheng had no room to retreat. This heavenly tribulation was a baptism for Luo Zheng. It was a step he had to take on the Martial Dao!
Only by taking this step would Luo Zheng be qualified to reach the Life and Death Realm. He would advance step by step toward the Divine Sea Realm and the Upper World.
"Heaven …" Through Xun's information, Luo Zheng already knew that this heavenly tribulation was the heaven. He looked up at the sky and said, "Come!"
"Rumble, rumble, rumble …"
The thunder that resounded throughout the entire Divine Nation Continent became more and more intense. It was like a giant dragon was moving slowly above the dark clouds. It was moving step by step toward Luo Zheng, who was on the Feather Emperor Island.
"Yun 'er, Chen' er, get behind me!" The Tianfeng War Emperor said to Huo Yun 'er and Huo Chen.
At the same time, Zhou Huang also asked King Yan and Zhou Ning to stay close to him.
The power of this heavenly tribulation was too terrifying. Just a trace of it would be enough to kill these Immortal Realm geniuses.
The other Immortal Realm geniuses didn't have the protection of Divine Sea Realm experts, so they could only hide as far away as possible …
"Father, Luo Tianxing will be fine, right?" Huo Yuner asked worriedly when she saw that.
The Tianfeng War Emperor didn't know how to answer this question. If it was an ordinary Immortal Realm genius undergoing a heavenly tribulation, they could make some judgments based on their experience. However, Luo Zheng couldn't be judged by common sense! Even the Tianfeng War Emperor didn't have the confidence to pass this heavenly tribulation. Therefore, the Tianfeng War Emperor couldn't give Huo Yun 'er an optimistic answer.
Seeing that her father didn't say anything, Huo Yun 'er didn't ask any more questions. Everyone had an answer in their heart. Huo Yun' er also knew how difficult this heavenly tribulation was.
Battle Emperor Yu the Great sneered. He thought to himself, "You are indeed a peerless genius! Unfortunately, you are too heaven-defying. If the heavens want you to die, you have to die. How can you resist? "
The other Divine Sea Realm experts were shocked. Luo Zheng was finished …
"Boom!"
Another bolt of lightning pierced through the dark clouds. The lightning dragon was already above Luo Zheng.
It's coming …
Luo Zheng's eyes flashed. He began to extract the vital essence from his dantian bit by bit. Due to the solidification of the vital essence, Luo Zheng found it more difficult to extract the vital essence. The solidified vital essence was difficult to circulate, so he had to get used to it bit by bit! Over time, Luo Zheng's meridians became much thicker than those of ordinary warriors!
"Body-protection vital essence …"
A faint purple vital essence shield enveloped Luo Zheng.
At the same time, Luo Zheng began to spread out his consciousness to communicate with the stars …
"Stellar Battle Body …"
Above the dark clouds, two beams of starlight pierced through the thick clouds and shone on Luo Zheng's body!
"This is starlight! The power of the stars! What kind of cultivation method is Luo Zheng cultivating? " A Divine Sea Realm expert was surprised. This Divine Sea Realm expert was a warrior who visualized the stars. However, no matter how hard he visualized, no matter how realistic the stars were, he couldn't trigger the starlight! He couldn't figure out how Luo Zheng did it. How could he trigger the stars that were billions of miles away? This was simply too miraculous!
Looking at the starlight on Luo Zheng's body, many Divine Sea Realm experts were speechless. When the West Dragon River changed, they thought Luo Zheng had shown all his strength. But now, it seemed that Luo Zheng still had a huge trump card hidden in his body …

Chapter 855
Even though Luo Zheng used his True Essence to protect his body and activated his Starry Combat Body, he didn't feel at ease at all. His eyes were still full of coldness.
Previously, when Ning Yudie was going through her Life and Death Tribulation, the first wave of Thunder Tribulation was the weakest. However, the following waves of Heavenly Tribulations were each stronger than the last!
Now, the first wave of Thunder Tribulation was already so terrifying. What about the following waves of Heavenly Tribulations?
Luo Zheng didn't dare to imagine and didn't want to think about it!
Even if he couldn't avoid it, he could only deal with it as it came!
When the Lightning Dragon was getting closer and closer to Luo Zheng, the dark clouds above his head suddenly rotated slowly. In the process of rotation, a hole appeared in the center! A ray of sunlight strangely shone through the hole. This scene was very bizarre!
However, that ray of sunlight only lasted for a blink of an eye. Then, it was covered by a blazing white light. Soon, a dragon claw formed by lightning stretched out from the hole!
Many Divine Sea Realm warriors looked at the huge dragon claw. Their eyes flashed and their hearts were filled with awe.
When the dragon claw reached out from the hole, it suddenly tore!
The thick layer of dark clouds was directly torn apart. However, in the eyes of the onlookers, it was as if the sky was directly torn apart!
Then, the real body of the Lightning Dragon finally appeared below the clouds. The blazing white dragon head formed by lightning suddenly roared at Luo Zheng!
"Roar!"
Then, the Lightning Dragon's body flashed with the light of lightning. Then, there was another huge roar!
Luo Zheng's eyes flickered. The more it was like this, the calmer Luo Zheng's mind became. The slightly flustered look on his face became calmer and calmer. He opened his dry lips and said softly, "Come on!"
"Boom!"
After a flash of lightning, the Lightning Dragon circled in the air and then swooped down at Luo Zheng!
This lightning dragon was as big as a mountain range! However, the moment it rushed down, its body shrank rapidly. However, shrinking did not mean that its power had weakened. Instead, the power of this lightning dragon was constantly increasing!
"The Heavenly Tribulation is a tribulation from the heavens. It cannot be avoided. The only thing I can do is to resist this dragon …"
As the Lightning Dragon rapidly approached, Luo Zheng suddenly stood up from the ground. At the same time, an astonishing aura erupted from his body!
"It's just lightning transforming into a dragon. What a pretentious act! It's far from a true dragon! "
The power continued to flow into Luo Zheng's body.
One thousand pieces …
Two thousand …
Three thousand pieces …
Four thousand …
The limit of Luo Zheng's body should be the strength of five thousand dragon scales! However, if he were to activate the power of the five thousand dragon scales, his body would not be able to withstand it. Instead, it would be easy for him to get injured!
This Minor Heavenly Tribulation was not limited to one wave. Getting injured now would not be a good thing. Therefore, even if Luo Zheng was facing this Lightning Dragon, he had no choice but to advance!
The power of four thousand dragon scales poured into Luo Zheng's body. Suddenly, all the bones in his body made cracking sounds. His entire body suddenly doubled in size. Luo Zheng was like a giant. He stood in place, facing the Lightning Dragon in the sky alone!
Compared to other humans, Luo Zheng's body was more than twice as big. However, compared to the Lightning Dragon that was rapidly descending from the sky, Luo Zheng was as small as an ant.
The Lightning Dragon rapidly descended, and the distance between it and Luo Zheng was rapidly closing.
Ten thousand feet, one hundred feet, one hundred feet!
At this moment, the Lightning Dragon suddenly opened its bloody mouth, wanting to swallow Luo Zheng in one gulp!
Luo Zheng did not advance. Instead, he retreated. Instead, he suddenly leaped and charged towards the Lightning Dragon!
Seeing this scene, Huo Yuner covered her mouth with her hand. Her face was filled with worry. However, the Tianfeng War Emperor softly said, "Good! You have guts! You dare to face difficulties head-on! "
When a martial artist cultivated, regardless of whether they followed the Heavenly Dao's rules or established their own rules to resist the Heavenly Dao, they had to cross this hurdle.
The Heavenly Dao was the nightmare that lay above every martial artist's head!
If he wanted to become stronger, if he wanted to step onto a higher peak of martial arts, he could not relax the momentum in his heart no matter what. Even if he had to face a calamity from the heavens, he had to grit his teeth and go against it!
The moment Luo Zheng pounced towards the Lightning Dragon, the Protective True Yuan on his body instantly collapsed!
Normally, a martial artist's Protective True Yuan wouldn't be particularly strong. Luo Zheng also didn't practice any cultivation methods related to Heavenly Dao. Facing this level of Heavenly Dao tribulation, his Protective True Yuan was instantly shattered!
After the Lightning Dragon broke apart Luo Zheng's Protective True Yuan, it wanted to continue pouring into Luo Zheng's body. But this time, it was blocked by the two starlights on Luo Zheng's body.
The 'Stellar Combat Body' was a transcendent divine might. Even though Luo Zheng had only cultivated to the second form, the might it displayed could not be underestimated.
"The power of thunder that forms this Lightning Dragon should belong to the power of thunder of the fourth level, close to the fifth level! I fear that the 'Stellar Combat Body' won't be able to resist it … "Luo Zheng's eyes were indifferent. At this time, he had already entered a state of complete concentration. There were no distracting thoughts in his mind; he was wholeheartedly resisting this heavenly tribulation.
Beneath the Lightning Dragon's corrosion, the starlight on Luo Zheng's body began to dim at a visible rate. The two stars above the thick dark clouds also began to dim.
Once the starlight disappeared, he could only rely on his mortal body to resist this Lightning Dragon!
Crackle crackle crackle …
Violent arcs of lightning tightly wrapped around Luo Zheng's body. It was like the hands of a death god were caressing Luo Zheng, wanting to drag his life into hell!
Soon, the power of the stars finally disappeared. The two stars on the horizon also disappeared into the clouds.
Then, a bone-piercing pain spread through his body!
Luckily, Luo Zheng's body was extremely tyrannical. If it were an ordinary late False Tribulation realm martial artist, then once they lost the protection of their mortal body, they would have been instantly swallowed up by this powerful Heavenly Dao Tribulation lightning, leaving not even ashes behind!
Even for Luo Zheng, black marks began to appear all over his body. As the dense lightning struck him, his entire body instantly turned pitch black, as if he were a coal miner that had just crawled out of a mine!
"Stop right there!"
Luo Zheng rushed all the way up and arrived at the Lightning Dragon's abdomen. After arriving here, Luo Zheng suddenly stretched his body. At the same time, he released the power of the dragon scales from his body!
The tide-like power was unstoppable. It spread out like an invisible sharp blade, aiming at the Lightning Dragon and chopping down!
In an instant, the Lightning Dragon was split into two halves from the middle!
This scene was extremely shocking in the eyes of many Divine Sea Realm martial artists! It was as if Luo Zheng had really torn a True Dragon into two halves with his bare hands!
Luo Zheng slightly gasped for breath. Then, the two halves of the Lightning Dragon shot out in opposite directions, turning into two smaller Lightning Dragons. Once again, they rushed towards Luo Zheng!
"The Lightning Dragons in this Heavenly Dao Tribulation are immortal. How should I deal with them? I can't rely on my own body to swallow the lightning, right? "Luo Zheng's face was also pitch black, but his eyes were still shining.
The Lightning Dragons didn't give Luo Zheng any time to think. The two Lightning Dragons flanked Luo Zheng from both sides.
"What should I do …" Luo Zheng's face was a bit distressed.
However, at this moment, Qinglong said with a faint smile, "Luo Zheng, have you forgotten your own talent?"
"My talent?" Looking at the two Lightning Dragons getting closer and closer, Luo Zheng asked in his mind.
"You've been baptized by the Law! Your affinity with the Law of Thunder is also the highest … As I said, the Heavenly Dao Tribulation is a tribulation for warriors, but it's also an opportunity! In the Upper World, there are many geniuses who eagerly hope that their Heavenly Dao Tribulation will be stronger! It's for such an opportunity! "Qinglong reminded him.
"An opportunity! To comprehend the Law of Thunder? "Luo Zheng's eyes narrowed slightly.
Among all the Origin Laws, the Law of Time was the most difficult, followed by the Law of Space. Thunder, Fire, Ice, Metal … these Origin Laws were relatively easier to comprehend!
Because Luo Zheng had been baptized by the Law, he could quickly comprehend even the most difficult Law of Time, let alone the Law of Thunder, which was much easier than the Law of Time.
＝＝＝＝＝

Chapter 856
Yes, comprehend the Law of Thunder and control the Law of Thunder! Luo Zheng's heart skipped a beat.
One couldn't blame Luo Zheng for not being able to think straight. Previously, he had put all his efforts into resisting the Heaven's Tribulation! However, he had forgotten that not only could he resist the Heaven's Tribulation, he could even make use of it!
"Boom!"
Luo Zheng's figure flashed and suddenly sank, avoiding the pincer attack from the two Lightning Dragons. The two Lightning Dragons intertwined with each other and formed the original Lightning Dragon, which rushed towards Luo Zheng's head!
"Crackle …"
During this process, thick lightning bolts spread to the surroundings. Some of the lightning bolts directly hit the ground and were quickly absorbed by the earth. However, some of the lightning bolts went straight for the Divine Sea Realm experts.
All the Divine Sea Realm experts had activated their Protective Zhen Yuan. The lightning bolts were like whips, whipping the Protective Zhen Yuan, causing the light shield to tremble constantly.
"The Law of Thunder …"
Luo Zheng had comprehended the first layer of the Law of Thunder on the True Dragon Clan's obelisk. This was the foundation of Luo Zheng's Law of Thunder!
At this time, Luo Zheng's figure sank rapidly. He also began to carefully observe the Law of Thunder in the Lightning Dragon above his head.
The first layer of the Law of Thunder was destruction …
The second layer was purification, and the third layer was Heaven's Tribulation …
When ordinary warriors advanced to the Life and Death Realm, the Life and Death Tribulation they triggered would often have the third layer of the Law of Thunder. Probably because of this, the third layer of the Law of Thunder was called Heaven's Tribulation!
However, the Lightning Dragon Luo Zheng was facing contained the fourth layer of the Law of Thunder.
He quietly looked at the Lightning Dragon, but his mind was spinning rapidly. The profound Law contained in the dazzling lightning was slowly being unraveled by Luo Zheng!
The higher one's affinity with a Law, the faster one could comprehend the Law. After experiencing the baptism of the Law, it wasn't difficult for Luo Zheng to comprehend the high-level Origin Laws. However, the low-level Laws weren't too difficult for him to comprehend!
However, it wasn't easy to comprehend the Law of Thunder in a short period of time. Not to mention, the Lightning Dragon was grabbing Luo Zheng tightly. It swooped down and swallowed Luo Zheng again.
This time, Luo Zheng did not resist at all. He was completely immersed in the world of laws. The laws contained in each bolt of lightning were like pieces of a jigsaw puzzle. They were quickly pieced together in Luo Zheng's mind. He wanted to completely control the Thunder Laws contained in the lightning before his body reached its limit!
One breath …
Ten breaths …
Twenty breaths …
The lightning constantly eroded Luo Zheng's body. Even the body of a sacred tool couldn't withstand the lightning strikes. A burnt smell came from his charred body. Luo Zheng's body was scorched by the lightning!
His body couldn't bear it anymore!
Luo Zheng didn't have enough time. Although the fragments of the Law of Thunder from the first layer to the fourth layer were constantly pouring out in his mind, Luo Zheng had already completed one-third of the puzzle in a short period of time. However, his body couldn't bear it anymore. Luo Zheng felt that his body was getting weaker and weaker. If he continued to stand here and let the Lightning Dragon strike him, his body would be destroyed before he could fully comprehend the fourth layer of the Law of Thunder!
No, he couldn't. He originally planned to rely on his own strength to withstand the Lightning Dragon. It seemed that his thinking was too simple!
He sighed softly. A thought flashed through his mind, and he directly activated the Power Transfer!
"Transfer!"
After activating the Power Transfer, Luo Zheng used the entire world to help him bear the power of the lightning.
"Bang …"
In the Heavenly Feather Sacred Sea, a huge wave suddenly rose up!
After the first wave appeared, it was followed by the second, the third, the fourth … Countless huge waves splashed out and then quietly disappeared.
Luo Zheng had transferred all the power the Lightning Dragon was exerting on his body to the Heavenly Feather Sacred Sea!
With the help of the Power Transfer, Luo Zheng finally had enough time to comprehend the Lightning Dragon's Law of Thunder.
"Half … I've already comprehended the second and third layers of the Law of Thunder!" Luo Zheng didn't look sideways. His eyes were like nails as he stared at the dazzling lightning and crazily absorbed the profound Laws within!
Any Law was harder to comprehend the higher the level. The first, second, and third layers of the Law of Thunder were relatively easy to comprehend. But after reaching the fourth layer, the difficulty of comprehending the Law of Thunder would increase exponentially …
In the Heavenly Feather Sacred Sea, the huge amount of water continued to churn. Waves splashed, and finally, a huge tsunami was formed! The tsunami was hundreds of feet high, and it rushed towards the Feather Emperor Island. If this tsunami rushed over, it would probably drown the entire Feather Emperor Island!
Obviously, the four Divine Kingdoms didn't want to see this happen. Three of the Divine Sea Realm experts saw the tsunami rushing towards them. Their figures flickered, and they directly faced the tsunami!
"Activate the barrier! Block this tsunami! "
"We can't just block it. If we block this tsunami and it bounces back, I'm afraid it will destroy the cities at the edge of the Heavenly Feather Sacred Sea!"
"Then let's eliminate this tsunami!"
Under the joint efforts of the three Divine Sea Realm warriors, they created two enchantments to isolate the tsunami! The surging power of the tsunami slammed back and forth between the two barriers, and it took a while for it to calm down.
However, just as they eliminated the tsunami, another tsunami formed not far away, and it continued to rush towards the Feather Emperor Island. The three Divine Sea Realm experts could only look at each other and smile bitterly. Once again, they extinguished the tsunami.
In fact, under the protection of the energy transfer technique, Luo Zheng wasn't afraid of the Lightning Tribulation. However, Luo Zheng also knew that his first minor Lightning Tribulation wouldn't be simple. Therefore, he didn't want to use the energy transfer technique to pass the first wave of Lightning Tribulation!
"Crackle …"
The lightning dragon was like a white ribbon, and it tightly wrapped around Luo Zheng. Because there were too many lightning bolts wrapped around Luo Zheng's body, the crowd couldn't see the center clearly. They could only see a blazing white ball of light in the center!
"The fourth layer of Lightning Tribulation … Even I wouldn't be able to survive if I was surrounded by such powerful lightning!" The Tianfeng War Emperor shook his head slightly. "But this Luo Zheng actually lasted for so long!"
"The first wave of Lightning Tribulation hasn't stopped for a long time. There doesn't seem to be a good way to deal with it. I wonder how Luo Zheng will get out of here?" Zhou Huang frowned. Even though Luo Zheng could transfer the energy to the Heavenly Feather Sacred Sea, the Lightning Dragon's power didn't weaken at all. Was it going to continue like this?
Seeing this scene, the Divine Sea Realm experts could only sigh slightly. They knew that even now, they wouldn't be able to withstand such a horrifying minor Lightning Tribulation, let alone when they were in the False Tribulation Realm … This Luo Tianxing was too monstrous. He actually attracted such a fierce counterattack from the heavens.
An existence that defied the heavens was ultimately not tolerated by the heavens!
Everyone sighed in their hearts. They were pessimistic about Luo Zheng's fate!
However …
After the time it took for an incense stick to burn, the crowd suddenly realized that something was wrong. The Lightning Dragon's body was slowly shrinking.
"Is this the end of the Lightning Tribulation? But how can it weaken so quickly? "
"The Lightning Dragon's weakening just started. I don't know what's going on!"
"It's really strange. It's as if something is sucking the Lightning Tribulation away!"
Many Divine Sea Realm experts were also puzzled. They could only stare in front of them with puzzled faces. At this moment, Huo Yuner pursed her lips. Her eyes revealed a trace of expectation!
Luo Zheng had exceeded her expectations time and time again. Although she was worried, she was still full of confidence in Luo Zheng. This time, Luo Zheng could do the same thing!
The Lightning Dragon's weakening speed continued to increase. From the size of a mountain, it quickly shrank to the size of a mountain. In the end, it disappeared before everyone's eyes.

Chapter 857
The Heavenly Tribulation was a tribulation sent down by the heavens. This lightning dragon belonged to the Heavenly Dao, so it was actually an ownerless object!
After Luo Zheng mastered the fourth level of the Law of Thunder, he began to refine this lightning dragon!
From this perspective, the Heavenly Tribulation was difficult for warriors, but it was also an opportunity to strengthen themselves.
Therefore, from the Life and Death Realm, every Life and Death Tribulation was an experience of life and death. At the same time, it could make one stronger!
Luo Zheng's eyes were surging with lightning. After absorbing the lightning dragon, the electric currents were still running around in Luo Zheng's body. Relying on his control of the Law, Luo Zheng was constantly digesting the power of lightning.
"He swallowed all the Heavenly Tribulation. This Luo Tianxing …"
"This kind of thing has happened before. When Lei Xing broke through to the Divine Sea Realm, didn't he also swallow the Heavenly Tribulation?"
"It's the same. However, when Lei Xing broke through to the Divine Sea Realm, the Law of Thunder in the Heavenly Tribulation was only at the second level. The Heavenly Tribulation in the lightning dragon just now was at the fourth level …"
Those Divine Sea Realm experts were also whispering with envy. Not only did the Heavenly Tribulation not cause much harm to Luo Zheng, but it also benefited Luo Zheng a lot.
"Humph, it's just the first level of the Heavenly Tribulation. The Heavenly Tribulation triggered by this kid is already so terrifying. I wonder what the hell is behind it!" Battle Emperor Yu the Great said coldly.
The dark clouds in the sky began to dissipate layer by layer, revealing a huge hole in the sky. The thick layer of dark clouds was dissipating at a visible speed.
After half an hour, the dark clouds over the entire continent of the Divine Kingdom had completely disappeared. The continent also saw the light again. The Divine Sea Realm experts who suppressed the tsunami also returned to the Feather Emperor Island.
Right at this moment, a golden ray of light shot over from the horizon. Within the ray of light were a dozen figures. The person in the lead wore a Daoist robe and had white eyebrows. It was Daoist White Eyebrows, who had presided over the competition at the West Dragon River!
This White Eyebrows Taoist was a warrior from the Human Clan from the Upper World!
"The Supervisor is here!" Zhou Huang said lightly.
"Luo Tianxing's tribulation attracted you here, right?" After the Tianfeng War Emperor finished speaking, he flew up and greeted the White Brow Daoist. The other Divine Sea Realm experts also saluted the White Brow Daoist respectfully.
White Brow Daoist brought those people to the top of the pyramid and asked in a shrill voice, "Who is transcending the tribulation? It's so powerful! "
The Heavenly Tribulation triggered by Luo Zheng was so powerful that White Brow Taoist thought it was a Spirit Sea Realm warrior who was going through the Heavenly Tribulation here. However, even a Spirit Sea Realm warrior could hardly move such a powerful Thunder Tribulation! That was why White Brow Daoist had personally gone to Feather Emperor Island to investigate.
Hearing White Brow Daoist's question, Zhou Huang cupped his hands and said, "Supervisor, the god-level genius of Black Iron Divine Nation, Luo Tianxing, is undergoing his tribulation here!"
"Luo Tianxing?" White Eyebrows Taoist was stunned. He glanced around and saw Luo Zheng sitting there, with traces of lightning burns all over his body! "Isn't he a middle stage False Tribulation Realm martial artist? How can he transcend tribulation? How can he trigger such a powerful Thunder Tribulation? "
White Brow Daoist's face was full of disbelief!
It was not that he did not believe that Luo Zheng could break through the middle stage of the False Tribulation Realm in a short period of time. Once he entered the late stage of the False Tribulation Realm, he would be able to transcend the tribulation and enter the Life and Death Realm. After all, White Brow Daoist came from the Upper Realm.
The problem was that the minor Heavenly Tribulation triggered by a mere False Tribulation Realm martial artist was so terrifying. This was somewhat unimaginable!
These War Emperors and War Emperors had never seen such a terrifying minor Heavenly Tribulation. How could they answer White Brow Daoist's question?
White Brow Daoist's eyes flickered. He stood still and observed carefully.
Before this, White Brow Daoist had already noticed Luo Zheng. Given Luo Zheng's performance at the West Dragon River, he could be considered an eye-catching genius in any of the major human forces in the Upper Realm.
However, the human race occupied tens of thousands of Big Realms, and there were countless forces in each Big Realm. Just the Holy Lands of various sizes could be counted in the tens of millions. The so-called eye-catching talent depended on the scope. In White Brow Daoist's opinion, a genius like Luo Zheng was nothing in a Big Realm, not to mention the three major human forces and tens of thousands of Big Realms.
Luo Zheng could at most be listed as a key training target in a second-class Holy Land!
Moreover, White Brow Daoist was different from Immortal Tian Miao. Tian Miao used the Purple Star Heavenly Palace to calculate Luo Zheng's fate of Battle of Worlds. White Brow Daoist couldn't see Luo Zheng's fate with just a pair of eyes.
Therefore, although Luo Zheng's performance was quite excellent and could be said to be invincible in the same realm in the four Holy Kingdoms, it was nothing in the eyes of White Brow Daoist.
However, that was his impression of Luo Zheng. Seeing such a vast minor Heaven's Tribulation this time, White Brow Daoist was shocked!
It was just the first minor Heaven's Tribulation in the Life and Death Realm, but it was already so terrifying. Where did this guy come from?
There was more than one Heaven's Tribulation. White Brow Daoist wanted to observe carefully. Since this Heaven's Tribulation was so terrifying, maybe there would be lotus flowers blooming after the tribulation. He wanted to see how many lotus flowers this guy could release temporarily!
Bai Yuerong followed behind White Brow Daoist. After learning that the Thunder Tribulation was triggered by Luo Zheng, her eyes were also very complicated. As the Saintess of the Esoteric Sect, she was responsible for communicating with the Upper Realm. Therefore, she knew more about the Upper Realm than those mighty figures of the Divine Sea Realm. She also didn't expect that it was Luo Zheng who was going through the tribulation!
Luo Zheng sat where he was, still digesting the power of thunder and lightning in his body. The pure power of thunder and lightning spread inside Luo Zheng's body, differentiated, and poured into each of his cells, stimulating his physical body to grow rapidly!
Any Power of Law was not only used for destruction. For example, the Law of Fire originally symbolized destruction, but it contained the power of rebirth and nirvana.
The Law of Thunder could bring vitality to destruction. As the saying went, only when the spring thunder shook the earth could it wake up all hibernating things and rejuvenate the natural world. This was the beginning of life!
It was said that after opening the Spirit Sea and solidifying the Zhen Yuan, thunder and lightning had to be constantly introduced into the Dantian. Under the stimulation of the power of thunder and lightning, life could be born in the Dantian. This was the fourth level of the Law of Thunder. "Shape!"
Soon, his physical body seemed to be reborn. The layer of carbonized skin on the surface began to crack constantly, revealing the bright red and tender flesh. When the carbonized skin completely fell off, Luo Zheng's physical body looked like it had just been born from a mother's womb.
"Will there be a second wave?"
After safely passing through the first wave of tribulation, Luo Zheng looked up at the sky.
If it was an ordinary warrior, when breaking through to the Life and Death Realm, most of them would only face the first wave of tribulation! The stronger the talent, the more waves of tribulation and the more powerful it would be. Even those god-tier geniuses often faced more than one wave of tribulation. Therefore, the probability of Luo Zheng facing several waves of tribulation was very high.
Sure enough, after a while, faint golden shadows began to appear in the sky. Those golden lights became more and more obvious, and golden swords slowly emerged one after another!
"This is the Metal Tribulation! This wave of Metal Tribulation appeared after the Thunder Tribulation. I'm afraid it will be even more difficult! " A Divine Sea Realm warrior who had probably experienced the so-called "Metal Tribulation" couldn't help but shout when he saw this scene.
However, White Brow Daoist's face showed disdain. He despised the ignorance of these Divine Sea Realm warriors in the Divine Kingdom's continent. He said indifferently, "It's just a Metal Tribulation. What's the fuss about?"
In White Brow Daoist's view, whether it was the Thunder Tribulation, Metal Tribulation, Wind Tribulation, or Water Tribulation … these "Five Elements Tribulations" were all useless. The only thing that could truly determine a warrior's future potential was the Lotus Flower!
Although Luo Zheng's tribulation was very powerful, it didn't matter that he hadn't given birth to a Lotus Flower yet.
Numerous golden swords appeared in the sky. Each sword's edge was shining with a dazzling cold light. One thousand swords, ten thousand swords, one hundred thousand swords, one million swords …

Chapter 858
Luo Zheng took a deep breath when he saw the golden swords gathering around him. His relaxed muscles tensed up again!
These golden swords were formed from the condensation of laws and didn't contain any Heaven's Evolution Essence. Therefore, Luo Zheng couldn't determine the grade of these swords. However, judging from the cold light emitted from the edges of these swords, they were definitely not weak.
After a short while, the golden cloud moved without any wind. The first golden sword hummed softly and suddenly shot towards Luo Zheng!
Then, the second, the third …
The cloud formed by the golden swords suddenly turned into a golden torrent that surged towards Luo Zheng!
Luo Zheng took a step forward and stood on the spot. He was like a sea stabilizing needle that was firmly nailed to the ground. He looked at the golden torrent with resolute eyes.
"Back then, when I underwent the Metal Tribulation, I caught the 'Demon Heart Battle Armor' and used more than 200,000 supreme-grade True Origin Stones to escape. These swords are even sharper than the ones I faced back then. This kid doesn't have the protection of the Demon Heart Battle Armor …" The Divine Sea Realm almighty who had undergone the Metal Tribulation shook his head and said.
The Demon Heart Battle Armor was a Quasi Divine Artifact protective armor. As a defensive treasure, its value was comparable to an ordinary Divine Artifact. This Divine Sea Realm almighty had borrowed it from the Tianfeng War Emperor.
Hearing this, the Tianfeng War Emperor smiled helplessly. "If the Demon Heart Battle Armor was still here, I could lend it to Luo Tianxing. Unfortunately …"
The Demon Heart Battle Armor had been destroyed decades ago.
As he spoke, the golden torrent had already rushed towards Luo Zheng!
"It's coming!"
Looking at the first golden sword, Luo Zheng grabbed it with one hand. The golden sword was instantly crushed by Luo Zheng!
"In the end, these aren't real swords. They're only formed from the condensation of the Metal Laws. Their strength isn't even comparable to a Divine Artifact." After crushing the first golden sword, Luo Zheng understood.
However, the number of golden swords suddenly increased. Luo Zheng couldn't crush them one by one. He could only let the golden swords stab him from all directions!
Luo Zheng was like a person who couldn't swim in a large river. In the blink of an eye, he was submerged in the golden torrent.
"Ding ding ding ding ding ding ding —"
Luo Zheng's body was as tough as a Divine Artifact. Every golden sword that hit Luo Zheng's body turned into golden powder. The fine powder quickly turned into bits of the Metal Laws and dissipated into the air.
However, although these golden swords were not as tough as Luo Zheng's body, their edges were extremely sharp. Each of them left an extremely fine scratch on Luo Zheng's body. As more and more golden swords continued to stab at Luo Zheng, more and more scratches appeared on his body. When the number of scratches accumulated to a certain extent, the edges of the swords cut open Luo Zheng's skin, causing blood to spurt out!
After resisting to this extent, Luo Zheng sighed softly and closed his eyes …
Thousands of miles away, on the west side of the Divine Kingdom Continent, where people rarely went, stood a towering mountain. Suddenly, invisible sword energy appeared and began to erode the vast mountain range!
The mountain, which was thousands of feet high, was being eroded at a speed visible to the naked eye. It was as if an invisible mouth was gnawing at the mountain. After a few breaths, the mountain no longer existed. It turned into specks of dust and drifted in all directions.
One tower, two towers, three towers ….
After the time it took to burn a stick of incense, the mountain range disappeared into thin air.
The golden swords on the Feather Emperor Island disappeared as well.
To other people, crossing a tribulation was like walking between life and death. It was called a tribulation of life and death. But to Luo Zheng, it wasn't that difficult.
No matter how powerful this tribulation was, as long as it didn't cut Luo Zheng's connection with the Great Thousand World, it couldn't kill Luo Zheng!
A tribulation that could destroy the heavens and earth did exist. In the Upper Realm, when some super powerful figures crossed a tribulation, the power they unleashed was enough to destroy a Great Thousand World.
After the "Metal Tribulation", the "Wind Tribulation" appeared in the sky. The Five Elements Tribulation appeared one after another …
After an hour, Luo Zheng looked at the clear sky and blinked his eyes. "Is it finally over?"
At this moment, Luo Zheng felt relaxed. During the process of crossing the tribulation, the True Essence in Luo Zheng's dantian was still gradually solidifying. Just as Luo Zheng was about to stand up and leave, the shadow of a pure white lotus flower appeared in the sky! However, the lotus flower was still budding and hadn't bloomed yet!
"What's that?"
"Why did a huge lotus flower appear in the sky?"
"Is this also a tribulation? It doesn't look like one! "
Those Divine Sea Realm experts were astonished. They stared at the shadow of the lotus flower in the sky in a daze.
They didn't know, but Daoist White Eyebrows knew very well!
Therefore, when White Brow Daoist saw the shadow of the budding lotus, his expression changed abruptly, and his voice trembled. "It really appeared. A lotus flower bloomed in the minor heavenly tribulation. A lotus flower bloomed. It really bloomed! This … this … "
When Bai Yuerong saw this, her beautiful eyes blinked and she fell into deep thought.
Through some top-secret documents in the Esoteric Sect, she naturally knew about the existence of the lotus flower.
The so-called geniuses in the Upper Realm were classified differently from those in the Lower Realm. There was no such thing as an Earth-Grade genius, a Heaven-Grade genius, or a God-grade genius. The only way to measure a warrior's potential was through crossing a tribulation.
According to the documents, the lotus flower seemed to be a product that surpassed the Heavenly Way. If a lotus flower appeared after crossing a tribulation, it meant that the warrior had the potential to surpass the Heavenly Way.
Of course, it didn't mean that one could surpass the Heavenly Way with a lotus flower. In the 100,000 Great Realms, there were many warriors with lotus flowers. However, how many people could surpass the Heavenly Way in 3.6 billion years?
"But according to the documents, lotus flowers are usually only born in a major tribulation. Why … did Luo Zheng give birth to a lotus flower in a minor tribulation?" Bai Yuerong stared at Luo Zheng in a daze. Although she and Luo Zheng were enemies, with the appearance of the lotus flower, she became more and more curious about Luo Zheng.
Therefore, Bai Yuerong said, "I wonder how many petals Luo Zheng can bloom. Three petals or five petals?"
Daoist White Eyebrows shook his head and said, "A warrior who can bloom three petals is enough to become the core of a Nine Great Holy Land. Five petals, hehe, is enough to enter a tenth-grade Holy Land and become the core of a super-first-rate force! Saintess, I'll have to trouble you to report this matter through the Reverse Spirit Channel! "
Bai Yuerong nodded. As the Saintess of the Secret Sect, she was very clear about the importance of this matter. Since Luo Zheng had bloomed a lotus flower during his tribulation, the conflict between her and Luo Zheng was probably nothing …
Hearing Bai Yuerong's words, the almighty Divine Sea Realm warriors felt a chill in their hearts!
Although these almighty Divine Sea Realm warriors were awe-inspiring in the Divine Kingdom Continent, and they might be famous in the lower realms, compared to the powerhouses in the upper realms, they were nothing!
Although they were the kings of seventh-grade Divine Kingdoms, the Heavenly Feather Sacred Sea was only an eighth-grade Holy Land of the Dragon Bloodline Clan. They had spent so many years and still hadn't completely occupied it! Then what was a ninth-grade Holy Land? What was a tenth-grade Holy Land? It was simply unimaginable!
At this moment, the pure white lotus flower above Luo Zheng's head slowly rotated. After a while, a pure white petal slowly bloomed from the budding lotus flower!
The moment the petal fell, a fragrant wind spread out and drilled into everyone's nose!
"This lotus flower is so fragrant!" Huo Yuner couldn't help but sniff. Although the fragrance was rich, it wasn't greasy. Taking a deep breath, the fragrance seemed to be able to seep into one's soul.
"The first petal," Bai Yuerong said while biting her lips. She knew about this lotus flower from literature, but after all, this was the first time she saw a warrior bloom a lotus flower. Seeing this scene, she was actually looking forward to seeing more petals of this lotus flower.
Luo Zheng stood in place and looked at the slowly rotating lotus flower in the sky. Through Qinglong, he already knew what this lotus flower represented. At this time, he also quietly looked at the rotating lotus flower with eyes as pure as water.
As the lotus flower continued to spin, another petal fell down.
"The second petal …" Bai Yuerong continued to count.
＝＝＝＝＝

Chapter 859
If three petals bloomed, it would be enough to become the core of a Rank Nine Sacred Ground …
"I knew this kid wasn't simple. If he could ascend to the Upper Realm, he would be a big shot in the future!" Zhou Huang chuckled.
However, Battle Emperor Yu the Great's voice was heard again. "Hmph, so what? No matter how talented this kid is, he's still trapped in the Lower Realm just like us! "
These words made Zhou Huang frown. However, what White Brow Taoist said next made the hearts of the Divine Ocean Realm cultivators pound.
"If this kid can bloom enough petals, it'll be enough for the humans of the Upper Realm to pay attention to him. They'll probably pay a huge price to repair the Ascension Passage to the Upper Realm!" White Brow Taoist said calmly.
"What! Repair the Ascension Passage?! "
"How is this possible … Do the humans of the Upper Realm really have such a heaven-defying ability?"
"If the Ascension Passage is repaired, can't we …"
At this moment, all the Divine Ocean Realm cultivators were unable to remain calm.
They had worked so hard to reach the Divine Ocean Realm, but they were trapped in the Lower Realm, unable to advance to a higher realm. One could imagine how much of a blow it would be to a warrior.
However, the Ascension Passage being destroyed was something they couldn't do anything about. This wasn't something the Divine Ocean Realm cultivators could interfere with!
If the Ascension Passage was repaired, it meant that they could ascend to the Upper Realm, pursue higher challenges, and achieve greater individual strength … Perhaps after entering the Upper Realm, they would face more difficult tests and more struggles between life and death.
However, a warrior could stand proudly in the world for a while, but he couldn't live an ignoble life forever! Moreover, a higher cultivation meant a longer lifespan.
The voices of several Divine Ocean Realm cultivators were filled with excitement. One could even hear their voices trembling …
The three Divine Ocean Realm cultivators of the Profound Jade Martial House were among them. They were extremely excited and stared at Luo Zheng with complicated expressions. From the moment Luo Zheng stepped into the Profound Jade Martial House, they were looking forward to Luo Zheng's performance. However, they never thought that Luo Zheng's talent would be tied to their fates.
At this moment, even Battle God Da Yu had a complicated expression on his face … Compared to his ascension to the Upper Realm, those grudges were not even worth mentioning!
"Sir, Sir … How many petals do we need to open in order for our family to pay attention to us and help us repair the ascension tunnel?" a Spirit Sea Realm warrior asked.
This was a very crucial question. Everyone was so excited that they forgot to ask.
White Brow Daoist thought for a moment and said, "Maybe seven, at least seven! However, I wasn't sure if a flower with seven petals could be repaired. But if it had nine petals, then it would definitely be repaired! When the petals of the first layer fully bloomed, there were nine petals! In other words, the legendary Nine-leaf Lotus Flower … Hehe, but it's difficult for even one of the countless Holy Lands in a Great Realm to be born. "As he spoke, Daoist White Brow shook his head." It's too difficult. Even if it's a cultivator who has attained the Seven-leaf stage, there are only a few hundred of them in a Great Realm. Some of the weaker Great Realms have even fewer. "
Upon hearing White Brow Daoist White Brow's words, many Spirit Sea Realm warriors looked disappointed.
A Great Realm was unimaginably huge. There were only a few hundred cultivators who had attained the Seven-leaf stage in a Great Realm. The probability was pitifully small.
Moreover, according to White Brow Daoist White Brow, even if the Seven-leaf Lotus Flower was opened, the Upper Realm might not pay attention to it. Only with a Nine-leaf Lotus Flower could the ascension tunnel be repaired with a 100% certainty!
The flames of hope were finally ignited in everyone's hearts, but White Brow Daoist White Brow poured a bucket of cold water on it. The Spirit Sea Realm warriors felt a chill in their hearts …
Just as they were feeling disappointed, Huo Yuner smiled and said, "Look! The third petal! The third petal … "
Although everyone was disappointed, they still had some hope. Although the possibility was so small that it was negligible, they did not believe that a cultivator from the Lower Realm could fight against countless geniuses in the Great Realm! They were not on the same level at all!
"The third petal," Bai Yuerong said calmly. She looked at Luo Zheng in a daze, and her gaze became more and more complicated. She thought of the time when this guy released bad luck on her through the Wheel of Fortune.
White Brow Daoist White Brow nodded calmly. "Mhm, not bad. A Three-leaf Lotus. This kid should be proud. When I was undergoing my tribulation in the Spirit Sea Realm, I only attained three leaves."
"Supervisor, you're a Three-leaf cultivator?" a Spirit Sea Realm warrior asked.
White Brow Daoist White Brow's face revealed a hint of pride. "That was during my first tribulation in the Spirit Sea Realm. I only attained three leaves. During my second tribulation, I attained five leaves!"
Attaining five petals was indeed something to be proud of. The Spirit Sea Realm warriors in front of them had never seen such a thing before …
The Three-leaf Lotus above Luo Zheng's head was still spinning slowly. Everyone was waiting quietly. To the four Divine Nations, the number of leaves Luo Zheng's Lotus Flower was even more important than exploring the Heavenly Star Secret Realm! After all, they could think of ways to explore the Heavenly Star Secret Realm every year. This was the first time they saw a cultivator with a Lotus Flower during a Heavenly Tribulation!
Huo Chen, who had been observing in a daze from the side, could not help but shout, "The fourth petal! Open! Open!"
Huo Yuner, who was beside him, smiled and said, "Brother Chen, this isn't something you can shout …"
However, who knew that as soon as Huo Yuner finished speaking, the fourth petal would tremble slightly and slowly open!
"Since the fourth petal has already been opened, the fifth petal will definitely open. This Luo Tianxing has already far surpassed me." White Brow Daoist White Brow sighed and smiled.
As expected, after the fourth petal opened, the fifth petal also fell!
At this moment, all the Spirit Sea Realm warriors' breathing began to quicken …
This Lotus Flower had an odd number of petals. Since the fifth petal had already been opened, Luo Zheng only needed one more petal to open and he would have attained seven leaves!
Attaining the ninth leaf was too difficult. However, attaining seven leaves was enough to attract the attention of the humans in the upper realm. There was a high possibility that they would help repair the ascension passage! As long as one more petal was opened …
"One petal, just one petal will do. Luo Tianxing, do your best!" Zhou Huang muttered.
"Who knew that this brat would mysteriously become our hope?" The Tianfeng War Emperor shook his head and said, "I hope he succeeds!"
Many Spirit Sea Realm warriors were also praying softly. At this moment, they were afraid of disturbing Luo Zheng and all of them kept their voices as low as possible. In truth, Luo Zheng was not the one who controlled the opening of the Lotus Flower. Even if Luo Zheng had nothing to do with fighting, he would open as many petals as he needed. However, these Spirit Sea Realm warriors were too cautious because they placed too much importance on this matter.
Under everyone's anticipation, the Lotus Flower continued to slowly spin. However, the petals did not fall.
"One petal, just one petal … I beg you," a Spirit Sea Realm warrior sobbed. His face was filled with agony. That Spirit Sea Realm warrior's temperament and elegance had completely disappeared. He seemed like a pitiful woman begging for mercy. However, he did not know who he was begging to. To Luo Zheng? To the Heavens? Or to the Lotus Flower?
The other Spirit Sea Realm warriors did not laugh at him. If begging was useful, they would put aside their pride and beg for mercy. However, this was not the time to be concerned about their pride.
Luo Zheng blinked his eyes and looked at the Lotus Flower in the sky. He did not know that because of him, he had caused an uproar at the Pyramid. Everyone was waiting for the Lotus Flower.
After waiting for a long time, Luo Zheng simply sat down with his legs crossed and closed his eyes. Qinglong had told him that the number of petals he could open was up to fate. It was not something he could control with his own will. There was no point in being anxious.
The problem was that although Luo Zheng thought this way, the other Spirit Sea Realm warriors did not. They did not know the origin and function of the Lotus Flower, but they knew that it would work if they were sincere. At such a critical moment, Luo Zheng did not pay attention to the Lotus Flower. Instead, he closed his eyes and meditated indifferently. How could this be?

Chapter 860
Battle Emperor Yu the Great had never been in such a predicament before. Previously, he was overbearing and wanted to kill Luo Zheng many times.
However, at this moment, he wanted to ask Luo Zheng to be more serious. Although being serious wouldn't be of much use …
Battle Emperor Yu the Great's ambition and desire were the strongest compared to the other three Divine Monarchs. Because of this, he wanted to ascend more than anyone else. The greater the expectation, the greater the disappointment. Hence, his emotions fluctuated even more violently.
Previously, Battle Emperor Yu the Great felt that Luo Zheng didn't have a high chance of reaching the seventh leaf. However, when he saw that Luo Zheng had already opened five leaves, he was filled with anticipation.
However, the enmity between him and Luo Zheng was too great. It wasn't convenient for him to show himself. He could only beg Zhou Huang.
Because of the previous incident, Zhou Huang had become enemies with Battle Emperor Yu the Great. The Tianfeng War Emperor had almost fought with Battle Emperor Yu the Great because of this incident. However, because the four Divine Nations had been living in harmony for so many years, everyone held back.
When Zhou Huang saw Battle Emperor Yu the Great's expression, he snorted coldly. He stepped down from the pyramid and walked toward Luo Zheng.
He wasn't doing this for Battle Emperor Yu the Great. He was doing this for the sake of all the Divine Sea Realm experts in the four Divine Nations.
Luo Zheng hadn't completed his tribulation yet. Zhou Huang didn't know if he could get too close to him. He maintained a distance of several hundred feet from Luo Zheng. Then, he whispered to Luo Zheng, "Tianxing, this … the lotus flower has opened. Isn't it inappropriate for you to meditate by yourself?"
When Luo Zheng heard Zhou Huang's words, he opened his eyes. He looked at Zhou Huang curiously and asked, "My Lord, what do you mean by inappropriate?"
Zhou Huang didn't know how to remind Luo Zheng. After thinking for a while, he said, "I mean, can you be more serious?" As he spoke, he pointed at the slowly spinning lotus flower in the sky.
"Serious?" At this moment, Luo Zheng finally understood Zhou Huang's words. They probably felt that he shouldn't meditate at this moment. He should be serious.
The problem was, how could he be serious?
He had no control over how many leaves the lotus flower could open. That was what Qinglong had told him: he could open as many leaves as he wanted!
However, when he saw Zhou Huang's expression, Luo Zheng felt a little embarrassed. He chuckled twice and stood up again. He stared blankly at the lotus flower in the sky. His heart was incomparably puzzled. What did it have to do with them how many lotus flowers I opened?
It was just that Zhou Huang had been taking care of Luo Zheng for a long time, so he could only pretend. How could he know that the number of lotus leaves that were opened was already tied to the fates of these Spirit Sea Realm warriors!
The lotus flower was still spinning slowly, neither too fast nor too slow. It did not disappear, nor did it open another lotus leaf.
As everyone waited, they became more and more anxious …
"Open it! Hurry up and open it! "
"Sigh, can't you be more straightforward? This kind of people's hearts are broken! "
"I've been waiting here for half an hour. It feels like I've been waiting for a year …"
The lifespan of a Spirit Sea Realm warrior was calculated in tens of thousands of years. In their lives, one hour was just like a white colt passing by. However, this time, the white colt that had passed by was unwilling to take the first step. Therefore, in their eyes, this two hour period was extremely long!
After an hour, the lotus flower suddenly trembled!
"Open, open, open … Is it going to open?! It's opening! "Seeing the movement of the lotus flower, a Spirit Sea Realm warrior roared.
If a Spirit Sea Realm warrior really roared in excitement, his voice would be extremely powerful. The Spirit Sea Realm warriors present were still fine, but the Immortal Realm geniuses were all dizzy. Even Luo Zheng could not help but cover his ears.
"Zhou Bing, do you want to die?!" Another Spirit Sea Realm warrior was afraid of affecting Luo Zheng, so he coldly scolded the excited Spirit Sea Realm warrior angrily.
"I, I, I …" Realizing that he had lost his composure, Zhou Bing stuttered. His face was filled with guilt. He only said in a low voice, "I, I'm sorry. I was too excited …"
"It's opening! It is indeed open … "Zhou Huang murmured. He was also very excited, but he still lowered his voice in the midst of his excitement.
On the lotus flower, the sixth lotus leaf slowly fell down. The pure white petals stretched out, blooming an indescribable beauty in the eyes of everyone!
Huo Yuner sat on the steps of the pyramid. His slender body relaxed, but his eyes were blurred as he stared at the petals. He said in a low voice, "This lotus flower is really beautiful …"
"Great, there's hope for this Ascension Passage …"
"After so many years, I thought we would all die in this big wide world! I didn't expect that hope would come like this … "
Many Spirit Sea Realm warriors were overwhelmed with emotions. It was as if there were flames burning in their chests!
However, at this moment, Daoist White Eyebrows poured a bucket of cold water on them. "As I said, there's hope for opening the Ascension Passage by opening seven lotus leaves. However, the probability is only about 30%. Seven lotus leaves are already rare in the world, but repairing the Ascension Passage from the Upper Realm is also a troublesome matter! I can't guarantee it! "
The Ascension Passage was usually repaired from the Lower Realm. If one wanted to forcefully repair it from the Upper Realm, it would be the so-called "reverse repair". This reverse repair was hundreds of times more difficult than repairing it from the Lower Realm. Indeed, one would have to pay a higher price to succeed.
"30, 30% … Supervisor, please help us. We can …" Battle Emperor Yu the Great was originally immersed in joy, but at this moment, he suddenly became nervous.
Daoist White Eyebrows smiled faintly and said, "What can you do? What's in this Divine Kingdom Continent that's worth the Upper Realm's attention? We've been searching for the Ancestral Dragon egg for so many years, but you still can't get it. This big wide world is actually not worth the Upper Realm's attention! "
"This …" Battle Emperor Yu the Great was immediately choked by Daoist White Eyebrows' words.
The difference between the Lower Realm and the Upper Realm was like the difference between a capital and a small mountain village. What would they care about in the Lower Realm? Even if it was a divine weapon, they probably wouldn't care about it!
However, Daoist White Eyebrows said again, "But don't worry, I'll help you. Besides, we still have to rely on the Holy Maiden to convey this news to the Upper Realm!"
As soon as he finished speaking, many Spirit Sea Realm warriors stared at Bai Yuerong in unison. Bai Yuerong nodded seriously and said, "I'll try my best …" In fact, Bai Yuerong also knew that she was just a mouthpiece. The person who could really decide this matter was the supervisor.
"The seventh leaf is open!"
While everyone was talking, the seventh lotus leaf was put down.
The number of lotus flowers bloomed was an odd number. Since the sixth leaf was opened, the seventh leaf would definitely be opened. This was not unexpected.
At this moment, a Spirit Sea Realm warrior let out a long sigh. "Sigh, since the seventh leaf has already opened, why don't we just open the ninth leaf …"
Daoist White Eyebrows also nodded, but he snorted with a smile. "Yes, if this Luo Zheng can open the nine-leaf lotus flower, the Upper Realm will have no reason to not pay attention. No matter the price, they'll have to repair this Ascension Passage!"
As soon as he said this, many Spirit Sea Realm warriors began to look forward to it …
It was not that they were greedy, but the Ascension Passage was too important. There was only a 30% chance of opening the seventh leaf, but opening the ninth leaf was a sure thing. It was impossible for them not to look forward to it.
However, Daoist White Eyebrows said again, "Unfortunately, the probability of a nine-leaf lotus flower, hehe … It's already amazing for a large realm to have one. This is a one in a trillion chance, and I've never heard of it. I don't want to say that the warriors of the Lower Realm are weaker than those of the Upper Realm, but at least I've never heard of a warrior with a nine-leaf lotus flower in the Lower Realm."
When Daoist White Eyebrows said this, many Spirit Sea Realm warriors finally calmed down.
Of course, they were looking forward to it, but the probability was so small that their expectations couldn't be too strong. They had a feeling of resignation!
A warrior with a nine-leaf lotus flower couldn't even be born in a large realm, so how could it be born in a Lower Realm?
Many Spirit Sea Realm warriors also gradually calmed down. They regained the bearing that a Spirit Sea Realm warrior should have and looked at the slowly rotating lotus flower indifferently.
Very quickly, another two hours passed. Suddenly, the lotus flower trembled slightly again!

Chapter 861
Previously, every time the lotus flower trembled, a leaf would appear. Now that the lotus flower was trembling again, could it be that another leaf was about to appear?
White Brow Daoist's words had extinguished the hopes of those Spirit Sea Realm experts. But this shock immediately drew everyone's attention back to the battle!
Didn't Daoist White Brow say that there wasn't even a single martial artist in a large world that could open a nine-leaf lotus flower? Such a character would definitely alarm the Upper Realm!
As for the ascension passage, it would be repaired no matter how great the price was!
Even Daoist White Brow's expression became incomparably solemn. His gaze was like lightning as he stared fixedly at the trembling lotus flower!
Compared to those Divine Sea Realm experts, he had a clearer understanding of this lotus flower and what it meant to have a nine-leaf lotus flower.
When a martial artist cultivated, they could follow the heavens and absorb the laws of the Heavenly Dao step by step. From the lower level laws to the origin laws, then to the higher level laws, which was the law of cause and effect …
However, if one followed the heavens, they would eventually encounter a considerable bottleneck. They wouldn't be able to transcend this cycle of reincarnation, nor would they be able to transcend the shackles of the Heavenly Dao!
Only a martial artist who cultivated in defiance of the heavens could surpass the Heavenly Dao and achieve greater achievements!
Not all martial artists could surpass the Heavenly Dao. Even if a nine-leaf lotus flower was opened, it only meant that a martial artist had the potential and talent to do so. Only such a person could be called a genius in the Upper Realm!
The meaning of the word genius was different in different places.
A genius in the Lower Realm referred to a person with talent. It was a person who had a unique talent in a certain aspect!
And a so-called genius in the Upper Realm referred to a creature who had the talent to surpass the Heavenly Dao!
A martial artist who opened a nine-leaf lotus flower was able to bring out the potential of surpassing the Heavenly Dao to the limit. Such a character, placed in any race or force, was an existence like a supreme treasure.
Compared to the Nine-Petal Lotus Flower, the baptism of the Laws was nothing. So, although he was surprised that Luo Zheng was able to comprehend Huo Yuner's Laws of Time in such a short period of time, it was only worthy of his attention, and it was far less shocking than the Nine-Petal Lotus Flower!
The group of Divine Sea Realm cultivators heard White Brow Daoist's words and understood that the Nine Petal Lotus Flower was very powerful. Even a big world couldn't produce such a person.
The problem was that this group of Divine Sea Realm experts had never been to the Upper Realm. They didn't have a very direct understanding of a large realm or a hundred thousand large realms. It was like a person from the capital telling a remote mountain village how big and how rich the capital was. The person from the remote mountain village would only have a rough idea. Even if this group of Divine Sea Realm experts used their imagination, it would still be very difficult for them to perceive how big a large realm was and how rare a Nine-petaled Lotus Flower was …
They did not care about this. All they knew was that once the Nine-Petal Lotus was activated, the ascension passageway would definitely be repaired. That was enough!
The nine-petaled lotus flower was still trembling slowly. Luo Zheng's eyes were fixed on the huge lotus flower as he quietly looked at it. In all fairness, he naturally hoped that all the leaves of the lotus flower would open. However, Qinglong had told him that it was not up to him to decide how many petals he could open.
The number of leaves almost determined the height a person could reach in a big world. This was a preview of a cultivator's fate.
Luo Zheng did not have a clear understanding of the strength of big worlds, Realm Lords, and Heavenly Venerables. However, he understood the strength of that person in the Void Spirit Sect. That person's strength was probably an existence that surpassed Heavenly Venerables. He had only met Luo Yan for a short time before he was taken away by that young man. If he wanted to see Luo Yan again, he could imagine the height he had to reach!
Even if he activated the Nine-Petaled Lotus Flower, it did not mean that he could reach the height he wanted …
Under Luo Zheng's gaze, the Lotus Flower trembled continuously. One of the last two leaves on the Lotus Flower was finally released slowly.
"It's open, it's all open! It looks like we've finally endured all these years! "
"The eighth leaf is open, hahahaha … We don't have to seek those unorthodox methods anymore. We can ascend openly!"
At this moment, a Divine Ocean Realm expert's eyes were brimming with tears of excitement!
In order to break through to the Divine Ocean Realm and ascend, this group of Divine Ocean Realm experts who had lived for tens of thousands of years had done everything they could.
They went overseas to seek opportunities, risked their lives, and went to the edge of the Great Thousand World. They dreamed of crossing the world barrier, entering another Great Thousand World, and then ascending …
In the deep sea, they hunted some extremely ferocious creatures, hoping to find some special methods from them to help them break through …
In these long years, they had spent too much time. Their goal was to become stronger and ascend!
Even Divine Sea Realm Almighties were not invincible in this large world. In the process of searching for these opportunities, many Divine Sea Realm Almighties had fallen and paid the price with their lives. In the end, they still died with grievances.
But who would have thought that today, they would be able to fulfill their lifelong dream – to repair the ascension passage?
However, these people never dreamed that the Northern Heaven Domain, which was extremely barren in their eyes, had a Rising Dragon Platform three years ago in the Central Domain. This Rising Dragon Platform originally belonged to the Dragon Bloodline Clan of the Sky Feather Sacred Ocean. Using this Rising Dragon Platform, they could ascend to the Great Thousand World.
Because the Rising Dragon Platform ascended to the Great Thousand World, they were imprisoned for a thousand years!
A thousand years was a long time, but compared to the long lifespan of Divine Ocean Realm experts, it was nothing. Exchanging a thousand years of lifespan for ascension was definitely a good deal …
Under the constant trembling of the lotus flower, the eighth leaf finally descended slowly.
After the eighth leaf descended, the ninth leaf also slowly descended under the gazes of the crowd …
The nine leaves had finally fully bloomed. This perfect lotus flower slowly rotated in the air.
Luo Zheng's mouth curved into a smile. Although the difficulty of ascending to the Life and Death Realm this time was not small, and the process was a little complicated, the result was pretty good.
Everyone also understood that everything was settled. They let out a sigh of relief in their hearts, and a feeling of joy filled their chests.
However, just when everyone thought that it was over, the lotus flower unexpectedly trembled once again!
"Eh?" Luo Zheng's eyebrows twitched slightly. He stared at the lotus flower, and a blank expression appeared on his face. The nine leaves had already bloomed, so he didn't know why the lotus flower was still trembling.
"Supervisor, what's going on?" A Divine Ocean Realm expert asked.
White Brow Daoist's face was also full of astonishment. Logically speaking, when the nine leaves bloomed, the lotus flower should have maintained its perfect state. However, it was still trembling, as if something was trying to break free from the lotus flower. What was going on?
For a moment, White Brow Daoist couldn't figure it out. The expression on his face could only be described as "baffling."
Bai Yuerong looked at the lotus flower and gently bit her lips. In her mind, she was memorizing the top-secret literature …
The history of Esoteric Religion was very long. It was said that the inheritance of Esoteric Religion could be traced back to the last Evolution Era. In other words, Esoteric Religion existed before many creatures were born in this Evolution Era. When an Evolution Era ended, the Heavenly Dao would be destroyed. However, in this universe, there were always powerful people who could continue the inheritance. Some inheritances could transcend time, time, and even the Heavenly Dao.
Therefore, although Bai Yuerong wasn't as knowledgeable as White Brow Daoist, as a Saintess of Esoteric Religion, she could come into contact with some information that White Brow Daoist himself couldn't access.
The lotus flower was divided into nine leaves. The nine leaves represented the nine treasures of the lotus flower …
However, this was only the first layer of heaven. It was the Lesser Realization Lotus Flower. If one could break through the Heavenly Barrier, they would enter the Mahayana Realm and open up 27 heart sources. That would be the second layer of heaven …
Thinking of this, Bai Yuerong's heart suddenly beat faster. She blurted out, "Supervisor, is Luo Zheng going to open the second layer of heaven? Is it the Mahayana Lotus Flower? "
She wasn't sure, so she could only say this to White Brow Daoist.
＝＝＝＝＝

Chapter 862
Although Daoist White Brow didn't know what was going on, it didn't mean that he didn't know what the Mahayana Lotus Flower was!
However, he never thought that the kid in front of him could really open the second layer of heaven and enter the Mahayana Lotus Flower realm.
This was because in Daoist White Brow's knowledge, this was simply impossible.
This lotus flower was also divided into Hinayana and Mahayana. Hinayana could only reach nine leaves, while Mahayana could reach twenty-seven leaves …
There were many cultivators who opened the Hinayana Lotus Flower, but it was hard to find a single person who could open the Hinayana Lotus Flower to nine leaves in a great realm. This was already extremely rare. However, according to an era, which was 3.6 billion years, the number of cultivators who could open the Hinayana Lotus Flower was definitely not small.
However, cultivators who could open the Mahayana Lotus Flower …
In these tens of thousands of years, perhaps someone in a corner of a great realm had opened the Mahayana Lotus Flower. After all, the Upper Realm was really too big. One couldn't blame Daoist White Brow for being ignorant.
However, from what Daoist White Brow knew, there wasn't a single one!
He only heard that Celestial Venerable Ling Xiao of the Firmament Realm had opened the Mahayana Lotus Flower after crossing the Reincarnation Tribulation 2.6 million years ago. As for whether other Celestial Venerables had opened the Mahayana Lotus Flower, Daoist White Brow wasn't sure.
That was a treatment that only Celestial Venerables had. Could this kid in front of him really open it?
Daoist White Brow's eyes revealed an unprecedented seriousness. If the Mahayana Lotus Flower was still under his control, Daoist White Brow had completely given up now. This was because he didn't know what it meant. The only thing he knew was that if this matter was reported through the reverse spirit channel, it would probably cause an unprecedented sensation!
He felt that his throat was a little dry. It had been many years since the Upper Realm sent him down to supervise the four Divine Nations in retrieving the Ancestral Dragon egg!
Daoist White Brow was clear about his fate. He was afraid that only by retrieving the Ancestral Dragon egg would he be qualified to return to the Upper Realm.
If he could unearth a cultivator who had opened the Mahayana Lotus Flower, his fate would probably change, and he might even obtain unimaginable benefits.
However, could Luo Zheng really open the second layer of heaven?
White Brow Daoist was still very doubtful. This possibility was so small that it was almost negligible …
However, after thinking about it carefully, it wasn't impossible. The Nine-Petal Lotus Flower was the limit of the Lesser Realization Lotus Flower. If one counted all the cultivators who had opened the Nine-Petal Lotus Flower 3.6 billion years ago, and then counted the cultivators who had opened the Mahayana Lotus Flower, this probability wouldn't be too low!
The Nine-Petaled Lotus Flower trembled more and more violently in the air, and the speed at which its leaves spun also became faster and faster.
Luo Zheng had no idea what was going on. He could only ask Qinglong in his mind, "Qinglong, hasn't the Nine Petal Lotus finished blooming? Could it be that this thing can germinate and grow a second flower? "
Qinglong's laughter sounded in his mind. "Hahahaha, your idea is too weird. How can you grow a second flower? It seems that you're about to open the second layer of heaven. You have the fate of Battle of the Grand Worlds, so it's indeed possible. Let's wait and see!"
"What on earth is the second layer of heaven?" Luo Zheng was still puzzled.
Qinglong explained indifferently, "This is the difference between the Lesser Realization Lotus Flower and the Mahayana Lotus Flower. You will understand in a while."
As soon as Qinglong's voice fell, a stamen slowly rose from the center of the Nine-Petal Lotus Flower. Strangely, there was a small flower bud in the center of the stamen.
Under the watchful eyes of the crowd, the stamen rose higher and higher, and the flower bud continued to expand at a speed visible to the naked eye. In a short while, the flower bud had already surpassed the nine-petaled lotus flower, and layers of leaves tightly wrapped around it!
"There really is a second Nine-Petal Lotus Flower. I was right," Luo Zheng said with a chuckle.
"How can you be right? This is just a Nine-Petal Lotus Flower … "Qinglong retorted.
When that even bigger lotus flower slowly rose, the lotus leaves on top of it began to open one by one, one by one …
"One, two, three, four …" Huo Chen looked at the leaves and counted continuously.
Not long after, the bigger Nine-Petal Lotus Flower had opened a total of 26 petals. Only one petal had not bloomed, and it made people feel that it was slightly incomplete.
The two layers of Nine-Petal Lotus Flower bloomed and slowly floated in front of everyone, emitting a sweet fragrance. Dazzling streamers escaped from the petals.
"This person …" Bai Yuerong sighed.
White Brow Daoist immediately said, "He at least has the destiny of a Battle of the Worlds. In this Great Era that has descended, he may not be the absolute protagonist, but he can at least play an important role!"
"A Battle of the Worlds …" Bai Yuerong originally wanted to say this. How could she not know that a Great Era had descended? Otherwise, how could the four Divine Kingdoms produce so many god-grade geniuses? In the history of the Divine Kingdoms, this had never happened before!
Although she knew that a Great Era had descended and that many god-grade geniuses had appeared, Bai Yuerong had never imagined that a warrior with the destiny of a Battle of the Worlds would appear in this Great Thousand World.
At this moment, Bai Yuerong suddenly remembered what had happened in the Heavenly Mist Immortal Tomb. In the Wheel of Fortune in the Heavenly Mist Immortal Tomb, Luo Zheng's luck had been very bad at the beginning, or it could be said that it had been very bumpy. However, after he had overcome it, he had been the first to rise and pass the Wheel of Fortune!
When she thought of this and saw the Mahayana Lotus Flower that Luo Zheng had opened, Bai Yuerong's guess was verified …
No wonder his luck was so strong. No wonder … Bai Yuerong muttered to herself.
The Tianfeng War Emperor had a smile on his face. He had already shifted his gaze away from the Lotus Flower above his head. At this moment, he was sizing up Luo Zheng. In the eyes of the Tianfeng War Emperor, this Luo Zheng was becoming more and more pleasing to the eye. He was becoming more and more perfect!
The Tianfeng War Emperor had a short temper and a straightforward personality. Most warriors who cultivated the Law of Fire had such a personality. Since he had something in his heart, he couldn't hide it. At this moment, he looked at Huo Yuner, who was sitting beside him. She was at the age where she was about to blossom. Her entire body was brimming with a youthful aura. Although warriors had a long lifespan, she still needed to find a dual cultivation partner!
The Tianfeng War Emperor was extremely picky. In fact, many Divine Sea Realm Almighties had proposed marriage to him, but he had rejected all of them. In the eyes of the Tianfeng War Emperor, among the younger generation of warriors in the four Divine Kingdoms, there was no one who was worthy of his daughter!
Although this Luo Zheng's origin was unclear and he seemed to be from a small place like the Tianbei Region, even the War Emperor himself couldn't imagine how great this kid's future would be if the War Emperor placed so much importance on him. Such a character couldn't be missed.
Therefore, the Tianfeng War Emperor opened his mouth and asked, "Yuner, what do you think of this kid?"
The Tianfeng War Emperor didn't know how to avoid the topic. When he spoke, there were many people around. Although Huo Yuner was innocent and naive, she was already at this age. How could she not understand the meaning behind her father's words?
Her beautiful eyes were originally fixed on Luo Zheng. When the Tianfeng War Emperor spoke, her face turned red. She retracted her gaze and said coquettishly, "Father, what are you saying?!"
The Tianfeng War Emperor chuckled. He knew that his daughter was shy. However, this wasn't a problem that could be solved by being shy. If he missed this opportunity, there wouldn't be another one. He had to find a chance to ask Luo Zheng directly.
When the conversation reached the ears of the other Divine Ocean Realm experts, a trace of understanding appeared on their faces. This Old Huo's brain was indeed fast! If she could become Luo Zheng's Dual Cultivation Partner, with this Luo Zheng's talent, his future would be immeasurable!
Therefore, the other Divine Sea Realm warriors had their own plans as well, especially those who had daughters and were both talented and beautiful …
The lotus flower in the sky slowly rotated. Finally, its color dimmed and it slowly disappeared from everyone's sight.
Seeing this scene, Luo Zheng sighed and said, "Alas, I thought that the last leaf would open!"
In his mind, Qinglong sneered and said, "Dream on. You should be satisfied that the Mahayana Lotus Flower opened to this degree. Moreover, after this lotus flower appears, it will appear every time you undergo a tribulation …"
Luo Zheng nodded and walked towards the pyramid. He still had a large amount of precious ores to process!

Chapter 863
The thin line appeared abruptly in the sky. However, as soon as it appeared, everyone, including Luo Zheng himself, froze on the spot as if they had been immobilized.
At this moment, Luo Zheng suddenly felt a great power! This power seemed to have completely surpassed the limits of living creatures!
Everyone felt that their bodies had been frozen. Their blood had stopped flowing and their hearts had stopped beating. Only their consciousness was still moving slowly. However, they felt that their souls were as insignificant as dust under this thin line …
"What's that …"
"How can there be such a powerful thing? It's just a thin line, but I can feel such a great power!"
"I, I'm too insignificant. I'm just living an ignoble life …"
The mighty warriors of the Divine Sea Realm had lived for tens of thousands of years. They had a long lifespan, extensive knowledge, and mature thinking. Needless to say, their hearts of martial arts were as firm as iron walls!
However, under the power of that thin line, some of the mighty warriors of the Divine Sea Realm showed signs of collapsing …
The power of that thin line was aimed at Luo Zheng. The others were still some distance away from Luo Zheng. Luo Zheng himself bore the brunt of it!
Luo Zheng suddenly raised his head and stared at that thin line with a cold expression. "Qinglong, what's that …" Luo Zheng didn't think too much. At this moment, he felt that he was facing a life or death situation. Therefore, he asked Qinglong at once. At least, he wanted to know if he had a way to break it!
However, Qinglong slowly said, "I don't know …"
Even Qinglong hadn't seen this thing before. It indeed couldn't answer Luo Zheng's question.
But soon, Luo Zheng knew what it was.
The thin line continued to extend, extending for several meters in the sky. Then, the thin line split into two, becoming two thin lines. After the two thin lines separated, the ends were still connected, forming an arc that outlined the shape of an eye. In the center of the eye, there was only a black eye!
That was an eye.
There were tens of thousands of species in the universe. Every species had a different appearance. However, there was one thing that couldn't be separated from — eyes!
"Eye, whose eye is this?" Luo Zheng narrowed his eyes. His face was full of caution. He didn't feel any kindness from this eye. On the contrary, he felt a trace of fierce hostility from this eye!
No, maybe it shouldn't be called hostility. Luo Zheng thought indifferently, "I'm not qualified to make it hostile. I'm too insignificant … This eye appeared out of curiosity. That fierce hostility should come from instinct. As long as it wants, it can kill me in an instant!"
Luo Zheng's eyes met the eye as he stood there quietly!
After a while, the eye suddenly blinked, and a black ray of light shot out from the black pupil!
Then, the eye blinked again and disappeared in the sky. However, that black light didn't disappear. Instead, it flew in a certain direction. Then, it kept refracting in the sky and kept approaching Luo Zheng!
Daoist White Eyebrows and the other Divine Sea Realm experts didn't say anything at this moment. Their faces were pale as they looked at the black light refracting in the sky …
Luo Zheng had just bloomed. In the hearts of the Divine Sea Realm experts, Luo Zheng was their hope to ascend to the upper world. Now, if anyone wanted to take away Luo Zheng's life, they would protect Luo Zheng and kill him! It could be said that in their eyes, Luo Zheng had become the key to ascending to the upper world. He was also the core and the most important person.
But at this moment, they didn't move!
That black light that kept refracting and changing directions was too terrifying. They couldn't even think of resisting!
"Buzz …"
The black light suddenly extended to a distance of several feet. Then, it changed directions again at an angle of 30 degrees and extended to another 70 or 80 feet. It refracted in different directions, but it was getting closer and closer to Luo Zheng. It was only a matter of time before it shot toward Luo Zheng!
How could he resist this black light …
Luo Zheng didn't have much time left. He knew that he couldn't resist this black light. His Protective True Essence couldn't, his Divine Weapon Body couldn't, and his Starry Combat Body couldn't. The only thing he could rely on was the will of the Great Thousand World!
"Can I only use my strength to resist this black light? Can I use the entire Great Thousand World to resist it?" At this moment, Luo Zheng suddenly had a crazy idea!
Given the strength of that eye, it could destroy the entire Great Thousand World with just a wave of its hand …
Now, Luo Zheng had only one way left!
Thinking of this, Luo Zheng's mind began to spin rapidly. He was crazily absorbing the memories in his mind, the memories projected by the will of the Great Thousand World!
At this moment, he included the memories of all the mountains in the Great Thousand World in his mind!
Mountains, mountains …
Eastern Region, Purgatory Mountain, Jade Dragon Mountain, the 33 peaks, and the vast mountains in the north of the Eastern Region.
Central Domain, Western Mountain Range, Hundred Thousand Mountains, Nine Dragons Mountain.
The entire North Heaven Region had a total of 730,000 mountains of various sizes …
Divine Country Continent, 1.3 million mountains …
Sea God Continent, 860,000 mountains …
Apart from this, there were also numerous mountain ranges on barren islands …
There was also a Savage Land that was even larger than Divine Country Continent, and more than two million mountains …
In total, there were more than five million mountains!
With a thought, Luo Zheng calculated all the mountains!
After thinking for a bit, Luo Zheng excluded the Eastern Region. Just before the black light rushed toward Luo Zheng, he activated his strength transfer!
"Since I am already the representative of this Great Thousand World, I can be considered to have the right to control this Great Thousand World. Please help me pass through this disaster," Luo Zheng said indifferently.
The "you" Luo Zheng spoke of was actually for the Great Thousand World's will.
Although Luo Zheng had merged with the will of the entire Great Thousand World, he still couldn't be considered the master of this Great Thousand World. He couldn't resist this black light, and could only rely on the Great Thousand World to resist.
Of course, the will of the Great Thousand World was the collective body of all the creatures in the Great Thousand World. It wasn't a single person, nor did it have a specific thought process. For example, the little monster was the embodiment of the Great Thousand World's will, but even the little monster didn't know about this.
Luo Zheng said this only out of respect for the creatures of the Great Thousand World, and also out of respect for himself!
As soon as his voice fell, the black light already shot toward Luo Zheng.
Everyone present could only watch this scene in a daze. After seeing this black light, no one could think of resisting, because it was simply impossible to resist!
In an instant, the black light hit Luo Zheng's chest and quickly sank into it. In the next moment, Luo Zheng's entire body, including his clothes, lips, the whites of his eyes, and fingernails, turned black in an instant!
After this black light drilled into Luo Zheng's body, it instantly wrapped up every cell in Luo Zheng's body and then destroyed them! If someone could see inside Luo Zheng's body, they would find that his brain, internal organs, bones, blood vessels, and every drop of blood had turned black …
This was a method of obliteration. After obliterating Luo Zheng in this way, not even a strand of hair or a single cell in his body would be left in this world. It was a complete disappearance, a million times cleaner than burning bones and scattering ashes!
After a breath, an extremely terrifying power was released!
At the same time, every part and cell in Luo Zheng's body began to bear a huge impact of power!
Just as the energy of this black light began to bloom, the first mountain began to collapse!
"Boom …"

Chapter 864
The two Snow Flood Dragons' nests were built in this mountain, but in an instant, the entire mountain disappeared. Caught off guard, the two Snow Flood Dragons started falling down from the sky. Although flying was an easy task for the Snow Flood Dragons, as they had awakened their intelligence, they couldn't understand what was happening in front of them. Why would a perfectly fine mountain suddenly disappear?
But, what happened next shocked the two Snow Flood Dragons. The towering mountains in front of them were disappearing at an incredible speed. Every time a mountain started collapsing, it would disappear in an instant!
"Rumble, rumble, rumble …"
The western region of the Central Domain was uninhabited. The mountains here were endless, and there were more than 50,000 to 60,000 of them. With so many mountains, even a Void Tribulation warrior would need a lot of time to travel across them.
But, right at this moment, all the mountains were destroyed in just a few breaths of time …
This strange scene didn't only happen in the western region of the Central Domain, all the mountains in the Central Domain were being destroyed!
On top of a 300 meter tall mountain south of Tianqi City, the three Alliance Chiefs of the Merchant Alliance were hosting a meeting. The participants were all the investors of the Merchant Alliance. Currently, only the World Business Alliance was the biggest organization in the entire Central Domain. However, Shi Kefan didn't have the ambition to establish a Sacred Land. Although the Merchant Alliance was a powerful organization, they were still businessmen at heart.
But, just as the crowd was about to gather, the small mountain under their feet suddenly started collapsing from the middle.
Everyone was shocked, and before they could react, the ground beneath their feet disappeared, and the entire small mountain was destroyed in an instant …
"Is … is this an enemy attack?" A Divine Core warrior screamed out. Although the shadow of the Kingdom of Evil Deities had disappeared, it had still left a deep impression on many warriors.
"Attack my ass!" Yan Yueshan who was floating in the air cursed.
Many warriors could destroy a mountain, and Yan Yueshan and the others could do the same. It was difficult to destroy a mountain, but the problem was, they couldn't destroy a mountain in an instant! This kind of divine ability had gone beyond their imagination!
Even worse was that along with an even more intense sound of collapse, the 1,500m tall White Named Mountain outside Heaven Awaken City had suddenly vanished ….
In Tianqi City, as long as one raised their head towards the south, they would be able to see the black shadow of Bai Ming Mountain. This mountain was like a giant, and it was guarding the southern region of Tianqi City. Right at this moment, the black shadow suddenly disappeared!
"Bai, Bai Ming Mountain is destroyed as well …" Yan Yueshan swallowed his saliva......... Everyone's eyes were filled with fear, but they had no idea what was happening....
............
Thousands, tens of thousands, hundreds of thousands of mountains. Regardless of whether it was a 300-meter-tall hill or a 3000-meter-tall mountain, they were all annihilated by an irresistible force.
..........................
The mountains in the entire Great Wide World were constantly being annihilated.
Luo Zheng was still covered in a black shadow, as if he had just crawled out from a black swamp. He stood still, but his mind was still spinning rapidly. Through the new memories in his mind, Luo Zheng was trying to figure out how many mountains were left in the Great Thousand World!
5 million mountains …
4 million mountains …
3 million mountains …
2 million mountains …
1 million mountains …
"Even if all the mountains are destroyed, they still can't resist the power of this black light?" Luo Zheng's eyes flickered.
He could feel the black light's power was still being unleashed, but he had no idea how much power it contained. But, Luo Zheng still had a powerful backing, the ocean and the continent …
Just now, Luo Zheng didn't choose the ocean as the target of the transfer of power!
Previously, in order to resist the power of the Heaven's Tribulation, Luo Zheng transferred most of the power to the Heavenly Feather Holy Sea, which set off a huge tsunami. It was only because the mighty warriors of the Divine Sea Realm intervened that the tsunami was stopped. Otherwise, the loss of the four Divine Kingdoms would be immeasurable. Those warriors might not be too afraid of the tsunami, but the civilians wouldn't. The casualties would be extremely heavy.
If the power of this black light was transferred to the ocean of the Great Thousand World, it would probably cause an unimaginable tsunami, perhaps a tsunami of tens of thousands of feet. Under such a tsunami, whether it was the Sea God Continent, the Divine Kingdom Continent, or the Central Domain, they would all be destroyed. Ninety-nine percent of the creatures would be destroyed. This was the reason why Luo Zheng didn't choose to transfer the power to the ocean.
Luo Zheng also didn't want to transfer the power directly to the continent. If he transferred the power to the Divine Kingdom Continent, it would fall apart in an instant, no matter how vast the Divine Kingdom Continent was!
But …
If Luo Zheng had no choice, he seemed to have to do this.
But this wasn't something he wanted to see!
Although the path of a warrior was one where the strong preyed on the weak, Luo Zheng didn't pursue strength alone. He didn't want to blindly pursue power, and he didn't want to sacrifice hundreds of millions of creatures to achieve his goal.
This didn't mean that Luo Zheng was kind-hearted, benevolent, righteous, and compassionate. It was just that he didn't want to lose his last trace of humanity and break free from the so-called law of the jungle like a wild beast.
Five hundred thousand mountains …
Luo Zheng clenched his teeth, and his brows were deeply furrowed.
Three hundred thousand mountains …
The speed at which the mountains were being annihilated was far beyond Luo Zheng's imagination!
Two hundred thousand mountains …
At this moment, Luo Zheng's heart was beating faster and faster. He was about to face a difficult choice. Should he die? Or should he let hundreds of millions of creatures die?
This multiple-choice question was very simple for many martial artists. But to Luo Zheng, it was too difficult …
One hundred thousand mountains …
Fifty thousand mountains …
Ten thousand mountains …
If all these mountains were annihilated, and the power of the black light still didn't weaken, Luo Zheng might have to use the mountains in the Eastern Territory.
He thought about the 33 peaks where he used to live. There were countless disciples cultivating there, and most of them were Xiantian lifeforms who couldn't fly. If those mountains were annihilated, who knew how many people would die?
Just as Luo Zheng's face became more and more unsightly, he finally felt the power of the black energy begin to weaken …
This black light came with great momentum, but it also left quickly. Almost in the blink of an eye, Luo Zheng's originally black body began to change, and the black energy quickly disappeared!
Luo Zheng's body seemed to be washed clean, and soon returned to normal.
"I made it through …" At this time, Luo Zheng's face didn't have the slightest trace of joy. Instead, it revealed a trace of sadness.
He had indeed made it through without paying too much of a price, but the whole Vast Thousand World had paid the price in Luo Zheng's place.
Although there weren't many creatures in those mountains, there were five million mountains. The number of creatures sacrificed, including humans, was definitely not small …
"Luo Zheng, he withstood that black light. Even so, it couldn't kill him. This guy is really …" Bai Yuerong was so shocked that even breathing became difficult.
Many Divine Sea Realm experts were also silent. They knew Luo Zheng could transfer power. That little monster of the Nine Cauldrons Martial House had demonstrated this ability in front of them more than once, but no one knew what the limit of this ability was. Could it be that he could transfer power without limit?
These Divine Sea Realm experts didn't know the origin of that black light, but as far as they were concerned, it was easy to annihilate so many Divine Sea Realm experts here. Even if there were a hundred times more Deep Sea Realm experts here, they still wouldn't be able to resist that black light!
Even so, Luo Zheng could still resist such an attack. What did he sacrifice? Where did he transfer the power to?
There were no mountains on the Feather Emperor Island, so the Divine Sea Realm experts didn't know that all the mountains on the continent of the Divine Nation had disappeared …
Zhou Huang couldn't help but be curious. He asked, "Tianxing, I know you used your power to transfer power, but … where did you transfer the power to?"
Luo Zheng blinked and then answered, "Mountains, mountains …"
"Mountains? How many mountains? "Zhou Huang asked curiously.
"The whole world," Luo Zheng said sadly.
(Thank you to Hops Dancing Shadow for the 3000 coins tip! Thank you to Gan Hao for the 500 coins tip! Thank you to Akesia for the tip! Thank you for your encouraging messages!!! I recommend a book, "The Strongest Bodyguard in History," written by a god. It's an absolute masterpiece!)
＝＝＝＝＝

Chapter 865
The whole world …
Many Divine Sea Realm cultivators were speechless …
"In other words, all the mountains in the four Divine Kingdoms have been destroyed?" Zhou Huang asked again.
"Not only the four Divine Kingdoms, but also the Central Domain and other places. Almost all the mountains in the Great Thousand World have been destroyed," Luo Zheng answered truthfully.
In fact, when Luo Zheng said that he would transfer the power to the mountains, many Divine Sea Realm cultivators already had a rough idea.
When a Divine Sea Realm cultivator attacked, such as War Emperor Yu the Great, the transfer of power by Luo Zheng would be enough to destroy a mountain range …
The power emitted by the black eye was so terrifying, and the power contained in the black light was unimaginably powerful. If all the power was transferred to the mountains, how many mountains would it take?
There were many mountains and mountain ranges in the entire Divine Kingdom. No one had done a specific count, but with a rough estimate, there should be at least a few hundred thousand mountains, right?
So many mountains, were they not enough to offset the power contained in the black light?
How many mountains would it take to offset the power? One thousand? Ten thousand? Or one hundred thousand?
The correct answer was close to five million …
All the mountains in the world, except for the ones in the Eastern Domain, were destroyed.
Those Divine Sea Realm cultivators were silent for a while. Then, their expressions changed drastically. In the end, they were only shocked. They could not estimate the impact this would have on the whole Great Thousand World.
What was the limit of Luo Zheng's transfer of power?
He could transfer power to the whole Great Thousand World at will. Could it be that he represented the whole Great Thousand World?
Finally, someone came to this conclusion. Of course, they still could not guess that Luo Zheng had merged with the will of the world. From a certain point of view, Luo Zheng was the whole Great Thousand World!
"What is that black eye?" Tianfeng War Emperor let out a long sigh and asked in a low voice.
The power of one move could destroy the mountains of the whole world. What was that thing …?
The most important thing was that the owner of the eye must have thought that Luo Zheng was too insignificant to block the Black Ray's killing blow. Therefore, after releasing the Black Ray, he left this world.
Just a casually released ray of black light could destroy all the mountains in the world. If he released a few more rays of black light, wouldn't he be able to destroy the entire Upper-Class World?
What kind of existence was that? Everyone found it hard to imagine …
"I don't know." Luo Zheng shook his head. Even Qinglong couldn't answer this question, so naturally, Luo Zheng couldn't.
However, White Brow Daoist said, "I don't know what it is, but to have such power, such a powerful existence, it has to be at least at the level of a Celestial Venerable. Perhaps it is a Celestial Venerable!"
"At least at the level of a Celestial Master?" Luo Zheng suddenly understood.
Heavenly Venerate powerhouses were top-notch existences even in the universe. Destroying a Great Wide World wasn't too difficult for them.
However, the Azure Dragon expressed the opposite opinion in his mind. "It doesn't have to be a Celestial Venerable to be able to do this. A Realm Lord from the Upper Realm is enough to destroy a Greater Thousand World. However, whether it's a Realm Lord or a Celestial Venerable, they can't do this so easily. I can't determine the origin of this eye …"
"I see." Luo Zheng nodded.
He couldn't determine the origin of this eye. Who was it? Why did it target him?
No matter what, with the support of the whole world, Luo Zheng could be considered to have survived a disaster! As for the last strange black eye … it could be considered a part of the Heavenly Tribulation.
Of course, Luo Zheng was not a foolish person. He was also vigilant. Luo Zheng shouldn't have any powerful enemies in the Upper Realm. There must be a reason why the black eye targeted him. What was the reason that his blooming lotus alarmed it? Or was there some other reason? No matter what, he had to be very careful in the future.
Now that Luo Zheng had stepped into the Life and Death Realm, the slowly rotating True Essence in his body was as viscous as glue. This way, his Dantian could bear more True Essence, and the True Essence itself was more condensed. His strength had also increased by a lot.
After completing the breakthrough in his cultivation, Luo Zheng set his goal on the Heavenly Star Mystery Territory. He had promised to help Qinglong obtain the Ancestral Dragon egg, so he had to make this trip no matter what. However, before he set off, Luo Zheng had to deal with the things in his hands first …
However, when Luo Zheng approached the pyramid, he felt a very strange atmosphere. Everyone looked at him in a completely different way.
Most of the Divine Sea Realm experts believed the words of Battle Emperor Yu the Great and the Saintess. They were well aware that Luo Zheng did not come from the four Divine Kingdoms. Although they were not as hostile as Battle Emperor Yu the Great, they were definitely not close to Luo Zheng. Instead, they felt like they were trying to sort him out.
However, there was a trace of kindness in everyone's eyes now. It was as if they were completely treating Luo Zheng as a family member …
Being stared at by dozens of old monsters like this, Luo Zheng suddenly felt a chill in his heart. He suddenly suspected that these Divine Sea Realm experts had taken the wrong medicine.
Of course, Luo Zheng did not know that he had become a treasure in the eyes of these Divine Sea Realm experts. At this time, Luo Zheng had become the key to opening the Ascension Passage. Not only that, Luo Zheng, who had opened the Mahayana Lotus Flower, had a bright future in the Ascension World. It was definitely not a bad thing to have a good relationship with Luo Zheng.
While feeling this chill, Luo Zheng said, "Okay, now it's time to distribute the minerals that we have excavated!"
Luo Zheng did not intend to take all the precious minerals that were excavated from the top of the mining tree. First of all, he was not a blacksmith. Although most of the minerals were precious, they were not of much use to Luo Zheng. However, Luo Zheng had asked Qinglong to identify them. Some of the minerals could be used to create high-level divine runes. Luo Zheng would keep these things.
As for the other things, Luo Zheng intended to let Zhou Huang distribute them. After all, he was in the territory of the four Divine Kingdoms. Although these things were excavated by Luo Zheng himself, it was unrealistic for him to take all of them for himself.
However, as soon as Luo Zheng finished speaking, a Divine Sea Realm expert said with a smile, "Distribute? Little friend Tianxing, those minerals were excavated by you alone. It doesn't seem appropriate to distribute them to everyone like this, does it? "
"That's right." Zhou Huang grinned and said, "There are many minerals among them. They are all priceless. How can we just give them to others? However, we do need some of them. Tianxing, sell them to us at a price!"
"This …" Luo Zheng was speechless. He deeply suspected that these Divine Sea Realm experts had taken the wrong medicine. Why did their attitudes take a 360-degree turn after he transcended a tribulation?
Could it be that they were plotting something …
Taoist Bai Mei and Bai Yuerong were both quietly sizing up Luo Zheng. The news about Luo Zheng must be reported through the Reverse Spirit Channel. However, now was not the time. It was better to wait until Luo Zheng had processed the minerals.
Luo Zheng couldn't find an answer after thinking for a while. He even communicated with Qinglong in his mind for a while. Qinglong couldn't figure out what these guys were thinking either. After all, Qinglong didn't know that Luo Zheng was bound to the Ascension Channel.
Unable to figure it out, Luo Zheng simply ignored this problem. Instead, he took out the minerals one by one from the Sumeru Ring.
Previously, when Luo Zheng was excavating, many Divine Sea Realm experts were eagerly watching the whole process. They knew very well what kind of minerals Luo Zheng had.
There weren't many minerals in the 45th to 47th layers, but each of them had a peculiar shape.
For example, the first crystal that Luo Zheng took out. When he took it out of the Sumeru Ring, it slipped through Luo Zheng's fingers like water and fell to the ground. However, the blue liquid soon merged with each other and formed a small ball that kept bouncing on the ground.

Chapter 866
Luo Zheng had once learned from Xun that even in the Upper Realm, True Origin Stones were one of the main circulating currencies.
Since these Divine Sea Realm experts were stupid and were willing to give him True Origin Stones, how could he refuse?
However, what Luo Zheng didn't expect was that as soon as he finished speaking, a Divine Sea Realm Almighty laughed and said, "I cultivate the Water Law, and I happen to need this Water Core. How about I buy it for 30,000 top-grade True Origin Stones?"
Thirty thousand top-grade True Essence Stones was a considerable amount. Luo Zheng didn't hesitate, and the first transaction was concluded just like that.
There were many precious ores in his ring. This batch of ores was worth around 30,000 to 50,000. There were even a few that went up to 100,000!
One had to know that a Divine Kingdom's treasury would only have around 200,000 to 300,000 top-grade True Origin Stones. However, the Divine Sea Realm experts were usually rich and could afford this price.
Therefore, after Luo Zheng valued the ores one by one, he estimated that he had around 3 million top-grade True Origin Stones.
This place could be considered to be as rich as a nation, and as rich as a God Nation …
After processing the ores, Luo Zheng took out the "Soul Cores" and gave them to Zhou Huang.
These "Soul Cores" were the key to entering the Heavenly Star Secret Realm. Luo Zheng didn't have much use for them. He only needed to ensure that he could enter the Heavenly Star Secret Realm.
However, Luo Zheng was still very interested in how to use these Soul Cores.
These Divine Sea Realm experts came to Feather Emperor Island to kill Ore Devouring Bugs in hopes of obtaining one or two Soul Cores. However, they unexpectedly obtained more than 100 Soul Cores. This time, there were enough spots for the exploration of the Heavenly Star Secret Realm.
"Okay, since the Soul Cores have been distributed, it's time to fly to the Divine Emperor Secret Realm! Tianxing, I'll bring you along! "Tianfeng War Emperor suddenly said with a smile.
Many Divine Sea Realm warriors glared at the Tianfeng War Emperor, but in their minds, they were cursing this sly old fox. He was going to make the first move. He was probably going to sacrifice his own daughter …
However, the Tianfeng War Emperor had stood up for Luo Zheng before, so he could be considered to have taken the initiative.
Luo Zheng nodded and didn't express any objection. In fact, after breaking through to the Life and Death Realm, he could rely on his own strength to deal with the Blood Sacrifice Force of the Sky Feather Saint Ocean. He didn't need anyone's help. However, the Tianfeng War Emperor's hospitality made it difficult for him to refuse.
"Wait." At this moment, Bai Yuerong walked towards Luo Zheng.
Luo Zheng frowned when he saw Bai Yuerong. This woman was his only enemy in the four Divine Kingdoms. It was also because of her that he had been targeted by Battle Emperor Yu the Great.
"What's the matter?" Luo Zheng asked gloomily.
Bai Yuerong smiled and suddenly took out a rhombus-shaped purple crystal from her hand and aimed it at Luo Zheng.
"What do you mean?" Seeing the crystal aimed at him, Luo Zheng showed a trace of vigilance.
Bai Yuerong said calmly, "Don't be afraid. It's just a recording of you."
"A recording?" Luo Zheng asked.
The crystal in Bai Yuerong's hand was equivalent to the crystal used to make a letter tablet. It could seal a recording. However, her crystal could pass through a reverse spirit channel. As the Saintess of the Secret Sect, she shouldered the responsibility of communicating with the upper and lower realms.
Now that a warrior who had opened a Mahayana Lotus Flower had appeared in the four Divine Kingdoms and had opened a total of thirty-five lotus leaves, she had to report this person truthfully.
Seeing Luo Zheng's resistance, the White Eyebrows Daoist explained to Luo Zheng with a smile.
At this moment, Luo Zheng finally understood why the Divine Sea Realm experts' attitudes had suddenly changed. So this was the reason.
However, which branch of the human race in the upper realm did this human belong to?
Was it Yun Luo's branch? Or was it Daoist Tian Miao's branch? Or was it another human force?
Luo Zheng didn't ask. He had never been to the upper realm's human race and didn't have a clear understanding of the human race's strength. Since this was the case, it was better for him to play dumb.
After Bai Yuerong was done, the Tianfeng War Emperor waved his sleeves and a stream of True Essence gushed out. It wrapped Luo Zheng, Huo Chen, Huo Yun 'er, and the others. Then, he felt a powerful force pulling him up into the sky and flying towards the depths of the Heavenly Feather Sacred Sea.
The other Divine Sea Realm experts also flew up. Yan Wang, Zhou Ning, and the others were also brought away from the Feather Emperor Island.
However, not everyone was qualified to enter the Divine Emperor Secret Realm. In fact, only a small portion of the Divine Sea Realm experts would enter the Divine Emperor Secret Realm every year. This was because there were only so many soul cores. It was useless no matter how many people went …
This time, the four Divine Kingdoms could be considered to have "struck it rich". The number of soul cores suddenly increased by several times. Therefore, other than the Divine Sea Realm experts, a few of the younger generation could also be brought along.
However, this was only limited to the crown princes and princes of the Divine Kingdoms. The rest of the god-tier geniuses could only return home.
Luo Zheng was wrapped in the Tianfeng War Emperor's True Essence as he flew through the sky. The Tianfeng War Emperor took this opportunity to talk to Luo Zheng about all sorts of things.
As the King of a Divine Kingdom, he was actually asking about Luo Zheng's background. He was like a matchmaker. Luo Zheng was still speechless. However, Luo Zheng still answered him one by one.
It was only when the Tianfeng War Emperor suddenly asked Luo Zheng if he was married that Luo Zheng realized what the War Emperor meant.
Glancing sideways, he glanced at Huo Yuner next to him. Huo Yuner buried her head very low, and her ears were red.
Luo Zheng smiled and replied, "I'm not married. However, my family has already made a promise."
In Luo Zheng's opinion, when he returned to the Central Domain, he would fulfill his promise and hold the Dual Cultivation Ceremony.
Hearing Luo Zheng's reply, the Tianfeng War Emperor revealed a disappointed expression. He wanted to arrange a marriage for his daughter. Although it was normal for a man to have three wives and four concubines, it was even more so in the world of cultivators. His own harem of beauties was far more than three thousand. However, as the Princess of a Divine Kingdom, she couldn't possibly be a concubine like ordinary people.
The Tianfeng War Emperor was still muttering to himself. Huo Yun 'er's face was also filled with anger.
She had always been obedient in front of her Emperor Father. However, when her Emperor Father talked about matchmaking in front of her, she couldn't bear it anymore. Furthermore, when she heard that Luo Zheng had already made a promise, she was slightly disappointed. However, she grumbled, "Emperor Father, don't ask about these things."
The Tianfeng War Emperor still had a benevolent smile on his face as he said, "What's wrong with asking? Aren't I thinking for your sake?"
Huo Yun 'er fiercely glared at her Emperor Father. Her gaze faintly revealed a complicated expression.
Since ancient times, beauties loved heroes. Ever since Luo Zheng defeated her by the West Dragon River, Huo Yun 'er's heart had indeed been moved. However, she was still a young girl who wasn't even twenty years old. How could she be willing to reveal her feelings? Now that her Emperor Father had brought it up, she couldn't hold her face back.
Fortunately, at this moment, a black island appeared in front of everyone.
Even though there was still a distance between them, everyone could feel the layers of Yin Qi emitted from the island. This was one of the Four Great Secret Realms of the Heavenly Feather Sacred Ocean, the Divine Emperor Secret Realm.
This Divine Emperor Secret Realm was actually the graveyard of the Dragon Bloodline Clan.
In this graveyard, there were millions of corpses of the Dragon Bloodline Clan!
After the Dragon Bloodline Clan's Blood Sacrifice, all the living creatures of the clan had turned into a cloud of blood mist, which turned into a dense curse energy that spread throughout the entire Heavenly Feather Sacred Ocean.
However, the corpses in the graveyard weren't living creatures. Therefore, these corpses weren't affected by the Blood Sacrifice.
Frankly speaking, if it weren't for the Heavenly Star Secret Realm, the warriors of the four Divine Kingdoms wouldn't be interested in the Divine Emperor Secret Realm. They might be able to obtain some funerary items in this graveyard, but many Divine Sea Realm Almighties didn't care about it at all!
However, the Blood Sacrifice in the Heavenly Star Secret Realm was too strong. Even Divine Sea Realm Almighties couldn't resist the Blood Sacrifice. In the end, they figured out a helpless method, which was to use the Soul Cores to control the corpses of the Dragon Bloodline Clan. Then, they would use the corpses to enter the Heavenly Star Secret Realm.
This was the reason why everyone came to the Divine Emperor Secret Realm!

Chapter 867
The entire Divine Emperor Island was a huge graveyard. The color of the graveyard was black.
On the beach of the Divine Emperor Island, the other Divine Sea Realm cultivators had been waiting for a long time. When they saw Huo Yuner, Zhou Ning, and the rest of the younger generation beside the four monarchs, they all had strange expressions.
"Monarch, why did you bring them to the Divine Emperor Secret Realm?" A Divine Sea Realm cultivator of the Black Iron Divine Kingdom couldn't help but ask.
This group of Divine Sea Realm cultivators waited here instead of going to the Feather Emperor Island. Therefore, they didn't know that Luo Zheng had obtained the Black Star Pickaxe and a large number of "soul cores".
Because there weren't enough soul cores every year, these Divine Sea Realm cultivators fought to be the first to enter the Heavenly Star Secret Realm. Therefore, every year, many Divine Sea Realm cultivators would quarrel over the right to obtain "soul cores".
When there weren't enough soul cores to go around, some Divine Sea Realm cultivators even suggested that everyone should have a competition.
However, on second thought, this suggestion was too unrealistic. When Divine Sea Realm cultivators fought, their power was too great. If they fought like this, the Divine Emperor Island would be destroyed in just a few rounds …
This conflict hadn't been resolved even until now. But why did the monarchs bring the princes and crown princes here? Why did Luo Tianxing come as well? Were they planning to give some of the soul cores to the younger generation this year?
However, Zhou Huang smiled faintly and said, "Zhou Qing, take out all the spare Spirit Shrines!"
Hearing this, the Divine Sea Realm cultivator named Zhou Qing was shocked. "Monarch, how many soul cores did you get this time? Do we need to use the spare Spirit Cages? "
The Spirit Cages were used to activate the soul cores. They were also made by the craftsmen of the Black Iron Divine Kingdom. Before leaving this year, they counted the soul cores. There were 29 soul cores, which meant 29 Spirit Cages were needed to store the soul cores.
Normally, on the Feather Emperor Island, one would be lucky to get one soul core after killing all the Ores Devouring Bugs. Getting two soul cores was unprecedented. It hadn't been seen for decades.
Could it be that the monarchs were so lucky this time that they got three or even four soul cores?
Spirit Niches weren't anything precious. Zhou Qing had prepared two hundred spirit niches, but no matter how many spirit niches there were, they would be useless if they didn't have soul cores.
Zhou Huang smiled faintly and said, "Take out all the spirit cages. We've obtained more than a hundred soul cores this time."
"What?!"
"More than a hundred soul cores! Doesn't that mean everyone can enter the Heavenly Stellar Secret Realm? "
"How is this possible? There should only be this much in the mining trees, right? It's impossible for the Ore Devouring Bugs to dig them all out! "
Not only did the Ore Devouring Bugs have to dig out the soul cores, they had to dig them out in the next few days. Otherwise, the ores would be digested by the Ore Devouring Bugs if they took too long.
That was why they didn't believe that the soul core had been retrieved from the Ore Devouring Bug's stomach.
However, a Spirit Sea Realm warrior asked, "My Lord, did you figure out a way to open the top leaf?"
After thinking about it, this was the only possibility. However, these Spirit Sea Realm warriors knew very well how difficult it was to dig out the top leaf. That was why they all looked serious and excited at the same time.
Zhou Huang smiled and said, "Everyone, we have to thank Tian Xing. These soul cores were all dug out by him, one by one."
His words shocked the Spirit Sea Realm warriors again. As for the twenty or so Spirit Sea Realm warriors who rushed over from the Feather Emperor Island, they were all smiling. They were also shocked at the beginning. None of them expected Luo Zheng to be able to retrieve the Black Star Pickaxe.
However, compared to the Black Star Pickaxe and the mining trees, they weren't as shocked as Luo Zheng's Heavenly Tribulation …
After that, Zhou Huang recounted what happened on the Feather Emperor Island to the Spirit Sea Realm warriors. When the Spirit Sea Realm warriors looked at Luo Zheng again, their expressions changed.
Repairing the Ascension Passage … To them, this was unprecedented good news. Compared to this good news, exploring the Heavenly Stellar Secret Realm seemed like a small matter.
However, the Spirit Sea Realm warrior called Zhou Qing still quickly took out the spare Spirit Cages.
Luo Zheng saw that the so-called Spirit Cages were small boxes. These small boxes were exquisitely made. They were big at the top and small at the bottom. The bottom was supported by four small legs. The most special thing about these boxes was their material. Luo Zheng tried to use his senses to check them out, but he was instantly repelled.
These Spirit Cages seemed to be able to block spiritual senses …
Seeing the Spirit Sea Realm warriors busy setting up these cages, Luo Zheng just stood to one side quietly. No matter what, these Spirit Sea Realm warriors wouldn't stop him from entering the Heavenly Stellar Secret Realm. He just had to wait.
After setting up the Spirit Cages, Zhou Huang started to distribute the soul cores.
Because there were enough soul cores this time, not only did all the Spirit Sea Realm warriors get a soul core, but Huo Yuner, Huo Chen, Zhou Zhihua, Zhou Ning, and the other princes and princes also got one.
Of course, because Liu Xiu's soul was injured, it wasn't suitable for him to enter the Divine Emperor Secret Realm this time.
After all the preparations were done, the Tianfeng War Emperor said, "Okay, this exploration of the Heavenly Stellar Secret Realm will probably have the largest number of people in recent years. The corpses that everyone occupies should be more powerful! However, this will depend on everyone's abilities! "
After the Tianfeng War Emperor made his announcement, some Spirit Sea Realm warriors sat down cross-legged in front of the Spirit Cages. Then, they took out the soul cores in their hands. After the soul cores were taken out, they spun and emitted a strange power.
Then, they threw the soul cores into the Spirit Cages. The moment the soul cores sank into the Spirit Cages, a strong suction force shot out from the Spirit Cages.
On the other side of the Spirit Cages, a faint black shadow appeared. It was visible to the naked eye!
"Spiritual Body?" Luo Zheng's eyes flashed.
Seeing that Luo Zheng was so surprised, Yan Wang said, "This Spirit Cages can help our souls leave our bodies and enter the graveyard to occupy the corpses."
If a warrior's soul was strong enough, he could take over the corpses. However, if he wanted to control the corpses, he had to rely on the soul cores to temporarily occupy the corpses!
At this time, many Spirit Sea Realm warriors were sitting beside the Spirit Cages. They threw their soul cores into the Spirit Cages. Their souls were sucked into the Spirit Cages. After they fused with the soul cores, they turned into black shadows and rushed forward.
Yan Wang, Huo Yuner, Huo Chen, and the others followed suit and threw their soul cores into the Spirit Cages. After a while, three black shadows appeared from the side of the Spirit Cages. From the shape of the black shadows, one could vaguely recognize the three of them. For example, Huo Yuner's soul was exquisite and delicate, while Huo Chen's soul was burly …
Seeing this, Luo Zheng also threw his soul core into the Spirit Cages. After a while, he felt a strong suction force coming from the Spirit Cages!
This suction force was targeted at Luo Zheng's soul. Luo Zheng didn't choose to resist it. Instead, he threw his soul into the Spirit Cages!
Soon, Luo Zheng felt that his soul had fused with the soul core. Then, he appeared on the other side of the Spirit Cages. His soul could leave his body and move freely.
After his soul left his body, Huo Yuner, Huo Chen, Yan Wang, and the others all looked over at him …
For example, the souls of King Yan, Zhou Ning, and Huo Yuner were all grey and showed signs of instability. On the other hand, the souls of the Divine Sea Realm warriors were pitch black. The souls of the Combat Soul Realm warriors looked very stable.
However, Luo Zheng's soul was shining with a green luster! In addition, there was also a faint trace of bright light in his soul. That was the will of the Great Wide World!
"Luo Zheng, your soul …" Huo Yuner used her consciousness to communicate with Luo Zheng.
Before this, Luo Zheng's soul was hidden in his mind. No one could see it unless they entered his mind. Now, it couldn't be hidden anymore.
Luo Zheng smiled faintly and said to them, "Let's go. Let's go!"
Many souls that had fused with their soul cores entered the depths of the Divine Emperor Secret Realm at this moment.
The Divine Emperor Secret Realm was a perfectly renovated cemetery. After these souls flew for a short distance, they stopped at the entrance of the cemetery. Next to the entrance of the cemetery, there was a lamp hanging.
"All of you, wait for a moment." A Spirit Sea Realm warrior released his consciousness and immediately enveloped Luo Zheng and the others.
＝＝＝＝＝

Chapter 868
Now that everyone was in the form of a soul, their relative strength must have been greatly weakened.
Luo Zheng was still fine. His soul was originally stronger than others in the same realm. Although he hadn't reached the Blue Soul Realm, after merging with the Will of the Realm, even the souls of Divine Sea Realm experts were far inferior to his.
The lamp hanging in front of the graveyard was a tomb-guarding lamp!
This Gravekeeper Lamp hanging here could pierce all souls. The Divine Sea Realm expert stopped Huo Yuner and the other juniors because he was afraid that their souls would be destroyed by this Gravekeeper Lamp.
Luo Zheng stood still and didn't move. He was trying to communicate with Qinglong in his mind. The Battle Emperors and Battle Emperors had been searching for the Ancestral Dragon Egg in the Tian Chen Mystery Realm for so many years, but they still hadn't taken it out. If Luo Zheng wanted to get it, he had to get Qinglong's help.
The Dragon Bloodline Clan and Qinglong were both part of the True Dragon Clan. He might need Qinglong's help.
However, after communicating, he soon got a response from Qinglong. It didn't seem to be a big problem. Luo Zheng was relieved.
"Wait a moment. You can go in after the Gravekeeper Lamp goes out!" the Divine Sea Realm expert said to Luo Zheng and the others.
Then, Luo Zheng saw a black shadow rushing into the cemetery at an incredible speed!
The moment the black shadow rushed in, the Gravekeeper Lamp suddenly emitted a dazzling light that shot toward the soul.
"This light is also a soul attack!" Luo Zheng's eyebrows twitched. There were many magical things in the Dragon Bloodline Clan.
However, that black shadow was also the soul of a Divine Sea Realm expert. When the light of the Gravekeeper Lamp shot toward him, part of his soul suddenly changed shape and turned into a shield in front of him.
"Soul Shield." Seeing this, Luo Zheng smiled faintly.
The soul of that Divine Sea Realm expert was only at the Battle Soul Realm. Even so, he had to do this to resist the Gravekeeper Lamp.
With the strength of Luo Zheng's soul, he should be able to walk over directly without suffering too much damage …
Not long after the Divine Sea Realm expert's soul rushed over, the Gravekeeper Lamp suddenly flickered and then gradually dimmed.
At this moment, the other Divine Sea Realm experts' souls entered in a line. As for the younger generation like Luo Zheng, they followed behind.
This huge cemetery almost occupied the entire Divine Imperial Island. Exquisite tombstones stood on both sides of the road. The ground was covered with a thick layer of dust.
It had been many years since anyone had set foot in this place. Even the people of the four Divine Kingdoms had only used their soul bodies to enter this place.
"There are over a million corpses of the Dragon Bloodline here? So many years have passed, those corpses should have long turned into skeletons, right? "Luo Zheng used his consciousness to communicate with Huo Yuner and the rest.
He didn't expect Huo Yuner to be even worse than Luo Zheng. She didn't know the situation at all. Instead, she was a bit worried. "Isn't it disrespectful to occupy other people's bodies?"
Among the younger generation of warriors, only Prince Yan could answer this question. He said to Luo Zheng, "As far as I know, the corpses we want to occupy are not here. They are in the depths of the cemetery. The corpses buried under these tombstones are ordinary people. Their corpses have not undergone any special treatment. Not to mention the corpses, even the skeletons have turned into dust after so many years and completely disappeared from this world."
Luo Zheng nodded. Ordinary bodies couldn't cross thousands or even tens of thousands of years without being treated with a secret method.
Those Divine Sea Realm experts' souls led the way in the front. Behind them, there were only a dozen or so juniors.
Although it was dark and gloomy all around, they didn't encounter any danger.
After walking for a distance, a flight of stairs appeared in front of everyone. On both sides of the stairs, there were platforms built in circles. These platforms were arranged like terraced fields.
On this platform, there were many houses. These houses were only about the height of a person, and there were many coffins placed in them!
Luo Zheng raised his head and counted. These terraced platforms had a total of 13 levels. The first level had the most platforms. There were about a thousand of them. On each platform, there were three houses. On the second level, there were two houses. The higher they went, the fewer platforms there were. The number of houses and coffins also decreased.
Many souls came to the bottom of the platforms, but they didn't step on them.
At this moment, a Divine Sea Realm expert said to Luo Zheng and the others, "The bodies on these platforms are arranged according to their strength and status. The higher the level of the body, the more powerful it was when it was alive. This time, when I brought you into the Godly Emperor Secret Realm, I didn't want you to occupy a powerful body! You just have to be careful of the Soul Purifying Light on the steps. This Soul Purifying Light can purify your soul in an instant! With the strength of your souls, you have no room to resist! You have to be careful! In a while, we will climb up. When the Soul Purifying Light flashes, you will enter the platform on the side. Understand? "
Luo Zheng, Huo Yuner, and the others didn't quite understand, but they still nodded.
These Divine Sea Realm experts naturally didn't expect these juniors to do anything. However, now that they had obtained so many soul cores at once, they suddenly felt like they had become nouveau riche. That was why they brought the princes and princes of the four Divine Kingdoms in here to train …
However, accidents could happen during the training. That was why they specially arranged people to warn Luo Zheng and the others about some things they should pay attention to in this Godly Emperor Secret Realm.
Just as the Divine Sea Realm expert finished speaking, a ray of light rushed down from the center of the steps!
That ray of light lit up layer by layer, spreading all the way down from the top of the steps. When it reached the end of the last step, the tens of thousands of steps suddenly flashed with intense light. It was as if the steps in front of them were made of light.
The Divine Sea Realm experts were still fine. It wasn't their first time entering the cemetery. For people like Huo Chen, Huo Yuner, Yan Wang, and the others, when they saw the light on the steps, their faces immediately revealed a fearful expression.
The light lasted for about ten breaths of time before it quickly dimmed. The moment the light dimmed, the Heaven Wind War Emperor, who was at the front, ordered, "Everyone, go!"
At this moment, all the souls silently shot up the steps!
Luo Zheng also shot up at this moment. Yan Wang, Huo Yuner, and the others followed closely behind him!
Everyone's souls were rapidly climbing up the steps. However, not a single sound was emitted. Souls themselves couldn't make any sound. Furthermore, souls could only communicate with each other through their consciousness. Even if there was a sound, no one could hear it!
After running up the steps for about ten breaths of time, a ray of light suddenly appeared at the top of the steps. Then, that ray of light started to spread downwards at an extremely fast speed!
"Retreat! Onto the platforms! " The Heaven Wind War Emperor's consciousness spread out. In an instant, everyone rushed towards the platforms on both sides!
The Heaven Wind War Emperor stood on a platform on the left. His eyes were locked onto Huo Yuner and Huo Chen. Among all his children, he cared about these two the most. Of course, he was worried that Huo Yuner wouldn't be able to reach the platform in time and would be purified by the Soul Purifying Light …
As the Soul Purifying Light spread downwards, everyone had already jumped onto the platforms on both sides. No one was harmed.
Now, they had only reached the second level. The platforms were connected to each other. Luo Zheng gave the coffin a glance.
"Are the corpses in the coffin perfectly fine?" With that thought in mind, Luo Zheng decided to use his consciousness to probe the coffin. But too bad, as soon as his consciousness spread out, it was blocked by the coffin.
Needless to say, this coffin seemed to be made of the same material as the coffin. It was able to completely isolate the consciousness from the outside world.
Seeing this, Yan Wang smiled and said, "The corpses on the second level are too weak. They are only at the Divine Core realm. There's no value in occupying them. We should at least choose the corpses on the upper level!"
Luo Zheng nodded his head with a smile. He knew that using corpses to enter the Heavenly Star Secret Realm was very important. Corpses that were too weak would have a hard time moving around in the Heavenly Star Secret Realm. Therefore, choosing the corpses this time was very important.
This time, Luo Zheng looked at the top level. He wondered how strong the corpses on the top level were. Were they the corpses of Divine Sea warriors?

Chapter 869
Luo Zheng had no idea how strong the corpse he would be able to find would be. But, when it came to choosing, the higher the better.
The Soul Purifying Light on the stairs lasted for about ten breaths of time, then it started fading away.
Right when the Soul Purifying Light was fading away, the Tianfeng War Emperor's order was transmitted to all the warriors in his consciousness.
"Let's go!"
All the warriors on both sides of the stairs immediately left the platforms and started rushing up the stairs.
Every time the Soul Purifying Light dimmed, there would be a gap of ten breaths of time. Taking advantage of this gap, the warriors were able to climb up another floor.
Flying at high speed, the warriors passed a few dozen stairs. When the light at the top lit up, the Tianfeng War Emperor gave out another order, "Retreat! Split up and go to the platforms!"
Without making any noise, all the souls flew up to the platforms on both sides of the third level. There were many houses lined up on both sides of the platforms. However, the warriors in the coffins underneath the houses were only at the Late Divine Core realm.
The Dragon Bloodline was stronger than all four Divine Kingdoms combined. There were countless Divine Core and Void Tribulation warriors in the four Divine Kingdoms, so the number of Divine Core warriors in the Dragon Bloodline was definitely not small. However, there were only about 600 to 700 houses on the third floor.
Those Divine Core warriors who were buried here were definitely the core members of the Dragon Bloodline. But, they had died at a young age, and that was why their bodies were buried here.
This time, Luo Zheng didn't bother looking at the coffins. Weak corpses were useless to Luo Zheng.
Everyone was waiting for the Tianfeng War Emperor's order with a serious expression. The Soul Purifying Light was a fatal threat to the soul. Furthermore, the movement of over a hundred people couldn't be coordinated. If they were to hesitate and fall behind, the Soul Purifying Light would flicker on the stairs. If that happened, they would be in big trouble. Their soul would be purified in an instant, and their physical bodies would become corporeal …
"Don't let your guard down, the Soul Purifying Light will spread from top to bottom. The higher we go, the less time we have!" The Tianfeng War Emperor stared at the Soul Cleansing Light that resembled an upright cone of light. As the thin and long cones of light dimmed and dissipated, the Tianfeng War Emperor released his consciousness again. "Go!"
Everyone's movements were uniform. There was almost no pause or delay as they stepped onto the stairs again.
"Fourth floor, disperse!"
The Tianfeng War Emperor gave the order and jumped onto the platform beside him!
However, when the Tianfeng War Emperor jumped onto the platform and looked back, he was shocked. Huo Yuner was actually at the back!
Just now, when everyone jumped onto the platform, Huo Yuner took a few steps towards the side of the platform. She seemed to be observing the Dragon Bloodline Clan's inscriptions on the coffin and was slightly distracted.
When the Tianfeng War Emperor's consciousness spread out, Huo Yuner's movements were slightly slower.
Huo Yuner was slow by a beat, and fell to the very back. At this time, the majority of people had already jumped onto the platform, and the Soul Purifying Light on the platform covered them layer by layer!
The Soul Purifying Light was much stronger than the Gravekeeper Lamp at the entrance of the graveyard. Even if a Divine Sea Realm expert touched it slightly, his soul would be purified!
Seeing this, how could the Tianfeng War Emperor not be anxious?
"Sister!" Huo Chen was also anxious. Although he had a dull personality, he was very serious in his work. Therefore, when the Tianfeng War Emperor gave the order, Huo Chen followed the group and stepped onto the fourth floor.
Now that he saw Huo Yuner falling behind, how could he not be anxious? He didn't think too much and wanted to rush out to save Huo Yuner!
However, as soon as Huo Chen took the first step, a Divine Sea Realm expert with sharp eyes and agile hands blocked his path.
The Soul Cleansing Light had already lit up and extended from the top of the stairs. In just one or two breaths of time, Huo Chen rushing out was no different from committing suicide.
All the warriors looked at Huo Yuner who was on the stairs with a trace of regret in their eyes.
This Huo Yuner was truly a proud son of heaven. As a descendant of the phoenix and having a real phoenix as a contract beast, even if she ascended to the Upper World, she would not lose to the top geniuses of the Upper World. Her future achievements would probably be greater than those old monsters of the Spirit Sea Realm.
Was she going to die here today?
The Tianfeng War Emperor was even more anxious! But what was the use of being anxious? His soul was the most powerful among all the Divine Sea Realm experts. Even he didn't dare to touch the Soul Cleansing Light. There wasn't enough time!
However, at this moment, a figure dashed out!
"Luo Tianxing?"
"You can't go!"
"Luo Zheng! Don't go! "It was Zhou Huang who stopped Luo Zheng.
Even if Luo Zheng's soul was much stronger than the other warriors here, so what? There wasn't enough time. No matter how powerful his soul was, it was like throwing an ice cube into magma when it encountered the Soul Cleansing Light. It would be purified in an instant!
What was more, the others could die except for Luo Zheng!
The reason was simple. Luo Zheng was the only hope for these Divine Sea Realm experts to repair the ascension tunnel!
Dozens of Divine Sea Realm experts' consciousnesses floated over. All of them said the same thing: Luo Zheng, don't go down.
Unfortunately, Luo Zheng didn't pay attention to these consciousnesses. His soul turned into a black shadow and shot down. At this moment, the Soul Cleansing Light had already spread down the stairs.
The dazzling Soul Cleansing Light formed slender light cones on the stairs and shot up into the sky. In one breath's time, the Soul Cleansing Light could cover all the stairs on the thirteenth floor. Now, it had already reached the fourth floor. In other words, in one third of a breath's time, the rest of the stairs would be covered.
Luo Zheng didn't have time to check the distance between him and the Soul Cleansing Light. The moment he dashed towards Huo Yuner, he held her in his arms and continued to dash forward.
He didn't want to save Huo Yuner and bring her back to the fourth floor. There was no time to do so in such a short time. Therefore, Luo Zheng held Huo Yuner in his arms and dashed towards the platform on the right side of the third floor!
Just as the Soul Cleansing Light spread under Luo Zheng's feet, Luo Zheng's and Huo Yuner's souls had already flown out. Because the impact was too great, Luo Zheng and Huo Yuner's souls flew out too fast. They couldn't defend themselves and flew over the platform on the third floor, falling heavily onto the platform on the second floor!
However, the moment they fell, Luo Zheng adjusted the angle and placed Huo Yuner on top of them. It was like his own soul acted as a "soul cushion".
Luo Zheng's soul was extremely strong. However, Huo Yuner was different. Before her soul entered the Battle Soul Realm, her soul was as weak as a newborn baby. Although Huo Yuner's soul had been tempered, it wasn't much stronger.
Huo Yuner, who was sitting on top of Luo Zheng, was still in a daze. Just now, she did hesitate for a moment. Actually, since she was late, she could have waited for the next wave of Soul Cleansing Light to disappear. However, because of her hesitation, her speed became even slower. She could only watch as the Soul Cleansing Light spread down layer by layer. She didn't have any space to dodge.
Seeing this scene, the dozens of Divine Sea Realm experts let out a long sigh of relief.
The Tianfeng War Emperor was worried about his daughter. After entering the Divine Sea Realm, the Tianfeng War Emperor didn't have many things to do. Therefore, he placed most of his attention on his daughter. He didn't want to lose his life while exploring the Heavenly Star Secret Territory. Seeing that Luo Zheng saved Huo Yuner's life, the Tianfeng War Emperor's face was filled with gratitude.
However, the other Divine Sea Realm experts were worried about Luo Zheng. They were waiting for the Saintess to inform the Upper Realm. If Luo Zheng died here, their hopes would be dashed. Compared to Huo Yuner's life, Luo Zheng's life was much more important. If they could have stopped Luo Zheng just now, they would never have allowed Luo Zheng to take such a risk!
The Soul Cleansing Light was still shining on the stairs. Huo Yuner climbed up from Luo Zheng's body and communicated with Luo Zheng using her consciousness, "Thank you."
Luo Zheng smiled. His consciousness flashed out, "No problem. Let's continue!"

Chapter 870
In fact, it wasn't difficult to climb the steps in the cemetery. As long as one seized the opportunity, it wouldn't be too dangerous.
In the four Divine Kingdoms, except for the first time when a Spirit Sea Realm cultivator died without knowing about it, no one else had died in the process.
After the Soul Purifying Light had been extinguished twice, Luo Zheng and Huo Yuner returned to the fourth floor.
The Tianfeng War Emperor also expressed his gratitude to Luo Zheng. Then, the group started to climb the steps in the cemetery again.
The fifth floor, the sixth floor, the seventh floor … Many Divine Sea Realm experts managed to climb up safely. However, the higher they climbed, the shorter the interval between the Soul Purifying Light!
For Divine Sea Realm experts, the pressure wasn't too great. However, for Huo Yuner, Zhou Ning, and the other False Tribulation Realm experts, the pressure was increasing.
"Ning 'er, Zhi Hua, it will be too difficult for you to climb any further. Even if you manage to climb up, I'm afraid you won't be able to occupy the bodies of those experts. This floor should be your limit. You can occupy the corpses on this floor." Zhou Huang's divine sense slowly floated over.
Although these powerhouses had been dead for countless years, it wasn't easy to take over their corpses. The Soul Core could reduce the repulsive force of the corpse to the greatest extent, but the stronger the corpse, the stronger the repulsive force!
Zhou Ning, King Yan, Huo Yuner and the rest of the younger generation nodded their heads gently. Although they had followed their fathers into the Divine Emperor Mystery Land, to them, the experience was more important. They did not necessarily want to gain anything from it.
"Let me help you open the coffins." The Tianfeng War Emperor walked over from the side of the platform. He entered the room and stood beside a coffin.
After the Tianfeng War Emperor stood properly, he suddenly closed his eyes and murmured a few words. Then, he communicated with his divine sense, "These corpses have been here for countless years. You must maintain a basic level of respect for them."
Then, the Tianfeng War Emperor stretched out his hands. His hands suddenly changed shape and flowed along the grooves on the sides of the coffin. The soul could change shape at will. When a part of the Tianfeng War Emperor's soul entered the coffin, his soul fluctuated slightly. The soul power of the War Soul Realm suddenly erupted. Then, everyone saw the coffin being opened.
Inside the coffin lay a Life and Death Realm woman!
He didn't know what method the Dragon Bloodline used to preserve the corpse. After so many years, there wasn't the slightest bit of decay. The woman still maintained her peerless appearance. She was wearing a light blue palace dress. Other than her slightly pale face, she looked like she was asleep!
The Tianfeng War Emperor asked, "Which one of you will …"
However, as soon as he asked this question, everyone looked at him in surprise …
Of the younger generation of martial artists, only the most outstanding princes and the Divine Kingdom's Crown Prince were able to follow. The only woman was Huo Yuner.
Seeing everyone's astonished gazes, the Tianfeng War Emperor smiled awkwardly and said, "Yun 'er, you can control this corpse."
Huo Yuner blinked and stared at the body in the coffin, then nodded. "Yes!"
Controlling a corpse was completely different from seizing one's body. However, injecting one's soul into a corpse was definitely not a very pleasant experience. However, this was also the only way to enter the Heavenly Star Secret Territory.
After that, Huo Yuner leaped onto the coffin. Her face revealed a hesitant expression as she looked at her father.
The Tianfeng War Emperor smiled and walked to the side of the coffin. He stretched out his hand and suddenly pressed it on the corpse's head! The corpse suddenly opened its mouth, and its eyes suddenly opened.
Huo Yuner was, after all, a girl. Even though she knew that there wasn't anything scary about this corpse, she was still shocked.
"Don't be afraid. Just fuse with her," the Tianfeng War Emperor encouraged.
Huo Yuner stared blankly at the corpse. A determined expression appeared on her face. Then, she entered the corpse.
Following that, rays of grey light emerged from the corpse's head. These rays of grey light were the energy of the Soul Core. Previously, it had completely fused with the soul. However, after Huo Yuner fused with the corpse, it began to disperse throughout the corpse's body.
Seizing a corpse was completely different from seizing another's body. Seizing another's body did not require the help of a Soul Core. This was because the target of seizing another's body had to be alive. Seizing another's body would only damage the target's soul.
However, these corpses had been dead for countless years. All of their blood had dried up. The corpses were already dead. If one wanted to activate these corpses, they could only rely on tyrannical methods. The Soul Core was exactly that.
After the grey light merged with the corpse, the palace-robed lady's fingers suddenly moved. After a short while, her slowly closed eyes suddenly opened!
Following that, everyone saw the corpse's movements were extremely stiff. It flipped out of the coffin like an unskilled puppet and walked a few steps in a strange manner.
It was obvious that Huo Yuner was not very familiar with controlling this corpse. However, her movements quickly became more and more skillful. After a few breaths of time, Huo Yuner's legs were pressed together and she assumed a very ladylike posture. It was just like Huo Yuner's usual posture, tactful and elegant.
Luo Zheng revealed a faint smile. Even though she was controlling a corpse, she still maintained her original habits.
"I … I can control it …" Huo Yuner said. However, because she was controlling the corpse of the palace-robed lady, her voice was completely different.
"Very good." The Tianfeng War Emperor nodded. "We will help you open the other coffins. You can occupy these corpses."
Hence, a few Divine Sea Realm Almighties came over and opened the other coffins, revealing the corpses inside. Other than the first corpse of the palace-robed lady, the other corpses were all male.
These male corpses were all wearing golden armor. There were even high-grade Saint Artifacts placed beside them. These were probably the funerary objects.
King Yan, Crown Prince Zhou Ning, Huo Chen, and the other princes of the Divine Kingdoms also occupied a corpse.
This process did not take up too much time. It only took about the time it took for an incense stick to burn. After they occupied the corpse, Zhou Huang looked at Luo Zheng.
Although Luo Zheng had reached the Life and Death Realm and his strength was hard to estimate, he was still one of the younger generation in the eyes of the Divine Sea Realm Almighties. The meaning of his gaze was simple. Should Luo Zheng also choose a corpse?
The Heavenly Star Secret Realm was not a place easy to enter. Challenging a powerful corpse was also a very important factor. Of course, Luo Zheng would not randomly choose a corpse.
Before they could say anything, Luo Zheng's consciousness had already floated out. "I will go up with you!"
The Tianfeng War Emperor chuckled. "Tianxing's soul is already close to the Blue Soul Realm. He is much stronger than us old guys. Of course, he is qualified to go up!"
Therefore, Luo Zheng followed the group of Divine Sea Realm Almighties and continued to climb up while avoiding the Soul-purifying Light.
As for Huo Yuner, King Yan, and the others, they had already occupied the corpses and their souls were deep in the minds of the corpses. The Soul-purifying Light targeted the soul. For them who already had a physical body, it could not cause any damage. Therefore, they did not avoid the Soul-purifying Light at all. They walked up the stairs unhurriedly.
The eighth floor, the ninth floor, the tenth floor …
The number of coffins on the platform of the third floor was decreasing. The cultivation of the corpses in the coffins was also getting stronger.
Starting from the tenth floor, the corpses in the coffins were already at the Divine Sea Realm!
"I'll take this floor." A Divine Sea Realm warrior chose to stay and take one of the corpses on the tenth floor. It seemed that this Divine Sea Realm warrior had just reached the Combat Soul Realm. If it weren't for the fact that Luo Zheng had dug out so many Soul Cores, he wouldn't have been able to enter this cemetery this year.
If he was not confident in the strength of his soul, it would be useless even if he went up. He might as well occupy the corpse on this floor.
Therefore, starting from the tenth floor, more and more Divine Sea Realm Almighties chose their corpses.
The eleventh floor …
The twelfth floor …
On these two floors, there were already 60 to 70 Divine Sea Realm Almighties who had escaped.
By the time they reached the 13th step, the vast majority of martial artists had already taken control of a corpse. Thus, they had all used their 'mortal' bodies to climb up the stairs. Only Luo Zheng, Zhou Huang, the Tianfeng War Emperor, Battle Emperor Da Yu, and the Sky Fortune Kingdom King had not chosen to use their own corpses.
The five of them all set their sights on the thirteenth floor!
＝＝＝＝＝

Chapter 871
The thirteenth floor was the top of the stairs. After Luo Zheng and the other four monarchs reached the top, they no longer needed to avoid the Soul Purifying Light.
At the top of the thirteenth floor was an open circular platform. Standing here, one could overlook the entire Divine Emperor Secret Realm. However, the Divine Emperor Secret Realm was only a huge cemetery. There wasn't much scenery to look at.
Around the platform, coffins were placed one after another!
From the first floor to the thirteenth floor, those who were able to place their corpses here were definitely the core members of the Dragon Bloodline Clan. The design of the coffins on each floor was very exquisite.
The coffins on the top floor were even more exquisite.
The coffins were engraved with profound divine runes. What was even more frightening was that most of the divine runes were flickering with a luster!
In other words, these divine runes were still in an activated state!
In order to activate the divine runes, one must continuously supply true essence. Luo Zheng's face revealed a look of curiosity. Could it be that below the cemetery, there was a huge true essence stone that continuously supplied true essence and kept the divine runes in an activated state?
"This, how is this done? How many true essence stones are needed to keep the divine runes in an activated state? " Luo Zheng pointed at the shining divine runes and asked. Even if there was a huge true essence stone, it couldn't keep the divine runes in operation for thousands of years. The Dragon Bloodline Clan's blood sacrifice had been destroyed for at least ten thousand years …
Seeing Luo Zheng's puzzled look, Zhou Huang smiled faintly and said, "These divine runes aren't supplied with true essence stones! Look at your feet and you'll know. "
Luo Zheng looked down and saw a huge divine rune outlined on the ground below. Seeing this, Luo Zheng's eyes flashed. His face revealed an expression of sudden realization.
He recognized this divine rune.
Among the divine rune techniques that Qinglong passed on to him, this was a very important divine rune. It was a seven-star divine rune called "Spirit Gathering".
Through this seven-star divine rune, it could continuously gather the heaven and earth origin energy in the sky and transform it into true essence. The divine runes on the coffins were operating through this "Spirit Gathering" divine rune.
"However, these coffins are engraved with divine runes. I'm afraid it will be difficult to occupy the corpses in the coffins, right?" Luo Zheng asked.
"Yes, the owners of the coffins on the 13th floor were all at the peak of the Spirit Sea Realm. I'm afraid they were even more powerful than us when they were alive," Zhou Huang replied.
In all these years, the four Divine Kingdoms had only managed to successfully occupy the thirteenth layer of the corpse once!
Thirty-six years ago, the Tianfeng War Emperor had succeeded once. With the help of the powerful corpses in the thirteenth level, the exploration of the Heavenly Star Secret Territory had progressed further.
But after so many years, he had only succeeded once! Since then, the four monarchs had repeatedly climbed to the top floor and tried to occupy the corpses there, but they all failed. In the end, they could only settle for the next best thing, which was the corpses on the twelfth floor. One could imagine how difficult it was to occupy the corpses on the top floor.
"Why is it so difficult?" Luo Zheng asked curiously.
Even if these Divine Sea Realm Supreme Elders were stronger than Zhou Huang when they were alive, they shouldn't be much stronger. After all, Zhou Huang, the Tianfeng War Emperor, and the others were all at the peak of the Divine Sea Realm. It was only because they were limited by the resources of the lower realms that they were unable to break through to the Divine Sea Realm.
Zhou Huang's face revealed a bitter smile. "It's very simple. We can't remember their names …"
"What kind of reason is that?" This explanation caused Luo Zheng to be even more surprised.
Zhou Huang's consciousness faintly floated over. He said, "You will understand in a moment. The corpses on the thirteenth floor are the most important figures of the Dragon Bloodline Clan. How could they tolerate others desecrating their corpses? If you want to take away their corpses, it will be extremely difficult! "
At this time, Battle Emperor Yu the Great, the Sky Fortune Kingdom King, and the Tianfeng War Emperor were all walking along the platform. The other Divine Sea Realm Supreme Elders followed closely behind them.
Soon, the Sky Fortune Kingdom King stopped beside a snow white coffin. Beside this coffin, there were several unknown small trees. These small trees had been growing for tens of thousands of years, but they weren't even as tall as a person.
"Name." The Sky Fortune Kingdom King's consciousness spread out.
A Divine Sea Realm Supreme Elder replied, "The owner of this corpse is called Snow Sealing Dragon Star! He was once the leader of the Dragon Bloodline Clan's Holy Land. He has already been dead for 40,000 years … "
This was the Dragon Bloodline Clan's graveyard. The person lying here must have been dead for a time longer than the Dragon Bloodline Clan had been destroyed!
"Snow Sealing Dragon Star? Snow Sealing Dragon Star … "The Sky Fortune Kingdom King's consciousness constantly repeated this name.
Seeing this, Luo Zheng was even more curious. Was this name really that important? Why did he have to repeatedly mention this name in order to occupy this corpse? Luo Zheng couldn't understand it at all.
After the Sky Fortune Kingdom King repeated this name over and over again, he faintly said, "Open the coffin. I'm ready!"
The Sky Fortune Kingdom King was still in soul form. It would be difficult for him to open this coffin with his battle soul. However, there were already many Divine Sea Realm Supreme Elders that had obtained this' corpse '. Although it wasn't as useful as his own body, it should still be able to display around 70% of his strength.
Several Divine Sea Realm warriors went up and stood around the coffin where the corpse of the Sealing Snow Dragon Star was. They worked together to open the coffin.
For such a character to lie here, there must be perfect protective measures. As the several Divine Sea Realm Supreme Elders tried to open the coffin, the coffin suddenly began to violently shake. The divine runes on it began to wildly flash.
Weng weng weng …
After a series of violent vibrations, everyone heard the fierce roar of a dragon!
Roar!
From the divine runes, seven or eight small dragons formed from true essence shot out, rushing towards the several Divine Sea Realm Supreme Elders.
"Six-star divine rune, Azure Dragon Seal." Looking at these small dragons, Luo Zheng's eyes flashed.
The power of a five-star divine rune was enough to resist a Life and Death powerhouse, and a six-star divine rune was enough to resist a Divine Sea Realm Supreme Elder!
However, there were many Divine Sea Realm Supreme Elders on this platform. Wanting to rely on a six-star divine rune to resist so many Divine Sea Realm Supreme Elders was impossible.
The several Divine Sea Realm Supreme Elders seemed to be extremely skilled. After moving the Azure Dragon Seal, they immediately gave up on opening the coffin. Instead, they shot towards the sides, causing the seven or eight small dragons to madly chase after them.
At this moment, several other Divine Sea Realm Supreme Elders quickly approached the coffin and began to attack the six-star divine rune on the coffin!
Under the joint attack of these Divine Sea Realm Supreme Elders, the six-star divine rune quickly disintegrated. Then, the seven or eight small dragons also slowly dissipated.
From beginning to end, the Sky Fortune Kingdom King stood in the same place. He was still silently chanting the four words' Snow Sealing Dragon Star '. He didn't pay attention to the process of the others fighting against the small dragons!
'It seems that this name is really important,' Luo Zheng silently thought.
After breaking the defensive rune on the surface of the coffin, the several Divine Sea Realm Supreme Elders once again controlled their corpses and slowly opened the coffin.
Inside this coffin, there was a middle-aged man with a head full of silver hair lying inside. This silver-haired middle-aged man was the 'Snow Sealing Dragon Star'. Even with his eyes closed, one could still feel the mighty aura that came from the corpse of the Snow Sealing Dragon Star. This sort of mighty aura was the standard temperament of a ruler!
This temperament was present on the bodies of the four Heavenly Monarchs, but it was not as fierce as this man's.
It could be imagined that when this Snow Sealing Dragon Star was alive, he must have been a peak Divine Sea Realm Supreme Elder. Perhaps he could be considered the most powerful martial artist in this boundless universe!
The Sky Fortune Kingdom King looked at the silver-haired middle-aged man in the coffin, and his face revealed a trace of caution. He turned his head and nodded to the other three Heavenly Monarchs, and then suddenly jumped into the coffin!
The moment he rushed towards the 'Snow Sealing Dragon Star', the Sky Fortune Kingdom King suddenly stretched out his hand and pressed it between the 'Snow Sealing Dragon Star's' eyebrows! With this press, the corpse opened its mouth as if it were a conditioned reflex. Then, the Sky Fortune Kingdom King's soul drilled into the corpse.

Chapter 872
The Sky Fortune Kingdom King was obviously much more powerful than Huo Yuner. When Huo Yuner had controlled the corpse, her movements were as stiff as a wooden doll; she couldn't even walk properly.
But after the Sky Fortune Kingdom King entered, he seemed very natural, as if this was his own body. After he crawled out, he gently leapt up and stood firmly on the ground.
But this was also related to experience. The Sky Fortune Kingdom King had entered the Divine Emperor Mystic Realm countless times to control corpses, so he was naturally much more skilled than Huo Yuner.
As the Sky Fortune Kingdom King crawled out, he pressed his hand to his forehead, a pained expression on his face.
At this time, the one in pain was definitely not the Sealing Snow Dragon Star. This Sealing Snow Dragon Star had died countless years ago. The one in pain was the Sky Fortune Kingdom King who had already escaped into his mind!
At the same time, in the center of the platform, a stone pillar slowly rose up!
"Ga ga ga ga …"
This stone pillar was 20 feet wide. This stone pillar had been hidden in the center of the platform and was as high as the ground. Now that this stone pillar had suddenly appeared, Luo Zheng was startled.
It was just that the other Divine Sea realm elders were already used to this. They probably already knew that there was a stone pillar here!
As the stone pillar slowly rose up, Luo Zheng's eyebrows constantly jumped!
In the center of this stone pillar, there were four table-sized rivets! And at the end of these rivets, there were four pitch black chains hanging down. These four chains extended down the middle, firmly locking onto a coffin!
This coffin was completely different from the other coffins. It emitted a deep blue luster; it was a transparent crystal coffin!
Because this crystal coffin was inlaid into the stone pillar and was firmly locked by the chains, the person in the coffin could not lie down. At this time, they had to maintain a standing posture in the crystal coffin!
The corpse in the crystal coffin was a white-clothed young girl. Her body was only covered with a thin layer of clothing, and her bare legs were firmly locked by the black chains that extended from the crystal coffin …
"What a beautiful woman. Just who is this woman?" The Sky Wind Divine Kingdom's Crown Prince muttered as he looked at the youth in the crystal coffin.
Indeed, even the Divine Kingdom Crown Prince, who was used to seeing beautiful women, couldn't help but sigh when he saw this young girl's appearance!
Luo Zheng stared at it for a while, but he couldn't figure out what was going on.
Who knew that under everyone's gazes, the girl's eyes would suddenly open, and a pair of golden pupils would look down on everyone!
"Ah …"
Huo Yuner was originally scrutinizing the girl. Women were very sensitive to appearances, even if it was just a corpse …
For example, although the corpse that Huo Yuner had occupied was very beautiful, there was still some disparity when compared to Huo Yuner. However, the corpse of the young woman in the crystal coffin was even more beautiful than Huo Yuner.
But under Huo Yuner's scrutiny, the girl suddenly opened her eyes, giving her a fright.
This scene not only scared Huo Yuner, but even Luo Zheng, Huo Chen, and the other martial artists that didn't know what was going on were also frightened. As for the other Divine Sea realm Supreme Elders, they probably saw this scene every time they entered, so they didn't reveal any surprise. Instead, they revealed looks of worry as they looked towards the 'Sealing Snow Dragon Star', the corpse that the Sky Fortune Kingdom's King had occupied.
They saw the Sky Fortune Kingdom's King clutching his head as he stumbled across the platform.
He was already in pain before, but when the young girl opened her eyes, he clutched his head!
As he stumbled, the Sky Fortune Kingdom's King slowly approached. Then, with a 'plop' sound, he fell to his knees, and his head involuntarily slammed against the ground, emitting a loud 'dong' sound!
This corpse was very strong. Not only was the corpse not injured when its head hit the ground, it even broke a piece of the ground.
At the same time, a massive pressure spread out from the young girl's body. However, this pressure wasn't aimed at anyone else, but at the Sky Fortune Kingdom's King.
"Brave warrior of my Dragon Bloodline Clan, since you have awakened, do not forget your mission. Do not become a walking corpse … answer my question, and tell me your name!" The young girl lightly said.
"Name?" Hearing this name, Luo Zheng's eyebrows shot up. He remembered Zhou Huang's words. They couldn't remember names?
Wasn't this Divine Sea realm Supreme Elder called 'Sealing Snow Dragon Star'? It shouldn't be too difficult to say this name …
Who knew that as the Sky Fortune Kingdom's King's head slammed against the ground, his throat would constantly whimper, "My name is, my name is …"
"Sealing Snow Dragon Star! King, it is Sealing Snow Dragon Star! "
"Sealing Snow Dragon Star …"
Several Divine Sea realm Supreme Elders reminded him.
But no matter how loudly they shouted, the Sky Fortune Kingdom's King didn't seem to hear them. His mouth continued to vaguely whimper, "My name is Feng, Feng Xue … my name is …"
It seemed that wanting to say the words' Sealing Snow Dragon Star 'was extremely difficult!
"Tell me your name …" The young girl faintly repeated.
"Ahhhhhh …" The Sky Fortune Kingdom's King became more and more pained, "My name is, my name is …"
The young girl faintly said again, "Tell me your name, otherwise I will treat you as a lost soul and refuse your awakening."
"My name is Lu Chengyan!" In the end, not only did the Sky Fortune Kingdom's King not say the words' Sealing Snow Dragon Star ', but he instead revealed his own name.
After the Sky Fortune Kingdom's King spoke, the Divine Sea realm Supreme Elders all revealed looks of disappointment.
Zhou Huang regretfully said, "Aiya, I still failed."
After the name was announced, the young girl in the crystal coffin lightly said, "You have already bewitched yourself to death."
After she finished speaking, the corpse of the 'Sealing Snow Dragon Star' began to violently shake. Then, the Sky Fortune Kingdom's King's soul was directly ejected from the corpse of the 'Sealing Snow Dragon Star'!
After the Sky Fortune Kingdom's King's soul was ejected, the corpse of the Sealing Snow Dragon God actually began to slowly move towards its own coffin, and then slowly lay back down!
At this time, the young girl slowly closed her eyes. From this young girl's body, one couldn't feel any breath, nor could they feel any life force. But just now, she had opened her eyes as if she were alive. This scene was truly strange.
The Sky Fortune Kingdom's King's soul gently floated in the air, a trace of regret appearing on his face. "Aiya, it's still difficult for me to resist this girl's will. As long as I am enveloped by her will, I am unable to call out that name … Old Fire, how did you answer that name?"
The Sky Wind War Emperor bitterly smiled and said, "Haven't I said it many times already? I really don't have any recollection of it. I don't even know how I answered it. Maybe I just guessed it right."
At this time, Luo Zheng completely understood.
The truth was that the Dragon Bloodline Clan didn't expect that the four Divine Kingdoms would use the soul cores to control their corpses. It was just that the Dragon Bloodline Clan had preserved the corpses of their top powerhouses in order to deal with other matters. However, if the corpses were preserved like this, there was a high chance that they would become a 'zombie' existence!
In order to avoid this situation, the Dragon Bloodline Clan had set up such a method in this cemetery. If a corpse really did become a 'zombie', then the young girl would test its mind. If the test failed, then the soul controlling the corpse would be ejected.
What the Dragon Bloodline Clan didn't expect was that they would eject many souls, but the souls that were ejected were human souls …
"Don't be discouraged. Old Lu, why don't you try again?" The Sky Wind War Emperor comforted.
The Sky Fortune Kingdom's King shook his head. "Forget it. I'll go to the twelfth floor and choose a corpse. Old Fire, Zhou Huang, Liu Zan, you guys try yourselves!"
As he finished speaking, the Soul Purifying Light on the stairs disappeared, and the Sky Fortune Kingdom's King shot towards the twelfth floor.
The Sky Wind War Emperor and Zhou Huang looked at each other. Zhou Huang then said, "Alright, let me try this time!"
As he finished speaking, Zhou Huang also circled around the platform. He didn't choose the corpse of the Sealing Snow Dragon Star. Instead, he stopped on top of a black coffin.
When Zhou Huang's soul stopped, a Divine Sea Realm powerhouse beside him said, "This is the leader of the Dragon Bloodline Clan 70,000 years ago. His name is' Feng Xiao '. Two words, a name that's easy to remember …"

Chapter 873
The four Divine Kingdoms knew the people in the coffins like the back of their hands. In order to obtain their corpses, they had done a thorough investigation many years ago.
The problem was that the names of the corpses were not easy to remember. After fusing with the corpses, the corpses would instinctively reject the corpses.
Under the interrogation of the young girl in the stone pillar, the memories in the soul would fall into a state of chaos. It would be very difficult to recite the corpse's name.
The Tianfeng War Emperor had managed to guess correctly once, but he didn't know how he had done it. Thus, in all these years, he had only succeeded once.
The Divine Sea powerhouses opened the coffin. Inside the coffin lay a thin old man. This old man was the "Feng Xiao" that the Divine Sea powerhouse had spoken of.
The Tianfeng War Emperor didn't hesitate. His soul gently floated and suddenly entered the old man's mouth!
After a while, the Tianfeng War Emperor fused with Feng Xiao's corpse and slowly crawled out of the coffin.
This time, the rejection between the Tianfeng War Emperor and the corpse seemed to be even more intense. The Tianfeng War Emperor controlled the corpse like a drunkard. He staggered and involuntarily walked towards the stone pillar.
The next step was the most crucial. Only by answering the name of the corpse would he be able to escape the control of the young girl in the pillar. However, the Sky Fortune King had already failed once, so in their opinion, the Tianfeng War Emperor's chances of success were not high …
Sure enough, under the young girl's interrogation, the Tianfeng War Emperor revealed a pained expression. He held his head and shook it, unable to say the two words "Feng Xiao".
The final result was the same as the Sky Fortune King's. The Tianfeng War Emperor's soul was forcefully ejected by the young girl in the pillar …
The Tianfeng War Emperor's face was full of depression. However, he didn't choose a corpse from the 12th floor like the Sky Fortune King. Instead, he continued to ponder. He wanted to try again.
As for Battle Emperor Yu the Great and Zhou Huang, they didn't choose to try either. They also walked around the coffins.
Even the Feather Emperor, God Emperor, and Dream God Emperor had found it difficult to enter the Heavenly Star Secret Realm. In the end, those difficulties had been solved one by one. If everyone could easily occupy the corpses of the super experts on the top floor, they would be able to explore the Heavenly Star Secret Realm.
But even now, the four Divine Nations still hadn't come up with a way to break it.
The three monarchs were still hesitating. Luo Zheng was also frowning …
Just as Zhou Huang had said, this problem was actually a problem of naming. If one could accurately and clearly say the corpse's name in front of the girl in the pillar, one could successfully inherit the corpse.
But was it really that difficult to spit out a few words?
Just now, the Tianfeng War Monarch and the Sky Fortune Kingdom Monarch had repeatedly memorized this name; it was simply impossible for them to forget it. Not only that, but there were also people beside them constantly reminding them, but they simply couldn't remember the correct name …
"Name …"
Thinking of this, Luo Zheng's eyes flashed and he walked towards a coffin.
"Tianxing, do you also want to give it a try?" Zhou Huang asked.
Many Divine Sea realm masters also focused their eyes on Luo Zheng. Although Luo Zheng's cultivation wasn't high, everything that had happened to him couldn't be measured with common sense. Perhaps he could come up with a solution?
Thinking of this, some Divine Sea realm masters became excited. One of them said to Luo Zheng, "The owner of this coffin is called Feng Zhan! He is the most powerful warrior of the Dragon Bloodline. According to the records, this person was born with divine strength and a domineering aura! "
"Feng Zhan." Luo Zheng repeated this name twice.
"Shall we help you open the coffin?" A Divine Sea realm master asked.
"Wait a moment!" Luo Zheng lightly said. He didn't choose to open the coffin and directly occupy Feng Zhan's corpse. Instead, he returned to the side of the stone pillar.
"What is Luo Tianxing trying to do?"
"I'm not sure, I don't understand …"
"He seems to want to carve something on the stone pillar. Could it be that he wants to carve his name on it? It won't work! "
In order to occupy the corpse on this floor, many Divine Sea realm masters had tried their best. They had tried to carve his name, but even if someone whispered in their ears, they still couldn't get the name out. What was the use of carving a name?
Standing next to the stone pillar, Luo Zheng reached out a finger. That finger gradually became sharp. Luo Zheng gently waved it and began to carve on the stone pillar.
He was indeed carving a word, but it wasn't the word "Feng Zhan". Instead, he was breaking down the name "Feng Zhan"!
The name of the Dragon Bloodline was still in the language of the human race. The language of the human race could be broken down into dots, horizontal, vertical, curly, curved, and hooks. Among these eight strokes, the most representative one was the word "Yong", which contained all the ways to write all the words.
Luo Zheng broke down the name stroke by stroke and carved it on the stone pillar. After finishing this preparation, Luo Zheng returned to the side of the coffin and said with a smile, "Okay, I'm ready now!"
Seeing this, the Divine Sea realm masters felt it was strange, but they didn't ask much. They just wanted to see if Luo Zheng's method was successful. If it was, they could all try to imitate him.
Therefore, these Divine Sea realm masters broke the runes on the coffin and opened it.
This coffin was longer than the others. In this coffin, there was a mighty man sleeping. Beside this man, there were two golden axes.
Luo Zheng didn't hesitate. He took out his Sumeru Ring and placed it next to the coffin. This Sumeru Ring was very important to Luo Zheng, so Luo Zheng didn't leave it on his body. After entering the soul form, he took off the Sumeru Ring.
After making the necessary preparations, Luo Zheng rushed toward the burly man. The moment he rushed toward the burly man, Luo Zheng followed suit. He opened the burly man's mouth and poured his soul into it!
Soon, Luo Zheng's soul entered the man's mind. The moment his soul entered the corpse, Luo Zheng felt a strong repulsive force!
Normally, if a warrior wanted to possess a body, he would have to destroy the opponent's soul in order to take over the opponent's body.
However, this warrior named "Feng Zhan" had been dead for many years. His soul had disappeared completely. Perhaps he had entered the cycle of reincarnation. Therefore, this wasn't called possession. It was just taking over his body.
However, when a warrior cultivated to this level, even if he had been dead for many years, there would still be an indelible power left in his body!
Therefore, when some warriors died in the wilderness, mosquitoes and wolves wouldn't dare to come near them.
That invisible repulsive force wanted to push Luo Zheng's soul out. If it were an ordinary Battle Soul, perhaps he wouldn't be able to withstand it. He would be forcefully pushed out of the corpse's mind.
For example, the Divine Sea realm masters of the four Divine Kingdoms knew that their souls couldn't enter the mind. Therefore, they chose the bodies on the eleventh and twelfth floors. This was the reason.
Luo Zheng's soul was already stronger than the souls of ordinary Divine Sea realm masters. Even the four kings couldn't compare with him. Not to mention that he had merged with the will of the world! His soul faced the repulsive force and forcibly occupied the mind!
However, although his soul had entered the mind, he couldn't control the body. He still had to wait for the power of the Soul Core to spread out and merge with the body.
Streaks of grey light surged within the body of this muscular man. After a few breaths, Luo Zheng gradually gained some awareness. He felt that he had two hands and two legs. Gradually, he felt that he could control the body …
"Rise!"
Luo Zheng wanted to turn over and stand up. However, he still underestimated this matter. When he stood up, he couldn't stand steadily and fell back into the coffin.
Although Luo Zheng's actions were very funny, no one laughed. With Luo Zheng's age and cultivation, he should be proud of himself just by being able to get into the body!
Luo Zheng had just fallen back into the coffin when he suddenly jumped up. His tall and sturdy body stood firmly on the ground like an iron tower. At the same time, he opened his bell-like eyes.
＝＝＝＝＝

Chapter 874
Everyone was used to Luo Zheng's weakened appearance. Seeing Luo Zheng occupy such a tall and sturdy corpse, they were not used to it.
Yan Wang, Huo Yun 'er, Huo Chen, and the others looked at Luo Zheng and even grinned.
Luo Zheng's face revealed a faint smile. He casually walked a few steps. In a short time, he was already able to control the corpse freely.
However, at this moment, he suddenly felt a wave of pressure on his body!
In his empty mind, blood-red ripples suddenly spread out, and the surroundings of his mind became blood-red. This pressure did not come from the outside world, but from the instincts of the corpse!
Through the soul core, Luo Zheng had already gained control of the corpse. However, at this moment, he discovered that he could not control the corpse. In an uncontrollable state, the corpse staggered towards the stone pillar.
"It's coming!" Luo Zheng suddenly became cautious.
Previously, the Tianfeng War Emperor and the Sky Fortune King had already demonstrated to Luo Zheng that they were unable to resist the command of the girl in the pillar. They involuntarily walked towards the stone pillar.
This was not the key point, but the fact that he could not answer the corpse's name.
"Sealing Slash …" Luo Zheng softly muttered in his heart.
Soon, he felt the corpse stagger all the way and suddenly kneel in front of the stone pillar. At the same time, Luo Zheng felt the blood-red ripples in his mind become more and more intense. It was these blood-red ripples that completely isolated Luo Zheng's soul!
At this moment, Luo Zheng felt that everything was so far away from him!
Someone seemed to be talking to Luo Zheng, but Luo Zheng could not hear a single word clearly. The voice seemed to be transmitted from the horizon, soft and ear-piercing.
At the same time, Luo Zheng's thoughts became chaotic!
"Answer me … your name." Soon, the voice of the girl in the pillar rang out.
"My name, my name …" In the incomparable chaos, Luo Zheng could not remember the corpse's name at all …
"It's very strange. I can't remember the name of this corpse at all. I remember it clearly just now!" Luo Zheng was also depressed. No matter how hard he tried to recall, he still couldn't remember anything about this corpse.
"Tell me your name, or I will …" The girl's voice was very clear, and Luo Zheng heard it clearly.
If he still couldn't think of that name, he would be kicked out of his mind. Luo Zheng had already seen this happen twice, but the more anxious he was, the more he couldn't think of it. It was as if that name had been completely erased from his memory.
Name …
Just as Luo Zheng was hesitating, his gaze passed through the red ripples and finally landed on the stone pillar!
The name was Eight Strokes Calligraphy of Yong!
Luo Zheng dismantled the names of the corpses one by one and placed them on the stone pillar. As long as he restored them bit by bit, he would be able to get the names.
Horizontal, horizontal, vertical... horizontal...
Luo Zheng's mind was in chaos, but the girl in the pillar only affected a part of Luo Zheng's mind, not all of it.
According to the symbols that Luo Zheng had left on the stone pillar in advance, it wasn't particularly difficult to spell out such a name!
"The first word, Seal!"
"Restrain, Horizontal... Vertical... Hook..."
"The second word, Chop!"
The name was indeed spelled out, but at this moment, Luo Zheng had a very strange feeling about these two words!
The two words "Sealed Slash" were also common words, but he suddenly realized that he couldn't recognize these two words at all! These two words should be very familiar, but in Luo Zheng's eyes, they became very strange.
This very strange feeling troubled Luo Zheng.
Obviously, through the Eight Strokes Calligraphy of Yong, he got the two words "Chop", but he couldn't recognize them. Luo Zheng suddenly felt very helpless.
At this moment, the red ripples suddenly spread crazily in his mind, and soon, his soul was involuntarily forced out...
Then, the corpse of "Feng Zhan" staggered back to the coffin and slowly lay down.
Seeing this scene, everyone revealed a helpless expression. It was obvious that Luo Zheng didn't have the will to resist the girl.
"How do you feel?" Zhou Huang smiled faintly. In fact, he had already expected this result.
Luo Zheng laughed and said, "I have already spelled out these two words, and I know that the owner of this corpse was once called Chop."
"Oh?" Hearing Luo Zheng's words, Zhou Huang, Battle Emperor Da Yu, and the others' eyes lit up. It seemed that this method was really effective?
However, Luo Zheng shrugged his shoulders and said, "It's useless even if you spelled it out. The girl in the pillar's will shouldn't be able to resist. I guess that there is only one way to successfully pronounce one's name."
"What way?" Tianfeng Battle Emperor asked.
"Instinct. Only by relying on instinct can one pronounce the corpse's name. Occupiers like us can't pronounce the name!" Luo Zheng said.
From birth to death, only one's name remained unchanged. Unless one became an idiot, no one would forget their own name. Pronouncing one's own name had almost become an instinct. Therefore, in front of the girl in the pillar, not only was someone unable to pronounce the corpse's name, but he was also able to pronounce his own name.
Only by relying on one's own instinct could one break free from the chaotic thoughts. The problem was, how difficult was it to do this without any obstacles?
Perhaps, it was simply impossible for a normal person to do this...
Unless one's personality was split, and a part of it would fantasize day and night that they were another person's identity. If this continued, a person would be no different from a crazy person.
Hearing Luo Zheng's analysis, Zhou Huang and the others felt that it was very reasonable. As for Tianfeng Battle Emperor's success last time, it could only be attributed to luck.
"Sigh, it seems like we still won't succeed this time." Zhou Huang's face revealed a gloomy expression.
The difficulty of the Heavenly Star Secret Realm was far greater than the other three secret realms. Without the strongest corpse, it was impossible to retrieve the Ancestral Dragon's egg. This time, they still couldn't occupy the corpse on the thirteenth floor. It was simply impossible for them to obtain anything in the Heavenly Star Secret Realm.
However, at this moment, Luo Zheng smiled and said, "Since I can't occupy the corpse in the coffin, I can change my target."
"Change your target? You mean the corpse on the twelfth floor? "Tianfeng Battle Emperor asked.
Luo Zheng smiled and his gaze fell on the girl in the pillar. He didn't know what cultivation level this girl had, but from the "residual aura" emitted from her body, she was definitely much stronger than the other supreme experts on the thirteenth floor!
When the supreme experts of the Divine Ocean Realm saw Luo Zheng's gaze, they were slightly shocked. One of them said, "This girl … is an expert of the Ultimate Divine Realm! She's even stronger than the Military Governor. How could she occupy her corpse? Also, also … we don't even know if she's dead or alive! "
Ultimate Divine Realm …
Luo Zheng's eyes flashed.
In the Upper Realm, the Life and Death Realm was only the starting point. The Divine Ocean Realm was the entry level. The Ultimate Divine Realm was the backbone of the Upper Realm warriors!
The Military Governor was referring to White Brow Daoist. He should also be at the Ultimate Divine Realm. As for Daoist Tian Miao, he should also be at the Ultimate Divine Realm. However, what about Yun Luo? Although the cultivation level of Yun Luo's doppelganger wasn't high, she had a million doppelgangers. Her own strength was probably far beyond the Ultimate Divine Realm …
Luo Zheng couldn't come into contact with more powerful existences. Even if they were at the Ultimate Divine Realm, Luo Zheng could only look up to them.
Therefore, after hearing the words of the supreme expert of the Divine Ocean Realm, Luo Zheng became even more interested in the girl in the pillar.
"Let's not talk about whether the girl in the pillar is dead or alive. First of all, we can't undo the chains. We can't even destroy the crystal coffin. It's impossible to control her body," Zhou Huang said.
However, at this moment, Luo Zheng smiled strangely and slowly returned to the side of Feng Zhan's coffin. He reached out his hand and took out a small Sumeru Ring.
When the supreme experts of the Divine Ocean Realm saw this, they all revealed expressions of realization. Their eyes were filled with joy!

Chapter 875
The Heavenly Star Secret Realm was above the other three Secret Realms. It must be the core of the Dragon Bloodline.
After so many years, these Divine Sea Realm cultivators still couldn't take the Ancestral Dragon egg. If Luo Zheng wanted to win, he would have to find another way.
In that case, obtaining the corpse of the Ultimate Divine Stage girl was something that Luo Zheng had to do.
In fact, when Luo Zheng took out the Black Star Pickaxe, the other Divine Sea Realm cultivators were also tempted, especially Battle Emperor Yu the Great and the others.
It wasn't that they didn't want the girl in the pillar!
However, whether it was the crystal coffin or the chains, they couldn't be taken apart …
Now that Luo Zheng took out the Black Star Pickaxe, they were also tempted. After entering the Heavenly Star Secret Realm, everyone was willing to choose a stronger corpse. If Luo Zheng opened the crystal coffin, they could also try to take over the girl's corpse!
However, at this moment, no one fought with Luo Zheng.
Obtaining the Ancestral Dragon egg might be a great achievement, but offending Luo Zheng because of this achievement would be stupid.
For example, Battle Emperor Yu the Great already had a grudge against Luo Zheng. Now, it was too late for him to repair his relationship with Luo Zheng. How would he dare to fight with Luo Zheng and offend him?
Luo Zheng took out the Black Star Pickaxe from his Sumeru Ring and slowly floated towards the girl in the pillar.
The four Divine Kingdoms had ransacked the entire Heavenly Feather Sacred Sea, so they had a clear understanding of the identities of the corpses in the cemetery. But, this young girl's identity was the only one they didn't know. Her origins were mysterious.
Although Luo Zheng's expression was serious, he had some concerns in his heart. For example, if this girl in the pillar really didn't die and was released by Luo Zheng like this … would it cause trouble?
His soul held the Black Star Pickaxe and slowly floated beside the stone pillar. Through the flawless crystal coffin, Luo Zheng could clearly see the girl in the coffin.
She didn't have many clothes on her body. Her bare hands and feet were tightly bound by iron chains. On her white skin, there were shocking marks.
Why was this young girl bound here? What was her identity?
After observing for a while, Luo Zheng suddenly swung the Black Star Pickaxe in his hand!
After all, there were sword techniques, saber techniques, and spear techniques in this world, but there was no such thing as a pickaxe technique. However, as a supreme artifact, the law of causality that was contained within the pickaxe was extremely powerful! Luo Zheng trusted the Black Star Pickaxe very much. There was probably nothing in this world that the Black Star Pickaxe could not dig.
"Clang!"
Although Luo Zheng's Blue Soul Mirror was extremely sturdy, it was still a far cry from his physical strength.
However, using the Blackstar Pickaxe didn't require a lot of strength. With a light swing, the head of the pickaxe hit the crystal coffin, causing cracks to appear on the coffin.
"Ding ding dong dong …"
After the cracks appeared on the crystal coffin, it seemed to become extremely weak. Without needing Luo Zheng to hit it a second time, the cracks continued to spread on the coffin, and the shattered crystal turned into powder and fell to the ground!
Soon, the entire crystal coffin was peeled off from the stone pillar. However, the young girl's body was still bound by the iron chains and was firmly bound to the stone pillar.
"There's actually a faint fragrance. Could it be that she's still alive …" Luo Zheng's eyes revealed a trace of astonishment. After opening the crystal coffin, a young girl's body fragrance wafted out.
Out of curiosity, Luo Zheng reached out his hand and touched the young girl's chest.
"Badump, badump …" When Luo Zheng touched her chest, he immediately felt a strong and powerful heartbeat!
This was the body of a living person! It was not the body of a dead person! Luo Zheng's heart was immediately shocked!
Although the young girl could speak, her voice was very mechanical. It didn't sound like the voice of an intelligent creature. The people of the four Divine Kingdoms couldn't determine whether she was dead or alive …
Now, Luo Zheng was sure that this was a living person!
Didn't the Dragon Bloodline Clan sacrifice all of their living beings? Why was there still a living person here? What was the purpose of her existence here?
Perhaps her soul had already been destroyed, and her body was preserved by some secret method. Luo Zheng guessed in his heart.
If that was the case, Luo Zheng's plan to possess her body would be a lot simpler. This physical body was a living body, and he wouldn't even need a soul core to control her physical body if he possessed it directly. Furthermore, a living physical body would be able to unleash one hundred percent of its power, while using a soul core to control a corpse would be a lot less effective.
"Then let's begin." Without thinking much, Luo Zheng waved the Blackstar Pickaxe and broke the iron chains that bound the young girl's hands. After putting the pickaxe back into his spatial ring, he reached out and gently pinched the young girl's cheeks. Luo Zheng smiled faintly and said, "Sorry, I can only occupy your body first!"
After saying that, Luo Zheng's soul entered the young girl's mouth!
Soon, Luo Zheng's soul appeared in the young girl's mind. The moment his soul entered, Luo Zheng's brows furrowed, and a trace of vigilance appeared on his face.
It was too smooth …
Luo Zheng's experience told him that anything that went too smoothly was bound to have its strangeness.
This young girl's strength was stronger than the corpses in the coffins, but Luo Zheng easily occupied her mind. He didn't even feel a trace of rejection. Just this point alone was enough to make Luo Zheng vigilant.
"What about fusion? I don't seem to be able to fuse? "
At this time, the soul core should have taken effect and helped Luo Zheng's soul control over this body. However, in this pitch-black mind, Luo Zheng didn't feel the soul core at all!
Luo Zheng was a little flustered. Almost instinctively, he wanted to quickly leave this mind!
"Retreat!"
Luo Zheng's speed wasn't slow. From the moment he realized that something was wrong to the moment he took action, only one or two breaths of time had passed. However, he quickly discovered that he was already in a state of helplessness!
Just then, a dignified female voice sounded in his mind, "Since you've already entered, you still want to leave so easily?"
"Sure enough, it's a trap." Luo Zheng's expression slowly calmed down. Just now, he was flustered because he thought that he still had a chance to retreat. However, now that he was trapped, he was no longer flustered.
As the saying went, since he was already here, he should take things as they came. Right now, he could only remain calm.
"Who are you?" Luo Zheng's consciousness spread out.
"Me? Haven't you stared at me many times? Don't tell me you still don't know who I am? "The female voice sounded again.
Luo Zheng blinked his eyes and replied indifferently, "So you're not a dead person, but why are you sealed in this cemetery …"
"Humph, who said that I'm not a dead person? I'm indeed dead, but I didn't expect that after so many years, someone would still foolishly enter my mind to accompany me! "The soul replied indifferently.
"I'm indeed dead …" Luo Zheng couldn't understand this sentence, and there was a puzzled expression on his face.
A corpse with its own soul and an intact body. The beating power of her body's heart was even stronger than Luo Zheng's. How could she be considered a dead person?
"Humph, it's hard to explain it to you. However, since you've intruded into my mind, you can stay with me. There's no need to go out!" The voice sounded again indifferently.
Luo Zheng cupped his hands in salute in the dark mind and said to her, "Senior, I didn't know that I had intruded into your mind by accident. If I've offended you in any way, please forgive me. Therefore, please be magnanimous …"
Just as he was explaining politely, the female voice responded sharply, "Ha ha ha … Didn't know … Didn't know? Do you think I'm a three-year-old child? You obviously want to seize my body, but you're still trying to find excuses. You want me to let you go? Dream on! "
It seemed that this woman wouldn't let him go. Luo Zheng frowned, and his soul suddenly accelerated, rushing out of the mind.

Chapter 876
It was these red ripples that locked Luo Zheng firmly in his mind.
"You want to escape? Hmph, with your soul that hasn't even reached the Blue Soul Realm? "The voice sounded again.
Luo Zheng continued to attack the edge of his mind, but when he heard this, his heart sank. It seemed that the Blue Soul Realm was nothing to this woman.
This time, Luo Zheng could be considered to have fallen into big trouble.
Luo Zheng attacked the edge of his mind several times, but he still couldn't succeed. In the end, he could only give up temporarily. After all, the power of the soul was limited. Even Luo Zheng couldn't endlessly consume the power of the soul.
He quietly floated in the darkness. After waiting for a while, he spread his consciousness into his mind again. "There's no value in keeping me here. Why don't you let me out …" Luo Zheng still tried to persuade the woman.
The woman didn't respond to Luo Zheng. She just threw Luo Zheng into the darkness. Because Luo Zheng didn't control the woman's body, his soul couldn't sense anything outside. Therefore, he felt as if he had entered a pitch-black prison.
Seeing that the woman didn't respond, Luo Zheng continued to spread his consciousness.
"Hey!"
"Say something!"
"Your body has been bound in this crystal coffin for so many years. I've helped you to open the chains!"
"The other chains bind your legs. If you want to be free, I can help you open them!"
No matter what Luo Zheng said, he couldn't get a response from the woman.
Luo Zheng curled his lips. He was bored to death and floated in his mind. There was no need to mention how depressed he was. He shouldn't have entered the woman's mind. He should have just knocked her down from the stone pillar and thrown her to a random place … This way, he wouldn't be affected by the woman. He could have occupied any of the corpses on the thirteenth floor!
It was all because of his greed. Although those Super Mighty Beings were powerful, they were only slightly stronger than the Monarchs. They couldn't compare to this Ultimate Divine Realm girl in front of him!
Luo Zheng couldn't be blamed. How could Zhou Huang, Battle Emperor Yu the Great, and the Tianfeng Battle Emperor not have such worries? It was just that this crystal coffin was opened by Luo Zheng. They couldn't compete with Luo Zheng because of their reputation.
Just as Luo Zheng was reflecting on his actions, blood-red ripples suddenly appeared in his mind. After those ripples appeared, they quickly flew towards Luo Zheng!
"Dodge!"
Seeing those blood-red ripples, Luo Zheng's soul began to dodge in his mind!
Although Luo Zheng's dodging speed was not slow and the blood-red ripples could not catch up with the speed of Luo Zheng's soul, there was still a limit to how much space Luo Zheng's soul could move in. On the other hand, the blood-red ripples were endless.
Not long after, the blood-red ripples covered his entire mind. Luo Zheng was surrounded by these red ripples. He was in his soul form and couldn't use the Law of Space. Now, Luo Zheng had no space to dodge.
Soon, a large red hand stretched out from the red ripples and grabbed Luo Zheng's soul. Then, it pulled Luo Zheng's soul down into his mind!
"Rumble …"
Luo Zheng could feel his soul falling downwards!
While falling, Luo Zheng seemed to have penetrated through the clouds. He saw flashes of lightning twirling in the sky, constantly releasing blazing white lightning.
"An illusion? Or an illusion? "
While falling, Luo Zheng actually saw a vast sea. The sea water was constantly surging, and in the middle of the sea, there seemed to be a sizable island!
The island was covered with a layer of emerald green plants. Bright lightning flashed in the sky, directly striking the forest on the island. Then, a raging fire appeared …
Being dragged by the big red hand, Luo Zheng arrived at the center of the island. While Luo Zheng was still in shock, he saw a group of people standing not far from him!
These people's clothes were very primitive. The weapons in their hands were long spears made from tree trunks. Their clothes were made from leaves. It seemed like these people didn't have much intelligence.
However, Luo Zheng's attention wasn't on these primitive people. This was because Luo Zheng saw that in the center of this group of people, there were four primitive people carrying a simple palanquin made of wooden sticks. Above the palanquin, there was a pair of slender legs hanging down. A pair of golden eyes indifferently looked at Luo Zheng. That delicate face had a faint mocking expression!
It was the girl in the stone pillar! To be exact, this was the girl's soul!
The group of primitive people kept making noises. All kinds of strange sounds came from their mouths. They carried the girl towards Luo Zheng.
As the young girl gently raised her hand, they put her down.
"Where is this?" Luo Zheng asked.
The girl smiled faintly and said, "Warriors of the lower realm are really ignorant. You don't even know this place!"
Luo Zheng frowned. In fact, he had already guessed it, but he didn't dare to be sure.
Before, Luo Zheng already knew that from the Life and Death Realm, the True Yuan in the body would constantly liquefy. When the liquefy reached a certain level, the True Yuan in the body would be able to open up a Spirit Sea in the body!
It was said that after reaching the Spirit Sea Realm, the Spirit Sea in the body would be able to give birth to life. However, this possibility was relatively small. Most of the time, it was only possible after cultivating to a higher level!
After breaking through the Spirit Sea Realm and reaching the Extreme Divine Realm, the "True Yuan Ocean" in the body would slowly solidify. Then, it would slowly give birth to all kinds of creatures …
Luo Zheng had only heard about this before. However, now that he saw it with his own eyes, everything seemed so real. He actually didn't dare to make any conclusions.
However, hearing the girl's tone, Luo Zheng coldly said, "Extreme Divine Realm. It's just a world in the Dantian. This kind of knowledge is nothing. How can you say that I'm ignorant?"
Hearing Luo Zheng's words, the girl's attitude took a 180-degree turn. She clapped her hands and said with a smile, "That's right!"
"Why did you bring me here?" Luo Zheng asked.
The girl blinked her eyes and said, "It's you who wanted to take over my body and invade … Well, invade my body! Since you failed, you naturally became my captive! Do you understand your situation now? "
Looking at the girl's almost crazy appearance, Luo Zheng knew something was wrong …
He didn't know how many years this girl had been sealed in the crystal coffin. After being sealed in there for so many years, she would most likely have some personality disorder. This kind of situation was indeed very troublesome.
"Let me out. My companions are still waiting for me outside. If I don't go out, I'm afraid they will destroy your body." Luo Zheng didn't have any good ideas. He could only threaten her like this.
Hearing Luo Zheng's words, a look of disdain appeared on the girl's face. "Your companions? You mean those little guys at the Spirit Sea Realm? "
Little guys at the Spirit Sea Realm …
In Luo Zheng's eyes, those War Emperors and War Emperors were old monsters who had lived for tens of thousands of years. However, in the eyes of this girl, they were not even worth mentioning.
Seeing Luo Zheng's silence, the girl continued indifferently, "You think they can hurt me just because you used the Black Star Pickaxe to open the crystal coffin? If you don't believe me, you can try. If those guys dare to come … "At this point, the girl paused for a moment and then laughed," There really is an idiot who came! "
Luo Zheng saw the girl close her eyes slightly. When she opened them again, a golden light suddenly flashed in her eyes. Then her tone suddenly became incomparably languid, "Okay, a little guy at the Spirit Sea Realm has been killed by me."
"What …" Luo Zheng was shocked. His soul was trapped in the girl's inner world. Now Luo Zheng couldn't see the situation outside. But in the blink of an eye, she killed a Spirit Sea Realm powerhouse outside? This …
"You're lying to me, right?" Luo Zheng thought for a while and said with a dignified expression.
The girl's voice suddenly became cold, "Lying to you? Is it necessary? Originally, I didn't want to kill him. But since you dare to threaten me with these little guys at the Spirit Sea Realm, of course, I have to prove it to you. I have already melted that guy's body and soul. Heh heh, he dared to steal the body of the Dragon Bloodline. He deserved it! "
＝＝＝＝＝

Chapter 877
When Luo Zheng's soul entered the girl's mind, the Soul Core didn't work and Luo Zheng's soul wasn't ejected.
The Divine Sea Realm cultivators outside were worried about Luo Zheng.
There were many places in the cemetery that the four Divine Kingdoms had carefully searched, but they couldn't figure out the identity of this woman. Although she could speak, her mechanical voice made it impossible for them to determine whether she was dead or alive.
Luo Zheng smashed the crystal coffin as soon as he came. It was definitely a risk to occupy this girl's body.
However, this girl had been trapped here for countless years. Even if she was a Divine Realm cultivator, her lifespan should have been exhausted. After experiencing the Heaven's Decay, she couldn't escape death!
Countless powerful cultivators in the universe couldn't escape the limitation of their lifespan. The only difference was the length of their lifespan.
Therefore, this risk was definitely worth it. The Tianfeng War Emperor, Zhou Huang, and War Emperor Yu the Great all wanted to try, but Luo Zheng beat them to it.
After Luo Zheng entered this body, there was no movement at all. Everyone was worried and wanted to find out what was going on.
Several Divine Sea Realm cultivators controlled the corpses they had just occupied and moved closer.
The Divine Sea Realm cultivator closest to this girl's body was only a few feet away. Under his close observation, the girl suddenly opened her eyes!
The Divine Sea Realm warriors reacted very quickly. What was more, they were occupying the corpses of some Divine Sea Realm warriors. Even though the corpses were inanimate objects, it was more than enough for them to exert 60 to 70 percent of their power through their Soul Cores.
However, the Divine Sea Realm cultivator closest to her still couldn't escape!
After she opened her eyes, her golden pupils were like fiery eyes. Under the golden light, the Divine Sea Realm cultivator's head exploded and he howled in pain.
Soon, cracks started to appear on the surface of the corpse occupied by the Spirit Sea Realm warrior, as if countless cracks had appeared on the dry land!
These corpses were at least 10,000 years old. The blood in them had long dried up. Therefore, when the corpses disintegrated, no blood flowed out. However, under this disintegration, the soul of the Spirit Sea Realm warrior was forced out from the disintegrated corpses.
The soul was still howling, but it was still within the range of the woman's golden gaze. The soul of a Combat Soul should be extremely sturdy, but under the golden light, it was like an ice cube that had been taken out from an ice cellar, quickly melting away.
In the blink of an eye, he completely disappeared from this world.
"So ruthless … This woman is definitely alive!"
"Everyone, back off! Don't come any closer!"
"I wonder how Luo Tian Xing is doing. I hope he didn't die here. If I knew this would happen, I wouldn't have brought him into the Godly Emperor Secret Realm!"
These Divine Sea Realm warriors thought that Luo Zheng's soul was more powerful than any of them. It shouldn't be a problem for him to enter the Godly Emperor Mysterious Realm. With Luo Zheng's strength, he could easily occupy the corpse of a Divine Sea Realm warrior.
But who would have thought that Luo Zheng actually wanted to occupy the body of the girl in the pillar?
This time, they were in big trouble …
Many Divine Sea Realm warriors, Huo Chen, Yan Wang, and the others all retreated to the side. They nervously stared at the girl in the pillar, afraid that she would suddenly attack.
If this girl was really alive, with her cultivation at the Ultimate Divine Realm, she could probably kill everyone here!
However, after everyone calmed down for a while, they saw her slowly close her golden eyes. Only then did they feel slightly relieved.
"Monarch, what should we do now …" A Divine Sea Realm warrior asked Zhou Huang.
Zhou Huang and the Tianfeng War Emperor's expressions were also uncertain. According to the original plan, everyone would enter the cemetery and occupy a corpse, then continue towards the Heavenly Star Secret Realm. As for the four monarchs, they would think of a way to occupy the corpses on the thirteenth floor. If they couldn't, they would settle for the next best thing. For example, the Sky Fortune Kingdom Monarch had done this.
But who would have thought that Luo Zheng would come and mess up their original plan? He actually wanted to occupy the body of the woman, but the result was that he had fallen into such a troublesome situation.
Zhou Huang hesitated for a moment, then clenched his teeth and said, "Wait!"
Right now, they couldn't be sure that Luo Zheng had died. However, after seeing the tragic end of the Divine Sea Realm warrior whose soul had been melted, the chances of Luo Zheng's death were very high.
However, the fate of the world was determined by the heavens, but it still had to follow some logic.
Luo Zheng's destiny was extremely strong, not to mention that he had opened the Mahayana Lotus Flower. Such a person with such great destiny shouldn't have fallen in a lower realm. He should have a stronger mission and a broader stage.
Therefore, Zhou Huang decided to wait and see.
Although the power of the blood sacrifice in the Heavenly Feather Sacred Sea would gradually recover with the passage of time, there were still a few days, so it wasn't too urgent.
Everyone maintained a certain distance from the girl in the pillar and quietly waited.
Within his inner world, bursts of lightning flashed and thunder roared, sprinkling in the sea of true essence …
The woman didn't reveal too much malice towards Luo Zheng. She just asked Luo Zheng to follow her obediently, then she was carried by the group of aboriginals to the side of the island.
Soon, Luo Zheng saw an extremely primitive tribe. However, the tribe's population was not small. There were old people and children everywhere, but the civilization here was extremely backward. Most of the aboriginals didn't even have enough clothes to cover their bodies.
As soon as they entered the tribe, an old man with a bag of skulls on his body waved a white bone staff in his hand and crawled towards the woman. Then, the entire tribe knelt down towards her and worshipped her sincerely.
"These humans, did you create them yourself?" Seeing the humans in the tribe, Luo Zheng asked.
The woman smiled faintly and said, "Yes, they all call me the God of Creation. I think this title is correct. In order to create this world, I spent a lot of time …"
"Boom!"
As she spoke, another bolt of lightning struck the sea. This bolt of lightning exploded within the inner world, as if it wanted to destroy the world. The entire sea of true essence began to crazily roar.
Seeing Luo Zheng's frightened expression, the woman smiled and said, "Don't be afraid. The power of this thunder isn't strong. It's just that in the inner world, it feels very frightening. In order to obtain this thunder, I spent a great deal of effort! The crystal coffin can't draw in thunder. It can only be drawn in during a thunderstorm through the chains. It's too troublesome … "
The Extreme Divine Realm could indeed solidify true essence. However, even if a continent was solidified within the Divine Sea, it would only be a lifeless world. In order to fill one's body with vitality, one could only draw in thunder and continuously strike it. Only then would some low level life forms slowly form within the sea of true essence!
However, life forms would slowly evolve. This process would often take hundreds, thousands, or even tens of thousands of years to produce fruitful results!
"It took me a hundred and twenty thousand years to nurture this island and all the creatures on it." The woman sighed softly.
"120,000 years, only so little …" Luo Zheng was stunned. This speed was much slower than he had imagined.
The woman faintly smiled and shook her head. "You don't understand. The cultivation of the inner world is accelerated. From the birth of a world to the birth of the first insignificant life form, it might take 100,000 years. However, for a civilization to grow, it actually only takes a few thousand years!"
"So that's how it is." Luo Zheng blinked. He didn't feel too much malice from this woman, so he cautiously asked again, "But why did you lock me up here?"
Unexpectedly, the woman faintly smiled and said, "It's too boring to create a world by myself. You stay here and create with me. Isn't it very fun?"
"…"
He originally wanted to say 'fun my ass', but he held back. After thinking for a while, Luo Zheng replied, "My soul is in an out-of-body state, but my body is still outside. This out-of-body state can last for a few days, but if it lasts too long, the connection between the soul and the body will be cut off. I'm afraid it will be troublesome."

Chapter 878
Upon hearing this, Luo Zheng couldn't help but roll his eyes. He was afraid that he had really encountered a lunatic.
Fortunately, this lunatic didn't kill him immediately. Otherwise, with her strength, she would have destroyed his soul in an instant.
The problem was that if he was really imprisoned here, the situation would be quite troublesome.
While Luo Zheng was thinking, a soul fluctuation suddenly transmitted to him.
"Luo Zheng, you seem to have encountered some trouble?" The soul fluctuation came from Qinglong.
Qinglong and the mysterious furnace were still in his body's mind. However, Luo Zheng had already verified that he could still communicate with Qinglong. As for how Qinglong was observing him, Luo Zheng didn't know.
Therefore, Luo Zheng replied, "There's a little problem. I encountered a female lunatic."
"A female lunatic?" Qinglong's voice sounded doubtful.
"Hmm …" Luo Zheng recounted what had happened in the cemetery to Qinglong.
When Luo Zheng mentioned that the woman's body had a pair of golden pupils, Qinglong interrupted Luo Zheng. "You mean that woman has a pair of golden pupils and is sealed in a crystal coffin?"
"Yes," Luo Zheng replied.
"Haha, I see." Qinglong's laughter transmitted to him.
"What's so funny? You're an almighty of the True Dragon Clan. Do you have a way to escape?" Luo Zheng asked impatiently.
At that moment, the woman suddenly stared at Luo Zheng's soul and asked, "Who are you communicating with?"
This Inner World was created by the woman. Even though Luo Zheng was communicating with Qinglong through his perception, she was still keenly aware of it.
Luo Zheng pursed his lips and ignored her. Qinglong's voice transmitted in his mind again. "Luo Zheng, ask her if her name is Feng Nianyun."
"Do you know him?" Luo Zheng asked.
"Probably," Qinglong replied faintly. Judging from his tone, he seemed to be immersed in the past.
Luo Zheng nodded and said to the woman with a smile, "Someone asked me to ask you if you are Feng Nianyun."
When Luo Zheng spat out these three words, the woman's body suddenly shook, and then the whole world started to shake …
"Rumble …"
Under the loud sound of thunder, the entire island was constantly trembling. The True Essence Sea crazily roared, and waves that were like small mountains swept towards the island.
On the island, all the aborigines were in a panic. They were hiding in all directions while muttering a language that Luo Zheng couldn't understand. This language was probably created by this woman …
This Inner World was created by this woman, so the state of the Inner World should be the same as the woman's state of mind. In other words, Luo Zheng's words really set off a storm in the woman's heart.
Seeing this doomsday-like scene, Luo Zheng took a deep breath. He was also puzzled. Wasn't it just a name? Was there a need to go so far?
"Who is it? Who told you my name?" Feng Nianyun stared at Luo Zheng and asked.
Before Luo Zheng could speak, Qinglong spoke first. "Tell her it's her seventh grandpa."
Hearing this, Luo Zheng was suddenly delighted. "No way, it's your granddaughter?"
Qing Xuan was a True Dragon, but this woman wasn't. However, it was said that when a divine beast grew to a certain extent, it could indeed transform into a human form. Did that mean Feng Nianyun was also a True Dragon?
The woman stared at Luo Zheng with burning eyes and asked again, "Tell me, who is it?"
"He said it's your seventh grandpa!" Luo Zheng laughed.
"Rumble …"
Another huge bolt of lightning fell from the sky. Streaks of silver lightning struck the sea. In the outside world, this lightning might not be terrifying. However, in the Inner World, the diameter of the lightning was comparable to a mountain. Even so, it still looked terrifying.
Seeing the woman's heart fluctuating violently, Luo Zheng couldn't help but say, "Can you calm down …"
The girl's face revealed a sad expression, but she couldn't hold it in and finally began to wail.
However, she was still in the state of a soul. When she cried like this, she could only hear the sound, but no tears flowed.
This time, Luo Zheng was even more helpless. He couldn't comfort her, but he couldn't not comfort her either. Feng Nianyun looked like a little girl, but in fact, she was much older than those old monsters.
"Qinglong, what should we do?" Luo Zheng could only ask Qinglong for help.
"Tell her not to cry," Qinglong replied faintly.
Luo Zheng could only tell her honestly, "Your seventh grandpa told you not to cry!"
The effect was not bad. As soon as Luo Zheng finished speaking, Feng Nianyun suddenly stopped crying. Then, she stared blankly at Luo Zheng and said, "Why is seventh grandpa with you? What about first grandpa and the others … "
"Can you tell her the truth?" Luo Zheng asked Qinglong.
So far, Luo Zheng hadn't revealed the secret of the mysterious furnace and the nine dragons to outsiders. Even the black fire in the furnace was only used as a last resort. The only person who knew about the nine dragons was Xun.
Therefore, Luo Zheng was very cautious at this moment.
"She's not an outsider. You can tell her everything," Qinglong replied.
Luo Zheng shrugged and told him about the nine True Dragons in his mind. Then, he added, "It seems like these nine True Dragons are your First Grandpa and Second Grandpa …"
Feng Nianyun nodded. Her face was still very sad as she said, "I understand."
At this point, Luo Zheng finally breathed a sigh of relief. It seemed that not only was this woman not crazy, but she was also one of them. Since that was the case, the rest of the matter would be easy to deal with.
If he had known that this matter would be resolved like this, Luo Zheng wouldn't have wasted his breath.
Then, Luo Zheng said, "Since you understand, it's good. Now, can you let me out?"
Feng Nianyun blinked and then said, "Why should I let you out?"
"Why? Do you want me to stay here and accompany you to create a world? " Luo Zheng said unhappily. No matter what, this woman seemed to have a close relationship with the nine dragons. She shouldn't make things difficult for him for no reason.
Unexpectedly, Feng Nianyun said, "I've been cast on the Soul Clan's Soul Sealing Technique, so my soul is imprisoned in my inner world. This Soul Sealing Technique can't be broken, so I can't control my body."
Luo Zheng understood that Feng Nianyun was chained here and sealed in the crystal coffin. She couldn't move. Moreover, it seemed that she had been sealed for countless years. Even if the lifespan of a Divine Realm cultivator was much longer than that of a Divine Ocean cultivator, her lifespan should be less than a hundred thousand years.
However, according to Feng Nianyun, it took her a hundred thousand years to nurture living creatures in her inner world, but she still didn't enter the Five Decay of Heaven and Man. She must have used some method.
This method was the Soul Sealing Technique. Moreover, Feng Nianyun didn't cast it on herself. Someone forced it on her!
To a certain extent, the Soul Sealing Technique could resist the Five Decay of Heaven and Man. In the Upper Realm, there were some super powerful people who used this method to prolong their lives.
However, the weakness of this method was obvious. Before the Soul Sealing Technique was broken, one couldn't fully control their own body. Their soul was imprisoned in their own body. Other than creating a world when they were bored, there was nothing else to do …
Ordinary Divine Realm cultivators only needed to use a strand of their spirit to create a world in their dantian. Why would they need to put their entire soul into it?
However, Feng Nianyun was sealed in her dantian because she had no choice.
"I can't control my own body, but your soul has fused with the Soul Core. I can help you control my body!" Feng Nianyun suddenly said with a smile.
Luo Zheng was also speechless in his heart, but his face revealed a joyful expression.
Controlling this body was Luo Zheng's initial goal. It seemed that he had achieved his goal. However, he didn't expect it to be such a strange process …

Chapter 879
"Alright, I'll send you out of the inner world!"
Feng Nianyun waved her hand at Luo Zheng, and an invisible force enveloped Luo Zheng.
After that, Luo Zheng's soul flew up into the sky. However, when he was in Ao Xiang's inner world, another bolt of lightning struck down, which gave Luo Zheng a fright.
After leaving the inner world, Luo Zheng returned to his mind. Then, Feng Nianyun's voice slowly drifted over.
"Previously, when you released the power of the Soul Core, I sealed it completely. There should be no problem now."
At this moment, streaks of grey light seeped into Feng Nianyun's body. Luo Zheng's soul was immersed in his mind, and he slowly regained his senses!
At this moment, Zhou Huang, the Tianfeng War Emperor, and the others looked very gloomy.
On the platform, the atmosphere was very depressing!
The longer time passed, the less hope they had. They had been waiting here for four hours, but there was still no news from Luo Zheng.
Everyone knew that Luo Zheng's soul had probably perished long ago. They just didn't want to admit it.
"Sigh, we shouldn't have explored the Heavenly Star Secret Realm this time. We shouldn't have taken the Ancestral Dragon egg! What's worse is that we brought Luo Tianxing with us! If he dies, we … "A Divine Sea Realm Almighty said hesitantly.
"Give up the Heavenly Star Secret Realm? Hmph! The Supervisor will not be happy! "Another Divine Sea Realm Almighty retorted.
"What's there to be unhappy about? Although the Ancestral Dragon egg is important, isn't Luo Tianxing important? Moreover, the Ancestral Dragon egg isn't something that can be obtained in one or two years. We still have a chance next year! "
"We do have a chance, but Luo Zheng insisted on entering the Heavenly Star Secret Realm …"
Several Divine Sea Realm Almighties were arguing on the top floor of the cemetery.
"Stop talking!"
Amidst the argument, the Tianfeng War Emperor couldn't help but roar. Although they were all Divine Sea Realm Almighties, the authority of the emperors was unquestionable. Therefore, when the Tianfeng War Emperor roared, all the Divine Sea Realm Almighties shut up.
"I'll occupy the corpses on the twelfth floor! Then, we'll set off for the Heavenly Chen Secret Territory! " The Tianfeng War Emperor was already in a bad mood. Hearing this fellow's clamor, he was naturally irritated.
Hearing that her father was about to leave, Huo Yuner said, "Father, why don't we wait a little longer?"
Even though Huo Yuner was occupying someone else's body, the Tianfeng War Emperor could still see the sadness in her eyes. He let out a long sigh and said, "Yuner, this Luo Zheng … I'm afraid he has already fallen."
Even though they didn't know what happened to the woman's body, the death of a Spirit Sea Realm warrior had explained everything. That Spirit Sea Realm warrior was still hiding in the body. The body was burned and his soul was melted.
This woman was really powerful. This corpse was the corpse of her Dragon Bloodline Clan, but it was still burned by her eyes!
Huo Yuner pursed her lips, but her face revealed a trace of stubbornness. She said, "Father, I want to investigate again!"
"No!" The Tianfeng War Emperor flatly rejected Huo Yuner's request. The tragic death of that Spirit Sea Realm warrior was still vivid in his mind. How could he let his daughter die?
"Sister, give up." Huo Chen also shook his head at Huo Yuner.
Huo Yuner didn't say anything. She only looked at the stone pillar not far away. No one knew what she was thinking.
Among those present, only Zhou Huang, the Tianfeng War Emperor, and the War Emperor Da Yu were still in soul form. After the crystal coffin was opened, they were afraid that something unexpected would happen, so they all entered the twelfth floor.
After a while, the Tianfeng War Emperor and the other two kings each chose a corpse on the twelfth floor and returned to the thirteenth floor.
"Let's go!" The Tianfeng War Emperor ordered.
Even though everyone was helpless, there was nothing they could do. They could only choose to go to the Heavenly Star Secret Realm …
The path to the Heavenly Star Secret Realm was at the back of the cemetery. They could go down from the stairs on the other side. However, just as everyone was about to go around the stone pillar, Huo Yuner suddenly approached the stone pillar!
"Sister!" Seeing this scene, Huo Chen shouted loudly.
Huo Yuner's action immediately alarmed the Divine Ocean Realm experts in front of her.
At the same time, the Tianfeng War Emperor's body shot towards Huo Yuner like a sharp arrow!
His daughter had always been obedient. Now, she was about to do something foolish. Putting aside the fact that Luo Zheng wasn't dead, Huo Yuner would definitely die if she approached the woman's body!
Huo Yuner only felt regret. She felt that Luo Zheng couldn't have died here. As for the mystery surrounding the woman, she really wanted to know more.
"Yuner! Stop right there! "The Tianfeng War Emperor roared.
Huo Yuner ignored her father's roar. She stood in front of the woman and asked indifferently, "You, what did you do to Luo Tianxing?"
Seeing this, the Tianfeng War Emperor cursed his daughter for being too naive. However, the woman didn't seem to open her eyes. He hoped that she would let Huo Yuner go! At this moment, the Tianfeng War Emperor was only two to three feet away from Huo Yuner. As for the other Divine Ocean Realm experts, they had all turned back and followed behind the Tianfeng War Emperor.
At this moment, the grey light from the soul core had already enveloped Feng Nianyun's body.
"There's another brat who isn't afraid of death. How dare she come closer! Is she your old flame? "Feng Nianyun's voice was transmitted to Luo Zheng.
Huo Yuner was the only female martial artist present. Luo Zheng replied, "Don't touch her!"
Feng Nianyun smiled faintly and didn't say anything.
At this moment, Luo Zheng had completed the fusion and the control of this body was temporarily in his hands. He tried to move his fingers twice and then slowly opened his eyes!
When the pair of golden eyes appeared, the Tianfeng War Emperor's face was filled with shock. He increased his flying speed, wanting to bring Huo Yuner away from the danger zone.
However, Huo Yuner said seriously, "Elder, can you tell me how Luo Tianxing is now? We're only here to … "
Before she could finish her sentence, a figure rushed over and pulled her away from the stone pillar!
"Let's go! Let's go! That woman is awake again! "
"Let's go to the Heavenly Star Secret Realm!"
After all, this woman was at the Ultimate Divine Realm. In this Great Thousand World, she was an existence that could crush anyone. No one wanted to provoke her!
Huo Yuner was dragged by the Tianfeng War Emperor down another flight of stairs. The other Divine Ocean Realm experts were also scrambling to be the first.
When Luo Zheng opened his eyes, he saw this scene. He was confused. Why did they abandon him and run away? However, Luo Zheng understood this after thinking for a while.
Previously, Feng Nianyun had killed a Divine Ocean Realm expert. Now that he was controlling this body to "awaken", it would be strange if they didn't run away!
He wasn't familiar with the Heavenly Star Secret Realm. He planned to enter with the people from the four Divine Kingdoms. He couldn't be left behind. Thinking of this, Luo Zheng quickly took out the Sumeru Ring. Then, he took out the Black Star Pickaxe. With a light wave, he broke the chains on her legs.
Then, she jumped down from the stone pillar …
As expected of the body of a Ultimate Divine Realm expert! Luo Zheng felt that this body was filled with a vast amount of energy!
Luo Zheng's strength wasn't weaker than others. However, that was only when compared to Life and Death Realm experts. If he didn't use the power of the dragon scale, Luo Zheng's strength was inferior to Divine Ocean Realm experts.
However, as soon as he stepped on the ground, he felt his chest sink. At the same time, a strange expression appeared on his face. Women and men had different body structures. Some parts of their bodies felt strange.
At this moment, Luo Zheng couldn't care less. As soon as he steadied himself, he stepped on the ground with his bare feet. Then, he shot out like an arrow, following closely behind Zhou Huang and the others!
"It's okay! She shouldn't be able to catch up. That woman's legs are still tied up! "
"Well, we don't have to be so fast …"
"That was close. Where did this woman come from? Shouldn't Ultimate Divine Realm experts be thrown out of the Great Thousand World? Why is she still here?"
Just as the warriors from the four Divine Kingdoms relaxed, a Divine Ocean Realm expert looked back and saw the woman diving down at an extremely fast speed. His face darkened as he shouted, "Run! She's really here!"
＝＝＝＝＝

Chapter 880
Many warriors turned around and saw the girl of the Ultimate God Realm diving down at an incredible speed. They were all shocked!
All of them rushed forward in a rush!
The Tianfeng War Emperor grabbed Huo Yuner and Huo Chen and rushed to the front.
Everyone knew in their hearts that all they had to do was to outrun the other party. Those who fell behind would definitely die.
"Sh * t! They are running so fast!"
Luo Zheng looked at the Divine Ocean Realm warriors in front of him. They were all rushing forward at an extremely fast speed. There was nothing he could do. However, he felt a slight heat in his lower abdomen. Streaks of True Essence were transmitted to him!
These streaks of True Essence were extracted from his inner world. The True Essence was continuously supplied. Luo Zheng activated it and flew up …
Because of the power of blood sacrifice, he couldn't fly after entering the Divine Emperor Island as a soul. The occupied body didn't have any True Essence. The only thing he could rely on was the strength of his body. Normally, the Divine Ocean Realm warriors in front of him could fly freely in the sky. But now, they could only run wildly on the ground.
Under such crazy running, their speed was naturally slower than Luo Zheng's flying speed!
"Whoosh …"
This speed …
Even Luo Zheng himself was stunned! Was this the strength of the Ultimate God Realm?
He activated his True Essence and shot out like this. His speed was almost beyond Luo Zheng's imagination. Even if Luo Zheng activated his Vital Essence and True Essence at the same time, his speed would still be less than one-tenth of his current speed!
Therefore, in just one breath's time, Luo Zheng caught up with them!
Not only did he catch up, but Luo Zheng couldn't control his speed. He flew over and landed right in front of the Divine Ocean Realm warriors. After all, this body wasn't Luo Zheng's. When he landed, he couldn't control his body well. He smashed into the graveyard, creating a huge hole in the ground.
"Hey, this is my body. Don't you dare mess around!" Due to the Soul Sealing Technique, Feng Nianyun was no longer able to control her body. However, this was her body after all. Although it wouldn't hurt her body, it wasn't a good thing.
Luo Zheng laughed mischievously. Then, he got up from the ground and finally stopped these guys...
He walked over with a smile on his face. However, the faces of these Divine Sea Realm warriors were filled with coldness!
Most of the Divine Sea Realm warriors were nervous. Zhou Huang, the Tianfeng War Emperor, and the other Country Lords were slightly more powerful. Their expressions were slightly calmer. But at this moment, they were prepared to fight with their lives on the line.
However, would they be able to fight against a Ultimate Divine Realm warrior?
Moreover, they were now occupying other people's corpses, so they couldn't use their full strength.
This time, the top powerhouses of the four Divine Kingdoms were in trouble …
Zhou Huang's expression was calm. He looked at the smiling girl and said, "Senior, we accidentally barged into this cemetery. If we have disturbed you, please forgive us …"
Seeing their expressions, Luo Zheng suddenly had the urge to play a prank on them. He put away the smile on his face and said coldly, "Forgive us? Accidentally barged in? Hmph! What a nice way to put it! "
Zhou Huang and the others' hearts sank when they heard this. This girl didn't come with good intentions!
All the Spirit Sea Realm warriors looked terrible. If they were to fight with this girl at the Extreme God Realm, then all of them would die here!
However, at this moment, Huo Yuner rushed out from the crowd and asked, "Senior, what did you do to Luo Tianxing? Is he dead? "
Even now, Huo Yuner still seemed to care about him. Luo Zheng was touched. He suddenly smiled at Huo Yuner and said, "Of course I'm fine!"
Hearing this inexplicable sentence, everyone was confused.
However, Huo Yuner's face was also full of shock. She looked at the girl in front of her and suddenly felt that the girl's smile was somewhat familiar.
Even if a person changed their appearance, or even changed their body, their previous habits, some small actions, and even their smile would not change. A possibility suddenly jumped out from her chest!
Huo Yuner was the first to react. "Tianxing, you're Luo Tianxing. You did it!"
Luo Zheng nodded gently with a smile on his face.
At this moment, the Divine Sea Realm warriors finally realized that this guy was Luo Zheng himself! He had successfully occupied the body of the girl in the pillar!
Zhou Huang, the Tianfeng War Emperor, and the others relaxed. They didn't expect Luo Zheng to succeed.
"Tianxing, since you've succeeded, then shouldn't we …" The Tianfeng War Emperor quickly said.
Just now, they couldn't merge with the bodies of the super powerhouses on the 13th floor because of the girl in the pillar. However, now that Luo Zheng had directly taken the girl's body, they could go back and take the other bodies!
Luo Zheng had taken the girl's body, which was the same as removing a key obstacle!
Luo Zheng nodded at them and said, "Yes, you can go and occupy the other bodies!"
The Heavenly Wind War Emperor, Sky Fortune Kingdom King, Battle Emperor Yu the Great, and Zhou Huang all had happy expressions on their faces. Thus, the four of them immediately chose to turn back. There were even some Divine Sea realm Supreme Elders who believed that their soul force was comparable to the four Emperor's that were also eager to give it a try! After all, everyone wanted to occupy a stronger body!
Luo Zheng, Huo Yuner, Huo Chen, King Yan, and the others stood in place, waiting for them to switch bodies.
At this time, Huo Yuner, Huo Chen, King Yan, and the others all looked at Luo Zheng with strange expressions. Huo Yuner herself slowly walked over with a smile.
Generally speaking, occupying a body was done by someone of the same sex. Occupying the body of the opposite sex was indeed a very strange experience. This was equivalent to Luo Zheng temporarily possessing a girl's body …
Before this, they didn't know that the girl was Luo Zheng and were naturally afraid of her Ultimate Divine Stage cultivation. Now that they found out that it was actually Luo Zheng, they all surrounded her and sized her up!
King Yan chuckled and said, "Tianxing, how do you feel?"
Luo Zheng really couldn't answer this question. As a man, he naturally didn't like this feeling. However, this was the body of a Ultimate Divine Stage powerhouse. With the help of Feng Nianyun's body, his chances of entering the Heavenly Star Secret Realm and obtaining the Ancestral Dragon egg would increase by many times.
"Not good." Huo Yuner looked left and right, then shook her head and said, "Not good."
Luo Zheng looked at Huo Yuner in confusion and asked, "What's not good?"
"You're wearing too little!" As she spoke, Huo Yuner took out a set of clothes from her Sumeru Ring and threw it to Luo Zheng. Although most warriors entered the cemetery as souls, they still carried their Sumeru Ring with them. After all, there were some important items that they needed.
Feng Nianyun's clothes were very thin, and her slender and round legs were exposed. Huo Yuner paid attention to these details.
However, when Luo Zheng picked up the clothes that Huo Yuner threw over, he was speechless. It was actually an emerald green dress.
Luo Zheng could only decline Huo Yuner's kindness. He took out a set of men's clothes from his Sumeru Ring and casually wrapped it around his body.
The four Monarchs didn't need to interrogate for names. Seizing the bodies on the thirteenth floor was a simple matter. After they returned and changed bodies, they quickly returned.
Whether it was Zhou Huang or the Tianfeng War Emperor, the four Monarchs couldn't suppress the excitement in their hearts. Although they were occupying other people's bodies, their eyes were filled with excitement.
Previously, they had only obtained bodies on the thirteenth floor once. This time, all four of them had obtained bodies! This time, they could possibly explore the entire Heavenly Star Secret Realm in one go. They could even obtain the Ancestral Dragon's egg!
"This time, we still have to thank Tianxing!" Zhou Huang said to Luo Zheng.
The Tianfeng War Emperor agreed. "You're right. If it weren't for Tianxing, we wouldn't have been able to obtain so many soul cores. We wouldn't have been able to occupy these bodies!" The Tianfeng War Emperor occupied the body of "Feng Zhan". At this moment, he was like an iron tower. He stood in the middle of everyone and exuded a domineering aura.
Luo Zheng smiled faintly and said a few words of modesty. He then said, "The next Heavenly Star Secret Realm will require the help of the Monarchs!"
He looked at the end of the cemetery. The next Heavenly Star Secret Realm was above the other three secret realms. It was the core of the Dragon Bloodline Clan.

Chapter 881
The entire Divine Emperor Island was a huge graveyard. Along the way, both sides of the road were densely packed with tombstones.
The Holy Land of the Dragon Bloodline was an eighth-rank force. Warriors who were buried in the graveyard would not be nameless. Those who were buried on the high platform were all core members of the Dragon Bloodline Clan. Apart from the surname "Feng", there were many experts with other surnames in the Dragon Bloodline Clan. Even the mighty warriors of the Divine Sea Realm were not qualified to keep their bodies. They could only be buried in the graveyard, slowly decaying into a pile of yellow soil under an inconspicuous tombstone. The only difference was that the tombstones of the mighty warriors of the Divine Sea Realm were all made of golden dragon heads, which could be recognized at a glance.
Looking at these tombstones, the mighty warriors of the Divine Sea Realm sighed. If the Ascension Passage could not be opened, their final fate would still be to be stuck in the Divine Sea Realm. When their lifespans were exhausted, they still could not escape death.
In the end, they would just hold a grand funeral and sleep in an exquisite coffin, slowly being forgotten by others …
The warriors in the universe used their entire lives to surpass this limit and escape from the pursuit of the God of Death.
After leaving the graveyard, there was a dark forest in front of them. At the end of the forest was the tail of the Divine Emperor Island. The Divine Emperor Island was an area where a "funnel" extended from the tail. At the end of the funnel was a long and narrow sea road.
This road, which was about twenty feet wide, extended all the way into the sea. However, it cut the sea into two halves. It was like a brown ribbon lying on the surface of the sea. It was a marvelous sight.
Under the leadership of the White Eyebrows Taoist by the West Dragon River, a sacrificial ceremony was held. The Blood Sacrifice Force in the Heavenly Feather Holy Sea was dispelled a lot. However, the Blood Sacrifice Force surrounding the Heavenly Star Secret Territory did not weaken at all. Streams of golden seawater, like pure gold being melted, were constantly slapping on this narrow road.
The Blood Sacrifice Power in this area was very dense. Even the Divine Sea Realm experts couldn't break through. However, the Blood Sacrifice Power had no effect on the Dragon Bloodline. This was why the Divine Sea Realm experts wanted to seize the corpses. Only in this way could they enter the Tian Chen Secret Realm safely.
The Tianfeng War Emperor's tower-like figure stopped in front of the long and narrow road. He then said to the crowd, "This is the Dragon Bloodline Clan's Path of the Saint. At the end of this road is the entrance to the Heavenly Star Secret Territory. However, this Path of the Saint is not easy to pass. Everyone, be careful."
Hearing his father's reminder, Huo Chen asked stiffly, "Father, what dangers are there in the Saint's Path?"
The Tianfeng War Emperor smiled faintly and replied, "You guys encountered the Arrow Delaying Zone in the Feather Emperor's Secret Realm, right?"
Many of the juniors nodded their heads. The slow-flying swords still gave them a lingering fear. If it wasn't for Luo Zheng pushing the Divine Origin Magnet Stone forward, all of the young warriors would have been trapped in the Arrow Delaying Zone.
The Tianfeng War Emperor continued, "The Feather Emperor's Secret Realm was the Arrow Delaying Zone. In a sense, this Saint's Path is the Arrow Delaying Zone!"
"Arrow Delaying Zone?" Luo Zheng's eyebrows twitched. "This road is so narrow. If there is a rain of arrows, how can we dodge them?"
Hearing Luo Zheng's words, the Tianfeng War Emperor smiled faintly and said, "Although the four Divine Kingdoms are unable to explore the entire Tian Chen Secret Realm, we have thought of countless methods to explore it step by step. Back then, in order to pass through this Saint's Path, we sacrificed more than ten Divine Sea Realm experts. This is the experience we gained through blood!"
Then, the Tianfeng War Emperor's gaze fell on Zhou Huang. Zhou Huang opened his mouth and said, "Take it out!"
As soon as Zhou Huang finished speaking, the four Divine Sea Realm experts from the Black Iron Divine Kingdom took out huge shields that were six meters long from their Sumeru Rings!
They inserted the huge shields into the ground one by one. Luo Zheng's gaze swept across them. There were more than ten huge shields.
The surface of these shields emitted a faint seven-colored luster. Luo Zheng could feel the Power of the Five Elements within them.
"Divine Origin Magnet Stone!" Luo Zheng's eyes flickered as he asked, "I thought the Divine Origin Magnet Stone couldn't be processed?"
Luo Zheng had seen the hardness of the Divine Origin Magnet Stone. The Power of the Five Elements within it was extremely chaotic. Because of this, there was no absolute power that could restrain it. Coupled with the fact that it was incomparably tough, even if a Divine Artifact were to strike it, the Divine Artifact would collapse!
Therefore, even a Divine Sea Realm expert couldn't shake the Divine Origin Magnet Mountain.
Seeing Luo Zheng's gaze, Zhou Huang's eyes revealed a trace of pride. He smiled and said, "It's true that the Divine Origin Magnet Stone can't be processed. However, this Divine Origin Magnet Stone fell from the sky. When it fell, it caused the entire Great Thousand World to tremble. There were some small fragments that fell from the Divine Origin Magnet Mountain. Most of those fragments were collected by the Black Iron Divine Kingdom."
Hearing Zhou Huang's explanation, Luo Zheng finally understood. He looked at the huge shields again. There were indeed small Divine Origin Magnet Stones embedded in the shields. As for how the Black Iron Divine Kingdom pieced the Divine Origin Magnet Stones together, Luo Zheng didn't know.
It seemed that the four Divine Kingdoms had exhausted all means to enter the Heavenly Star Secret Territory …
"Alright, it's getting late. Set up the shields and let's go! Yun 'er, Huo Chen, you juniors should follow behind us. The difficulty of the Rapid Arrow Area is much more terrifying than the Slow Arrow Area! "The Tianfeng War Emperor warned.
When the juniors heard this, their hearts skipped a beat. They nervously followed behind the Tianfeng War Emperor.
An Almighty of the Divine Sea Realm carried a huge shield and walked directly in front. He held the shield horizontally and faced the Path of Saints head-on.
Four Divine Sea Realm experts carried huge shields and stood on both sides. Another two Divine Sea Realm experts carried huge shields and aimed them at the sky. The last Divine Sea Realm expert stood at the back.
The weight of these huge shields wasn't light. However, since they were occupying the corpse of a Divine Sea Realm expert, it was easy for them to lift these huge shields.
The blacksmiths of the Black Iron Divine Kingdom even made delicate buckles on the sides of the huge shields. The Divine Sea Realm experts only needed to touch the sides of the huge shields and the buckles would come together. Thus, the huge shields in the hands of the eight people formed an airtight box that contained over a hundred people.
The Tianfeng War Emperor shouted, "Let's go!"
Everyone stepped forward at the same time. The eight Divine Sea Realm experts also carried their huge shields and kept the same pace as everyone else. That long and narrow "box" slowly moved on this Saint's Road across the sea.
Everyone's speed wasn't fast. It was only slightly faster than an old man walking. After everyone walked for about ten feet, the sound of countless waves crashing could be heard from the surrounding golden sea.
Dragon-shaped statues began to emerge from the seawater! These Dragon-shaped statues had azure arrows in their mouths!
The Tianfeng War Emperor's expression didn't change. He only said indifferently, "It's coming. Hold on tight to the shields!"
The eight Divine Sea Realm experts' expressions turned serious and they held on tightly to the huge shields in their hands.
Just as the box moved another ten feet on the Path of the Saint, the sound of a mechanism being pulled could be heard!
"Whoosh!"
An azure arrow flew along the surface of the sea, leaving a trail of blue ripples in the air as it shot toward the small box.
Seeing the speed of the arrow, Luo Zheng's eyes flashed. The rapid arrow zone was much more troublesome than the slow arrow zone. Even if a Divine Sea Realm expert's body was hit by this arrow, a huge hole would be pierced through his body. Moreover, this arrow was blue and should be coated with Dragon Arsenic!
Luo Zheng's body was Feng Nianyun's body, not his own Saint artifact body. If he was hit by this arrow, there was no way he could survive.
The arrow, which was originally a hundred feet away, arrived in front of everyone in the blink of an eye. It heavily hit the huge shield on the left!
"Boom!"
Under the high-speed impact, a single arrow contained an irresistible force. The "box" formed by the huge shield tilted to the right and almost slipped into the sea!

Chapter 882
The corpses of these Divine Ocean Realm experts had around 70% of their strength. Just one arrow was enough to release such terrifying power …
The expressions of the few juniors immediately became tense!
The Tianfeng War Emperor noticed Huo Yuner and Huo Chen's expressions and smiled. "Don't be afraid. We've walked this Saint's Road many times. There won't be too much danger!"
He originally wanted to say that the real danger was in the Heavenly Star Secret Realm. However, there was no need to scare them now.
"Whoosh whoosh whoosh!"
After the first arrow flew over, three more arrows flew over from the right side of the "box"!
"Right side! Pay attention to your strength! "The Tianfeng War Emperor commanded again.
The two Divine Ocean Realm experts on the right side became serious and increased the strength in their hands!
"Puff puff puff!"
The arrows shattered when they collided with the giant shield. This time, the box only shook slightly and continued to move forward steadily on the Saint's Road.
"The arrows in the Rapid Arrow Zone are hard to dodge. However, with the giant shield, it won't be too much of a problem," the Crown Prince of the Tianfeng Divine Nation said with a smile.
After all, there were so many seniors protecting them this time. The Crown Princes and Princes could finally relax.
"Whoosh whoosh whoosh whoosh …"
As the "box" composed of giant shields walked further and further on the Path of Saints, more and more dragon-shaped sculptures rose from the sea surface in a straight line, and more and more blue arrows were shot out.
These arrows didn't just come from the left and right. Some of them came from the front and the sides. Some of the dragon statues even raised their heads and the arrows flew in a parabola, shooting down from above!
Fortunately, the eight giant shields blocked the top, front, back, and sides of the box. No matter which side the arrows came from, they couldn't penetrate the giant shields. The rain of arrows that came from all directions couldn't do anything to them.
Although their speed wasn't fast, they had already walked one-third of the way in the time it took for an incense stick to burn.
"Puff puff puff puff …"
One arrow after another landed on the shields like raindrops. The Tianfeng War Emperor was focused on reminding the Divine Sea Realm warriors who were carrying the shields to maintain their balance and not fall into the sea.
"The Path of the Saint is only 20 Li long. At this speed, we can pass it in half an hour," Zhou Huang said to Luo Zheng.
Luo Zheng nodded slightly. He walked calmly in the middle of the crowd. Anyway, he didn't need to worry about passing the Saint's Road, so he wasn't in a hurry.
Right at this moment, a statue slowly rose up from the surface of the sea around 6km to the right of the Path of the Saints. It wasn't a dragon statue, it was actually a human statue!
This humanoid statue looked like it was carved out of white jade. From its face to its body, every part of it was carved in a vivid and lifelike manner. Its eyes seemed to be made of some kind of gemstone, shining with a scarlet light. What was even stranger was that although it was a statue, its four limbs were able to move nimbly, as if it was a living person!
The humanoid statue held a dark golden longbow in its hand, and there were dozens of black arrows on its back. When it slowly rose up from the sea, it reached out and took out a black arrow from the quiver on its back, nocked it on the dark golden longbow, and aimed at Luo Zheng's group.
Originally, Luo Zheng looked indifferent as he advanced with the Divine Ocean Realm experts. On this trip to the Heavenly Star Secret Territory, he was very relaxed. It seemed that even Feng Nianyun's body, which was at the Divine Ocean Realm, was useless.
However, right at this moment, a chill suddenly rose from his back. It seemed that his body instinctively felt a great danger!
"Danger?"
Luo Zheng's eyes flickered as he looked around through the giant shield.
Right at this moment, Feng Nianyun's soul in his Inner World transmitted a message, "Idiot, it's not the right side, it's the left side. You've alerted that guy!"
"That guy? Who is it? "Luo Zheng immediately looked to the right. His eyes narrowed slightly as he found something unusual.
The statues rising and falling around them were almost all in the shape of dragons. However, about two hundred feet away, there was a "person" standing there!
Feng Nianyun said indifferently, "The Dragon Bloodline Archer, one of Master Feng Bo's proudest masterpieces."
"Can it penetrate these giant shields?" Luo Zheng continued to ask.
Feng Nianyun smiled faintly, "Probably. Although the Divine Magnetism Stone is strong, these eight giant shields are not completely made of Divine Magnetism Stone. They are made of small pieces of Divine Magnetism Stone. They shouldn't be able to block his arrows! That guy's arrows … are extraordinarily powerful! "
As soon as Feng Nianyun finished speaking, the Dragon Bloodline Archer had already drawn the longbow. Seeing this scene, Luo Zheng suddenly shouted, "Everyone, be careful! Watch out for the right side … "
As soon as he finished speaking, the Dragon Bloodline Archer released the bowstring …
"Buzz —"
An ear-piercing sound of the bowstring vibrating was immediately transmitted to everyone's ears.
The sound of the bowstring vibrating was like the ripples of fish scales on the surface of the sea!
Then, everyone saw a black ray of light shooting towards them!
In the blink of an eye, there were not many people who could react in such a short time. After the black light shot out, another explosion sounded in the air, and the speed of the black arrow doubled!
When the black arrow was about fifty feet away from the "box" formed by the giant shields, there was another explosion, and its speed doubled again!
"Three-stage acceleration!"
Luo Zheng's eyes narrowed slightly. His hands were as fast as lightning as he directly grabbed Huo Chen and King Yan while shouting at the same time, "Get down! Get down! "
He shouted so anxiously, but his voice was Feng Nianyun's crisp voice. However, only a few Divine Ocean Realm experts reacted. The other Divine Ocean Realm experts only had time to turn their heads. When they saw the black light, it was only two or three feet away from the giant shields …
"Dong! Dong! "
Everyone only heard two extremely soft sounds.
At this moment, everyone had stopped moving forward. Everyone's faces were filled with astonishment. However, their expressions were slowly changing from astonishment to fear …
On the "box" formed by the giant shields, there were two small round holes. They were the first giant shield on the left and the first giant shield on the right. This arrow had directly penetrated the giant shields!
Each giant shield was twenty feet long and ten feet wide. These eight giant shields formed a large space. However, with eighty to ninety Divine Ocean Realm experts squeezed into the giant shields, the space was definitely not enough. Everyone was almost squeezing and standing close to each other. There was not much room for movement.
After being pierced by the arrows, everyone looked at each other, only to see that the four of them were still standing there, motionless …
There was a small hole on the foreheads of these four people. Obviously, the black light that shot out just now had directly penetrated their foreheads!
The four of them were all Divine Ocean Realm experts and had the souls of the Battle Soul Realm. However, the arrow was too powerful. After penetrating their heads and entering their minds, it directly shattered their souls!
"Plop, plop, plop …"
After their souls were shattered, their bodies became ownerless and fell to the ground directly.
Huo Chen and King Yan's eyes were filled with great fear. The two of them were standing on the spot where the arrow had penetrated. If it weren't for Luo Zheng who pulled them away, the black light would have penetrated their minds. At this moment, their souls would have been turned into ashes!
"What, what the hell is this?"
"That statue, that human-shaped statue! His arrow can penetrate the shield! "
"What should we do? We can't move fast. We are moving targets … "
Four powerful warriors of the Spirit Sea Realm were killed by this one arrow. How could the others not be flustered?
The key was that everyone was trapped in the "box" formed by the giant shields. The space was limited and there was no room for them to dodge.
Unless they abandoned the "box". The problem was that if they abandoned the "box", they would have to face the endless "arrows" outside. They wouldn't be able to survive either!
＝＝＝＝＝

Chapter 883
Now, everyone was stuck in a dilemma. They couldn't retreat, but they couldn't advance!
The faces of the four rulers were so gloomy that it seemed as if water could drip from them.
"What is that?" Luo Zheng squinted his eyes and asked.
Zhou Huang shook his head, "I've never seen it before. It has never appeared before!"
The Tianfeng War Emperor frowned and said, "Moreover, that human statue has intelligence. It knows that we are occupying the corpse, so the arrow is aimed at the head!"
Everyone was occupying the corpse. Now, they were equivalent to zombies, but zombies with souls.
If the arrow pierced through the corpse, there would only be a hole. It wouldn't cause any fatal damage, and there wouldn't be any blood flowing out.
But if the arrow pierced through the head, it wouldn't be good. Under the high speed arrow, the soul would be shattered!
Looking at the power of the arrow, it could even pierce through shields made of Divine Origin Magnetic Stones. Even the supreme being corpses occupied by the four rulers couldn't resist such power.
"Ruler, what should we do? Let's retreat! "
"Ruler, quickly think of a way …"
Some of the Divine Sea Realm masters were already panicking. On the contrary, although Huo Chen and the others were afraid, they didn't speak. Huo Yun 'er and the other younger generation martial artists knew that they couldn't change anything. They could only listen to their father and hope that he could come up with a solution.
But what could the four rulers do?
Battle Emperor Yu the Great, Zhou Huang, and the Sky Fortune Kingdom's Monarch all had impatient expressions on their faces. They had finally managed to seize the corpse on the thirteenth level with great difficulty. They were originally prepared to show off their strength in the Heavenly Star Mystic Realm, but before they even entered the Heavenly Star Mystic Realm, they had already encountered such trouble. Was there anything more depressing than this in the world?
At this time, the Tianfeng War Emperor shouted, "Let's go! Let's rush over! We can only rush over. The statue shouldn't be able to move! Everyone, keep your eyes on the giant shield and charge! "
As the ruler of a country, even if he couldn't think of a solution, he still had the courage to make a prompt decision. The Tianfeng War Emperor didn't know if his guess was correct. It was very likely that his order would lead to more deaths. However, no matter what decision he made, it was better than having a group of people standing here as targets!
When the Divine Ocean Realm experts heard the Tianfeng War Emperor's words, they no longer hesitated. Carrying the shields around them, they began to jog towards the Saint Realm!
Everyone was trapped in this "box". Even if they increased their speed, it wouldn't be particularly fast. However, it was still a lot faster than before.
However, at this moment, a Divine Sea Realm warrior pointed at the sea and said, "Look, that guy!"
As the Divine Sea Realm warrior pointed, the human-shaped statue leaped up and stepped on the surface of the sea to move.
"He actually followed me! And it can move in the sea … "A Spirit Sea Realm warrior shouted helplessly.
"He nocked the bow, he nocked the bow! Everyone be careful! "
Under everyone's gaze, the humanoid statue once again pulled out a black arrow from its back and lightly nocked it on the dark golden longbow. Once again, it aimed at this side.
Just a moment ago, everyone was still able to jog together. Now that they saw the humanoid statue aiming at them again, everyone began to panic. Originally, they were already very courageous inside the "box". Now that everyone was scrambling to avoid the statue, they became even more crowded!
"Everyone, calm down! You useless things, don't be too presumptuous! "The Tianfeng War Emperor suddenly roared.
The War Emperor's anger had some effect. Everyone calmed down a little. Then, the Tianfeng War Emperor said, "Everyone, spread out. Try not to squeeze together. If you squeeze together, more people will die!"
If everyone spread out, the arrow shot by the humanoid statue wouldn't be able to pierce through so many people so easily. However, if they squeezed together, the situation would be different. One arrow could probably kill five or six people, or even more.
Just as everyone spread out according to the Tianfeng War Emperor's order, another black light shot out from the humanoid statue's dark golden longbow!
"Sou — Pa, pa, pa!"
When the black light was first shot out, its strength didn't seem to be particularly terrifying. Its speed was only slightly faster than the arrow smeared with Dragon Arsenic. However, as it flew through the air, it would explode three times in a row. Each time it exploded, its speed and strength would more than double. After the third explosion, the speed and strength of the arrow had reached an extremely terrifying level!
The black light disappeared in front of everyone's eyes. Then, two small holes appeared on the giant shield.
Everyone looked at themselves and finally focused their attention on a Divine Ocean Realm expert. A small hole appeared on his forehead. Then, with a plop, he fell to the ground.
"Only one died this time," Zhou Huang murmured.
"There's still a long way to go before the Saint's Path. Even if we rush over, most of us will die!"
"The situation will be the same if we retreat!"
"Then what should we do?"
Although the second arrow only killed one person, many Divine Ocean Realm experts had fallen into a state of despair.
It couldn't be said that these Divine Ocean Realm experts were afraid of death. They had endured for so many years and finally, one day, they could open the path to ascension. But now, they had to face such a desperate situation. One could imagine how they felt at this moment!
"Send someone out to deal with that statue!" The Tianfeng War Emperor said in a deep voice.
"But the Saint's Path is next to the sea. We can't use True Yuan and can't fly!" A Divine Ocean Realm expert said.
As soon as he finished speaking, everyone's eyes fell on Luo Zheng!
Everyone knew that Luo Zheng was the only one who possessed a physical body. Previously, he had used True Yuan to fly. Moreover, his physical body was at the Divine Realm. Right now, their only hope was on him!
However, outside of the giant shield, they still had to face the rain of arrows. It was also very dangerous for Luo Zheng to go out.
Seeing that everyone was looking at him, he blinked his golden eyes and smiled faintly. "It seems that I have to go and destroy that statue!"
The Tianfeng War Emperor stared at Luo Zheng with burning eyes and said, "Luo Tianxing! If you can save us this time, you will be a great benefactor of the four Divine Kingdoms! In the future, if … "
Luo Zheng waved his hand and stopped the Tianfeng War Emperor. He said calmly, "We are all in the same boat in the Heavenly Star Secret Realm. Saving you is also saving myself. No need to say more. Open the giant shield!"
All the Divine Ocean Realm experts looked at Luo Zheng with grateful eyes.
Who could have imagined that this little guy was merely a representative of the Black Jade Martial House at the West Dragon River. After that, he used his formidable strength to crush the younger generation warriors of the same level. After entering the Sky Feather Sacred Ocean, he played a huge role. Now, he had become the only life-saving straw in everyone's hands!
At this moment, other than gratitude, they could only sigh.
The two Divine Sea Realm Almighties opened the buckle on the edge of the giant shield, and only a small crack appeared. Feng Nianyun's petite body was able to squeeze through the crack easily.
However, Luo Zheng didn't pay attention to the size of his chest. His chest rubbed against the shield, which caused Feng Nianyun to complain in his Inner World!
Of course, Luo Zheng chose to ignore her complaints …
"Crack!"
After letting Luo Zheng out, the two Divine Ocean Realm experts locked the giant shield together. That black light was fatal, and so were the other "rapid arrows"!
As soon as Luo Zheng left the protection of the "box", seven or eight blue arrows shot toward him. In a flash, they were only a few feet away from Luo Zheng.
"Go!"
Luo Zheng had already circulated his True Yuan. How terrifying was the speed of a Divine Ocean Realm expert? In almost the blink of an eye, Luo Zheng left his original spot and shot high up in the sky!
Because he didn't control his True Yuan and strength well, he jumped up to a height of five to six thousand feet …
"Be careful. If you are hit by an arrow, it will be troublesome to deal with the Dragon Arsenic!" Feng Nianyun's voice came from his Inner World again.

Chapter 884
This Dragon Bloodline Archer was actually a puppet. However, it was made to be the purest archer!
The moment the puppet's eyes locked onto Luo Zheng, he suddenly felt very uncomfortable. It was as if he was a sheep being stared at by a wolf, and Luo Zheng was that sheep!
"Will you die if you get shot by that guy?" Luo Zheng suddenly asked.
Luo Zheng was also curious about how powerful the body of a Divine Realm warrior was. It was even more powerful than a Divine Ocean Realm warrior!
However, Feng Nianyun angrily said, "Nonsense! This Dragon Bloodline Archer's bow is only a Semi-Divine Weapon, the Rising Sun Dragon Bow. However, the arrow on its back is a genuine Divine Weapon! How can I block it with my body! "
"A Divine Weapon Arrow …" Luo Zheng's face flashed with astonishment. This Dragon Bloodline Clan was indeed an eighth-rank Holy Land. Just a puppet guard could use a Divine Weapon Arrow. No wonder the black arrow was so sharp.
At this moment, the uncomfortable feeling on Luo Zheng's body began to escalate. Waves of cold air came from Luo Zheng's back!
Above the golden sea, the Dragon Bloodline Archer had already nocked the black arrow on the longbow and aimed at him. Obviously, it wanted to kill him directly.
Luo Zheng slightly narrowed his eyes. When he was about to rush down, Feng Nianyun, who was directly inside his body, said, "Are you going to rush over just like that? Are you going to kill him with your True Essence and my body? "
"What else can I do?" Luo Zheng said.
With a Divine Realm body, Luo Zheng could crush a Divine Ocean Realm warrior just by using his True Essence and physical strength. Although the Dragon Bloodline Archer's puppet was sharp, with its advantage of speed, Luo Zheng wasn't particularly afraid of it.
"But open … Hey!" Feng Nianyun didn't finish her sentence before Luo Zheng had already dived down!
"Luo Zheng is attacking! He's rushing towards the human-shaped statue! "
"I hope we can kill that human-shaped statue in one fell swoop. God bless us!"
"Hmph, the heavens bless you my ass. If the heavens bless you, do you think there would still be a Heavenly Tribulation?"
"That statue is also aiming at Luo Zheng. I hope it doesn't hit him …"
All the Divine Sea Realm warriors looked up at the sky through the huge shields. They saw the agile figure of the "girl" diving down at an unimaginable speed!
The wind whistled past Luo Zheng's ears. His golden eyes were fixed on the Dragon Vein Archer below. He saw the Dragon Vein Archer's black arrow move slightly, and a black beam of light shot toward him!
"Whoosh …"
Just as the human-shaped sculpture loosened its grip, Luo Zheng's figure suddenly swayed, spiraling into a strange trapezoid in the air.
"Pa pa pa!"
After three consecutive explosions, the black arrow shot toward Luo Zheng at a terrifying speed!
One arrow, one person, crisscrossed in the air. The arrow brushed past Luo Zheng's ear, and the turbulent airflow caused by the arrow scraped against Luo Zheng's face. Even though he had a body of the Divine Realm, he still felt a sharp pain on his cheek!
"Be careful!" Feng Nianyun said angrily. Although her soul was sealed and she couldn't control her body, it was still her body after all.
"Sorry, your face is too tender." Luo Zheng grinned. As soon as he sent out his consciousness, he was already close to the Dragon Vein Archer.
At this time, countless blue arrows flew past the trajectory of Luo Zheng's dive. Those ordinary blue arrows were far slower than Luo Zheng's flying speed …
Although this Dragon Vein Archer was a puppet, its intelligence seemed to be extremely strong. When it saw Luo Zheng approaching it at an incredible speed, it suddenly retreated to the side.
At this time, Luo Zheng realized that this Dragon Vein Archer couldn't fly, and it didn't rely on its true essence to stand on the surface of the sea. Under this layer of the sea, there were stone pillars. The sea level just happened to submerge these stone pillars, so it seemed that this guy could walk on the surface of the sea!
As it retreated, it jumped from one stone pillar to another. From afar, it looked like a dragonfly skimming the surface of the water, walking on the sea.
How could Luo Zheng let this guy go?
The biggest taboo of an archer was to be approached by others. Since Luo Zheng had already approached, he naturally wouldn't let him pull away from him.
"Da da da …"
The two bounced rapidly on the surface of the water. Luo Zheng's legs suddenly tensed up, and his whole body flew out nimbly. The true essence in his hand began to circulate, condensing into a thin blade!
This was just temporary. However, the True Essence of the Extreme Divinity Realm was far more powerful than that of the Divine Sea Realm and the Life and Death Realm. This True Essence already contained the rules of Nianyun's inner world. Although he could only visualize a thin blade, it was enough for him to use here!
Seeing that it couldn't get rid of Luo Zheng, the Dragon Vein Archer kept retreating. Suddenly, it stood firmly on a stone pillar under the sea and stomped hard with one foot. A golden wave splashed out, disrupting Luo Zheng's vision!
Taking advantage of this gap, the Dragon Vein Archer drew an arrow and nocked the bow again. The whole movement was completed in the blink of an eye. It was smooth and skillful. He actually wanted to shoot Luo Zheng at close range!
And Luo Zheng, flying horizontally, was only three feet away from the Dragon Vein Archer. When the wave splashed down, he was facing the Dragon Vein Archer directly. His golden pupils stared at the black arrow head, and his small eyebrows wrinkled slightly.
"Quack quack, go … die …"
The Dragon Vein Archer opened its mouth and spoke! And it spoke the language of the human race!
As soon as the voice fell, the bowstring suddenly loosened, and the black light shot toward Luo Zheng's face again.
Luo Zheng's reaction was not slow. His head only slightly tilted, and the black light flashed past his ear again. At the same time, a faint smile appeared on his face. He responded, "You won't die so easily!"
The terrifying thing about this black light was that it accelerated three times in the air. After three explosions, the power of this divine artefact level arrow was enough to kill a warrior of the Ultimate Divine Realm. However, the black arrow that had just left the longbow was not enough to threaten Luo Zheng in terms of speed or power.
"Swoosh!"
The arrow did not hit Luo Zheng. He directly waved the longbow in his hand, using the bowstring as a blade, and slashed at Luo Zheng's neck!
However, Luo Zheng reached out and pinched. Feng Nianyun's delicate fingers pinched the bowstring perfectly!
"Puff!"
Although she pinched it, blood still bloomed on her finger. Her finger was cut by the bowstring.
"Hey! Can you be normal? This is my physical body! " Feng Nianyun complained again. Luo Zheng did not cherish her body at all. If Luo Zheng was not seventh grandpa's subordinate, she would definitely pull Luo Zheng's soul into her inner world again and ravage it!
Luo Zheng's body was invulnerable, but he was used to using such a barbaric method to subdue his enemies. He forgot that although Feng Nianyun was a warrior of the Ultimate Divine Realm, her body was still made of flesh and blood.
He didn't pay any attention to Feng Nianyun. Instead, he suddenly drew and released the bowstring at lightning speed!
Before the Dragon Bloodline Archer could react, the bowstring bounced back. As the bowstring let out a strange sound, the surrounding sea rippled like fish scales. Then, the Dragon Bloodline Archer froze on the spot.
A thin line appeared on its neck. Its scarlet eyes stared at Luo Zheng. After a while, its head slowly slid off its neck.
The cut on its neck was very smooth. It was unknown what material the Dragon Bloodline Archer was made of. It felt like some kind of jade, but the texture was very soft. His mind slid to the stone pillar below the sea. Luo Zheng planned to take the bow and arrows!
A semi-divine tool and a bag of divine arrows. Luo Zheng would not waste them by throwing them into the sea.
However, just as Luo Zheng reached out his hand, the Dragon Bloodline Archer's body suddenly moved. Although it had lost its head, the Dragon Bloodline Archer's movements were still very agile. It instantly pulled out a black arrow from its back and was about to stab Luo Zheng's head!
However, it waved the arrow and was only halfway done. With an explosion, the headless puppet finally stopped moving.
Luo Zheng raised his foot with a faint smile on his face. The Dragon Bloodline Archer's head had been crushed by his foot.

Chapter 885
Translator: EndlessFantasy Translation Editor: EndlessFantasy Translation
This puppet wasn't a human. Luo Zheng wasn't stupid enough to think that he could kill it by cutting off its neck.
However, after stomping on its head, the puppet couldn't move at all. It just stood there on the stone pillar in a daze.
At this time, Luo Zheng calmly took out his dark golden longbow. This longbow was as tall as a person. The dark golden lines faintly revealed a mysterious aura. The bowstring of this longbow was made of an unknown material. Although it was thin and weak, it was extremely flexible. Luo Zheng had cut Feng Nianyun's finger when he casually pinched it.
"A semi-divine tool. Too bad it's a bow." Luo Zheng had never used a bow before. However, this type of long-range weapon often had miraculous effects.
After looking at it for a while, Luo Zheng reached out again and took out the quiver on the puppet's back.
"Arrows of the divine tool level!"
These arrows didn't have any special abilities. However, the power that was shot just now was extremely terrifying. Not only could it easily kill a Divine Sea Realm expert, but it could also easily penetrate a huge shield made of Divine Magnetic Stone.
According to Feng Nianyun, even if her body was hit, she wouldn't be spared!
"It's a pity that there aren't many arrows." Luo Zheng looked at the quiver. There were only about eight black arrows in the quiver.
Although these black arrows were God-tier weapons, they were like the Heavenly Thunder Halberd, a one-time consumable item. Every time one was used up, there would be one less. Thus, these eight black arrows could only be used eight times.
However, the moment Luo Zheng reached out and touched the quiver, his eyes suddenly flashed. He felt the aura of the Space Law.
"Sumeru Space?"
Normally, the Sumeru Space would have to recognize its owner. However, this Dragon Bloodline Archer was only a puppet. Luo Zheng easily erased the mark on it. Then, he reached his consciousness into it to investigate. Immediately, Luo Zheng's face was filled with surprise.
Within the Sumeru Space of the quiver, there were hundreds of black arrows densely packed together!
Not only were there black arrows, but there were also two other types of arrows. One type of arrow had a small ghost head embedded in it, and it was completely red. The other type of arrow was dark green, and it seemed to contain a strong aura of life. It was unknown what the effects of each arrow were.
"Whoosh …"
While Luo Zheng was investigating, several more arrows with blue light trailing behind them shot towards Luo Zheng.
Luo Zheng's figure flashed nimbly and once again returned to his original position. However, the two arrows that contained Dragon Arsenic had already lost their aim and fell into the golden sea.
This was not the place to search for treasures. After Luo Zheng quickly put the dark golden longbow and quiver into his Sumeru Ring, his figure flashed and flew high into the air, once again embarking on the Saint's Road.
"Whoosh whoosh whoosh whoosh whoosh …"
Although Luo Zheng had killed the Dragon Bloodline Archer Puppet, there were still countless dragon statues rising and falling around him, constantly shooting out blue arrows!
Most of these blue arrows landed on the giant shield, and Luo Zheng's figure quickly shuttled back and forth, so not a single arrow hit him.
"Open the giant shield!"
Seeing that Luo Zheng had not only killed the humanoid puppet, but also returned safely, the Extreme Realm Monarch's face revealed an expression of great joy! He ordered them to open the giant shield and let Luo Zheng in.
However, Luo Zheng only waved his hand and said indifferently, "You guys continue forward. I'll just fly at a high altitude."
With the fleshly body of an Ultimate Divine Stage expert, apart from the black arrows of the Dragon Bloodline Archer, ordinary blue arrows were no threat to Luo Zheng. Naturally, there was no need for him to stay in the narrow space of the giant shield.
Therefore, under the command of the Tianfeng War Emperor, the "box" formed by the giant shield continued to withstand the rain of arrows and advanced on the Path of the Saint. However, this time, the speed was much faster.
Luo Zheng's figure rose and floated high in the sky. By maintaining this height, he could avoid the rain of arrows from the dragon statues. Standing there, Luo Zheng could see that the narrow Path of the Saint extended into the distance. At the end of the Path of the Saint was actually a giant hole!
This was an extremely strange scene.
When the seawater reached the end of the Saint's Path of the Saint, it stopped flowing. It was as if an invisible force had spread out and blocked all the seawater. Not a single drop of seawater could enter the Path of the Saint. Therefore, it was equivalent to forming an ocean abyss!
"Is the Heavenly Star Secret Realm within this ocean abyss?" Seeing this scene, Luo Zheng sighed in his heart. He didn't know how the Dragon Bloodline Clan did it. They were actually able to stop the flow of seawater!
Luo Zheng wasn't clear about the depth of the abyss. However, he maintained a height of 10,000 feet. From his angle, he still couldn't see the bottom of the abyss.
However, he wasn't in a hurry. He leisurely floated in the air and waited for the small box below to slowly move. At the same time, he was on guard against the appearance of other Dragon Bloodline Archers. However, it seemed that there was only one Dragon Bloodline Archer. After that, no new Dragon Bloodline Archers were born. Therefore, the rest of the Path of the Saint became simple.
When they reached the second half of the Path of the Saint, the number of arrows began to decrease. When they reached one-fifth of the Path of the Saint, the almighty Divine Ocean Realm experts directly put away their giant shields.
Without the threat of arrows, this group of warriors madly ran along the Path of the Saint. In just a few dozen breaths of time, they had already reached the end of the Path of the Saint. Luo Zheng also slowly descended.
At the end of the Path of the Saint was a fan-shaped platform. In the middle of the platform, there was a path embedded in the abyss at a 90-degree angle.
The seawater surged all the way to the sides of the platform and slowly flowed downward at a 90-degree angle. Everyone was standing at the top of the cliff formed by the seawater!
"How do we proceed? Do we jump down? "Luo Zheng asked.
The Tianfeng War Emperor faintly smiled and said, "Just follow me!"
After saying that, he unexpectedly walked to the edge of the platform. Below the platform was a bottomless abyss. Because the Tianfeng War Emperor was occupying the corpse, he couldn't use his true essence to fly. If he took this step, he would definitely fall into the abyss. However, he confidently took this step.
The moment the Tianfeng War Emperor took this step, a strange scene occurred.
He didn't directly fall. Instead, he stood on the vertical path.
From Luo Zheng's perspective, the Tianfeng War Emperor seemed to have grown suction cups on his feet. He stood horizontally below him and his feet were sucked into the path.
The other Spirit Sea Realm warriors also took the same step. All of them changed their angles and stood on the vertical path that led downwards …
Seeing this scene, Luo Zheng also took a step forward. When Luo Zheng walked toward the abyss, he suddenly felt a drastic change in the surrounding gravity. Like the others, he didn't fall into the abyss. Instead, he naturally stood on the vertical path.
From Luo Zheng's perspective, it was as if he was standing on a huge circular hole. In this circular hole, besides the path under his feet, there was golden seawater above his head, to his left, and to his right.
"The Dragon Bloodline Clan is good. They actually changed the gravity of this world and built their core Sacred Land in this place!" Luo Zheng couldn't help but sigh. No wonder the seawater flowed downward. After the gravity here was changed, the direction of the seawater flow naturally changed.
Hearing Luo Zheng's sigh, Zhou Huang smiled and said, "There are many magical places in the Heavenly Chen Mystery Territory. However, there are also some dangerous places. It's better to be careful, especially after we reach the Heavenly Chen Sacred Land. Listen to the command and don't act rashly."
Luo Zheng nodded and looked into the distance. The path under their feet extended once again. There was a huge city standing in front of them.
That was the Heavenly Chen Sacred Land …
The eighth-rank Sacred Land of the Dragon Bloodline Clan was called the Heavenly Chen Sacred Land. However, after the Dragon Bloodline Clan was destroyed, the Sacred Land naturally became a Secret Territory for them to explore.
There was no danger at the moment. The Divine Sea Realm experts, as well as Luo Zheng, and the others, followed the path under their feet and rushed toward the Heavenly Chen Sacred Land!
The path was only about 50 to 60 miles long. Under this speed, they arrived in front of the Sacred Land in less than half an hour. At the end of the path was an arched gate. The entire arch of the gate was also formed by a dragon sculpture.
After passing through this arched gate, they would enter the Heavenly Chen Mystery Territory. However, the dragon sculpture on the arched gate was glaring at them with red eyes. It seemed that this gate wasn't easy to cross.
＝＝＝＝＝

Chapter 886
Luo Zheng stared at the arched door of the Heavenly Star Secret Territory without saying a word.
Without a doubt, the arched door was hiding something. It wouldn't be easy to pass through. However, it wasn't the first time that the four Divine Emperors had entered and exited the Heavenly Star Secret Territory. They must have a way to deal with it.
Zhou Huang and the Tianfeng War Monarch walked out at this moment. They didn't rush through the arched door. Instead, they walked to the two sides of the arched door.
The two of them took out two red dragon-shaped keys from their respective Sumeru Rings at the same time and inserted them into the small holes on both sides of the arched door. The two of them looked at each other and nodded slightly. Then, at the same time, they turned the dragon-shaped keys.
"Kacha!"
Everyone heard the sound of a mechanism being opened. Zhou Huang and the Tianfeng War Monarch stepped back at the same time. Then, the huge arched door slowly rotated!
After the dragon-shaped arched door rotated three times, the red light in the eyes of the dragon statue at the top of the arched door quietly extinguished. Then, a ray of green light rose from the dragon's eyes and a portal appeared in the middle of the arched door.
Seeing the portal suddenly appear, Luo Zheng was slightly stunned. His eyes revealed a strange expression.
The Heavenly Star Secret Territory was behind the portal. Why did they have to go through the portal? Wasn't it superfluous?
Zhou Huang noticed Luo Zheng's strange expression and explained, "The Heavenly Star Holy Land you see is only an illusion. It is filled with murderous intent. If you enter it, you will die! Back then, many people from the four Divine Kingdoms entered it and lost a lot of people. "
"Illusion …"
Luo Zheng stared at the lifelike city in front of him. Luo Zheng suddenly realized that the Heavenly Star Holy Land had created such a huge illusion in order to confuse the intruders. If one entered the illusion without knowing anything, they would only have a slim chance of survival.
"Only through this portal can we enter the real Heavenly Star Secret Territory. The portal is already open. Let's go in." After Zhou Huang finished speaking, the Divine Sea Realm experts entered the portal one by one.
Luo Zheng nodded and followed the others into the portal.
After a short space transmission, a blue city appeared in Luo Zheng's vision.
The entire city seemed to have been carved out of crystal. The edges of the large and small buildings were emitting streaks of blue crystal light. The entire city was like an illusion in someone's dream, giving people an extremely unreal feeling.
"So beautiful!" Huo Yuner couldn't help but exclaim when she saw the Heavenly Stellar Holy Land.
Beside him, King Yan nodded and said, "It is indeed beautiful. Compared to the illusory realm I saw earlier, I believe that this is an illusory realm!"
After stopping at the entrance of the Heavenly Stellar Holy Land for a short while, the group proceeded along the main road of the city.
In the past, the seven Divine Kingdoms and the Heavenly Stellar Holy Land were born at almost the same time. At the very beginning, the humans of the Dragon Bloodline didn't interfere with each other's business.
In the beginning, the two races did not know of each other's existence.
However, as the number of powerhouses between the Divine Kingdoms and the Holy Lands increased, the Dragon Bloodline Clan's martial artists began to expand beyond the Sky Feather Sacred Sea. As for the seven Divine Kingdoms' martial artists, they began to explore the Sky Feather Sacred Sea.
It was at this time that the two races began to come into contact.
When the human race and the Dragon Bloodline Clan first came into contact, they were able to maintain a friendly relationship. However, this friendship only lasted for less than ten years.
The barriers between the two races caused the Dragon Bloodline Clan and the human race to quickly turn hostile. What followed was a war that lasted for tens of thousands of years.
During this war, the strength of the seven Divine Kingdoms and the Dragon Bloodline Clan rose rapidly.
Even though the Heavenly Stellar Holy Land fought against the seven Divine Kingdoms alone, they did not fall into a disadvantageous position. On the contrary, the seven Divine Kingdoms had always been suppressed by the Heavenly Stellar Holy Land.
The most important reason for this was that the Heavenly Stellar Holy Land had the Rising Dragon Platform! Almost every Dragon Bloodline Clan in the lower realm had their own Rising Dragon Platform!
One had to know that only Divine Sea Realm powerhouses could enter the Ascension Passage and ascend to the upper realm. However, with the Rising Dragon Platform, living beings could break free from this restriction and send their younger generation martial artists to the upper realm to train!
When Luo Zheng had gone through the Rising Dragon Platform and returned to the lower realm, he had crushed all the geniuses in the Central Domain. The Rising Dragon Platform had been of great help to Luo Zheng.
Because of this, the Heavenly Stellar Holy Land developed much faster than the seven Divine Kingdoms. By the time the seven Divine Kingdoms had become quasi-seventh-grade forces, the Heavenly Stellar Holy Land had already become an eighth-grade Holy Land.
Seeing the Heavenly Stellar Holy Land develop faster and faster, it was only a matter of time before it annexed the entire Divine Kingdom Continent. However, the human race of the upper realm had opened a reverse spirit channel through the Secret Sect. Afterwards, the human race of the upper realm had continuously sent aid to the seven Divine Kingdoms.
After opening the reverse spirit channel, the seven Divine Kingdoms finally had the conditions to fight against the Heavenly Stellar Holy Land. Thus, this magnificent war finally began!
In the history of the seven Divine Kingdoms, this war was known as the "Dragon Slaying War". The entire war lasted for over a hundred years. In the end, three of the seven Divine Kingdoms were destroyed and the Heavenly Stellar Holy Land sacrificed the lives of all the living beings in the Holy Land to seal the Heavenly Feather Sacred Sea.
There were countless treasures buried in the Heavenly Stellar Holy Land. In order to obtain these treasures, the four Divine Kingdoms had investigated for countless years and countless people had died in the Heavenly Feather Sacred Sea.
After countless attempts, they had opened the three great secret realms and obtained the method to enter the Heavenly Stellar Holy Land.
After absorbing the inheritance of the Heavenly Stellar Holy Land, the four Divine Kingdoms had rapidly developed. However, because of the "Dragon Slaying War", the ascension channel was destroyed. No one in the Great Thousand World could ascend and many Divine Sea Realm experts were trapped in the lower realm.
Therefore, whenever the Divine Sea Realm experts mentioned this matter, they would angrily complain. They would rather not have the Dragon Slaying War and would rather not have the inheritance of the Dragon Bloodline. They only wished that the ascension channel was not destroyed.
After all, so what if they obtained many benefits in the Heavenly Stellar Secret Realm? In the end, they could only stay in the Divine Sea Realm. When their lifespan ran out, they could only turn into a pile of dirt. There was no chance for them to ascend!
This was the past of the Heavenly Stellar Holy Land …
Now, the entire Heavenly Stellar Holy Land seemed to have been frozen in time. The windows of the buildings were not closed and the doors were wide open. Some flying chariots were scattered on the roofs.
Back then, the Dragon Bloodline Clan held the mentality that they would rather die than live in dishonor. When they sacrificed billions of lives, most of the clansmen were unaware of it. After the blood sacrifice began, it only took a breath's time for all the clansmen to turn into a cloud of blood mist. Not even their bones were left. Slowly, the golden power of the blood sacrifice slowly settled and spread throughout the entire Heavenly Feather Sacred Sea.
Then, countless years of dust covered the land. The four Divine Kingdoms gradually explored the Heavenly Stellar Secret Realm from the outside to the inside.
"Pata, pata, pata …"
Although there were close to eighty to ninety cultivators from the four Divine Kingdoms, walking in the empty Heavenly Stellar Holy Land was still very spacious. The echoes of their footsteps made the juniors especially vigilant.
Seeing the nervous expressions of Huo Yuner, Huo Chen, and the others, the Tianfeng War Emperor chuckled and said, "Child, don't be afraid. The trouble of the Heavenly Stellar Holy Land is not here. The entire Heavenly Stellar Holy Land is just an empty city. We have been in and out so many times and have not encountered any living creatures."
Indeed, because of the power of the blood sacrifice, there were no living creatures in the entire Heavenly Feather Sacred Sea. Whether it was the sea or the three secret realms, Luo Zheng had only found this body when he entered. In other words, Feng Nianyun could be considered a living creature.
However, because of the Soul Seal, Feng Nianyun's soul was separated from her body. To a certain extent, she was equivalent to a living corpse.
"En!" Huo Yuner nodded with a smile. This empty Heavenly Stellar Holy Land did give her an inexplicable pressure. She could not help but feel nervous. However, just as she nodded, she suddenly heard a faint sound. It was like a beast chewing on a bone.
"Kakakaka …"

Chapter 887
Huo Yuner revealed a puzzled expression.
She believed her father's words. The entire Tianchen Holy Land should be an empty city. There shouldn't be anything else here.
However, she didn't know why, but after she entered the Tianchen Holy Land, her blood flowed faster. It was as if there was an invisible force that gave her a great pressure.
"What's wrong, Yuner?" The Tianfeng War Monarch asked with concern. Huo Yuner didn't look relieved at all. Instead, she looked even more nervous.
Huo Yuner's brown eyes trembled. Then, she said, "I think I heard something …"
"Hehe, sister, don't be too nervous!" Huo Chen comforted her.
Huo Yuner pursed her lips. Even though she was afraid, her father was standing beside her. There were so many Divine Sea Realm elders around. It shouldn't be too dangerous.
Therefore, she nodded and continued to follow behind. However, the nervous look on her face didn't ease by much.
Luo Zheng walked beside Huo Yuner. He looked at Huo Yuner's expression and frowned. Some people in this world had special senses. Huo Yuner had the blood of a descendant of the Phoenix Race. She might be able to feel something.
After walking for about seven or eight feet, Huo Yuner's body suddenly froze again!
"Ka ka cha cha …"
The sound of bones being gnawed was heard again!
This time, Huo Yuner suddenly turned her head and controlled her corpse to take a step forward. She looked over from the side of the street. Then, as if she was immobilized, she stood there motionless.
"Yuner!" Seeing Huo Yuner's reaction, the Tianfeng War Emperor furrowed his brows. His daughter had always been well-behaved. Although she was a little naive, as a martial artist, she wasn't a coward. If she was really a coward, she wouldn't have stood out to challenge Luo Zheng, who had defeated Hou Yuntao.
Many Divine Sea Realm experts looked at Huo Yuner with suspicion. No one knew what the Tianfeng War Monarch's daughter wanted to do.
"Ka ka cha cha …"
At this moment, a clear sound was heard.
Everyone could hear the sound of some kind of wild beast gnawing on bones in this spacious Holy Land.
If they were in a forest, this kind of situation would be very common. However, this was the Heavenly Stellar Holy Land. There were no living creatures in the Heavenly Feather Sacred Sea. This was the consensus of almost everyone. Although some people guessed that there might be some living creatures hidden in the Heavenly Stellar Secret Territory, these guesses were not the mainstream!
After all, the entire Heavenly Feather Sacred Ocean was surrounded by the power of blood sacrifice. What kind of living beings could survive in such a place?
"There …" Huo Yuner's eyes flashed with a strange light, and then she said, "I can feel it! I can feel its presence … "
Now that everyone had heard the sound, no one questioned Huo Yuner anymore. Thus, someone asked, "What is it?"
Who would have thought that Huo Yuner would suddenly tremble. The blood in her dark red lips suddenly receded, and her lips became deathly pale. "It is my nemesis, my nemesis!"
Hearing this, many Divine Sea Realm warriors felt their eyelids twitching.
Nemesis?
What nemesis did the human race have?
In the Upper Realm, the human race had many enemies. However, no race could stop the expansion of the human race. Although there were millions of races in the Hundred Thousand Great Worlds, each race had their own characteristics. There was no lack of races that were naturally powerful, such as the Yao Night Clan and the Demon Race.
However, the human race was expanding the fastest. So far, they had occupied nearly ten thousand great worlds. They were almost invincible!
Then what was the nemesis that Huo Yuner spoke of?
While everyone was puzzled, Luo Zheng's eyes flashed. At this moment, Feng Nianyun's divine sense came from his inner world. "This woman has the bloodline of the True Phoenix Clan, right?"
"Yes. What do you know?" Luo Zheng asked. With Feng Nianyun's insight, it was normal for her to see that Huo Yuner was a descendant of the Phoenix Clan.
Feng Nianyun replied indifferently, "Since ancient times, dragons and phoenixes have fought. As the two supreme divine beasts of the universe, the True Dragon and True Phoenix have fought for countless eons. If she felt a nemesis, it should be the existence of a True Dragon."
"A True Dragon!"
Luo Zheng frowned. Although the souls of the Nine True Dragons existed in Luo Zheng's mind, he had never seen a true True Dragon.
However, why would a True Dragon appear in such a small Great Thousand World? If it was an adult True Dragon, its body would be thousands of miles long. How could such a True Dragon exist in this Heavenly Star Secret Realm?
Feng Nianyun said indifferently, "Maybe the Ancestral Dragon egg hatched. However, this Ancestral Dragon … shouldn't be." Feng Nianyun was also puzzled. After all, she was only speculating. Moreover, some of her speculations seemed contradictory.
While everyone was puzzled, the Tianfeng War Emperor asked, "Yuner, your nemesis? What nemesis do you have? "
Huo Yuner shook her head. Her body continued to tremble as if she was in a world of ice and snow. "I, I'm not sure. I only have a vague feeling that it's very scary!"
At this moment, Luo Zheng walked in front of Huo Yuner. He stared at Huo Yuner with his golden eyes and asked, "Is it a dragon?"
Hearing Luo Zheng's words, Huo Yuner's eyes flashed with fear. Originally, she had a vague feeling of this fear. However, Luo Zheng's words were like a candle in the darkness. Instantly, her perception became clear. "Yes, it's a dragon. That dragon is extraordinary!"
"Ancestral Dragon!"
"Could it be that the Ancestral Dragon egg has hatched?"
"This is troublesome. Didn't they say that the Ancestral Dragon egg can't be hatched? Let's go back. The appearance of the Ancestral Dragon … I'm afraid this Great Thousand World will collapse! "
As soon as Huo Yuner finished speaking, those Divine Sea Realm powerhouses followed her train of thought and naturally guessed that it was the Ancestral Dragon egg!
Their goal was indeed the Ancestral Dragon egg. The problem was that they just wanted to take away the egg, not a living dragon. It was said that the Ancestral Dragon was related to the entire True Dragon Clan. Even if it had just hatched, its strength wouldn't be weak. How could these Divine Sea Realm powerhouses touch it?
Just as these Divine Sea Realm powerhouses were about to retreat, that sound suddenly rang out again.
"Kacha, kacha, kacha, kacha …"
The voice was extremely clear, and it came from the side of the street. Not long after, everyone saw a black thing appear at the corner of the street. Everyone looked over and saw a small black dragon-shaped monster biting a piece of snow-white bone in its mouth, constantly gnawing on it.
This black dragon-shaped monster wasn't big. It had a dragon's head and a short body. Just by looking at its head, it looked like a small dragon. However, there was a pair of snow-white slender fangs on both sides of its mouth!
"Dragon?"
"Is this a dragon? How can a dragon look like this?"
"Even if it's a dragon, there's nothing to be afraid of …"
Everyone was also frightened by the sound, but when they saw the small dragon-shaped monster, their faces immediately showed signs of relief.
Although they were in possession of the corpse, their perception came from their souls. After a casual glance, they knew that this little thing wasn't very powerful.
"Hehe, Yuner, are you afraid of this little thing? I'll go and catch it for you! " A Divine Sea Realm powerhouse of the Tianfeng Kingdom suddenly rushed out and controlled the corpse to dash toward the small dragon-shaped monster at an extremely fast speed.
Seeing this, Luo Zheng shouted, "Don't go there!"
However, that Divine Sea Realm powerhouse was also very fast. He approached the dragon-shaped monster in an instant and reached out his hands, ready to catch it!
Right at this moment, the dragon-shaped monster suddenly raised its head and opened its huge mouth that was completely disproportionate to its body. Then, it roared at that Divine Sea Realm powerhouse. "Roar!"
A sound wave that was visible to the naked eye spread out. The sound of this dragon roar was completely out of proportion to that small dragon-shaped monster. Under the vibration of that sound wave, everyone covered their ears. At the same time, they saw that the upper half of that Divine Sea Realm warrior's body collapsed and turned into powder.

Chapter 888
Whoosh, whoosh, whoosh …
The blue crystal-like building disintegrated into dust and drifted away.
Everyone was dumbfounded. No one expected this dragon-shaped monster to be so harmless. It could barely be counted as a Level 2 or Level 3 beast.
However, this roar was able to turn a Divine Sea Realm cultivator's corpse into dust?
What on earth was this thing?
The Divine Sea Realm cultivator's soul was hidden in the corpse's mind. His entire upper body was shattered by this dragon's roar. His soul was probably destroyed as well.
"Catch that thing! I want to avenge Wu Xian! "A Divine Sea Realm cultivator was enraged. He dashed towards the dragon-shaped monster directly!
"Watch out! This little thing is strange! "
"Don't get hit by its roar!"
Although the effect of this dragon-shaped monster's roar was amazing and could kill a Divine Sea Realm cultivator as soon as it appeared, most of the warriors present were Divine Sea Realm cultivators. In their eyes, the dragon-shaped monster's roar was indeed powerful, but it wasn't particularly scary. Therefore, no one ran away.
However, as soon as the Divine Sea Realm warrior reached the front of the dragon-shaped monster, he took a slight step and turned around to rush back!
"Run! Run! "The Divine Sea Realm cultivator shouted at the crowd.
Everyone was confused at first, but then, they saw hundreds of dragon-shaped monsters suddenly appear in the alley on the side of the street.
One small thing wasn't hard to deal with. Although it was deadly, it wasn't hard to subdue. The problem was that hundreds of dragon-shaped monsters appeared at the same time. That was a problem …
The astonishment on everyone's faces instantly turned into fear. Following which, the Tianfeng War Emperor ordered, "Everyone, run!"
However, before he could finish his sentence, he realized that everyone around him had already fled. Even Luo Zheng had suddenly rushed forward!
Just as everyone rushed out along the main road, they heard the roars of dragons!
Dozens of sound waves roared out from the side of the alley, directly shattering ten crystalline buildings on the side into pieces. The power of this dragon-shaped monster's roar was simply too great.
Soon, these dragon-shaped monsters caught up to the main road. Each of the dragon-shaped monsters took a deep breath, as if they wanted to release that deadly sound wave again.
"Split up! Not here! Everyone, run to both sides and gather at the Linglong Lake! " At the Tianfeng War Emperor's command, all the Divine Sea Realm warriors split up and went into the streets on both sides of the street.
"Roar …"
Just as they entered the street, dozens of sound waves blasted at them. These sound waves came from different directions. The sound waves that were released into the sky did not have any effect. Some sound waves that were released at a lower angle directly plowed a gully in the main road!
As for the surrounding exquisite buildings, they were all destroyed by the sound waves!
"Sou!"
Luo Zheng frowned. He jumped up and stood on the roof of a building. He stared at the little beast, which was jumping around excitedly.
"Feng Nianyun, what are these things?" Luo Zheng asked.
The trip to the Tian Chen Secret Land this time seemed to be very unusual. Since Luo Zheng had started in the Feather Emperor Secret Land, the difficulty of the Slow Arrow Zone had been much higher than usual. Now, these strange things had appeared out of nowhere. He was also very confused.
Luo Zheng was not very clear about Feng Nianyun's identity. However, he was sure that she was from the Dragon Bloodline Clan. She should know about these things.
Feng Nianyun, who was floating in his body, shook her head. "These little monsters seem to have the bloodline of the True Dragon Clan. However, their bloodline is not pure. I can't tell what they are!"
At this moment, Luo Zheng, who was standing on the roof, attracted the attention of a dragon-shaped monster. That dragon-shaped monster flapped its wings, which were not very wide. It flapped along the roof and jumped toward Luo Zheng with amazing jumping ability. At the same time, it opened its mouth!
"Roar!"
An invisible sound wave attacked Luo Zheng.
Luo Zheng's golden eyes flashed slightly. His figure swayed slightly and avoided the sound wave. He appeared behind the dragon-shaped monster. Then, with a fierce elbow strike, he directly hit the dragon-shaped monster's abdomen.
"Whoosh …"
The dragon-shaped monster's body was directly sent flying upward by Luo Zheng!
The physical strength of the Ultimate Divine Realm was very terrifying. It was probably comparable to the strength of Luo Zheng's 4000 dragon scales. With this blow, it flew thousands of feet into the sky before slowly falling down.
"Pa!"
The dragon-shaped monster slammed heavily on the ground.
Luo Zheng frowned and stared at the little thing. Logically speaking, his elbow strike should have directly shattered this thing. However, not only did it not shatter, after falling to the ground, it actually flipped over and climbed up from the ground as if it was not injured at all!
"How is this possible?"
Even if Luo Zheng's body was a Saint Artifact, after being hit by Feng Nianyun's physical body, although it would not kill him, he would not be able to get up for a while!
As for those Divine Ocean Realm experts, after being hit by this blow, they would probably have already died. The higher the level of cultivation, the greater the gap between the Ultimate Divine Realm and the Divine Ocean Realm was.
"Let's go!"
Luo Zheng saw another seven or eight dragon-shaped monsters coming directly at him. His figure suddenly floated and flew forward.
Compared to the others, Luo Zheng was much more relaxed. After all, he was occupying a physical body, and it was a Ultimate Divine Realm body. The others were only occupying corpses that had been dead for many years. Since they could not fly, they could only rely on their corpses to run wildly on the ground.
"Roar …"
"Roar …"
"Roar …"
In the midst of these roars, the surrounding houses were constantly collapsing and collapsing!
Moreover, from time to time, they could hear miserable screams. Probably, many people had died in the roars of these dragon-shaped monsters.
"Help!"
Just as Luo Zheng was flying, he heard Huo Chen's voice.
He was being cornered by two dragon-shaped monsters. There was no way for him to escape!
"Scram, you lowlife!"
"Buzz buzz buzz …"
At this moment, the Tianfeng War Emperor let out a roar as two golden axes flew out from his hands.
He was occupying the body of Feng Zhan. The corpse's strength was already extremely terrifying. Under the Tianfeng War Emperor's rage, the golden axes that he threw out contained the power to split mountains!
"Bang! Bang!"
The axes were extremely fast. The two dragon-shaped monsters did not have any space to dodge and were directly hit by the axes. The enormous force sent the two dragon-shaped monsters crashing into a nearby building.
"Boom!"
Under the impact of the two axes, the building collapsed with a loud bang!
"Let's go!" The Tianfeng War Emperor carried Huo Chen and madly ran away. However, shortly after, the two small monsters that were hit by the axes crawled out from the collapsed building.
Frankly speaking, the dragon-shaped monsters did not have any advantage in terms of speed or strength. However, their physical bodies were terrifyingly tough!
Even a young True Dragon would not have such a strong physical body. The group was completely helpless against the dragon-shaped monsters. They could only run away.
Dozens of Divine Sea Realm experts flew through the Heavenly Stellar Holy Land, avoiding the dragon-shaped monsters' pursuit. Fortunately, the speed of these small monsters was not fast. Under the group's mad dash, they gradually escaped from the pursuit of these small monsters.
Soon, the group had crossed half of the Heavenly Stellar Holy Land. Finally, they arrived at the center of the Heavenly Stellar Holy Land, where they slowly gathered at the Exquisite Lake.
Everyone's faces were filled with anxiety. After entering the Heavenly Stellar Holy Land so many times, especially the Tianfeng War Emperor, they knew very well where the danger was and where the safety was.
In the main city of the Heavenly Stellar Holy Land, not only were there no living creatures, but even the most troublesome puppets did not exist. However, these dragon-shaped monsters had mysteriously appeared this time. This was definitely not a good sign.
Huo Yuner stood by the Exquisite Lake, her face still pale. Seeing his daughter's expression, the Tianfeng War Emperor could not bear to see her like this. He could only comfort her, "Yuner, although these small monsters are powerful, they are not that scary!"
At this moment, Luo Zheng also appeared. In his hand was a dragon-shaped monster. He had just circled around the area and caught a dragon-shaped monster in his hand!
Everyone looked at the dragon-shaped monster with vigilance. However, Luo Zheng had already sealed the dragon-shaped monster's mouth, so it was not much of a threat.
"Look, even Tianxing caught one with his bare hands. There is nothing to be afraid of!" The Tianfeng War Emperor said with a smile.
Huo Yuner looked at Luo Zheng in a daze and said, "It's not that. The thing I am afraid of is not that!"
(Thank you for the tip for guarding an empty city alone ^ _ ^)
＝＝＝＝＝

Chapter 889
After entering the Heavenly Chen Holy Land, Huo Yuner had been acting strangely.
These strange dragon-shaped monsters were troublesome to deal with, but for many Divine Sea Realm cultivators, they weren't particularly deadly. After all, they were just young beasts. As long as they didn't get surrounded, they weren't that scary.
Luo Zheng glanced at Huo Yuner, grabbed the dragon-shaped monster, and said, "I guess Huo Yuner isn't afraid of this thing. This dragon-shaped monster is just a young beast."
A Divine Sea Realm cultivator nodded with a solemn expression, "Yes, I think so too!"
This thing was like a dragon but not a dragon. It was just a young beast and it was already so scary. What would happen when it grew up?
The most important thing was that even if this dragon-shaped monster was a young beast, there must be a mother beast that gave birth to it. Was this mother beast in the Heavenly Chen Secret Realm?
This wasn't difficult to deduce. Most Divine Sea Realm cultivators could deduce this.
The most important thing was, what was the mother beast that gave birth to these dragon-shaped monsters? What kind of strength did it have? Could they fight against it?
The kings frowned. The king of Sky Fortune Kingdom said, "How about this year's exploration of the Heavenly Chen Secret Realm stop here? There will be plenty of opportunities in the future."
In fact, what the king of Sky Fortune Kingdom wanted to say was that because of Luo Zheng, the ascension channel had been opened. Everyone would be able to ascend sooner or later. There was no need to risk their lives in the Heavenly Chen Secret Realm.
The four kings and the Divine Sea Realm cultivators of their Divine Kingdoms were working so hard. Wasn't their goal to get benefits from the reverse spirit channel?
If they could ascend to the higher realms, they could rely on themselves to obtain many times more resources. Why would they fight with this Ancestral Dragon egg?
"But if the governor asks, how will we answer?" A Divine Sea Realm cultivator asked with a serious expression.
"Hmph, why doesn't the governor enter the Heavenly Chen Secret Realm himself? His strength is above ours. He's just bullying us because we can't ascend. He's using some trash from the higher realms to fool us into working for him! "Another Divine Sea Realm cultivator said angrily.
Although the four Divine Kingdoms listened to the secret sect, they didn't have an attitude of submission. Everyone had to plan for their own future.
Everyone had reached the Spirit Sea Realm. Once Luo Zheng's news was reported and the ascension tunnel was repaired, all they had to do was wait for the day to come!
As for the Ancestral Dragon egg? That was indeed a good thing, but what did it have to do with them?
Seeing that everyone had the same attitude, the Tianfeng War Emperor was moved. After pondering for a moment, he said, "Alright, if that's the case, when the Governor asks, we'll all say that we failed. Something has happened in the Heavenly Holy Land. For safety reasons, we should return!"
As soon as the Tianfeng War Emperor finished speaking, the other Divine Sea Realm experts agreed with him. No one's life was easy to get. Maybe they could get some opportunities and benefits in the Heavenly Star Secret Territory, but it was not as important as their own lives.
However, just as everyone was about to retreat, they suddenly felt the ground tremble.
"Boom!"
That tremor seemed to come from underground, as if a giant beast was knocking on the ground.
"What's that sound?" Battle Emperor Da Yu's face darkened. He had always been a cautious person. Now, his expression did not look too good.
"Rumble …"
The ground began to tremble as if a great earthquake had occurred. All the buildings in the Heavenly Stellar Holy Land began to shake and collapse!
"Let's go! No matter what it is, it can't be anything good. It has nothing to do with us! "Zhou Huang shouted and took the lead to run back.
Everyone felt a tinge of regret. When they entered the Heavenly Star Secret Territory, they should have retreated when they encountered the puppet archer.
Most importantly, they had been in the Heavenly Star Secret Territory for so many years. Although they did not get the Ancestral Dragon egg, they knew the dangers of the Heavenly Stellar Holy Land like the back of their hands. For more than a decade, no one had died in the Heavenly Star Secret Territory. It was because of this that they were numb. If they retreated now, they would be in big trouble.
"Whoosh, whoosh, whoosh …"
Many Divine Sea Realm experts turned into streaks of light and ran back the way they came. As for the small dragon-shaped monsters on the way here, they did not care about them anymore.
Luo Zheng followed closely behind them. He had the same goal as these Divine Sea Realm experts. They were all here for the Ancestral Dragon egg. However, there was a fundamental difference. Luo Zheng obtained the Ancestral Dragon egg because of Qinglong. However, these Divine Sea Realm experts suddenly retreated. This was going to be troublesome!
However, at this moment, a black blade light suddenly appeared from a building in front of them!
"Whoosh!"
That black blade light spread out at an extremely fast speed.
"Pfft!"
The corpse of a Divine Sea Realm expert at the front was instantly cut in half. Then, the Divine Sea Realm expert's soul left his mind and floated to the side.
Seeing this, some of the Spirit Sea Realm warriors behind him jumped up and some fell to the ground to avoid being killed by the saber light. But none of them looked good.
"Who is it!"
Tianfeng War Emperor felt the presence of Genuine Origin Energy in this blade light. Clearly, it was not a Ferocious Beast or a puppet.
On the right side of the crowd was an exquisite tower. The foundation of this tower seemed to be very solid. Even in the earthquake, it did not collapse.
"Crack!"
The door to the second floor of the tower suddenly opened, and a young man in black clothes walked out. The young man had long hair and a thick stubble on his chin. He had a lazy look on his face, and he held a pure black broadsword in his hand.
"Ha, strange. Why are there a bunch of corpses running around here?" The young man in black sniffed. "They don't seem to be zombies. They seem to have abandoned their bodies and occupied the corpses of the Dragon Bloodline. Strange, strange, very strange … Senior Sister, what is going on?"
As soon as the young man in black finished speaking, another person stood out from the ruins. It was a woman with silver hair. Her silver hair aside, she was a peerless beauty just in terms of appearance! However, in the woman's right eye, a pale pink flower grew out. The roots of the flower pierced deep into her eye socket. It looked extremely terrifying!
"Hmph, isn't this simple? These guys can't even resist the power of the blood sacrifice. They actually came up with such a method. They used the Soul Core to control the corpses of the Dragon Bloodline Clan and sneaked into the Heavenly Star Secret Realm. They should be natives of this great world!" The silver-haired woman replied indifferently.
As soon as she finished speaking, a tall and sturdy man walked out from the front of the street, carrying a fiery red giant scythe on his shoulder.
The tall and sturdy man walked towards Tianfeng War Emperor and the others. He said indifferently, "It seems that our luck is not bad. There is no bait to lure that thing out. Although these guys are corpses, their souls are still alive. They are the best bait!"
The words of these three people were as if they did not put the Divine Sea Realm in their eyes. Whether it was the Sky Fortune King, Tianfeng War Emperor, or Zhou Huang, their expressions were extremely ugly!
"Friend, what do you mean?" Tianfeng War Emperor asked coldly.
The silver-haired woman smiled faintly and said, "Who is your friend? Isn't it obvious? We are capturing the Evil Dragon. We want to borrow your corpses and … your souls! "
"What arrogance! Do you think you can keep so many of us here? "War Emperor Da Yu said coldly.
Although these Divine Sea Realm cultivators could not display their full strength because of the corpses, they were still a group of Divine Sea Realm cultivators. They were not easy to bully.
"Hehehe … Arrogant? No one has ever said that before! "The silver-haired woman's laughter rang out.
The tall and sturdy man carried the giant scythe and walked towards the other side. He did not seem to care about Luo Zheng and the others. He said indifferently, "Pei 'er, capture them. Boss can't wait any longer!"

Chapter 890
The Divine Sea Realm cultivators were the top existences in the Great Thousand World. When had they ever been looked down upon like this?
Even though the strength of these three people was unfathomable, the Divine Sea Realm cultivators were filled with anger!
However, the other party had no interest in tangling with them!
The flower in the silver-haired woman's eyes spun gently. She said indifferently, "Using the Soul Core to drive the corpses, we only need to disturb the power of the Soul Core to imprison these guys inside. This must be the boss's luck. God has arranged for these baits to appear in front of us. Haha, the boss's luck is really invincible!"
As soon as her bell-like laughter faded away, wisps of pink mist drifted out from the flower.
"Xiang Hui, Spiritual Confinement …"
"Huff, huff, huff …"
A faint fragrance quickly spread out, imprisoning the Divine Sea Realm cultivators inside.
At this moment, they suddenly realized that the corpses they controlled couldn't move!
"The Soul Core, the Soul Core has lost its effect! How is this possible! "
"It must have been disrupted by that bitch!"
"I can't get out of this corpse's mind!"
The Divine Sea Realm cultivators used the power of the Soul Core to drive the corpses, but the silver-haired woman seemed to be able to easily disturb the power of the Soul Core!
It meant that she had easily cut off the connection between the Divine Sea Realm cultivators' souls and their corpses!
This wasn't the most terrifying thing. They could just give up on the corpses and leave. However, when some Divine Sea Realm cultivators tried, they found that their souls were firmly imprisoned in the minds of the corpses. They couldn't escape at all.
The silver-haired woman seemed to have sensed the actions of the Divine Sea Realm cultivators and said indifferently, "Don't try. A bunch of Battle Soul Realm cultivators can't break out of the confinement."
At this moment, even Luo Zheng couldn't move!
Even though he was occupying Feng Nianyun's physical body and not her corpse, he was still using his soul core to control this physical body. Due to the Great Soul-Sealing Technique, Feng Nianyun's physical body couldn't be controlled by force. After all, even Feng Nianyun's spirit couldn't control her physical body. Using her soul core was only a temporary replacement.
"Now, turn around." The silver-haired woman smiled faintly and walked past them. All the corpses turned around at the same time. Everyone was completely under the control of the silver-haired woman.
"Eh? Why is there still a living body? " At this moment, the silver-haired woman noticed Luo Zheng in the crowd. Then, she walked towards Luo Zheng. "And this body is actually at the Ultimate God Stage … It's actually controlled by a soul core. How strange."
The silver-haired woman sized up Luo Zheng. Indeed, she couldn't figure it out. She naturally couldn't have guessed that Feng Nianyun's free soul had been sealed by the Soul Sealing Art before being possessed by Luo Zheng.
"However, this body is really beautiful!" The silver-haired woman's eyes flashed with a strange luster. She leaned her face closer and kissed Luo Zheng's cheek. She smiled and said, "If I don't need this body later, I will keep you."
Luo Zheng didn't feel anything after being kissed by a woman. However, Feng Nianyun, who was in his internal world, had goosebumps. "Disgusting. Luo Zheng, I'm going to kill her!" Feng Nianyun roared in his internal world. At this moment, lightning flashed and thunder rumbled in his internal world. Feng Nianyun's soul was fluctuating violently. She seemed to be disgusted by the silver-haired woman's actions.
Luo Zheng said helplessly, "I can't even move now. I can't even protect myself. How can I kill her?"
No one would have thought that so many living beings would suddenly appear in the originally empty Heavenly Star Secret Territory. At first, it was those dragon-shaped monsters. Then, it was these three strange powerhouses …
What happened in the Heavenly Star Secret Realm? Were these people also here for the Ancestral Dragon Egg?
"Who are these people? Do you know? "Luo Zheng asked.
Feng Nianyun snorted coldly. Then, she said unhappily, "These people are from the Demi-Immortal Tribe! And they are hunters from the Demi-Immortal Tribe! "
"The Demi-Immortal Tribe!" Luo Zheng's eyes suddenly lit up. This wasn't the first time Luo Zheng came into contact with the Demi-Immortal Tribe. The Tower of Sin on the Sea God Continent belonged to the Demi-Immortal Tribe!
Back then, he passed the test of the Talent Stele and was recognized by the Demi-Immortal Tribe. However, Luo Zheng still didn't know what the Demi-Immortal Tribe was and what kind of abilities they had.
"What exactly is the Demi-Immortal Tribe?" Luo Zheng asked again.
Feng Nianyun said, "You are very curious. Although I don't know what they want to feed us, it can't be anything good. You don't seem to care about this!"
"Didn't that woman say she would let you go?" Luo Zheng smiled slightly.
"I'd rather die than fall into her hands!" Feng Nianyun said angrily. Then, she continued, "The Demi-Immortal Tribe is a group of mavericks. At the same time, they are also a group of idiots!"
"Idiot?" Luo Zheng's face showed a puzzled expression. "Where did this come from?"
Feng Nianyun said indifferently, "The Demi-Immortal Tribe is also known as the Resetters. Strictly speaking, the Demi-Immortal Tribe isn't a tribe. Instead, they are a group formed by the super geniuses of various tribes. The outside world calls the Demi-Immortal Tribe the Resetters because they have always been planning to return the universe to zero!"
Luo Zheng's face was full of curiosity. "What do you mean by 'return to zero'?"
"To destroy the Heavenly Dao and stop the cycle of reincarnation!" Feng Nianyun quickly answered.
The Heavenly Dao was in a constant cycle of reincarnation. One cycle of reincarnation was 3.6 billion years. In other words, it was an epoch.
In the universe, there were many powerful beings who wanted to destroy the Heavenly Dao. At the end of each epoch, a great era would open and the Heavenly Dao would compete with it!
If the Heavenly Dao was destroyed, the epoch would come to an end. Then, a new cycle of the Heavenly Dao would be formed. The lower, middle, and upper laws of the universe would be reconstructed!
All of the civilizations in the universe were in a constant cycle of reincarnation. They were constantly starting anew and giving birth to new civilizations.
However, the Demi-Immortal Tribe was very unique. Their goal wasn't just to destroy the Heavenly Dao. They also wanted to stop the cycle of reincarnation and end it.
"If they end the cycle of reincarnation and don't give birth to a new Heavenly Dao, then …" Luo Zheng was even more curious.
Feng Nianyun smiled faintly and said, "Then the entire universe will become a land of death. No living beings will be born, no living beings will die, and no conflict will occur. Everything will return to zero."
Luo Zheng was speechless. "What's the point of doing that?"
"They think it's meaningful, so they're a bunch of idiots. They're very powerful idiots," Feng Nianyun said in a resigned manner. "That woman affected the power of the soul core, but I can undo it. I'll find an opportunity later. You just have to escape."
"But they …" The most powerful beings in the four divine kingdoms were all being controlled, including the four monarchs.
"Who cares if they die?" Feng Nianyun said in an annoyed tone.
Luo Zheng frowned slightly. Indeed, whether it was from his point of view or from Feng Nianyun's point of view, Luo Zheng didn't need to help the four divine kingdoms. However, if there was a chance to save their lives, Luo Zheng wouldn't give it up!
Under the silver-haired woman's control, the corpses turned into zombies that followed behind her slowly!
Many of the Divine Sea Realm cultivators were trapped in their minds and couldn't move. However, they could still observe their surroundings. As they continued to move forward, many dragon-shaped monsters rushed out.
The silver-haired woman didn't seem to care about them. She just kept moving forward. Just as the dragon-shaped monsters were about to pounce on her, the flowers in her eyes spun gently and a faint fragrance wafted out. Then, the dragon-shaped monsters became intoxicated and lay on the ground, motionless.
Just like that, she slowly moved forward. After passing by the Linglong Lake, she continued to move towards the center of the Heavenly Stellar Holy Land!
"Boom!"
"Boom!"
"Boom!"

Chapter 891
Luo Zheng couldn't move, but he could feel the huge commotion in front of him. He was secretly shocked.
"What are these guys doing?" Luo Zheng asked.
Feng Nianyun snorted. "Who knows? These idiots have always done strange things. Once, the Demi-Immortal Clan carried out a plan to destroy planets. They wanted to destroy all the planets in the universe. At that time, more than 20,000 planets were destroyed. In the end, they were slapped in the face by the Heavenly Dao, and many people died. Only then did they become obedient."
Hearing this, Luo Zheng was completely speechless.
Thinking about what he experienced in the Tower of Sin, Luo Zheng had a bad premonition. He was recognized by the Demi-Immortal Clan. Did that mean he was also a member of the Demi-Immortal Clan?
However, it was better for him not to join such a crazy clan …
His body moved forward involuntarily. After passing through a pile of ruins, Luo Zheng saw a circular pit in front of him. Six people were standing at the edge of the pit! The burly man and the black-clothed young man were also standing at the edge of the pit!
Dragon-shaped monsters surged out from the crater!
"Roar, roar, roar, roar …"
As soon as those small dragon-shaped monsters jumped out, they attacked the people at the edge of the pit!
Waves of invisible sound waves shot toward the six people!
However, the black-clothed young man at the edge of the pit was nimbly waving the black saber in his hand.
Black light constantly bloomed from his hand. Every time a black light cut out, the dragon-shaped monsters would be cut into a bloody mist.
"This guy is really patient. He can't even force it out!" The burly man said indifferently.
The silver-haired woman controlled the corpses of many Divine Ocean Realm experts and slowly walked over. She said, "If that's the case, let's try another method. Let's see if we can lure that thing out. Boss, you're really good at predicting things. The Heavenly Star Secret Territory should have been empty. We went out and wandered around, and we found some bait. I brought all the bait!"
With the addition of the silver-haired woman, the Demi-Immortal Clan had sent out seven people to try and capture whatever was inside the crater.
The person whom the silver-haired woman called "Boss" was wearing a blood-red cloak and a silver mask. Hearing this, the person wearing the silver mask nodded and said, "Then let's try it! Ha Peng, it's your turn! "
"Okay, Boss!" Among the seven, one of them was wearing a tattered straw hat. With a simple and honest smile, he took out a golden fishing rod!
He waved the fishing rod in his hand, and a green line swung towards the warriors of the four Divine Kingdoms. Then, one of the Divine Sea Realm warriors was "hooked"!
The soul cores that the four Divine Kingdoms used to control the corpses had been sealed by the silver-haired woman, so all of the corpses and even the souls in their minds were like pieces of wood. They couldn't move at all, and they couldn't resist being hung up like this!
However, they were all in a state of consciousness …
A mighty warrior at the Divine Sea Realm had been fished up just like that. He had been used as bait to feed something in this pit!
This kind of fear made the souls of many Divine Sea Realm warriors tremble.
The silver-haired woman felt the fear in the souls of these Divine Sea Realm warriors. She said indifferently, "However, the stronger the soul waves, the more tempting it will be to that thing down there. Ha Peng, let's try it!"
Ha Peng nodded and waved the fishing rod in his hand. He slowly lowered the body that he had caught!
However, when he lowered the body halfway, dozens of dragon-shaped monsters suddenly rushed out of the crater. These dragon-shaped monsters rushed up and directly opened their mouths, releasing sound waves towards the body.
"Roar! Roar! Roar … "
Under this kind of angry roar, the body of the Divine Sea Realm warrior, along with his soul, was directly turned into powder!
The "Boss" with the silver mask said indifferently, "Hmph, this guy has a backbone. He didn't eat it. Ha Peng, put a few more in!"
Ha Peng's expression didn't change. He gently waved the fishing rod in his hand. The thin green line constantly fluttered and flew towards the warriors of the four Divine Kingdoms.
All the warriors of the four Divine Kingdoms had fear in their eyes. Although they couldn't move, they could still see. If they were touched by this thin fishing line, it would be the same as being sentenced to death!
It wasn't easy for them to reach the Divine Sea Realm. It wasn't easy for them to hear that the ascension passage could be repaired. Who would be willing to die here?
However, they didn't have the ability to resist. They could only watch as this fishing line dictated their life and death. If they had to blame something, they could only blame themselves for being too weak.
This time, the fishing line was gently strung and directly "hooked" six Divine Sea Realm warriors! Among them were two Divine Sea Realm masters of the Profound Jade Martial House. In the four Divine Kingdoms, they were considered to be above the masses and were known as "almighty" existences. However, in this place, they were reduced to insignificant "bait" …
"This time, I'll let the line be longer. Let it have a taste first. As the saying goes, once it has tasted the marrow, it will be hungry for more. Only when it has tasted the marrow will it take the bait. Hehe!" This time, Ha Peng didn't drag the six people up into the air. Instead, he directly released the fishing line and threw the six people into the big pit.
At the same time, the flower in the silver-haired woman's eyes turned slightly. Instantly, screams of despair came from the big pit.
"Eh? Little senior sister, why are these guys screaming? "The black-clothed young man asked curiously.
The silver-haired woman smiled faintly. "I've released a part of the confinement force. Naturally, they can scream and add some flavor to the guy down there! Hehe! "
"Little senior sister, you're too naughty …" The black-clothed young man shook his head and smiled.
Originally, being hung on the fishing line had already made these Divine Sea Realm warriors extremely fearful. Their souls were desperately struggling in their minds. When the silver-haired woman suddenly released a part of the confinement force, they naturally screamed out of instinct.
However, the screams only lasted for one or two breaths of time before they came to an abrupt end!
Then, everyone heard the sound of bones cracking coming from the big pit.
"Crack, crack …"
It was as if there was a big mouth that kept rejecting these corpses.
After waiting for a while, the silver-haired woman smiled and said, "It should be finished, right?"
"Again! This time, let's see if it takes the bait! " Ha Peng waved the fishing rod again and skewered a few more corpses. This time, the green fishing line was actually swinging towards Luo Zheng!
Seeing this thin green line, Luo Zheng and Feng Nianyun both frowned. Luo Zheng asked, "Now, do you want to resist?"
Feng Nianyun remained calm. "No hurry! Let's wait and see. The owner of this fishing rod is only at the Divine Realm. Among the seven people, I'm afraid I can't beat the guy with the silver mask! The key is, how much of my physical strength can you unleash? "
This was not Luo Zheng's physical body. The attribute of the True Origin cultivated was also very different from Luo Zheng's. If Luo Zheng were to control it, the effect would be greatly reduced. Perhaps Luo Zheng could only choose to run away, and he might not be able to escape.
There was only one chance. Luo Zheng had to be careful.
Just as the thin green line was about to wrap around Luo Zheng, the silver-haired woman stopped it and said, "Ha Peng, leave this for me!"
"Alive?" Ha Peng just realized that Feng Nianyun's physical body was not a corpse, but a living person.
"Yes." The silver-haired woman nodded.
Ha Peng smiled with a strange expression. "No wonder. I was wondering when your taste became so strange. You're interested in corpses!"
Hearing Ha Peng's words, the silver-haired woman's face darkened. "Talk more nonsense and I'll kill you!"
Ha Peng was used to it. He chuckled. The thin green line swung gently and swung towards Battle God Yu the Great!
Some of the Divine Ocean Realm experts present were killed, but there were still more than 70 people left. The probability of the kings being chosen was very high. However, Battle God Yu the Great was very unlucky. He was entangled by the thin green line and was immediately caught in the air!
At the same time, the flower in the silver-haired woman's right eye moved slightly, and another part of the seal was lifted.
As soon as the seal was lifted, Battle God Yu the Great roared, "I am the king of the Great Yu Divine Kingdom. I can give you all the power of the kingdom. Please spare my life!"
＝＝＝＝＝

Chapter 892
When a warrior cultivated to the Divine Sea Realm, he would have one in a hundred million luck.
Even a Divine Sea Realm Almighty could only play a supporting role in the four Divine Kingdoms. The main characters of the four Divine Kingdoms were the four Monarchs!
Battle Emperor Yu the Great had such a strong luck. When he ascended to the Upper World in the future, his future would be limitless. How could he be willing to die here?
Ever since his body had been imprisoned, his thoughts had been constantly spinning. This was probably the biggest predicament he had ever faced in his life. Back then, when he had entered the sea to hunt down the cub that had swallowed the Aqua Beast, he had not felt so powerless!
In his soul form, he had almost no power to fight back in front of these guys. Battle Emperor Yu the Great racked his brains but could not think of a way out!
Therefore, Battle Emperor Yu the Great did not cry out when he was released. He wanted to seize this opportunity to tell the other party that he was the Monarch and that he was willing to pay any price in exchange for his life.
Ha Peng shook the fishing rod in his hand. This time, he did not intend to throw these corpses into the pit. Instead, he hung them above to lure the thing below.
The front end of the fishing rod was only as thick as a pinky finger. The green line was as thin as a strand of hair. However, there was no problem with it hanging six or seven corpses.
"Monarch?" Ha Peng suddenly laughed when he heard Battle Emperor Yu the Great's words. "How big is your Da Yu Divine Kingdom?"
"30 million acres! Four billion living beings! I can give up my position! I can let you be the Monarch of the Divine Kingdom and rule the world! " Battle Emperor Yu the Great, who was hanging in mid-air, could see the situation below the pit. He noticed that there was a pair of huge red eyes below the pit that were emitting a demonic glow. Battle Emperor Yu the Great realized that he did not have much time left. He seized every opportunity to speak! Or rather, to beg for mercy!
"30 million acres …" Ha Peng did not know whether to laugh or cry when he heard this. "How big is 30 million acres? It sounds quite big! "
The Great Yu Divine Nation wasn't small. Among the four Divine Nations, the Great Yu Divine Nation occupied the most land. However, Ha Peng didn't show the slightest bit of interest.
The silver-haired woman said coolly. "Thirty million acres is about one ten-millionth of the size of a Saint in the Demi-Immortal World. It's not even as big as my garden. These savages are really narrow-minded."
"Is it not enough? If it's not enough, we can give you the entire Divine Kingdom Continent. If the four Divine Kingdoms are added together … "Battle Emperor Da Yu was also anxious. He didn't know what other bargaining chips he had that could tempt this group of people.
In other words, he already understood that everything he said was nonsense. These guys would never take a fancy to anything he had.
At this moment, the ground began to shake again!
"Boss, it's moving. That guy seems to be unable to hold himself back. It's working!" The silver-haired woman smiled with excitement on her face.
"Yes, everyone, be careful. It seems to be coming out." The man with the silver mask nodded.
The seven people standing at the edge of the pit seemed to have entered a battle-ready state. Even though they were very powerful, they didn't dare to relax in the face of the terrifying existence in the pit!
Battle Emperor Yu the Great also sensed that something was amiss. He saw that the pair of glowing red eyes below him were getting closer and closer. That thing was constantly rising!
"Roar …"
A pure black dragon's head suddenly drilled out of the huge pit!
This dragon's appearance was very unique. Ordinary true dragons didn't look fierce. As the saying went, dragons and phoenixes were auspicious. In fact, although a true dragon's aura was mighty, it gave people a peaceful feeling.
However, this giant dragon had six pairs of sharp horns on its head. A pair of blood-red dragon eyes exuded a strong evil aura. If an ordinary warrior was enveloped by this evil aura, he would have lost his mind in an instant!
"Roar …"
The pure black dragon leaped out of the pit and opened its mouth to bite at the corpses of the Divine Sea Realm experts.
At this moment, Battle Emperor Da Yu's face finally revealed a look of despair. He knew that no matter how much he resisted, he wouldn't be able to escape this calamity …
Seeing that he was already within the range of the dragon's mouth, there was no way he could survive this bite. However, at this moment, Ha Peng gently flicked the fishing rod and pulled the corpses of Battle Emperor Yu Da Yu and the others higher up into the sky.
The huge dragon bit down, but it bit nothing!
Of course, Ha Peng wasn't trying to save the lives of Battle Emperor Da Yu and the others. He was purely trying to lure more of the giant dragon out of the pit. As for whether Battle Emperor Da Yu and the others lived or died, it didn't matter at all.
"Roar!"
Although the giant dragon's aura was mighty and it didn't seem to be any weaker than an ordinary true dragon, it was probably still young and hadn't gained much intelligence.
Since it didn't bite down, it actually stretched out its body and raised its huge dragon head to continue chasing after the corpses above!
At this moment, Ha Peng grabbed the fishing rod in his hand and swung Battle Emperor Da Yu and the others out of the pit. Following which, Battle Emperor Da Yu and the others slammed heavily onto the ground. Only then did Ha Peng say, "It's up to you guys!"
As soon as Ha Peng finished speaking, the burly man who had been standing at the edge of the pit, ready to attack, leaped up. The fiery-red giant scythe in his hand instantly burst into flames!
In an instant, the burly man charged towards the giant dragon. The giant scythe drew a circular arc in the air and slashed heavily at the giant dragon's neck.
"Ha! Break for me! "
The tall and sturdy man let out a loud roar. This giant dragon was indeed an existence comparable to a real dragon. Even Luo Zheng was secretly shocked by the power released by the tall and sturdy man's attack. The power contained within the attack was difficult to estimate. However, the giant red scythe in the hands of this Divine Realm expert was at least a divine weapon. Its power was almost unimaginable to Luo Zheng!
However, when this unparalleled slash landed on the dragon's scales, it only produced a burst of intense sparks and the sound of metal clashing against metal. It did not manage to slice open the dragon's neck!
"What a strong defense! What kind of dragon is this? "Luo Zheng sighed and asked.
From the beginning, Feng Nianyun seemed to have stopped talking. She just stared blankly at the giant dragon in the pit.
Seeing that Feng Nianyun didn't respond, Luo Zheng could only ask again, "Hey, why aren't you talking?"
After a while, Feng Nianyun said, "No wonder. Those dragon-shaped monsters must have been summoned by this thing. I really didn't expect that after being trapped here for so many years, I would be able to wait until the day an evil dragon appeared …"
"Evil dragon?" Luo Zheng was slightly stunned and asked.
Feng Nianyun didn't hear Luo Zheng's words. She muttered to herself, "That's still not right. Why would an evil dragon appear? There's an ancestral dragon egg hidden in the sacred land of the dragon bloodline. Could it be that an evil dragon hatched from the ancestral dragon egg? That's impossible … "
"Hey, what's an evil dragon?" Luo Zheng asked again.
Feng Nianyun finally reacted and said, "The evil dragon is the opposite of the ancestral dragon. It's a belief inheritance derived from our race!"
"A belief inheritance derived from the ancestral dragon?" Luo Zheng asked curiously.
Feng Nianyun said, "Actually, whether it's the ancestral dragon or the evil dragon, they shouldn't exist in this world. They're just something imagined by the true dragon race!"
"Something imagined …" Luo Zheng felt that the more he listened, the more incredulous he felt.
Feng Nianyun understood Luo Zheng. As a warrior from the lower realm, Luo Zheng's understanding of certain things in the upper realm was still quite limited. She said curiously, "Didn't Seventh Grandpa tell you? It's not strange to imagine things. Just like your so-called visualization, once you visualize enough, you can use your True Yuan to visualize what you want! "

Chapter 893
If a warrior wanted to materialize their Quintessential Essence, they had to do it through visualization!
For example, to materialize Quintessential Essence into a saber, one had to find a real saber and visualize it continuously. The more serious the visualization, the longer the time, the sharper the Quintessential Essence turned into a saber!
However, such visualization also relied on Quintessential Essence because Quintessential Essence itself could materialize. It was just that the more realistic one's visualization was, the more realistic the object would be.
Without Quintessential Essence, one would not be able to think of a saber even if they racked their brains …
As for what Feng Nianyun said, gathering billions of people to visualize an object and then visualizing it alive, it sounded inconceivable. It was beyond Luo Zheng's comprehension.
"You can visualize a divine weapon out of thin air just like that?" Luo Zheng asked in surprise.
Feng Nianyun said indifferently, "There's nothing strange about that. The Ancestral Dragon is the direct religion of the True Dragon race. Therefore, the birth of the Ancestral Dragon can bring prosperity to the True Dragon race."
"It's one thing to worship the Ancestral Dragon, but why is there an Evil Dragon now? Could it be that many of the True Dragon race also worship the Evil Dragon? "Luo Zheng asked curiously.
Feng Nianyun continued to answer, "How is that possible? Who's full or not full? It's just that no matter if it's a race or a living being, there's always a dark and bright side in their hearts. The Evil Dragon is the embodiment of the True Dragon race's dark side. It's a little like hell. It seems like you don't know either. In fact, the entire hell was created by all the living beings in the universe, right? "
Hearing this, Luo Zheng was shocked once again.
The Yellow Springs River, the Gates of Hell …
Luo Zheng had heard people mention this place before, but he never imagined that hell was also a product of imagination. It was fine if it was just imagination, but the problem was that when one thought about it too much, it actually existed!
It seemed that even if one had a brain, one shouldn't think blindly. Luo Zheng sighed inwardly. There seemed to be too many secrets in this universe waiting for him to unearth!
"Roar!"
The Evil Dragon seemed to be in a state of rage. Flames began to emerge from its huge dragon head, as if a large dragon's breath was brewing in its mouth! Although the burly man's attack did not injure it, it had completely enraged the evil dragon.
"It's going to spit out dragon breath. Ha Peng, bind it!" The man with the silver mask commanded his blade.
"Huff huff huff …"
Countless green threads spiraled toward the Evil Dragon, wrapping around the dragon's mouth in the blink of an eye! Then, the tall and sturdy man actually stuck close to him and continued to use the giant scythe in his hand to launch a new round of attacks.
Looking at the evil dragon, Luo Zheng said, "This evil dragon doesn't seem to be very strong. The seven people from the Demi-Immortal Tribe are just a bunch of Ultimate God Stage experts. This evil dragon doesn't seem to be able to resist them."
Feng Nianyun calmly replied, "This evil dragon needs to undergo seven metamorphoses before it can truly grow. It seems that this evil dragon has only undergone three metamorphoses. If it can undergo a fourth metamorphosis, it will be very difficult to deal with. It's not something that these guys can deal with! Speaking of which, the Demi-Immortal Tribe has helped you by killing this evil dragon. If you leave this evil dragon alone, it will definitely consume the entire Great Thousand World as its food after completing its fourth metamorphosis. It will then plot to undergo its fifth metamorphosis. "
"Consume the Great Thousand World as its food?" Luo Zheng frowned. Luo Zheng had merged with the will of the Great Thousand World, but he didn't have the time to explore the mysteries of this will. However, he was now a true child of this plane. If this evil dragon were to consume the Great Thousand World as its food, he would be the first to disagree.
"Mm." Feng Nianyun calmly said, "Let's not worry about this evil dragon for now. The seven of them are busy dealing with this evil dragon. You need to find a chance to escape."
In truth, the Demi-Immortal Tribe didn't have much desire to kill Luo Zheng and the others. In their eyes, the Divine Sea Realm experts of the four Divine Nations were insignificant ants. The key was that they could use them as bait after their deaths. If they couldn't be used, there was no reason to kill them.
However, since the Demi-Immortal Tribe was known as the Resetters and even tried to stop the cycle of reincarnation, there was a high possibility that they would kill the martial artists of the four Divine Nations after dealing with this evil dragon.
Luo Zheng couldn't even protect himself now. Escaping was probably his only choice. As for Huo Yuner, Huo Chen, and the other Monarchs, if he wanted to save them, he would have to find another way. However, there was no doubt that it would be difficult to save them.
"But the seven of them are all in the Ultimate Divine Realm. Can I really escape by controlling your body?" Luo Zheng asked hesitantly.
Feng Nianyun was relatively calm. She said, "Apart from their boss, the others are only in the Ultimate Divine Realm. It's not a big problem. However, when you control my body, you can only use less than 30% of my strength. I'll teach you an escape technique now. Later, you can use my True Yuan and get out of here as soon as possible!"
Luo Zheng didn't have a better idea at the moment. He could only use what he learned. At least it was better than using her True Yuan!
"This is a set of Wind Escape Technique. My True Yuan can match this Wind Escape Technique to the greatest extent, but how much you can comprehend will depend on yourself!" After Feng Nianyun finished speaking, she used her consciousness to transmit a set of Wind Escape Technique chants to Luo Zheng.
"This Wind Escape Technique is called Chasing Cloud Movement Technique! It was comprehended from the Divine Beast Chasing Cloud Lion. The Chasing Cloud Lion is one of the fastest Divine Beasts, second only to the Heavenly Rat! Comprehend it well. If you can comprehend about 30%, you can escape from them when they are unprepared. Remember … the Cloud Body Dharma Body allows you to travel a thousand miles in a day. You can travel above the Nine Heavens and below the Nine Underworlds … "
Chasing Cloud Lion?
When he heard Feng Nianyun teach him the Wind Escape Technique, Luo Zheng was slightly stunned.
When he obtained a jade bone from the Chasing Cloud Lion and moved it into his Baihui Stage, he gained the Chasing Cloud Lion's innate speed. However, the jade bone was used to refine his body. It was only revealed when he used his Vital Essence.
However, Vital Essence and True Yuan were two different types of energy. Although their natures were poles apart, they still had something in common. In addition, Luo Zheng's current innate talent was extremely powerful. It wasn't difficult for him to comprehend the Chasing Cloud Lion's Wind Escape Technique!
Luo Zheng's soul quietly floated in Feng Nianyun's mind. He closed his eyes and began to comprehend.
Feng Nianyun's soul was in her inner world, quietly watching Luo Zheng. The Chasing Cloud Movement Technique was an extremely difficult movement technique. Moreover, one needed to comprehend the Wind Elemental Law. She didn't expect Luo Zheng to be able to learn it in a short time. It was just a last-minute preparation. Even if it wasn't fast, it was light. Coupled with her own body's compatibility, it would definitely be useful!
"Rumble, rumble …"
Above the crater, the Evil Dragon began to become irritable. The battle between the seven Demi-Immortals and the Evil Dragon had reached its climax.
After an incense stick's worth of time, Luo Zheng suddenly opened his eyes!
"How much did you comprehend?" In such a short time, Feng Nianyun didn't expect Luo Zheng to comprehend too much. As long as it was enough to stimulate the Wind Elemental Law in her own True Yuan, it would be enough!
"More or less." Luo Zheng smiled faintly. He was very sensitive to the Chasing Cloud Lion's innate talent. This movement technique was based on the Chasing Cloud Lion. Therefore, after receiving her teachings, Luo Zheng had a completely new understanding of this movement technique. From a certain perspective, this movement technique was originally tailor-made for Luo Zheng!
"Roar!"
The Evil Dragon broke free from Ha Peng's restraints and let out a violent dragon roar. Its entire body drilled out of the crater and spiraled into the sky.
"Luo Lin! Hold it back! "
"Don't let it escape! Pei 'er, release the power of imprisonment! "
Seeing this scene, Feng Nianyun's eyes flashed. She said, "Now is the chance to leave! Are you ready? "
"Yes!" Luo Zheng nodded.
At this moment, Feng Nianyun's inner world suddenly roared. An invisible force once again covered her body. She had a way to dispel the silver-haired woman's imprisonment power.
The moment the imprisonment power was dispelled, Luo Zheng immediately felt that his soul and her body were connected again. At this moment, the True Yuan in his body was quickly mobilized by Luo Zheng!

Chapter 894
Although the Demi-Immortals had focused all their attention on the dragon, Luo Zheng's sudden disappearance still attracted their attention.
"A little mouse ran away! Senior Sister, it seems to be the one you like! "The black-clothed youth said with a smile.
The silver-masked man said, "Don't let her run around. It won't be good if she destroys the Ancestral Dragon egg's incubation."
The silver-haired woman revealed a look of surprise. The flowers in her eyes spun slightly. "Qing Feng has already set up a barrier around the Ancestral Dragon egg. It won't be that easy to destroy, right? But … it's better if I capture her! " After saying that, she chuckled. With a bell-like laughter, she chased after Luo Zheng!
Luo Zheng frantically mobilized Feng Nianyun's Quintessential Yuan, constantly activating the law of wind. His figure was like a shuttle, shuttling through the air!
"This guy …"
Inside her inner world, Feng Nianyun was completely shocked!
To be able to comprehend thirty percent of the Chasing Cloud movement technique in such a short time was already very impressive. Although she said so, she didn't have much expectations. She was only imparting the movement technique to Feng Nianyun with the mentality of making a last-minute effort.
But Feng Nianyun never expected that Luo Zheng would be able to completely comprehend the Chasing Cloud movement technique in such a short time!
Just how talented was this guy?
She already knew that the nine true dragons had always been residing in Luo Zheng's mind. Someone who could be chosen by seventh grandfather and the others was definitely not a simple guy. But the talent Luo Zheng displayed was still somewhat unacceptable to Feng Nianyun!
Even in the True Dragon Realm where geniuses were as common as clouds, she had never seen someone with such abnormal talent.
In thirty minutes, he comprehended seventy percent of the Chasing Cloud movement technique? No, eighty percent. It was probably more than that … The black line behind this guy was a phenomenon that would only appear when the Chasing Cloud Lion compressed the wind to the extreme when it was running at high speed!
Although Feng Nianyun could unleash the full potential of the Chasing Cloud movement technique, this cultivation technique was ultimately created by imitating the divine beast Chasing Cloud Lion's talent. When the Chasing Cloud Lion was running at high speed, it would leave behind a thin black line behind it. It was like a brush brushing black lines in the air!
This was something that even Feng Nianyun herself couldn't do, but Luo Zheng had completely mastered the Chasing Cloud movement technique in thirty minutes. He had even comprehended an even higher realm?
Feng Nianyun was somewhat unable to accept this!
Luo Zheng didn't know that Feng Nianyun's heart was fluctuating in such a manner. He was sighing at how powerful a Paramount Divine realm body was. The Quintessential Essence within one's body was incomparably pure. Typically speaking, Quintessential Essence was long-lasting and long-lasting. However, he could sense that the explosive Quintessential Essence within Feng Nianyun's body was comparable to his Astral Essence.
.....
... In just a few breaths of time, Luo Zheng had already rushed to the exit of the Heavenly Feather Holy Land. He was heading straight for the arched door!
Due to his speed, Luo Zheng didn't even have time to check the situation of the arched door. He charged straight for it. In the end, he easily passed through the arched door. He discovered that he hadn't entered the teleportation channel. Instead, he had directly passed through the arched door.
"This … the teleportation channel has been closed!" Luo Zheng was immediately alarmed.
When he entered the Heavenly Feather Holy Land, he had relied on the two dragon-shaped keys to activate the arched door of the Heavenly Feather Holy Land. He had activated a teleportation channel within the arched door. But now, the teleportation channel had disappeared!
Without the teleportation channel, the arched door was nothing more than a decoration to Luo Zheng.
Following that, a bell-like laughter was heard. "You got a fright, didn't you? Be a good boy and come back with me. I won't kill you! "
Luo Zheng frowned and said, "I have no enmity with you. Is there a need to chase me so relentlessly?"
"Eh? Who says you have enmity with us? I like you, so you have to be a good boy and come with me. Do you understand? " The silver-haired woman chuckled and said, "When we're done here, I can take you to a place! Even the ascension channel in this world has been destroyed. You don't want to be trapped here for the rest of your life, do you? "
A strange expression appeared on Luo Zheng's face. This silver-haired woman's taste was really strange. She actually liked women.
"It seems that this woman has taken a fancy to you …" Luo Zheng said to Feng Nianyun with a smile.
Then, Luo Zheng heard Feng Nianyun's scream from within his Inner World. "Let her die!"
"Don't move. Be a good boy and come with me." The silver-haired woman's voice suddenly became gentle. The flower in her right eye slowly rotated and approached Luo Zheng.
At this moment, Luo Zheng's eyes also became gentle. For a moment, he forgot to run away and stood there in a daze! In Luo Zheng's eyes, the silver-haired woman turned into a beautiful woman. Her whole body emitted a bright and beautiful color, which greatly attracted Luo Zheng!
Just as Luo Zheng was in a daze, he suddenly felt a sharp stab of pain, which woke him up in an instant.
"You've been charmed by her! Run! "Feng Nianyun screamed.
At this moment, the silver-haired woman and Luo Zheng were very close. The silver-haired woman's eyes were filled with gentleness. She actually reached out to touch Luo Zheng's face.
The moment he woke up, Luo Zheng punched out. At the same time, he activated the vital energy in his Dantian. His whole body suddenly turned into a gust of wind and disappeared on the spot!
Whoosh …
In the blink of an eye, Luo Zheng and the silver-haired woman opened up a distance of more than a hundred feet.
The silver-haired woman didn't seem to be in a hurry. She continued to follow behind Luo Zheng. In the silver-haired woman's eyes, the Heavenly Chen Secret Realm was only the size of a palm. No matter how fast Luo Zheng was, it was impossible for him to escape from her grasp.
Changing directions, Luo Zheng also sped up. He was thinking about how to leave the Heavenly Chen Holy Land!
Although he had entered the Heavenly Chen Holy Land through a transmission array, the Heavenly Chen Holy Land was built in the Heavenly Feather Sacred Sea. It couldn't be anywhere else!
If Luo Zheng could find a spatial crack, there was still a chance for him to leave the Heavenly Chen Holy Land. However, after traveling through the Heavenly Chen Holy Land, Luo Zheng's face revealed disappointment. He didn't find any spatial cracks.
Roar …
Another earth-shaking sound came. On the other side of the Heavenly Chen Holy Land, the six people of the Demi-Immortal Clan were engaged in a fierce battle with the Evil Dragon. Even from such a distance, one could see a thick pillar of fire soaring into the sky! It seemed like the battle between them and the Evil Dragon had reached a white-hot stage.
Luo Zheng naturally didn't pay attention to it. However, while he was distracted, a pure white flower appeared not far in front of Luo Zheng. That pure white flower bloomed at an incredible speed. The silver-haired woman walked out of the flower with a smile on her face. She said to Luo Zheng, "Little guy, you can't escape!"
Seeing this, Luo Zheng didn't stop and once again flew past.
The two of them were in the Heavenly Stellar Holy Land, one chasing and the other fleeing. After a while, Luo Zheng noticed that not far away, there was a transparent enchantment covering a minaret!
"What is that?"
Seeing this transparent barrier, Luo Zheng's eyes flashed slightly.
The transparent barrier seemed to be undergoing a drastic change. The bottom of the spire was full of vitality. All kinds of strange flowers and grasses were everywhere, and vines were coiled around the outer walls of the spire. The most peculiar thing was that these plants were growing at a speed visible to the naked eye. They were growing at a crazy speed, and then they quickly withered, bloomed, bore fruit, withered, and sprouted seeds …
"Time! The speed of time passing in this barrier is so fast! "Luo Zheng said curiously," What is inside this tower? "
Feng Nianyun shook her head, "I'm not sure. The outer barrier has isolated almost all the aura inside …"
"Go in!" No matter what was inside, Luo Zheng didn't think too much about it and directly rushed towards the barrier. The moment he got close to the barrier, Luo Zheng poured out his True Essence and punched the barrier.
"Boom!"
Even with the control of his Divine Realm body, Luo Zheng's punch didn't break the barrier.
＝＝＝＝＝

Chapter 895
After this punch, another snow-white flower bloomed. The silver-haired woman stepped out of the flower quietly. Seeing Luo Zheng's action, she smiled and said, "Qing Feng's barrier is not that easy to break!"
Luo Zheng gazed at the silver-haired woman and asked, "What's inside?"
The silver-haired woman giggled. "If I tell you, will you follow me obediently? I promise you won't suffer any losses! "
Hearing this, Luo Zheng smiled and said, "You have to tell me first."
"The Ancestral Dragon and the Evil Dragon appeared in the Heavenly Stellar Holy Land at the same time. They are on the tail of this Yan Ji. Our Demi-Immortal Clan naturally wants to collect them. We must catch the Evil Dragon and the Ancestral Dragon!" The silver-haired woman answered.
"The Ancestral Dragon is in the tower?" Luo Zheng's eyes flashed.
The silver-haired woman tilted her head and smiled. "Yes!"
"Very good!" Luo Zheng suddenly took out the Black Star Pickaxe from his Sumeru Ring and knocked on the barrier at an extremely fast speed!
The silver-haired woman's face was full of disdain. Previously, Boss Mo was worried that she would run around and break into this place, disturbing the hatching of the Ancestral Dragon's egg. However, in the silver-haired woman's opinion, this worry was completely unnecessary. After all, Qing Feng's barrier was not that easy to break.
Moreover, the silver-haired woman could feel that although the woman in front of her was a living person, she seemed to be relying on the soul core to drive her body. She was unable to display the original strength of her body.
As for why this woman could use her unique movement technique and move so fast, the silver-haired woman couldn't figure it out. However, no matter what, Qing Feng's barrier contained a special law of karma. How could an ordinary Divine Realm expert break it?
However, when Luo Zheng took out the Black Star Pickaxe in front of the silver-haired woman, the silver-haired woman's face suddenly changed. The flower in her eyes spun crazily. At the same time, the pure white flower was quickly smeared with a streak of dark red!
"A supreme artifact! The Black Star Pickaxe! "The silver-haired woman screamed.
As soon as her voice fell, Luo Zheng swung the Black Star Pickaxe and hit the barrier. The originally incomparably sturdy barrier suddenly shattered. The entire barrier was originally a whole. As long as one part of it was damaged, the entire barrier would instantly shatter!
As a result, a crisp sound rang out, and the barrier collapsed with a loud bang.
At the same time, the six people were still fighting with the Evil Dragon. One of them, a middle-aged man in a blue robe. suddenly, his face changed, and said, "Oh!"
Boss Mo, who was wearing a silver mask, asked, "Qingfeng, what's wrong?"
"Someone broke my Bounded Domain!" Qing Feng frowned and said.
Hearing Qing's words, Boss's Divine Realm experts, and Stellar Holy land.
This time, when they entered the lower realms, their journey in the Heavenly Stellar Holy Land could be said to have been smooth sailing. This was all thanks to a certain almighty expert of the Demi-Immortal Clan. He used a secret technique to help Boss Mo change his destiny. In just a few months, Boss Mo's destiny had more than doubled.
Logically speaking, they should be able to smoothly capture the Evil Dragon and hatch the Ancestral Dragon. Then, they would be able to smoothly bring it back to the Demi-Immortal Clan.
But now, an unforeseen event had suddenly occurred!
What they were afraid of had really happened. Qing Feng's barrier covered the spire. With Boss Mo personally changing the flow of time, it wouldn't take long for the Ancestral Dragon to hatch. They only needed to focus on dealing with the Evil Dragon.
But they never thought that the barrier would be broken by someone.
"Could it be that woman who just escaped?" The tall and sturdy man dodged the Evil Dragon's claw attack and switched places with another person.
"Impossible. Although that woman was at the Extreme Divine Realm, she shouldn't be able to break Qing Feng's barrier. I don't know what Pearl is doing. Why hasn't she returned after so long? Yuze, go and take a look! "Boss Mo ordered.
The black-clothed young man nodded. The frivolous smile on his face disappeared. His figure turned into a black shadow and flew toward the spire like a ghost.
The moment Luo Zheng broke the barrier, he directly entered it.
The flow of time in the barrier was completely different from the outside world. The flow of time here seemed to have increased by countless times. The plants inside the barrier were constantly multiplying, dying, multiplying, and dying.
However, from Luo Zheng's point of view, he didn't feel anything. But from the silver-haired woman's point of view, the moment Luo Zheng entered the barrier, he just shook slightly and disappeared. This was because the flow of time was too fast!
The silver-haired woman gritted her teeth. Her figure flickered and she also entered the barrier.
But because of the delay of a dozen breaths, the time between her and Luo Zheng was pulled apart by a large amount!
It must be known that the flow of time here was ten thousand times faster. In other words, the time the silver-haired woman hesitated for a dozen breaths was ten thousand breaths of time when Luo Zheng entered the barrier.
Of course, from Luo Zheng's point of view, he couldn't feel it at all.
After entering this area, Luo Zheng's time was in a normal state. He didn't feel the rapid flow of time. Only the people outside who observed Luo Zheng would realize that the flow of time here was a thousand times faster!
"This spire …"
Luo Zheng raised his head and glanced at it. If it weren't for the change in the Heavenly Stellar Holy Land, the final goal of him and the other Divine Sea Realm experts would be this place.
But he didn't know what kind of mechanism was in this spire. After so many years, the Divine Sea Realm experts couldn't take out the Ancestral Dragon egg.
Although he was chased all the way and was in a very difficult situation, Luo Zheng's purpose was to get the Ancestral Dragon egg in this spire. It was a freak combination of factors that led to him accidentally entering this place!
Without thinking much, Luo Zheng rushed to the front door of the spire. Originally, Luo Zheng intended to break in. Unexpectedly, just as he stood in front of the front door, a faint light flickered from the door frame. After the light circled the door frame, the door slowly opened by itself.
Behind the door was a pitch-black space.
He turned his head and looked at the sky. Perhaps because of the Law of Time, under the interference of the Law of Time, the entire Heavenly Stellar Holy Land had disappeared from Luo Zheng's eyes except for the area around the spire.
In any case, the silver-haired woman didn't chase him in. Only then did Luo Zheng step into the door!
In the void, there were steps that emitted light. These steps circled the void and spiraled upwards. Luo Zheng stepped on the steps and began to climb up rapidly.
After climbing countless steps, Luo Zheng suddenly saw a huge chain at the top of the steps. Looking along the chain, Luo Zheng saw a small glowing object in the middle of the chain!
As for the glowing object, it was bound by numerous chains!
Luo Zheng's eyes suddenly flickered as he stared at it, "This is!"
"The Ancestral Dragon egg." A calm voice came from his Inner World. Feng Nianyun obviously also noticed the Ancestral Dragon egg.
A faint smile appeared on Luo Zheng's face, but then he heard Feng Nianyun say, "This Ancestral Dragon egg, you can't take it away!"
"Why?" Luo Zheng's face showed a strange expression.
"If it was so easy to take it away, the monarchs of the four Divine Kingdoms wouldn't have been busy for so many years," Feng Nianyun said lightly.
Indeed, Luo Zheng agreed with Feng Nianyun's words. There wasn't much danger in the Heavenly Stellar Holy Land, but the Divine Sea Realm experts of the four Divine Kingdoms had entered the Heavenly Stellar Secret Realm so many times, but they still couldn't take the Ancestral Dragon egg away.

Chapter 896
Without thinking too much, Luo Zheng took out the Black Star Pickaxe. There was not much time left for Luo Zheng. If the silver-haired woman chased after him, Luo Zheng would be in trouble.
However, just as he waved the Black Star Pickaxe and knocked on the chain, a strange scene occurred!
As a supreme artifact, the Black Star Pickaxe contained indestructible characteristics. There were probably not many things in the universe that could block the Black Star Pickaxe.
However, the Black Star Pickaxe actually managed to pierce through the chain!
"Illusion?" Luo Zheng's heart skipped a beat.
The chains in front of him and the Ancestral Dragon egg that was entangled by the chains seemed to be just an illusion!
Luo Zheng stretched out his hand and touched the chain. However, his fingers easily passed through the chain. Wherever he touched, there was nothing.
"What's going on?" Luo Zheng asked curiously.
The chain and the Ancestral Dragon egg in front of him looked very lifelike. He did not feel like an illusion at all. However, these things were clearly in front of him, but he could not touch them …
Feng Nianyun smiled faintly and said, "Haha, if I'm not wrong, this Ancestral Dragon egg is actually sealed in another layer of space. Therefore, although you can see it, you can't touch it!"
"Another layer of space?"
Hearing this, Luo Zheng was a little confused. Although he was proficient in the Law of Space, even before the Law baptism, Luo Zheng's affinity with the Law of Space was the highest. Although after the Law baptism, Luo Zheng did not have any shackles when it came to the Law of Space, he was still the most sensitive to the Law of Space.
However, he had only cultivated the Law of Space to the second level. If Luo Zheng had enough time to gain experience in the four Divine Kingdoms and obtain the totems of the third and fourth level of the Law of Space, he would be able to slowly comprehend them.
However, time was too tight for him to enter the four Divine Kingdoms. From the moment he entered the Black Iron Divine Kingdom, he had not stopped. After entering the West Dragon River to participate in the competition, he entered the Sky Feather Sacred Sea. There was too little time left for Luo Zheng.
"Yes, if I'm not mistaken, this should be the fifth level of the Law of Space, Refraction! This Ancestral Dragon egg seems to be sealed in another space. Everything you see is just refracted through space! It's impossible to obtain the Ancestral Dragon's egg directly! " Feng Nianyun shook her head and said, "Unfortunately, I don't specialize in the Law of Space. I only comprehended one level of the Law of Space back then."
"Is this the reason why the Tianfeng War Emperor and the others couldn't take the Ancestral Dragon egg?" Luo Zheng frowned.
After all, the difficulty of cultivating the Origin Source Laws was extremely high. The first level was relatively easy, but the second level was extremely difficult. If one wanted to cultivate the Origin Source Laws to the third level, they would need to possess the talent of a god-rank genius. As for a martial artist who cultivated to the fourth level, even in the Upper Realm, they would be the core figures of a clan.
As for the fifth level, it was most likely not something an ordinary martial artist could achieve …
"Sou!"
Luo Zheng's figure flickered and shuttled through the void. He stretched out his hand and touched the Ancestral Dragon egg in the center.
Just like before, his hand easily penetrated the Ancestral Dragon's egg. These chains and the Ancestral Dragon's egg were just illusions!
"It's useless. If I'm not mistaken, these people of the Demi-Immortal Clan probably don't have anyone proficient in the Law of Space. They can't take out the Ancestral Dragon egg, so they came up with another method," Feng Nianyun said lightly.
"What method?" Luo Zheng asked.
"It's very simple. If they can't take out the Ancestral Dragon egg, then they can accelerate the ripening of the Ancestral Dragon egg! By changing the flow of time, the flow of time in the entire steeple will accelerate rapidly. Under the flow of time a thousand times faster, we can hatch the Ancestral Dragon egg. When the Ancestral Dragon appears, we can take this little thing away, "Feng Nianyun guessed.
Luo Zheng nodded. This time, he agreed with Feng Nianyun's analysis, but then he frowned again. "But if I enter the spire, the Law of Time will also be imposed on me. If I wait here, won't it take forever?"
Outside the range of the Law of Time, the flow of time was normal, but within this range, time was accelerated by a thousand times. Now that Luo Zheng had entered the range, his time was equal to the Ancestral Dragon egg …
"Your analysis is reasonable. If you want to wait for the Ancestral Dragon egg to hatch, unless the egg is about to hatch, you can only leave the range of the Law of Time and wait slowly …" Feng Nianyun blinked and said.
"This … is even more troublesome." For a moment, Luo Zheng couldn't think of a better way.
Right at this moment, Luo Zheng suddenly heard the sound of footsteps. He looked down and just happened to see the silver-haired woman climbing up the stairs step by step. Luo Zheng's gaze just happened to meet the silver-haired woman's eyes!
The silver-haired woman smiled faintly and said, "I'll forgive you this time. You smashed the barrier outside. It won't be so easy to explain to Qing Feng. Obediently follow me out of here, and it's not too late!"
Luo Zheng took a deep breath. The biggest problem in entering the Heavenly Stellar Holy Land this time was that he couldn't use his abilities. Although he had taken over Feng Nianyun's body, he couldn't use her strength. It was indeed very frustrating.
But then again, this group of people were all Divine Realm experts. Even in the Upper Realm, they were existences that couldn't be underestimated!
Even if Luo Zheng wasn't affected by the Blood Sacrifice of the Heavenly Feather Sacred Ocean, with his cultivation base that had just entered the Life and Death Realm, he was still an ant in front of this group of Divine Realm experts. He couldn't fight back at all.
"Be obedient." The silver-haired woman continued smiling. Her footsteps were light as she slowly walked up the stairs.
However, at this moment, Luo Zheng's gaze suddenly fell on the Ancestral Dragon egg. He discovered that a thin crack had appeared on the egg!
"A crack …"
"You're lucky. The Ancestral Dragon egg has finished hatching!" Feng Nianyun's voice floated out.
"But that woman is coming!" Luo Zheng communicated with Feng Nianyun in his mind.
"Think of a way to delay her. The Ancestral Dragon has an imprint behavior! The first thing that hatches from the Ancestral Dragon egg will be seen as the mother! "Feng Nianyun continued.
The incubation of the Ancestral Dragon egg often took an unimaginably long time. The Dragon Bloodline Clan's Blood Sacrifice had sealed the egg for a long time, and the Temporal Law had been in effect for an unknown period of time. If the Heavenly Feather Clan had entered the Heavenly Stellar Holy Land a year ago, under the thousandfold acceleration of time, nearly a thousand years would have passed in this space …
In any case, when Luo Zheng arrived here, the Ancestral Dragon egg had cracked. Perhaps this was Luo Zheng's luck!
"Imprint behavior …" Luo Zheng had no time to ponder the meaning of this word. The silver-haired woman had already walked up step by step. He now had to find a topic to delay this woman.
After thinking for a while, Luo Zheng's mind flashed and he said, "The Heavenly Feather Clan. Do you all belong to the Heavenly Feather Clan?"
When the silver-haired woman heard Luo Zheng suddenly mention the Heavenly Feather Clan, a look of surprise appeared on her face. She asked curiously, "Huh? How do you know? "
Luo Zheng smiled slightly and replied, "It's very simple. Because I also belong to the Heavenly Feather Clan!"
Hearing this, the silver-haired woman's face revealed a look of disbelief. She giggled and said, "Impossible. Our Heavenly Feather Clan has a special imprint. If you are a warrior recognized by our Heavenly Feather Clan, I can feel the existence of the imprint!"
Luo Zheng smiled faintly and his expression became more and more relaxed. "You should have noticed that this body does not belong to me, right?"
The silver-haired woman nodded. Her previous confinement power was also effective on Luo Zheng, which meant that Luo Zheng also relied on the Soul Core to control this body. However, the silver-haired woman did not understand the Soul Sealing Great Art, so she was also puzzled. It was clearly a living body, so why would he use the Soul Core to control the body? Wasn't this superfluous?
Luo Zheng's explanation was in line with the silver-haired woman's judgment.
"You said that you were recognized by the Heavenly Feather Clan, but you are just a warrior from the lower realm. How could you have received anything from the Heavenly Feather Clan?" The silver-haired woman asked with a smile. She still did not believe Luo Zheng's words.
Luo Zheng's eyes gently swept over the eggshell. The cracks were slowly spreading, so he said, "Tower. I was recognized by the Heavenly Feather Clan in a tower!"
The Tower of Sin originally belonged to the Heavenly Feather Clan. Luo Zheng was not lying.

Chapter 897
"A pagoda?"
The silver-haired woman's face revealed a skeptical expression. Her Demi-Immortal Clan had a total of three trial pagodas.
If a new genius wanted to be recognized by the Demi-Immortal Clan, under normal circumstances, they would have to pass the trial tower's Talent Stele test!
Unfortunately, one of the three trial pagodas had been lost and had not been found until now. When Luo Zheng suddenly mentioned a pagoda, the silver-haired woman, who originally did not believe him, suddenly believed him a little.
"What's the name of that pagoda?" The silver-haired woman frowned and asked.
"Sin Pagoda!" Luo Zheng continued. The corner of his eyes had been watching the Ancestral Dragon egg. The cracks on the egg's shell were increasing, especially on the top half of the egg. Some cracks were like spider webs, spreading out layer by layer on the surface of the egg.
"Sin Pagoda … No!" The silver-haired woman shook her head. "The lost pagoda is not called that."
Hearing the silver-haired woman's words, Luo Zheng smiled. He was very clear that he was not lying, so he was confident that he could use this topic to attract the silver-haired woman. "The Sin Pagoda is divided into fifteen floors. I took the Talent Stele test on the tenth floor! I still remember the names on the first row of the Talent Stele. It seems that there was someone called Yun Miao Xin, and there was also Gu Heche, Ya, Huo, and others … "
"Gu Heche!"
After Luo Zheng said this name, the silver-haired woman was suddenly surprised. Her smiling face suddenly became serious. "Yes! That is the Exquisite Pagoda! You have indeed been to the Exquisite Pagoda! "
"The Exquisite Pagoda …"
Luo Zheng also remembered this name. The Sin Pagoda was just a name given by the creatures of the Sea God Continent. Since it belonged to the Demi-Immortal Clan, naturally it would not be called this name. Now it seemed that the original name of the Sin Pagoda was the Exquisite Pagoda.
Why was the silver-haired woman so excited?
Because she heard a very familiar name among the names Luo Zheng said, Gu Heche!
The silver-haired woman's full name was Gu Pei 'er, and Gu Heche was her father!
"Where is the Exquisite Pagoda?" Gu Pei 'er asked immediately.
Hearing this, Luo Zheng's heart skipped a beat. In order to stall for time, he seemed to have revealed some information that he shouldn't have.
The Tower of Sin was extremely important to the Sea God Continent. In other words, it was extremely important to the human race's Purple Heart Holy Land. The reason was very simple. The Heavenly Feather Holy Land had already developed while the Purple Heart Holy Land was still relatively weak. If these fellows were to find out the whereabouts of the Tower of Sin and take it away, the human race's development wouldn't be able to surpass the Twin Devil Holy Land in a short period of time. Perhaps, this was good news for the demon race.
Seeing the hesitant expression on Luo Zheng's face, Gu Pei 'er smiled coldly, "The Ascension Passage of this Vast Thousand Worlds is sealed, so the Exquisite Pagoda is definitely in this Vast Thousand Worlds. It is not difficult to find it. If you are not willing to answer, I will not force you, but … you said that you were recognized by the Heaven Immortal Clan? Then may I ask what rank your talent is? It can't be the fourth or fifth row, right? "
The three Towers of Trials of the Heaven Immortal Clan, although the names were different, regardless of whether it was the shape or the details, they were almost the same. In fact, the three Towers of Trials were not only used for trials, but also for suppression.
Gu Pei 'er's talent was extremely high. In the other "Illusory Pagoda", her talent was also ranked in the first row!
According to what Gu Pei 'er knew, in the Talent Stele's test for martial artists, only those who were ranked in the first two rows were qualified to be recognized by the Heaven Immortal Clan.
As for the martial artists below the second row, although their names were recorded, there were countless geniuses of this level in the Upper Realm. They simply didn't have the qualifications to be recognized by the Heaven Immortal Clan.
In front of her, this guy who occupied the body of an Ultimate God Realm martial artist, how strong could his talent be?
Hearing Gu Pei 'er's question, Luo Zheng smiled faintly, "I don't seem to belong to any of the rows."
"Oh …" Gu Pei 'er's expression dimmed, "A guy whose name isn't even on the first row still says he belongs to the Heaven Immortal Clan. Aren't you thinking too much?"
Previously, Gu Pei 'er really thought that Luo Zheng's name was on the second row. If that was the case, then she could indeed treat Luo Zheng as a member of the same clan. The Heaven Immortal Clan valued quality over quantity. Compared to the martial artists of other clans, the Heaven Immortal Clan's overall numbers were still a lot lower. However, every one of them was the elite of the elite!
Take Liu Yu of the Heavenly Feather Holy Land for example. After standing in the second row, it only took him a mere two hundred years to become the leader of the Purple Heart Holy Land. Furthermore, he led the Purple Heart Holy Land to completely suppress the Twin Devil Holy Land.
However, because of the Ascension Passage, Liu Yu was unable to break through to the Divine Sea Realm. His life's achievements could only stop here. If the Ascension Passage of this Vast Thousand World was intact, even in the Demon Night Clan of the Upper World, Liu Yu would certainly be able to cultivate to a higher realm and strive for greater achievements.
Now, Luo Zheng couldn't even make it onto the list. This kind of trash, let alone the Heaven Immortal Clan, would not even be considered a genius in other clans. Did he really think that just because he entered the Talent Stele, he would be recognized by the Heaven Immortal Clan? That was too naive.
At this moment, a circle of cracks slowly appeared in the middle of the Ancestral Dragon egg. Luo Zheng raised his eyebrows slightly and continued, "Thinking too much? That's not true. Although my name didn't make it into the six rows, my name is listed on it … "
"On it? What do you mean on it? "Gu Pei 'er was slightly stunned and didn't react for a moment.
Luo Zheng said faintly, "It's on top of those names, on top of She-Ne, Gu Heche, Ya, and these guys …"
"What!" This time, Gu Pei 'er lost her composure.
Gu Pei 'er took a deep breath and asked with a nervous expression, "Since you said your name is listed on it, what is your title? Shura? Rakshasa? Innate? Eight? Which one is it? Is your name golden or silver? "
"Are, are there still that many titled battle pet warriors?" Luo Zheng was surprised to hear Gu Peier mention so many titled battle pet warriors.
Luo Zheng knew that those who could be ranked on the first row naturally surpassed the warriors below. However, there was only one name on the first row, so he didn't know that there were other titles.
In fact, the titles on the Talent Monument were quite particular, and each title was different. For example, Shura and Rakshasa were the two highest titles and were ranked first. Then there were titles such as "Innate", "Eight", "Scar of the World", and so on!
In fact, warriors who could obtain a title were absolutely favored by the heavens in the universe! Therefore, the gap between titles was actually very small. Of course, even if it was a small gap, it was still a gap …
Moreover, titles were divided into gold, silver, and bronze. Gold was the highest, and bronze was the lowest.
"Since you said you obtained a title, then tell me, what title did you obtain?" Gu Pei 'er stared at Luo Zheng and asked.
Luo Zheng said strangely, "The titles you mentioned don't seem to be …"
Gu Pei 'er frowned, "Could it be' Fledgling 'and' Ocean Arrival '? These two titles are at the bottom of the list. However, even if it's the last title, it's already very impressive. At least Gu Pei 'er didn't obtain a title and can only be ranked in the first row. "
"No," Luo Zheng said, "If I remember correctly, it should be 'Heaven Rank' in gold."
After Luo Zheng said this, the flower in Gu Pei 'er's right eye suddenly began to spin rapidly. The roots of her flower were buried deep in her eyeball. Seeing the flower spinning like this, Luo Zheng was very doubtful whether she was in pain or not …
But he didn't know that his words had already set off a storm in Gu Pei 'er's heart!
"How, how could it be … Heaven Rank! Gold Heaven Rank! "Gu Pei 'er found it hard to believe.
But according to Luo Zheng's previous statement, he did go to the Linglong Pagoda and entered the Talent Monument's test. If it wasn't for the two words' Heaven Rank ', he wouldn't have known that there was such a title on the Talent Monument. So he shouldn't be lying!
Because of this, Gu Pei 'er found it hard to believe.
＝＝＝＝＝

Chapter 898
In the entire universe, all the races were trying their best to expand and develop.
If they wanted to develop quickly, they had to find the best geniuses in their race!
Therefore, every race would design a reasonable set of rules and conduct a series of tests and tests.
For each race, the test method was different.
In addition to observing the lotus flower, there were three races in the universe that had the most accurate test methods. They were the human race's "Heavenly Path", the demon race's "Divine-Devil Abyss", and the Demi-Immortal race's three pagodas.
If one could obtain a title from any of the three pagodas, they would receive the protection of the Demi-Immortal race and become a core member of the Demi-Immortal race! Even the lowest bronze titles, "Fledgling" and "Ocean Arrival".
So far, among the Demi-Immortals living in the world, there were no more than a hundred thousand creatures with titles! And among these hundred thousand creatures, there were eighty thousand creatures with bronze titles!
As for those with silver titles, there were more than 18,000!
And there were only a thousand creatures with gold titles …
The problem was that among these thousand, there were only fifty to sixty creatures with Rakshasa and Asura titles …
As for the Demi-Immortal titles.
Since ancient times, there were less than six. These six people were the absolute leaders of the Demi-Immortal race and were legendary figures in the universe.
This was why Gu Peier found it hard to believe!
A guy with such a heaven-defying talent actually appeared in front of her. Gu Peier suddenly felt that everything was a little surreal. It was not that she did not believe it, but she did not dare to believe it!
Previously, when she heard about the Linglong Pagoda, she was secretly delighted. This time, not only did the seven of them capture the Ancestral Dragon and the Evil Dragon, making a great contribution, but they also unexpectedly found out about the Linglong Pagoda's whereabouts. If they could bring the Linglong Pagoda back to the Demi-Immortal race, it would definitely be a great contribution. In comparison, the Ancestral Dragon and the Evil Dragon were not that important!
But now, they found a guy with a gold heavenly title, then the Linglong Pagoda seemed insignificant …
At this moment, Gu Peier even wanted to stop capturing the Evil Dragon and the Ancestral Dragon and go to the Linglong Pagoda to find out the truth. If this Luo Zheng really passed the test of the Talent Stele and obtained a gold heavenly title, then they could immediately bring this guy back to the Demi-Immortal race!
Gu Pei 'er could already imagine how shocked the higher-ups of the Demi-Immortal Clan would be when she brought him back ….
"You … You're really not lying to me?" Gu Pei 'er could not suppress the excitement in her heart, and her voice started to tremble.
As a matter of fact, Gu Pei 'er was very proud to be able to rank first on the Talent Stele. However, whenever she met any of the Titled Demi-Immortals, she couldn't help but feel a little unconvinced, and even a little inferior!
However, Gu Pei 'er also understood that talent was only one aspect of a martial artist. With her own hard work and good luck, it wasn't impossible for her to surpass those titled life forms. Such examples could be found everywhere.
But right now, Gu Peier did not have such a feeling when facing this fellow in front of her. That was because the gap between them was simply too great, so great that she could not even think of a comparison in her heart.
Luo Zheng nods and looks at Gu Pei 'er with a faint smile: "Yes, I didn't lie to you … but …"
"But what?" Gu Pei 'er blinked her eyes and asked. She was afraid that Luo Zheng would directly deny it and make her excited for nothing.
Luo Zheng chuckles, "This Ancestral Dragon seems to have hatched …"
Just as they were talking, the eggshell of the Ancestral Dragon egg, which was wrapped in layers of chains, finally cracked open completely. A soft nose directly pried open the eggshell, revealing a furry body inside the eggshell.
That small body did not look like a newborn dragon that had just hatched, but more like a small seahorse, with a slender head and a pair of large eyes that emitted a green light!
After the Ancestral Dragon came out of the eggshell, it swallowed the Ancestral Dragon's eggshell one bite at a time. After swallowing the eggshell, the little dragon looked around.
During this process, Feng Nianyun began to remind Luo Zheng, "Continue to make up a story to deceive that woman. Let the Ancestral Dragon notice you. As long as you succeed at the first glance, the mark will be planted …"
In Feng Nianyun's inner world, she heard Luo Zheng say a lot of things that seemed to have fooled the silver-haired woman. Although she had heard of the Demi-Immortal Clan's pagoda, she had never been there, so she did not understand the specific meaning of Luo Zheng's words.
Feng Nianyun was very impressed by Luo Zheng's words just now. Of course, she was not impressed by Luo Zheng's ability to fool people. She was impressed by Luo Zheng's ability to fool people. She felt that Luo Zheng was completely making things up.
Luo Zheng's ability to brag was really not for show.
After the furry little guy opened its big eyes and stared at Luo Zheng for a long time, Luo Zheng smiled and told Gu Pei 'er that the Ancestral Dragon had hatched!
"Caw, caw!"
The furry little dragon fluttered, but it easily floated out of the refracted space and pounced toward Luo Zheng.
If Gu Pei 'er had seen this scene before, she would have been furious. They had painstakingly set up all kinds of traps in the Heavenly Stellar Holy Land to capture the Ancestral Dragon and the evil dragon in one fell swoop. But now, Luo Zheng had ruined everything. This was definitely the worst thing that could happen.
But after Gu Pei 'er confirmed that Luo Zheng's words were most likely true, the Ancestral Dragon egg did not seem so important, so at this moment, her mood was very calm.
If this guy really had the title of Golden Demi-Immortal, it would be his fortune to be recognized by the Ancestral Dragon. It could even be described as destiny …
"Caw, caw, caw!"
The newly hatched little dragon did not alienate Luo Zheng at all. It pounced into Luo Zheng's arms, and its furry little head kept rubbing against Luo Zheng's chest.
Generally speaking, creatures that were born from eggs would have relatively complete mobility after breaking out of their shells. They would also be able to think independently to a certain extent. That was why this kind of creature could have imprinted behavior on its body. In other words, the first thing it saw was its mother.
But creatures like humans were completely ignorant after birth. They needed a long time of training and cultivation to gradually establish a certain degree of cognition. Such creatures would not have imprinting behavior.
The Ancestral Dragon might be the belief of the True Dragon Clan, but it was also affected by imprinting behavior.
Therefore, in the little dragon's mind, a strong imprint was produced! It was also under the influence of this imprint that Luo Zheng became its mother!
In order to prevent imprinting behavior, the seven people of the Demi-Immortal Clan had actually made several preparations. They originally planned to use the Law of Time to hatch the Ancestral Dragon, then seal it and bring it back to the Demi-Immortal Clan. As long as this Ancestral Dragon's imprint behavior did not occur, it would be fine. As for the rest, they would leave it to the higher-ups of the Demi-Immortal Clan to deal with.
However, the speed at which the Ancestral Dragon hatched was faster than they had expected. And when Luo Zheng was being chased by Gu Peier, he accidentally ran into the steeple. With Feng Nianyun's help, all their efforts were for naught.
After holding the little Ancestral Dragon, Luo Zheng originally thought that Gu Pei 'er would attack him in a rage. He was thinking about how to escape.
But now, Gu Pei 'er did not move at all. She just stood there and stared at him blankly. She even ignored the little dragon in his arms!
"What's wrong with this woman?" Luo Zheng was puzzled, so he asked Feng Nianyun in his inner world. Feng Nianyun shook her head, "I'm not sure. Did you just make things up and scare her?"
"I wasn't just making things up …" Luo Zheng retorted.
"Haha, who would believe you?" Feng Nianyun had seen Luo Zheng's bragging skills. She did not believe Luo Zheng's words at all.
At this moment, Gu Pei 'er said softly, "Come with me!"
"Come with you?" Luo Zheng was stunned.

Chapter 899
Gu Peier was very clear about the importance of the matter.
Although the Ancestral Dragon was important, compared to a warrior with a golden Heaven-rank title, it was as light as smoke and dust. It was a trivial matter.
Moreover, even if they found out that it was a mistake, they still had the ability to take the Ancestral Dragon away …
A mark was troublesome, especially the mark in the Ancestral Dragon. If they wanted to remove it, even the Heaven-rank Clan would have to pay a considerable price.
However, it was just a problem. A problem that could be solved was not a real problem.
As for a Heaven-rank title warrior, it was likely that no matter how much trouble they spent, it would not be enough. Therefore, after thinking for a while, Gu Peier decided to verify this matter first.
Seeing that Luo Zheng's golden pupils still showed a hint of vigilance, Gu Peier knew that the other party still had some hostility towards her. She smiled slightly, "I won't catch you. Can you follow me?"
Luo Zheng nodded slightly.
Therefore, Gu Peier walked down the stairs step by step, and Luo Zheng followed behind with the Ancestral Dragon in his arms …
Soon, after the two left the spire, they left the area affected by the Law of Time.
The two of them spent a full hour in the spire. However, under the influence of the thousandfold flow of time, an hour passed in the spire was only a moment to the outside world.
The moment they came out, the flow of time around Luo Zheng returned to normal, and all the plants around the spire covered by the Law of Time began to rapidly wither, bloom, and die. The cycle repeated.
"Whoosh!"
A black shadow, like a swallow shuttling through the clouds, sped towards this side. The figure suddenly stopped in the air. It was the black-robed young man called "Yu Ze".
When he saw Gu Peier, he asked loudly, "Little Senior Sister, what happened? Why did Qing Feng's boundary break …"
However, before Yu Ze could finish his sentence, his gaze landed on Luo Zheng, who was behind Gu Pei 'er. Then, he stared intently at the little dragon in Luo Zheng's arms. Immediately after, Yu Ze's eyes released two sharp rays of light that were as sharp as swords!
"What happened? The Ancestral Dragon … hatched? "
Previously, Yuze had entered the spire many times. Because the Ancestral Dragon was protected by a refracted space, they could not take it away. Therefore, they could only make such a compromise and use the flow of time to urge the Ancestral Dragon to hatch.
Therefore, even if Qing Feng's barrier was broken, they were not too worried. Even if the barrier was broken, it was impossible to take away the Ancestral Dragon egg.
The problem was that the golden-eyed woman had already appeared behind Gu Peier with a small dragon in her arms. This made Yu Ze a little confused. What exactly happened in the steeple?
Without thinking too much, Yuze's first thought was to snatch the little dragon from Luo Zheng's hands!
How could Luo Zheng be willing to stand in place and let Yuze snatch it? The True Origin Energy in his body began to circulate. He executed the Chasing Cloud movement technique and prepared to escape.
"You still want to escape?!"
Yu Ze sneered. He unsheathed the huge black blade in his hand and slashed towards Luo Zheng in an extremely fierce manner.
Gu Pei 'er furrowed her brows, and the flower in her right eye suddenly spun, and a pink light shot out from the stamen of the flower!
"Bang … …"
That pink light instantly shot onto Yu Ze's black blade, and the black blade was firmly sealed in place!
Yu Ze had originally maintained an extremely high speed, waving his black blade as he prepared to slash out. However, the sealing power of Gu Pei 'er's pink light was extremely tyrannical. Under such a seal, the entire black blade was wrapped within it, and the black blade also stopped in midair, unable to move!
Yu Ze completely did not expect that Gu Pei 'er would use such a powerful sealing power to seal his black blade. Under this slash, the blade in his hand suddenly could not be controlled. His hand slipped from the blade's handle, and he could only grab a handful of air and slash towards Luo Zheng. He looked very embarrassed … …
"Little Senior Sister, what are you doing? Could it be that you want to betray the Demi-Immortal Clan? "Yu Ze said coldly.
Seeing Luo Zheng holding the Ancestral Dragon and following behind Little Senior Sister, Yu Ze felt that something was very wrong. Now, Little Senior Sister actually turned around and stopped him. Yu Ze really could not understand this action, so he came to such a conclusion.
Who knew that Gu Pei 'er would shake her head lightly and say, "No, there's something more important."
"What's more important?!" Yu Ze angrily said. He had always respected his Little Senior Sister, but he really could not think of anything more important than the Ancestral Dragon. The purpose of their trip was to collect the newly hatched Ancestral Dragon and the infant Evil Dragon. Although the difficulty of this mission was not high, it was very important!
Gu Pei 'er thought for a moment. There were some things that she did not need to explain to Yu Ze, but seeing Yu Ze's furious expression, she still said, "I found the whereabouts of the Exquisite Pagoda."
"Exquisite Pagoda?"
Yu Ze was slightly stunned, and then he understood … …
As a member of the Demi-Immortal Clan, he had also entered the "Illusionary Pagoda" to train, and his name was on the first row with Gu Pei 'er.
At the same time, Yu Ze also knew that among the three pagodas used for training, one of them was lost!
These three pagodas were very important to the Demi-Immortal Clan. If they could find the Exquisite Pagoda, it was indeed not a small matter.
"But, but … … even if we found the whereabouts of the Exquisite Pagoda, so what? We can't let this guy take away the Ancestral Dragon! " Yu Ze said unconvinced. The Exquisite Pagoda and the Ancestral Dragon were completely unrelated to each other, and there was no conflict between them.
Gu Pei 'er said, "No need to say more. Let's go find Boss Mo first. You will understand in a while."
Yu Ze gritted his teeth, but in the end, he did not say anything. He was very clear about his little senior sister's personality. Under normal circumstances, she was always laughing and joking, and it was very difficult for anything to make her completely serious.
But now, Gu Pei 'er was so serious. Could it be that something big had really happened?
So Gu Pei 'er walked at the front, and Luo Zheng walked behind with the little dragon in his arms. As for Yu Ze, he used a fierce gaze to stare at Luo Zheng, afraid that Luo Zheng would accidentally slip away again … …
The three of them maintained a constant speed as they flew above the Heavenly Stellar Holy Land.
The little dragon in Luo Zheng's arms used its furry head to rub against Luo Zheng's face, and from time to time, it would make "ji ji gu gu" sounds. It was like a human baby, acting spoiled in Luo Zheng's arms.
At this moment, a sorrowful roar suddenly rang out.
"Ao — —"
When the roar was heard, the little dragon in Luo Zheng's arms suddenly trembled and buried its little head into Luo Zheng's chest. It saw Luo Zheng as its mother, and believed that Luo Zheng could protect it!
That roar came from the Evil Dragon in the distance!
Boss Mo was leading the other four people, and they were constantly suppressing the Evil Dragon that was still in its infancy.
"Be careful! This Evil Dragon is going to seal itself and undergo its fourth transformation! "
"Stop it, or we'll be in big trouble!"
"Attack its neck, I've already cut a hole in its neck … …"
"Boom, boom … …"
One powerful attack after another landed on the Evil Dragon's body, and the surface of its body emitted rays of intense light.
At the edge of the crater, the warriors of the four Divine Kingdoms were still staring blankly at the scene playing out in the sky, and their hearts were filled with shock!
The strength of these Reaching Divine Realm warriors was far beyond their imagination. However, the evil dragon's strength was just as horrifying. The evil dragon hadn't even matured yet. It was only equivalent to a Level-11 Ferocious Beast, which was equivalent to a human Divine Sea Realm warrior.
But this Evil Dragon was able to fight against multiple Ultimate Divine Realm warriors by itself. If this Evil Dragon were to mature, just how terrifying would its strength be in the future?
Of course, this was the worry of the Divine Sea Realm warriors. They couldn't even protect themselves right now, and most of them were thinking about their own fates … …

Chapter 900
Without the ability to fight back, they would be at the mercy of others. These warriors understood this better than anyone else as they advanced towards the Divine Sea Realm.
They weren't even worth the time of these Ultimate Divine Realm warriors to kill them. However, once they subdued the evil dragon, their fate would be death.
Even though these Ultimate Divine Realm warriors had no reason to kill them, they also had no reason to let them go. Why would the strong need so many reasons to kill the weak?
At this moment, every Divine Sea Realm warrior had a different mentality.
Some people were unwilling to accept this, such as Battle Emperor Yu the Great. He was unlucky enough to be used by Ha Peng to lure the evil dragon out of its cave. In the end, he managed to survive. However, it wasn't because these guys let him go. It was because he was lucky that he wasn't swallowed by the evil dragon!
Battle Emperor Yu the Great's mind didn't stop at all. He was still thinking about how to get out of this predicament!
Some of the martialists, such as the Tianfeng War Emperor, gradually felt relieved as they waited. However, he regretted bringing Huo Yun 'er and Huo Chen into the Tian Chen Secret Territory. The Tianfeng War Emperor naturally felt bad when he thought about how his daughter and son were going to die in the Tian Chen Secret Territory.
As for Huo Yuner, she was extremely calm. She was wondering if Luo Zheng had escaped.
"Roar …"
At this moment, the evil dragon roared again. It twisted its long and narrow body and tried to crawl back into the pit.
"Don't let it crawl back in! Stop it! "someone shouted.
Boss Mo, who was wearing a silver mask and holding a crooked walking stick, blocked the entrance of the pit before anyone else could!
"Roar!"
Facing Boss Mo, the evil dragon seemed to be afraid of him. It spat out a blazing dragon's breath!
Boss Mo was wearing a mask, so no one could see his expression. He pointed his crutch lightly, and an irregular crystal shield appeared in front of his crutch. This crystal shield directly blocked all of the dragon's breath outside!
Seeing that the dragon's breath couldn't do anything to this person, the evil dragon opened its mouth and tried to swallow Boss Mo whole!
Although this evil dragon was not like those mature True Dragons whose gigantic bodies could cover an entire continent, it was still many times larger than Boss Mo.
Therefore, when the evil dragon opened its mouth, it looked like an eagle trying to swallow a mosquito. Compared to the evil dragon, Boss Mo's body was about the size of a mosquito!
Boss Mo waved the crutch in his hand and made a circle in the air. The tip of the crutch revealed a faint line in the air. Boss Mo muttered softly, "The sky is spinning and the earth is spinning. Go down!"
When the Evil Dragon came into contact with those lines, its huge body suddenly flipped over!
It was as if there was an invisible giant in the air, grabbing the evil dragon with its huge hands and throwing it to the other side!
"Boom …"
The Evil Dragon's gigantic body smashed into the ground, causing a small earthquake. The force spread to the surroundings, lifting up the ground and causing it to ripple like waves.
"Rumble …"
The warriors of the four Divine Kingdoms all fell to the ground due to the earthquake. Many of them were even hit by the flying rocks.
Fortunately, the cultivation of the corpses they occupied wasn't low. When the rocks hit them, they were smashed into pieces … These corpses were enough to protect the souls in their minds.
The evil dragon was thrown down by this huge force, but it didn't suffer much damage. After realizing that it couldn't return to its lair, the evil dragon curled up on the ground and dust started to fall around it …
"Oh no! Stop it! It's going to seal itself! " Boss Mo's expression changed when he saw this scene. He shouted as he rushed toward the evil dragon.
The other four didn't slow down either, especially the burly man. He spun the scythe in his hand and rushed toward the evil dragon in a flash.
However, when the burly man got close to the dust, a miraculous scene appeared.
The dust in front of them should be insignificant. Even mortals who didn't cultivate could at most cover their mouths and rush over.
However, the burly man couldn't rush in. The dust was like a natural barrier, blocking the burly man outside.
"Break!"
The burly man waved the scythe in his hand.
"Clang …"
The scythe slashed through the air, but when the scythe's blade cut through the dust, it only created a small spark. It couldn't cut through the dust at all.
Seeing this, the burly man's expression turned ugly.
Not only the tall and sturdy man, but the others also had ugly expressions. As for Boss Mo, he slowly floated over and used the walking stick in his hand to lightly point at the dust. He then said indifferently, "This is troublesome. This evil dragon really sealed itself up. This sealing power is a kind of instinct of a super divine beast …"
"How long will this seal last?" One of the Demi-Immortals asked.
Boss Mo said, "It won't be too short, but it won't be too long either. The problem isn't that it's sealing itself, but … while it's sealing itself, it'll undergo its fourth transformation! At that time … it won't be something that we can fight against. "
The evil dragon had only undergone three transformations, and it already needed several Ultimate Divine Realm warriors to fight against it. If it underwent its fourth transformation, its strength would increase by leaps and bounds. They would probably need the higher-ups of the Demi-Immortals to come out and deal with it. This was something that none of the Demi-Immortals wanted to see.
"What do we do now?" The burly man asked with a frown. Just now, he had activated his Blood Berserk and managed to injure the Evil Dragon with great difficulty. Just as he was about to take down the Evil Dragon, he did not expect the Evil Dragon's innate talent to be so powerful. What kind of bullshit Dusty Force was this?
Boss Mo shook his head and didn't reply. He was wearing a mask, so no one could see his expression. However, as the leader of the seven, everyone still had to listen to him.
At this time, three figures flew over from the horizon. Boss Mo glanced through the mask and said, "Let's not worry about this first. It seems that Gu Pei 'er's situation will be more troublesome."
"More troublesome?" The burly man looked up. When his gaze moved away from Gu Pei 'er, his bell-like eyes suddenly widened. At the same time, he said angrily, "Damn, that woman took out the Ancestral Dragon's egg? And the Ancestral Dragon hatched! How could it be in her hands?! "
The "her" the burly man was referring to was naturally Luo Zheng.
A middle-aged man who looked like a scholar also frowned, "What's wrong with Pei 'er? She was supposed to chase after that woman, but why did she let her take the Ancestral Dragon?"
Boss Mo sighed softly and said, "Sigh, although I increased my luck before this trip, it seems that someone's luck is even stronger than mine …"
He sighed, as if he had experienced many vicissitudes of life.
As a core member of the Demi-Immortal Clan, Boss Mo had obtained a decent title in the Illusory Tower, and a silver one at that …
After experiencing so many things, Boss Mo believed in luck more and more, and believed in fate more and more!
Therefore, when he saw Luo Zheng holding the Ancestral Dragon and following behind Gu Pei 'er, he didn't get angry. Instead, he sighed.
"Pei 'er, what's going on? Why is the Ancestral Dragon being held by her?! " The burly man stared at Luo Zheng, his voice was extremely unfriendly. Just now, the Evil Dragon sealed him, causing him to fail at the last step. The burly man's mood was already extremely bad. In the end, the matter of the Evil Dragon had not been resolved, and the Ancestral Dragon had hatched, and it was being held by a fleeing aboriginal …
Gu Pei 'er's eyes flashed slightly. She couldn't be bothered with the burly man and descended. At the same time, Luo Zheng and Yu Ze also descended.
At this time, Boss Mo asked faintly, "Pei 'er, what's going on? Did the Ancestral Gragon hatch when she rushed into the steeple? "
Gu Pei 'er nodded, "You can say that."
"The question is, how did she break my barrier?" The middle-aged man who looked like a scholar asked curiously. He couldn't imagine how Luo Zheng could break the barrier that he had painstakingly set up.
Gu Pei 'er smiled faintly and said, "He has the Black Star Pickaxe, a supreme artifact. Qing Feng, no matter how strong your barrier is, it can't block it. The Black Star Pickaxe contains the law of karma, which is much stronger than your own!"
＝＝＝＝＝