Apotheosis – Ascension to Godhood
Vol.1

Chapter 1
Dawn hasn't broken yet. The cold air of late autumn is still strong, and the surroundings are still pitch black.
In the cellar of the Luo family, an oil lamp has been quietly lit. The young man Luo Zheng covers most of the light from the oil lamp. He sits upright in front of the table and quietly takes out a worn-out thread-bound book.
Luo Zheng has just turned 17 this year. He is thin and can't be said to be handsome, but he has a gentle temperament. Especially his eyes, which are very spirited. Even under the dim light of the oil lamp, his eyes are still shining.
"It took me a month to finish reading this' Heaven's Inquisition of the Constitution '. The principles are all good, but I can't agree with the four words' requite evil with good '!" Luo Zheng whispers softly. Looking at the pea-sized flame, his face shows a sad expression: "If it weren't for my father's kindness, if he didn't believe in these four words, my family wouldn't have ended up like this, and my father wouldn't have died …"
After thinking for a long time, the sound of a lock being unlocked suddenly comes from the cellar door. Luo Zheng immediately dispels the sad expression in his eyes, and it is replaced by a face full of determination. At the same time, he nimbly blows out the oil lamp and covers himself with the worn-out quilt.
The cellar's lock is opened, and several footsteps come from afar. The person in the lead comes forward and steps on Luo Zheng's bed. He shouts with a sharp voice: "Are you still sleeping? Get up! Do you still think you're the young master of the Luo family? "
This person is a steward of the Luo family. He has a sharp mouth and monkey cheeks, and a tumor on his forehead. At first glance, he makes people feel disgusted.
Luo Zheng lifts the quilt and deliberately rubs his eyes. He climbs up from the bed and silently puts on his shoes, socks, and clothes. Although these clothes are worn-out, Luo Zheng still wears them meticulously and neatly.
The steward rolled his eyes and said, "Moral character." Then he waved his hand and several servants behind him surrounded Luo Zheng. They put on thick leather armor, handcuffs, and shackles on Luo Zheng's hands and feet.
After finishing this, Luo Zheng walked out of the cellar under the guidance of a servant and headed for the Luo Family's Drill Hall.
The Luo family was a big family in Chongming County. They owned thousands of acres of fertile land and hundreds of mines. They were famous in Chongming County.
However, there were over a thousand counties in the entire Eastern Region. Among them, there were countless Noble Clans. The Luo Clan was not ranked high in the entire Eastern Region.
Escorted by the servants, Luo Zheng crawled out of the gloomy cellar, passed through countless pavilions, terraces, pavilions, bridges, corridors and boats, and finally arrived at the entrance of the Drill Hall.
The Drill Hall was spacious. It was the place where the disciples of the Luo Family practiced. Dragons, phoenixes, and lions were carved with white marble at the entrance. The ground was paved with one-meter square black tortoise stones. Standing at the entrance of the Drill Hall, one could feel the grandeur of the hall.
In the middle of the Martial Arts Hall, dozens of grey-robed disciples of the Luo Family were practicing martial arts under the guidance of the Luo Family's instructor.
The wind from his fists blew, and he shouted again and again.
These disciples of the Luo Family were all in their teens. In order to fight for a certain status in the Luo Family, they studied diligently every day and practiced hard to refine their bodies.
The cold autumn wind was bone-chilling, but their bodies were sweating profusely. Some of them even had steam rising from their heads and white mist curling around them …
On one side of the Drill Hall, there were already more than a dozen men wearing leather armor and shackles on their hands and feet like Luo Zheng's. These men all had a weak aura. Their noses were bruised and their faces were swollen. There were wounds all over their bodies.
After being escorted into the Drill Hall, Luo Zheng stood with these men.
Most of these men with weak auras were prisoners on death row that the Luo Family bought from the local prison. They were bought back and became the slaves of the Luo Family. The purpose of these slaves was to act as human targets for the disciples of the Luo Family to beat, train and test their strength at will. These human targets were beaten to death every year. Who knew how many of them were crippled.
Luo Zheng was not a prisoner on death row that was bought back. He used to be the eldest son of the main branch of the Luo Family, the famous young master. He had a noble status in the Luo Family. When his peers met him, they had to salute him very respectfully. Even the elders of the family were polite to him.
However, two years ago, a major event happened in Chongyang County. Luo Zheng's father, the head of the Luo Family, was poisoned and plotted against by his own brothers. He suddenly died.
Then, the main branch was framed by the other three branches of the Luo Family. They were accused of betraying the family. Under the quarrel between the brothers, the main branch completely declined.
Luo Zheng, as the former young master, was also accused of betraying the family. He was reduced to a slave of the Luo Family and became a human target for the Luo Family. He was beaten by the disciples of the Luo Family to practice martial arts, never to rise again.
This kind of life of being beaten at will had already lasted for two years. In these two years, Luo Zheng had already suffered countless kicks and punches and suffered countless insults.
"Today's martial arts practice ends here. Disciples of the Luo Family, choose your own human target! Hitting the human body will allow you to fully comprehend the skills in actual combat, familiarize yourself with the weaknesses of the human body and the distribution of the bones! "
After the Luo Family's instructor gave the order, the disciples of the Luo Family each looked for their own human target. Soon, the Martial Arts Practice Hall was filled with cries and begging for mercy. These disciples of the Luo Family did not treat these slaves as human beings at all.
Many of them found Luo Zheng and beat him with more vigor and strength. This was because trampling on the former young master gave them a greater sense of accomplishment!
Facing the fists of the Luo Family disciples, Luo Zheng protected the vital parts of his body. His face was expressionless as he calmly responded. This … he was already used to it.
Not long after, a few people suddenly walked in from the entrance of the Martial Arts Practice Hall. The young man in the lead was wearing a brocade robe and was beaming with happiness.
"The young master is here!"
"Young master, you finally came out of seclusion. Looking at your refreshed spirit, you must have made great progress in your cultivation!"
"The young master is talented and intelligent. You are the genius of our Luo Family. You must have entered the Bone Refining Stage!"
The disciples of the Luo Family present stopped beating and talked to the young man in brocade robe one after another. Their flattery was overflowing from their faces.
Luo Zheng's eyes fell on the young man in brocade robe. An imperceptible anger quietly rose in his heart. The young man in brocade robe, the "young master" of the Luo Family disciples, was called Luo Peiran. He used to be the eldest son of the second branch and was about the same age as Luo Zheng.
After Luo Zheng was demoted to a slave, Luo Peiran replaced Luo Zheng and became the young master of the Luo Family.
Some time ago, it was said that Luo Peiran was in seclusion for cultivation and did not appear for a long time. Now that he came out of seclusion, it seemed that Luo Peiran's strength had improved again!
Luo Peiran's perception was very sharp. He was aware of Luo Zheng's unfriendly gaze. He turned his head to look at Luo Zheng. A playful smile appeared on his face. He walked in front of Luo Zheng and said, "Luo Zheng, I have been in seclusion for a long time. I didn't expect you to still be alive."
"Thank you for your kind words. I won't die," Luo Zheng replied in a muffled voice.
"Impudent! What kind of tone is this? How dare you speak to the young master like this? "
"You are just a slave. Why don't you kneel down? Quickly prostrate yourself on the ground and apologize to the young master. Otherwise, you will regret being born into this world. "
Several disciples of the Luo Family shouted. Looking at them, it was as if Luo Zheng had dug up their ancestral graves.
Luo Zheng looked around coldly. In the past, these disciples of the Luo Family were like dogs in front of him. They did not even dare to breathe loudly. Now that he had lost power, each and every one of them changed faces faster than flipping a book. They immediately became Luo Peiran's dogs.
Luo Peiran waved his hand and stopped those excited disciples of the Luo Family. He said to Luo Zheng with a smug expression, "Luo Zheng, do you know why I was in seclusion?"
Luo Zheng did not speak. He only looked at Luo Peiran with a gloomy expression.
"You should know that our Luo Family has two Worldly Creation Pills. Some time ago, I ate one of them. "Luo Peiran smacked his lips and said," This Worldly Creation Pill is indeed extraordinary. The pure medicinal power cleansed my body, allowing me to be reborn. I jumped from the Flesh Refinement Stage to the Bone Refinement Stage. Moreover, only a tenth of the medicinal power was used. It remained in my body and continuously nourished my body. I am only a fine line away from entering the Organ Refinement Stage. The Marrow Refinement Stage is just around the corner! "
The Worldly Creation Pill!
These two pills were the most precious treasures of the Luo Family. They were sacred medicines left behind by their ancestors. It was said that they were stored in the most hidden place of the family. Ordinary people were not allowed to use them.
According to the ancestral teachings, only disciples of the Luo Family who had reached the Bone Refinement Stage before the age of sixteen were qualified to use the Worldly Creation Pill.
The five realms of the Physical Body were divided into five major realms: the first was the Skin Refinement Stage, the second was the Flesh Refinement Stage, the third was the Bone Refinement Stage, the fourth was the Organ Refinement Stage, and the fifth was the Marrow Refinement Stage. The difference between each realm was huge. It was extremely difficult for an ordinary person to break through. Without dozens of years of tempering, it was impossible to break through.
An ordinary person who reached the third level of the Bone Refinement Stage before the age of thirty was considered to be extremely talented.
However, according to the ancestral teachings, only those who had reached the third level of the Bone Refinement Stage before the age of sixteen were qualified to use the Worldly Creation Pill!
To reach the Bone Refinement Stage before the age of sixteen was undoubtedly a genius among geniuses. Not to mention the Luo Family, even in the entire Chongming County, there had never been such a person. Therefore, for the past three hundred years, the Worldly Creation Pill had never been used.
Originally, Luo Zheng was the most promising person to take the Worldly Creation Pill.
At the age of fourteen, he had reached the peak of the second level of the Flesh Refinement Stage and was hailed as the hope of revitalizing the Luo Family by Royal Prince Chongyang. He was favored by the heavens and was a genius among geniuses!
Unfortunately, in this year, there was internal strife within the family. His father was harmed by his own brother because of his pure heart. Luo Zheng was demoted to a servant and became a human target. He was reduced to a prisoner and his cultivation stagnated. He missed the opportunity to take the Worldly Creation Pill.
Luo Peiran's talent was ordinary and he had just reached the second level of the Flesh Refinement Stage at the age of sixteen. He was not qualified to take the Worldly Creation Pill, but he still took it.
The Worldly Creation Pill belonged to him, but it was eaten by this kind of untalented trash. Even though Luo Zheng's temperament had been completely smoothed out over the past two years, he still could not help but become agitated. He angrily said, "Luo Peiran, you dare to disregard the Luo Family's ancestral teachings and take the sacred medicine for yourself. You're worse than an animal!"
"Hmph, in my eyes, you're worse than an insect in the cracks of a rock! I've already stepped into the peak of the Bone Refinement Stage. I can hold a thousand jin in one hand. You're just a mere servant. I can crush you with one hand. Today, I've come out of seclusion to celebrate, so I'll first find a human target to test my strength on! " Luo Peiran did not take Luo Zheng's words to heart. Speaking to here, he casually pointed and said, "I choose you!"
He did not choose Luo Zheng. Instead, he found a middle-aged man. When the middle-aged man saw Luo Peiran point at him, his entire body suddenly trembled. Although he wore thick leather armor on his chest that could withstand a lot of damage, facing the Bone Refinement Stage Luo Peiran, he could not help but shiver. His crotch was suddenly wet.
Then Luo Peiran took a deep breath. He clenched his hands into fists and assumed the posture of the Luo Family's "Red Sandalwood Fist". He wanted to show off, so he operated his heart technique to the extreme. His entire body was faintly shrouded in a faint purple light.
"Spare … spare my life … Young Master, please spare my life!" When the human target saw Luo Peiran's imposing manner, his eyes revealed an expression of despair. If this fist came crashing down, he would definitely die. He begged for mercy and was about to kneel down.
"Boom!"
How could Luo Peiran listen to the human target's pleas for mercy? This fist hit the center of the human target's chest. There was a dull sound. The leather armor on the human target's chest was forcibly broken into pieces. His entire chest was shattered. The human target directly hit the wall of the Drill Hall and bounced to the ground, motionless.
With just one punch, he had killed the fully armed human target.
"Young Master's fist is mighty. I'm afraid we can't find a second one among the young people of the Luo Family!"
"Young Master will definitely revitalize the Luo Family and bring the Luo Family to greater heights!"
The Luo Family's children seized the opportunity to madly flatter him.
Luo Peiran seemed to be very satisfied with the effect of this fist. Then he looked at Luo Zheng with evil intentions.
Luo Zheng subconsciously took a step back. Even though his foundation was quite a bit stronger than that middle-aged man's, he still couldn't take Luo Peiran's fist.
Luo Peiran chuckled. He reached out his hand and fiercely patted Luo Zheng's shoulder. "Don't worry, I won't beat you to death so quickly. I want you to see that I, Luo Peiran, am much stronger than trash like you!"
When Luo Peiran finished speaking and was about to leave, he suddenly thought of something. He turned around and said, "Right, I forgot something. I heard that my genius cousin didn't do well in the Blue Cloud Sect. She offended a great figure and was sent to Purgatory Mountain to reflect on her mistakes! When I enter the Viscera Refinement Realm, I'll go to the Blue Cloud Sect to save her, hahaha … "
When he heard this, Luo Zheng's heart immediately tightened!
＝＝＝＝＝

Chapter 2
Luo Zheng didn't care if he was demoted to a servant. He didn't care if he became a target for the disciples of the Luo Clan. Even if the Heaven and Earth Fortune Pill that should have been his was taken by Luo Peiran, he still didn't care.
However, his sister, Luo Yan, was his biggest weakness!
Luo Yan was the only hope of the Luo Clan. It was also because Luo Yan's talent was extremely high that she was accepted as an inner disciple of the Blue Cloud Sect at the age of thirteen. She left the Luo Clan and was able to survive the turmoil of the clan.
In these two years, Luo Zheng didn't know any news about his sister because of his status as a servant. Now that he heard from Luo Peiran, his sister's situation seemed to be very bad. He immediately fell into endless worry.
He even forgot to dodge when the disciples of the Luo Clan beat him up. He took a few solid punches before he finally reacted …
At night, Luo Zheng returned to the cellar with injuries all over his body.
"This is your medicine!" The steward of the Luo Clan casually threw down a paper bag and retreated outside.
After all, the human targets weren't made of steel. If they didn't have medicine to treat their injuries, they would die in a few days due to the accumulation of internal injuries. Therefore, the Luo Clan would distribute medicine to these human targets every day.
However, these medicines were all ordinary medicines and their healing effects weren't very good.
Luo Zheng opened the paper bag and saw that there was only one pill inside. His face darkened and he angrily said: "Steward Fang! Why is there only one pill today? "
"You should be thankful that there's enough for you to eat. What? You think it's too little? "Steward Fang said indifferently.
"The Luo Clan distributes three healing pills every day. Now there's only one. It's obvious that you embezzled it. In the Luo Clan, embezzlement is a serious crime. Steward Fang, aren't you afraid of death?" Luo Zheng shouted sternly, his eyes fixed on Steward Fang.
"Hey, of course I'm afraid. However, I'm not afraid of a little servant like you. What? You want to rebel? I just can't stand your attitude. You always think you're a master. Bah! Why don't you look in the mirror and see what you look like! Hahaha! "Steward Fang's every word was ear-piercing.
Hearing this, Luo Zheng calmed down. His clear eyes looked at Steward Fang indifferently, but there was a deep murderous intent hidden in his eyes, as if he was looking at a dead object.
Seeing Luo Zheng's expression, Steward Fang felt a little scared. He walked up and poked Luo Zheng's chest with his hand. "You're not convinced? Why are you looking at me like that? Do you want to eat me? "
Luo Zheng abruptly exerted strength in his chest. With a forceful shake, the force was transmitted to Steward Fang's body. Steward Fang immediately staggered and fell to the ground.
"You … You're just a mere servant. You want to rebel?" Steward Fang crawled up from the ground, his face full of panic.
Luo Zheng took two steps forward and cracked his knuckles. He said sternly, "Even a steward with a different surname dares to be so arrogant. Do you really think I don't dare to touch you?"
Seeing this, Steward Fang didn't want to stay here for a moment longer. He took to his heels and fled outside, closing the cellar's iron door with a bang.
"The actions of a lowly person!" Luo Zheng sneered and shook his head. He was too lazy to argue with this kind of person.
He quietly sat down and took out a match to light an oil lamp. He hastily flipped through a few pages of a book. He was worried about his sister, Luo Yan. How could he read with such an impatient heart?
I can't stay in the Luo Family any longer! But my strength is only in the Flesh Refining Realm. Let alone going to the Blue Cloud Sect, I can't even take half a step out of the Luo Family's cellar.
Luo Zheng walked quickly in the narrow cellar. His chest was heaving up and down like a trapped beast that couldn't find an exit.
Strength. My strength is still too weak. Otherwise, how could a small Luo Family trap me?
But in this world, cultivation is done step by step, one step at a time. Now that I'm a servant, I have to be a human target every day. I have no time to cultivate. If this continues, I'll be beaten to death sooner or later.
The more he thought about it, the more anxious he became. He cast his gaze on the table. The shabby 《Heavenly Dao Constitution》 quietly lay there.
"This kind of broken book has a lot of principles, but it's useless to me. What's the point of reading it?" Luo Zheng bitterly picked up the book and tore it from the middle. He put it on the oil lamp and burned it to the ground.
The bean-sized flame instantly ignited the book, emitting a raging flame.
Looking at the book gradually burning, Luo Zheng's heart gave birth to a trace of regret. He complained, "Luo Zheng, oh Luo Zheng, why must you vent your anger on a book? This book teaches people to be good. What's wrong with being sensible and knowing shame? What's wrong is that you're weak and can only be manipulated by others, like a lamb waiting to be slaughtered! "
Unfortunately, the fire was fierce and the book had already turned into a pile of ashes.
Just as he was feeling vexed, Luo Zheng suddenly saw a ray of golden light among the ashes.
"Huh? What's this? "
Luo Zheng brushed the ashes aside and picked up the ray of golden light. He found a thin piece of gold leaf.
When he flipped through the book before, he didn't find this piece of gold leaf. Presumably, this piece of gold leaf was hidden in the middle of the book.
What's the use of a mere piece of gold leaf?
In this world, there was no lack of gold. Especially for a big family like the Luo family, gold was as cheap as dirt!
However, when Luo Zheng's gaze focused on the gold leaf, something strange happened!
On the gold leaf, there were densely engraved characters. These characters were shaped like tadpoles. Luo Zheng didn't recognize a single one of them.
Under his gaze, this piece of gold leaf quickly disintegrated into thousands of small pieces of gold leaf. Each small piece of gold leaf was engraved with a tadpole character. These small pieces of gold leaf stuck to Luo Zheng.
On his face, in his eyes, neck, arms, body, legs … …
Every part of Luo Zheng's body was covered with these small pieces of gold leaf.
The last small piece of gold leaf shot directly into Luo Zheng's brain. Luo Zheng's whole body trembled violently as if he was hit by a big hammer. At the same time, the small pieces of gold leaf on his body shone brightly.
When the golden light gradually faded, these thousands of small pieces of gold leaf also quietly disappeared into Luo Zheng's body. Some memories appeared in his mind out of nowhere, some memories that didn't belong to him.
"The Supreme Refining Method … …"
"The Number One Refining Method of All Time … …"
"Using the body as the tool, using my own body as the spirit, refining and cleansing my body, I can become the Hongmeng … …"
This was a refining method?
Although Luo Zheng didn't know how to refine, he knew that refining was a highly sought after profession. Even with the Luo family's strong financial resources, they still couldn't recruit the lowest level refining master. It was obvious that refining masters were in high demand.
But using the body as the tool, what did this mean?
Could it be … … this refining method was to refine one's own body into a magic weapon?
This unbelievable conjecture quickly became a reality.
He suddenly found that his body began to heat up unceasingly, just like a fever. His temperature rose sharply.
So hot! If this went on, his whole body would be roasted.
In a hurry, he rushed to the end of the cellar where there was a water tank. This water tank was for Luo Zheng to get water from.
Without even thinking, he jumped into the water tank.
"Sizzle … …"
Steam billowed out from the water tank. After a while, the water in the tank was evaporated by his body temperature. The whole cellar was filled with mist.
So much water, but Luo Zheng's body temperature didn't drop. Instead, it got higher and higher. His skin emitted a dark red light, just like a piece of red-hot iron.
In the end, he spun around twice in the same place, and then fell into the cellar full of mist.
In Luo Zheng's mind, an inconceivable change was taking place.
In his mind, a huge furnace suddenly appeared. The furnace was dark green, and there were nine dragon carvings on the walls of the furnace.
Each of the dragon reliefs had a different color. There were cyan, black, white, purple … … these dragon reliefs were baring their fangs and brandishing their claws, looking very lifelike.
Eight of the dragons had their eyes closed. Only the eyes of the bottommost Qinglong were open, staring at Luo Zheng.
That Qinglong's eyes seemed to have settled down for tens of millions of years. Looking at Luo Zheng indifferently, he felt a great power.
Ge ge ge ge ge ge … …
Under the gaze of the dragon eyes, Luo Zheng's soul was constantly trembling. Soon, cracks appeared on his soul body, showing signs of collapse.
Just as Luo Zheng's soul was about to collapse, a dragon roar came from Qinglong's mouth. Then, the huge furnace started to rotate, and a strange flame ignited in the furnace.
It was a black flame!
In this world, there was actually a flame of this color, which seemed to be able to burn everything in the world!
Before Luo Zheng could exclaim in surprise, the huge furnace came down on his head, and the raging black flame immediately wrapped around his soul.
The pain of the soul being burned was not something an ordinary person could endure. However, Luo Zheng was in a soul state, so he couldn't even faint. He could only grit his teeth and bear the pain.
"Ah ah ah ah, let me die!"
At this moment, Luo Zheng only wanted to die to relieve this pain.
But for him, even death was an extravagant hope. He was in a soul state, so he couldn't bite his tongue to commit suicide.
Every time his soul couldn't hold on, it would shatter and be annihilated.
Suddenly, the furnace would emit a seven-colored light, which immediately repaired Luo Zheng's soul.
In this way, it was burned, shattered, repaired, burned again, shattered again, repaired again … …
Over and over again, endlessly.
This pain of hovering between life and death lasted for an unknown amount of time, but in the end, it stopped.
"Finally, it's over." Luo Zheng let out a long sigh. Thinking of the pain just now, he still had a lingering fear. At the same time, he found that his soul was emitting a faint golden light.
After a long time, he separated from his mind and slowly woke up.
In his mind, the huge furnace had stopped rotating, but the black flame in the furnace didn't go out. It was just that the fire was restrained, so it didn't look so terrible.
Luo Zheng already understood that his soul and body had been tempered by the furnace just now.
The world was big, and there were all kinds of strange things. Some refining masters used all kinds of strange methods to refine weapons. Some refining masters didn't hesitate to kill people and collect human blood to refine magic weapons. There were even some who sealed a person's soul into a weapon, turning it into an evil weapon.
However, this refining method was actually to refine one's own body into a magic weapon. This method was unheard of. It was really too crazy … …
Fortune and misfortune lay in wait. After calming down, Luo Zheng also thought it through. This kind of thing happened to him, so it wasn't necessarily a bad thing!
The magic weapons in this world were divided into five stages: Profound Weapon, Spiritual Weapon, Immortal Weapon, Sacred Weapon, Divine Weapon, and Grandmist Spiritual Treasure. Each stage was also divided into high, middle, and low grades.
Luo Zheng's body had just been refined into a magic weapon, which was only the lowest grade of Profound Weapon.
Using the grade of a magic weapon to describe himself was indeed a very strange thing. Luo Zheng's face showed a trace of a bitter smile.
Looking out from the cellar's only vent, the sky was already bright. Unknowingly, he had been tormented for an entire night.
It was strange that after a sleepless night, he didn't feel the slightest bit tired. Instead, he was in high spirits, and his spirit was very good.
Moreover, at this moment, his mood had also calmed down, and he didn't feel as anxious as last night. The principle in the book was right. Every sip and every bite was predetermined. Only by stabilizing the state of mind could one face things calmly.

Chapter 3
Steward Fang was punished yesterday, but he didn't see him today. After a few servants put on leather armor and shackles for Luo Zheng, he was taken to the Martial Arts Hall.
As usual, a group of Luo Family disciples were training hard in the Martial Arts Hall in the morning mist.
With their bare arms, they punched the rows of stone men in the corner with all their might. Every time their fists landed on a stone man, there would be a slight explosion, and even the air would vibrate along with it.
The human targets standing on the other side were all grief-stricken, their faces drooping, and their mouths full of bitterness.
This kind of life of being punched and kicked day and night was really hard to endure. Sometimes, with a body full of injuries, they would lie in bed, tossing and turning in pain, unable to sleep. Unfortunately, they had no freedom at all. They had no choice but to be beaten.
"Human targets, stand properly!" The Luo Family instructor shouted loudly.
All the human targets stood in a row, their backs straight. The human targets knew the instructor's temper very well. If they were the slightest bit careless, they would be whipped. The Luo Family instructor's whip was not an ordinary whip. The slightest touch would cause their skin to split open.
The Luo Family disciples each chose their own human targets. The one who chose Luo Zheng was a branch family disciple with a body as sturdy as a bear. This branch family disciple was called Luo Dalong.
When the other human targets saw that Luo Zheng was chosen by Luo Dalong, they all showed a pitiful expression.
This Luo Dalong's talent was average. His strength was only in the Skin Refining Realm, but he was born with divine strength. His strength was comparable to someone in the Flesh Refining Realm. Moreover, he was ferocious, even a bit brutal. Many human targets were either killed or injured by him. Being chosen by him as a human target was undoubtedly very miserable.
Luo Dalong raised his fist and warmed up a bit. He looked at Luo Zheng with a hint of excitement. Recently, there were fewer prisoners on death row. Many of them were bought by other families. The Luo Family's human targets had been difficult to replenish, so the Luo Family's human targets could be considered a scarce resource.
Beating the human targets could not only exercise the body, but also vent the unhappiness in his heart. This was the reason why Luo Dalong was so excited. What was even more valuable was that this human target was once the Luo Family's young master.
The once high and mighty Young Patriarch was now begging for mercy under his fist. Just thinking about it made him feel good.
Facing Luo Dalong, Luo Zheng frowned. This Luo Dalong's strength was especially great. Last time, he had suffered a loss under this person's fist. He was beaten by this person and suffered internal injuries. He had to rest for half a month to recover.
However, after two years of being a human target, he had learned to be as calm as still water. He quickly calmed down and even carefully adjusted the leather armor on his chest. Only then did he straighten his posture and face Luo Dalong.
Then, Luo Dalong rushed towards him. Luo Dalong practiced an extremely fierce and overbearing fist technique called "Raging Bull Rushing Fist". This fist technique was fierce and overbearing, full of power.
Luo Dalong was like an enraged bull. Bringing along a burst of chaotic wind, he threw a Bull Rushing Punch straight at Luo Zheng's chest.
Luo Zheng took a deep breath and puffed out his chest. This way, he could rely on his leather armor to offset the power of the punch to the greatest extent.
"Puff!"
Although the thick leather armor on his chest reduced the power of the punch, the powerful force of the punch still seeped through the leather armor and hit his chest like a muffled hammer. At this moment, he quickly exhaled the air in his chest, making his chest deflate in an instant.
"Deflecting Force!"
Exhaling the air quickly made his chest shrink to form a buffer zone, which could offset the opponent's power again. This little trick was also the secret of Luo Zheng's survival as a human target for two years!
However, Luo Dalong's punch was too fierce. After the power was reduced twice, it was still overbearing. Luo Zheng's face showed a trace of a bitter smile. His whole body was like a kite with a broken string, and he fell back heavily.
Lying on the ground, Luo Zheng was still a little dizzy. He thought that he was finished this time. This punch would probably cause him serious internal injuries. But at this moment, he strangely found that he didn't feel the slightest bit of pain.
Not only did he not feel pain, but a strange warm current emerged from his chest. As soon as the warm current appeared, Luo Zheng's body immediately reacted. He felt that his body was like a hungry wolf, quickly swallowing up the warm current.
Then the warm current spread to his internal organs, his four limbs, his hair, and his skin, making his whole body feel warm. Not only did he not feel pain, but he also felt extremely comfortable.
"What's going on?" Luo Zheng's face was full of astonishment. "This warm current is actually cleansing my body!"
Although Luo Zheng had been reduced to a servant, he was, after all, the young master of the Luo family. He still had this kind of knowledge.
Medicines that could cleanse the body were very rare. For example, the Luo family's Heaven and Earth Fortune Elixir had the effect of cleansing the body. But how rare was the Heaven and Earth Fortune Elixir? The Luo family had only accumulated two Heaven and Earth Fortune Elixirs in several hundred years. From this point, one could see how precious it was.
This warm current that could cleanse the body appeared without reason. Luo Zheng lay on the ground and thought for a while. Soon, he connected the dots that appeared yesterday.
"Using my body as a tool, using my own body as a spirit, tempering my body thousands of times, cleansing my body …"
Could it be that this so-called thousands of times of tempering was to be beaten?
Just like what was recorded in the gold foil, his own body was like a magical weapon. Didn't refining weapons require thousands of times of tempering in order to forge a high-grade magical weapon?
As long as he was beaten, he could produce a warm current that could cleanse the body! As long as he was beaten, it was equal to continuously swallowing Heaven and Earth Fortune Elixirs!
Thinking of this possibility, Luo Zheng's mind became heated. His heart even trembled with excitement.
In order to verify his guess, Luo Zheng got up.
Although he wasn't injured and Luo Dalong's punch had greatly benefited him, he still pretended to be in pain and stood up with great difficulty. In order to pretend to be more realistic, he even trembled non-stop.
When Luo Dalong saw Luo Zheng get up, his trembling face revealed an astonished expression. He originally thought that after taking this punch, Luo Zheng would be crippled if not dead. However, Luo Zheng was actually able to get up. This made Luo Dalong feel somewhat embarrassed.
"Heh, as expected of someone at the peak of the Flesh Refinement Realm. You're so resilient! Lie down for me! "After saying this, Luo Dalong threw another punch straight at Luo Zheng.
"Boom!"
Luo Zheng was sent flying again. He was like a human-shaped sandbag, rolling several times on the ground. When he landed, he secretly felt refreshed. That warm current appeared again the moment he was beaten. It turned into small snakes that drilled into his internal organs and meridians, constantly refining his body and cleansing his organs.
It was too comfortable. Luo Zheng felt as if he was bathing in the spring breeze. His whole body was extremely comfortable. His eyes were brimming with vigor. The more he was hit, the brighter and more energetic his eyes became.
"Go to hell!"
"Bang!"
"I'll kill you!"
"Boom!"
Every time a warm current appeared, it purified Luo Zheng's body. To Luo Zheng, Luo Dalong was a hardworking blacksmith, constantly tempering Luo Zheng's "magical weapon" with his own fists.
This kind of beating continued for quite a while before Luo Dalong stopped. Panting, he looked at Luo Zheng on the ground. He was extremely surprised. Before this, he had heard that Luo Zheng could take a beating very well. He didn't expect this guy to be so tenacious. After taking so many punches from him, he could still get up. Although he was trembling every time he got up, it looked like he was struggling very much …
How could Luo Dalong know that Luo Zheng's weak and feeble appearance was completely faked? In fact, he was full of vitality and was enjoying the refreshing feeling of the warm current washing his body.
When those human targets saw this scene, they secretly cursed Luo Zheng for being an idiot. Since he couldn't get up, he shouldn't force himself. In any case, he could have been sent back to rest for a day. Now that he got up, he was still beaten. Wasn't this shameless? Could it be that this guy was addicted to being a human target and liked to be beaten by others?
Luo Zheng didn't get up for the last time. In fact, he was somewhat unsatisfied. He was addicted to the feeling of the warm current washing his body!
However, he was beaten down again and again and got up again and again. It was really too valiant.
If he got up again, he was afraid that this show couldn't go on. It was inevitable that someone would see a flaw and suspect him. Therefore, he decided … to get beaten again tomorrow.
Seeing that Luo Zheng couldn't get up again, Luo Dalong was relieved. If he couldn't even beat him down, he would have lost a lot of face.
At night, Luo Zheng limped back to the cellar. When the Luo family's servants locked the cellar door, he was immediately full of energy.
Today, Steward Fang still didn't show up. Instead, the servants sent over three pills. This time, he didn't embezzle the pills. It was enough.
Yesterday, he punished Steward Fang a little and he became obedient? Luo Zheng shook his head. He didn't believe it.
He was very clear about the thoughts of a villain like Steward Fang. He definitely wouldn't let it go. He reckoned that Steward Fang was hatching some evil plan to harm him.
Who cares! He had to be wary of this kind of villain. However, he also couldn't take him too seriously. He would deal with whatever came his way.
He threw the three pills to the side. With his current body condition, he didn't need these cheap pills.
After being beaten up for the whole day, his body was very dirty. Then, he took off his clothes and scooped out a large ladle of cold water from the water tank. He poured it from head to toe.
Hualalala …
The clear and transparent cold water poured down from his head. When it flowed to the ground, it became black muddy water. The black muddy water was mixed with some light white impurities.
When he was being beaten, he discovered that because of the warm current washing, the impurities in his body were constantly being forced out.
What was the Flesh Refining Realm?
It was to refine out the impurities in the body.
What was the Bone Refining Realm?
It was to refine out the impurities in the bones.
What was the Viscera Refining Realm?
It was …
The Five Stages of the Flesh Refining Realm was a process of refining the body. First, the skin was refined, then the flesh was refined, then the bones were refined, and then the organs were refined. From the outside to the inside, it was done step by step. When the impurities in the spinal cord were all cleaned out, one could break through the Flesh Refining Realm and raise one's life to a higher level.
The biggest difference between Luo Zheng and other people was that he needed to rely on his own training to be able to remove the impurities in his body. This process was very slow and needed to accumulate over a long period of time. If it was short, it would take a few years. If it was long, it would take a few decades or even a lifetime.
However, Luo Zheng now needed to passively take a beating. Using the warm current that was comparable to the Heaven and Earth Fortune Pill to wash himself, he could expel the impurities in his body!
Compared to other people who painstakingly cultivated and could only expel a little bit of impurities in a year, his speed was a hundred times or even a thousand times faster!
Luo Zheng was already at the peak of the Flesh Refining Realm. However, because he had been a human target for the past two years and had no time to cultivate, his realm had remained at the peak of the Flesh Refining Realm.
However, after today's beating, the impurities in his body had been washed out. He felt that his body seemed to have undergone a qualitative change. His body was already incomparably pure. When he was bathing just now, he had already discovered that among the black impurities, there was also a portion of light white impurities.
The impurities that were expelled from his body were pure black filth. As for the light white impurities, they were the impurities that he had forced out from his bones. This was the proof that he had entered the Bone Refining Realm!
He moved his iron bed aside and opened up a space in the cellar. He operated the Red Sandalwood Fist. His entire body was bathed in a layer of purple light. This layer of purple light was actually comparable to the purple light that covered Luo Peiran's body.
He punched the air, and the air immediately produced an explosive sound.
"Bo!"
The powerful sound wave produced a scattered airflow. The candles, papers, and other small objects in the cellar were stirred into a mess.
Unfortunately, the cellar was narrow and there was no stone lock. The stone man could allow him to test his strength, but he was also afraid of making too much noise and letting others know.

Chapter 4
That night, Luo Zheng was so excited that he couldn't sleep. He only slept for two hours, but he was still full of energy.
Early the next morning, the Luo family's servants opened the cellar's lock, put on the leather armor and shackles on Luo Zheng, and took him out.
After entering the Bone Refining stage, his body had undergone a qualitative change. This change was hard to describe. Even small things like walking had changed. Every step he took was easier, more coordinated, and more effortless.
If it weren't for these damned shackles restraining him, he would have wanted to run forward.
Under the guidance of the servants, Luo Zheng found that there was something wrong with this road.
The entire Luo family occupied a large area, but the family's planning was in order. Except for the Martial Arts Hall, the Discussion Pavilion, the Herb Garden, and the Weapon Refining Workshop, which were shared by the family, were basically planned in the front yard of the residence.
But now, this road took a detour, and seemed to be going to the backyard of the Luo family!
Luo Zheng's brows slightly wrinkled. He didn't say anything, and just waited and watched.
He hadn't been to the backyard of the Luo family for a long time. The appearance of this place had changed a lot, especially the residence of the second and third branches of the Luo family. There were many pavilions, terraces, and pavilions. They also opened up several ponds, built small bridges over flowing water, and built water pavilions.
The workmanship of these buildings was so exquisite that it made people gasp in amazement. The carved beams and painted rafters, the patterns of dragons and phoenixes, were all painted with gold, and the roofs were installed with shining gems …
Seeing the actions of the second and third branches, Luo Zheng couldn't help but sigh. Although the Luo family had a rich heritage, and this amount of money was nothing, in today's world, only the strong could survive. For a martial artist, glory, splendor, wealth, and rank were only trivial. If a family was content to enjoy life …
This Luo family would most likely be defeated by the hands of his second and third uncles.
After passing by a pond, Luo Zheng turned into another courtyard.
In this courtyard, there were two people sitting opposite each other, drinking tea. They were very happy.
Luo Zheng took a closer look. One of them was Steward Fang, who had disappeared for two days. The other person was an old man over fifty years old, dressed in silk and satin. Luo Zheng also knew this old man. His name was Huang Ge, and he was originally a servant of the Luo Residence.
Because Huang Ge's wife was the wet nurse of his third uncle's eldest son, Luo Chengyun, coupled with the fact that Huang Ge was very good at flattering and studying relationships, he had a very good relationship with the third branch of the Luo family, and his status was rising steadily.
Now that Second Uncle and Third Uncle had taken control of the Luo Clan, Huang Ge's status had risen even more. He had become the head steward of the Luo Clan, and even the branch descendants of the Luo Clan were nothing in his eyes.
Luo Zheng had long heard about his arrogance.
Luo Zheng hadn't even walked in when he heard Steward Fang say to Huang Ge, "Lord Huang, the courtyard that young master Chengyun bestowed upon you is truly a work of fine quality. If I'm not mistaken, the jade dragon carved on the door plaque is made from the finest corundum seed material, correct?"
Huang Ge laughed mischievously and said: "You really know your stuff. It's not just the jade dragon. Look at the glazed roof tiles and that copper lion. They were all made by the best craftsmen in Chongyang County … …"
After Steward Fang appraised them one by one, he clicked his tongue and said: "Elder Huang, everything about your small courtyard is good, but it's lacking something!"
"My courtyard has everything it wants. What could it possibly lack?" Huang Ge said proudly.
Steward Fang giggled, "Of course, you're lacking a nimble servant who can take care of your daily needs. See, I've brought this person here for you. With this person as your servant, I guarantee that you'll have a lot of face!"
"Who is this person?" Huang Ge asked curiously.
Steward Fang pointed to the entrance of the courtyard and said: "Elder Huang, look!"
Huang Ge followed Steward Fang's finger and saw Luo Zheng at a glance. How could he not recognize the former famous young master of the Luo family?
Luo Zheng stood at the entrance of the courtyard. He had heard Steward Fang and Huang Ge's words without the slightest error. A burst of anger rose in his heart. These two dog slaves had such big words and were too impudent.
Although he, Luo Zheng, had been demoted to a servant, this was his Luo family's matter.
Even ordinary branch family descendants didn't dare to be too unreasonable in front of him. After all, Luo Zheng's status in the past was still there, and he was the eldest son of the eldest branch.
That Steward Fang actually dared to instigate Huang Ge and order him around like a servant who served tea and poured water!
Huang Ge sized up Luo Zheng with his eyes, and a sinister smile floated on his wrinkled old face. "Asking this kid to take care of my food and daily life is quite appropriate. I just don't know if Young Master Chengyun will have any opinions?"
"Don't worry, Elder Huang. You are the head steward of our Luo family. With just a casual word, you can transfer Luo Zheng from the Martial Arts Hall here. This Luo Zheng is now nothing more than a servant without any status. Every day, he has to be sent to the Martial Arts Hall to be beaten until he wails like ghosts and howls like wolves. How comfortable would it be to be a servant here? At most, he would just have to pour a basin of feces and urine … "Steward Fang continued.
Steward Fang's words moved Huang Ge. For someone like Huang Ge who had climbed up from the bottom, what he valued the most was face. The former young master of the Luo family had to personally pour a chamber pot for him. This was indeed an interesting matter. Huang Ge nodded and asked Steward Fang: "How about we do it this way?"
"Let's do it this way!" After Steward Fang nodded, he stood up and called several servants to bring Luo Zheng in.
However, Luo Zheng stood in the same place, motionless. No matter how the servants dragged him, he didn't move an inch.
Although these servants had some strength, how could they move Luo Zheng who was in the Bone Refining stage?
Luo Zheng's feet were like wedges that had been hit by heavy hammers, deeply nailed to the ground. The servants exerted all their strength, sweating profusely and gasping for breath.
"Luo Zheng, I'm giving you a chance to serve Master Huang. Don't refuse a toast only to be forced to drink a forfeit!" Steward Fang said with a flick of his sleeve.
At this moment, Luo Zheng's eyes flashed with an ominous glint, and he roared. After entering the Bone Refining stage, the contraction of the ribs in his chest was even stronger. This roar was like a thunderclap, shaking the ears of the servants and Huang Ge. It was very uncomfortable.
"Huang Ge, Fang Cong! Even if my second uncle, Luo Bingquan, was here, he wouldn't dare to ask me to serve him. You two lowly servants with different surnames are actually so arrogant. I don't know who gave you the courage to talk nonsense as if there was no one around. You want me to serve you? "
Luo Zheng's aura surged towards Steward Fang, instantly scaring Steward Fang until he retreated a few steps back and hid behind Huang Ge.
Steward Fang deliberately brought Luo Zheng here today to let Huang Ge deal with Luo Zheng. Now that he saw Luo Zheng's agitated appearance, he knew that this matter was already half done. Steward Huang Ge climbed up step by step from a servant, and he hated it when people called him lowly. This time, Luo Zheng was afraid that he wouldn't be able to bear the consequences.
Hearing Luo Zheng's words, Huang Ge didn't move. He narrowed his eyes and said gloomily, "Luo Zheng, don't forget your current status. You're the lowest servant, not the former young master. The current young master is called Luo Peiran, not Luo Zheng. It's your honor to be called a human target to serve me."
"Scram!"
Luo Zheng shook hard, and the servants were suddenly bounced off him, falling to the ground.
Seeing this scene, Huang Ge continued, "Luo Zheng, you're a sinner, don't tell me you want to rebel? According to the clan's rules, you'll be put to death by a thousand cuts! "
Luo Zheng sneered and strode into the courtyard. As he walked, he laughed and said, "Clan rules? A person with a different surname dares to talk about clan rules in front of me? Today, I'll let you understand what clan rules are! "
After saying this, Luo Zheng raised his hand and was about to hit Huang Ge. Suddenly, a burst of popping sounds came from his bones. That was the sound of bones cracking when he used his strength to the extreme.
"Luo Zheng, don't you dare! If you hit me, young master Chengyun definitely won't let you off. You're just a human target with no power or influence in the Luo family. Aren't you afraid of being beaten to death … "Huang Ge said calmly.
"Slap!"
As soon as Huang Ge's voice fell, Luo Zheng's slap had already swept across his face. After entering the Bone Refining stage, Luo Zheng's strength had almost doubled. Although this slap wasn't at full strength, it still wasn't light.
Huang Ge's old face was deathly pale at first. Then, five fingerprints floated up, as clear as if they were imprinted on his face. Half of his face was swollen like a pig's head.
"Luo family's rules. Talking nonsense and criticizing others. Slap your mouth!"
"Slap!"
"Luo family's rules. Helping a villain do evil. Opinionated. Slap your mouth!"
"Slap your mouth!"
"Luo family's rules. Stirring up trouble. Inverting black and white. Slap your mouth!"
"Slap your mouth!"
"Luo family's rules …"
"Slap!"
With each slap, a cloud of blood burst out. Steward Fang saw this scene and his whole body trembled.
This … this …
This was a little different from the script he had imagined. This Luo Zheng was usually treated as a human target. He didn't seem to have any temper and had a resigned look. How come he even dared to hit Old Huang now?
Steward Fang didn't understand that Luo Zheng had resigned himself to adversity because he didn't want to bicker with servants like them.
At this time, many of the Luo family's disciples had already gathered at the door. When they saw this scene, their faces were full of surprise. At the same time, they felt relieved.
This chief steward, Huang Ge, relied on his relationship with Luo Chengyun to run amok in the Luo family. It seemed that he really regarded himself as the master of the Luo family. Usually, some of the branch family's disciples had been bullied by Huang Ge. Everyone tolerated him for the sake of the second branch family's face. But this Huang Ge didn't know how to restrain himself. Because they tolerated him, it increased Huang Ge's arrogance.
Today, someone jumped out and taught this guy a lesson. It was indeed satisfying.
But …
These Luo family's disciples knew very well that an outsider had the right to be arrogant because he had a strong backing. Huang Ge's arrogance was because of his relationship with Luo Chengyun.
In addition, although Huang Ge was arrogant, in front of the second and third branches, he showed his true colors as a servant to the extreme. The second and third branches liked him very much.
Luo Zheng's current identity was that of a servant. Now that he had hit Huang Ge, he would be in big trouble.
This Luo Zheng was definitely going to be in big trouble …
Luo Zheng slapped Huang Ge dozens of times before he stopped. Huang Ge's face was badly mutilated and dripping with blood. If one didn't look carefully, one wouldn't be able to distinguish his nose and mouth. His white hair was also scattered, making him look like a ghost.
After Luo Zheng stopped, Huang Ge's smashed mouth moved. He vaguely said: "You, you wait …"
Before Huang Ge could finish, Luo Zheng slapped him again. Huang Ge's eyes rolled back and he fell to the ground with his head raised.
After teaching Huang Ge a lesson, Luo Zheng's gaze turned towards Steward Fang again.
When Steward Fang saw Luo Zheng's gaze, he couldn't help but tremble. He took two steps back and shouted: "Luo Zheng, you're a servant!"
"What's wrong with being a servant?" Luo Zheng approached step by step.
"How dare you offend your superior!" Steward Fang said.
"What's superior? What's inferior? My surname is Luo. Even if I'm a servant, my surname is still Luo. Moreover, you forgot that my fist is bigger than yours, so I'm superior! My strength is stronger than yours, so I'm superior! My kung fu is better than yours, so I'm superior! "
As he spoke, Luo Zheng grabbed Steward Fang. With his strength at the Bone Refining stage, these servants were like obedient chickens in his hands. He grabbed Steward Fang and slapped him more than a dozen times.
When other people heard the slapping sounds, they felt a burst of toothache. How painful was that!
Finally, when Luo Zheng had enough, he threw Steward Fang onto Huang Ge's body. Both of them screamed. Luo Zheng said: "Today I'll teach you a lesson. You have to remember this pain. In the future, you'll be able to distinguish right from wrong. You'll understand what you can do and what you can't do!"
After speaking, Luo Zheng turned around and walked out of the small courtyard. As soon as he walked to the door, the Luo Clan's disciples and the group of servants who were watching suddenly dispersed.
＝＝＝＝＝

Chapter 5
Although no one dared to escort Luo Zheng, Luo Zheng still consciously came to the Drill Hall.
Although Luo Zheng was very dissatisfied with the Luo Family's current rules, Second Uncle and Third Uncle themselves couldn't follow the Ming Dynasty's rules, and their sons were also too idle. For example, Luo Peiran and Luo Chengyun, when did they put the family rules in their eyes? This was also the reason why a few servants who couldn't be seen in public dared to make such a ruckus.
But others trampled on the family rules, others despised the family rules, but that didn't mean Luo Zheng didn't abide by them. He wasn't pedantic, but a kind of insistence.
The atmosphere in the Drill Hall was a bit different from the past.
The news that Luo Zheng beat up Steward Huang Ge and Steward Fang Cong had already spread throughout the Luo Family.
Two years ago, Luo Zheng was demoted to a family slave and became a human target in the Drill Hall. He had always resigned himself to it. No matter how the Luo Family's disciples beat him, he endured, let them go, and didn't say a word, like a docile sheep.
Everyone had already forgotten that he was once the Luo Family's young master, and they had also forgotten that Luo Zheng himself also had the strength of the Flesh Refining Stage.
Now these Luo Family's disciples understood that Luo Zheng wasn't a tolerant person. The Luo Family's disciples could beat him wantonly because he was surnamed Luo.
Others didn't have the qualifications!
Because of this, the Luo Family's disciples in the Drill Hall today looked at Luo Zheng with a faint sense of awe. When the Luo Family's instructor instructed the Luo Family's disciples to choose a human target, unexpectedly, no one chose Luo Zheng.
Luo Zheng showed a helpless and bitter smile. This wasn't the result he wanted …
What he needed most now was to temper his body, but these Luo Family's disciples directly ignored him. How could this be?
He couldn't go up and say, "I'm asking for a beating, so come and beat me up, right?"
Seeing the human targets around him being taken away one by one, leaving him all alone in the Drill Hall, Luo Zheng was very unhappy. The Luo Family's disciples shouldn't be so cowardly!
He walked over to Luo Dalong who was smashing the stone man and said, "Dalong, what's so good about hitting a stone man? I'll practice with you."
"This …" Even the impetuous Luo Dalong hesitated.
"I'm a human target, so of course I have to practice with you! Don't worry, my leather armor is thick and won't break. "Luo Zheng patted his chest and said.
Since Luo Zheng had said so, Luo Dalong was too embarrassed to refuse. Otherwise, he would appear to be too cowardly, even though his true intention was not to provoke Luo Zheng.
Luo Dalong had some misgivings in his heart. When he punched out, it was not the case. Normally, he could exert ten percent of his strength, but now, he could only exert five or six percent of his strength.
Luo Zheng was very dissatisfied with the fact that his soft fists didn't have a good tempering effect. The warm current generated from his fists was too little.
"Use more strength! Hit here hard! "
"Your fist speed is too slow. What are you worried about?"
"This fist seems to be the case, but it's still far from yesterday's."
Seeing a human target instructing his opponent to beat him up, the group of Luo Family disciples in the Martial Arts Hall were so surprised that their jaws dropped. They really couldn't guess what Luo Zheng was thinking.
Luo Dalong didn't think too much about it. Under Luo Zheng's guidance, his state slowly adjusted. His hands and feet gradually relaxed, and his strength returned to normal.
"Bang!"
"Bang!"
"Bang!"
The power of his fists frantically pounded Luo Zheng's body. Strands of warm current flowed into Luo Zheng's body, peeling off the impurities in his bones and refining them.
Every fist purified his bones a bit, and the strength and toughness of his bones also increased by a level.
As long as he was beaten, it was like swallowing a Heaven and Earth Fortune Pill. The joy brought about by this kind of qualitative change was indescribable. On the surface, he showed a painful expression, but in his heart, he wanted to shout: Let the fists come more fiercely!
The copper kettle used to measure time in the Martial Arts Hall leaked no less than three kettles of water. Six hours had passed.
At this time, the servants of the Luo Family brought in food. Whether it was the Luo Family disciples or the human target, they all needed to replenish their strength. However, the Luo Family disciples ate delicacies, while the human target was treated with water and hard steamed buns …
After six hours of tempering, Luo Zheng also felt very hungry. Tempering his body consumed a lot of his strength, but he didn't mind that the food tasted bad. He grabbed a steamed bun and was about to stuff it into his mouth.
At this time, a porcelain bowl suddenly appeared in front of Luo Zheng. It was filled with delicate fragrant meat, exuding an enticing aroma.
Luo Zheng looked up and saw that Luo Dalong had handed over his bowl. Luo Dalong smiled and said, "Let's eat together."
Luo Zheng didn't stand on ceremony. He ate big mouthfuls of steamed bun and meat.
"You hit Huang Ge. Second Young Master will deal with you," Luo Dalong said in a low voice.
Luo Zheng wolfed down the food. Ever since he became a human target, he hadn't eaten such delicious food for a long time. He nodded. He knew that Luo Dalong was reminding him out of kindness.
After all, he used to be the young master of the Luo Family. He knew more about the family's affairs than Luo Dalong and the other branch family disciples.
Second Uncle and Third Uncle didn't let him live for so long. The biggest reason was not that they were benevolent, but that he was too weak. He was like a dispensable ant, unable to pose any threat to them.
However, if Luo Zheng, this ant, bit them and made them feel a trace of pain, they wouldn't hesitate to kill him.
"But it's very satisfying. We've long disliked that old man surnamed Huang," Luo Dalong said with a smile.
Luo Dalong wasn't the only one who felt satisfied. Apart from the second and third branches, all of the Luo Family disciples felt satisfied.
Although the Luo Family disciples in the Martial Arts Practice Field didn't say it out loud like Luo Dalong, their eyes said it all.
In the past two years, the actions of the second branch and the third branch could be described as perverse. They greatly reduced the monthly allowances of the collateral family members. Even the medicinal pills used for cultivation were cut again and again. Even a few servants could climb over the head of the surnamed Luo. Based on what?
Almost all of the resources were given to Luo Peiran and Luo Chengyun. It would be strange if the branch family disciples were mentally balanced.
Now, everyone missed the time when Luo Zheng's father was the head of the family. At that time, the family rules were strict, but the Luo Family didn't have so much intrigue, and no servants dared to bully others. It wasn't so unfair!
It was a pity that those good days were gone and would never come back.
Even this kind of nostalgia, the Luo Family disciples only dared to hide it in their hearts. They didn't dare to criticize it, for fear that they would be punished by the "family rules".
This Luo Family was already rotten! Luo Zheng sighed in his heart. If there was a chance, when his strength grew, he would definitely gouge out this rotten sore of the Luo Family!
… …
… …
In front of the magnificent mansion of the Luo Family's third branch.
Huang Ge's head was wrapped in layers of gauze. Only his nose, eyes, and mouth were exposed. It was completely impossible to see his human appearance.
He knelt on the ground with a plop and cried in a high-pitched voice: "Young Master Chengyun, you have to make a decision for me!"
In front of Huang Ge, a young man in black leaned on a chair. This young man had a handsome appearance, but there was an arrogant and ruthless aura between his eyebrows. He was the second young master of the Luo Family, Luo Chengyun.
"I heard that you want to take Luo Zheng as a servant to take care of your food and shelter?" Luo Chengyun tilted his head and smiled.
"Young Master Chengyun, it's not that …" Huang Ge denied with a trace of sobbing.
Luo Chengyun simply didn't listen to Huang Ge's explanation. He smiled and said: "Although Luo Zheng was demoted to a servant, in any case, his surname is Luo, and he was once the young master of the Luo Family. Even if I take him as a servant, it's not appropriate. You must have burned your brain to do this kind of senseless thing. You deserved to be beaten."
Huang Ge kowtowed and continued to cry: "Young Master Chengyun, this time I was wrong, but you still have to make a decision for me …" As he cried, he quietly made a gesture to the side.
A middle-aged woman about forty years old next to him silently walked to Huang Ge's side and knelt down as well.
This middle-aged woman was Huang Ge's wife and also Luo Chengyun's wet nurse. She had taken care of Luo Chengyun since he was young. Luo Chengyun's mother died when he was young, but he had a very good relationship with this wet nurse, as if they were mother and son.
"Second Mother, you don't need to kneel. Huang Ge, you also stand up!" Luo Chengyun waved his hand.
Huang Ge's voice trembled: "Young Master Chengyun, do you agree?"
Luo Chengyun stood up from the chair, walked two steps, and said: "Cousin Peiran previously said that he would spare Luo Zheng's life so that he could keep him alive and watch over him. However, Luo Zheng isn't an important person. Now that Cousin Peiran is about to leave for the Blue Cloud Sect, I'll help Cousin Peiran get rid of him! "
Hearing this, Huang Ge's deformed mouth opened and said: "Thank you, Young Master Chengyun!"
"However, this matter still needs to wait." Luo Chengyun touched his head and said: "I've just swallowed the last Heaven and Earth Fortune Pill of the clan. This month, I'm going to go into seclusion to refine the pill's efficacy and cleanse my body. How about we wait until the Clan Refinement Day in a month? On that day, I'll choose him as my opponent and kill him with my own hands."
After saying this, Luo Chengyun's face emitted layers of killing intent.
The Clan Refinement Day was also the day when the Luo Clan's disciples would inspect their strength. On that day, the Luo Clan's elders would appear and inspect the results of the Luo Clan's disciples' cultivation.
At the same time, the Clan Refinement Day was also an opportunity for human targets.
As long as they could survive the deathmatch environment on the Clan Refinement Day, they would regain their freedom.
Even the lowliest human targets had the right to desire freedom. If they couldn't see the dawn of freedom, they wouldn't be able to withstand the pressure of being beaten every day and would quickly die.
The purpose of setting this rule was to give all the human targets a glimmer of hope. They hoped that they could survive the deathmatch on the Clan Refinement Day and walk out of the Luo Clan, no longer having to be a lowly human target.
However, the "deathmatch" environment itself was unfair. The human targets were often beaten every day and suffered all kinds of injuries and injuries. How could they fight against the well-trained elite disciples of the Luo Clan?
Who knew how many human targets had been beaten to death on the Clan Refinement Day. That day was the day when the Luo Clan's elders would inspect the strength of the Luo Clan's disciples. According to their strength, they would give a certain amount of rewards. Every Luo Clan disciple would go all out, and it was also the time when they hit the hardest.
"Okay, Young Master Chengyun. Then let that brat Luo Zheng live for another month!" Huang Ge kowtowed a few more times before rolling and crawling up from the ground. His eyes under the gauze revealed an ominous glint of hatred.
After Luo Chengyun left, the middle-aged woman tried to persuade Huang Ge: "That Luo Zheng is quite pitiful. Why do you have to force him to death? He shouldn't have beaten you, but it's enough to teach him a lesson. "
Huang Ge said: "You're just a woman. Besides being soft-hearted, what else do you know?"

Chapter 6
A large bucket of cold water was poured on Luo Zheng's body. Milky white impurities flowed along with the water to the ground.
After entering the Bone Refining stage, his body no longer had any impurities. Now what was being forced out of his body were the milky white impurities in his bones.
After washing away the impurities, Luo Zheng felt refreshed all over.
These days, Steward Fang no longer dared to trouble him. This gave Luo Zheng more space.
At night, Luo Zheng lifted the iron bed up and pressed it against the cellar's stone wall. Then he wrapped the bed frame with layers of cotton wool, making a simple wooden dummy.
Because the bed frame was pressed against the cellar's stone wall, most of the force was absorbed by the thick stone wall. This way, the iron bed would not be broken apart by Luo Zheng's punches. And because of the cotton wool, the sound of his punches was reduced to the minimum. In addition, he was in the cellar, so people outside could not know that he was secretly cultivating.
The Red Sandalwood Fist he used had been passed down in the Luo family for hundreds of years. It was a unique skill of the Luo family that was not passed down to outsiders. Even collateral descendants were not easily taught.
After entering the Bone Refining stage, he could now easily use the moves of the Red Sandalwood Fist that he could not practice before.
"Red Sandalwood One-Inch Punch!"
"Bang bang bang bang bang!"
Seven muffled sounds came from the stone wall.
The Red Sandalwood One-Inch Punch was the most profound move of the Red Sandalwood Fist. One strike of the One-Inch Punch could cause multiple injuries. The number of injuries could show how well the One-Inch Punch was used.
Luo Zheng wasn't too satisfied with the result of the seven muffled bangs, which meant that he had caused seven damages.
His father once told Luo Zheng that when he was in the Bone Refining stage, he could cause eight injuries. Now Luo Zheng, who was also in the Bone Refining stage, could only cause seven injuries. His understanding of the Red Sandalwood One-Inch Punch was not deep enough. It seemed that he had to work harder!
Punches after punches landed on the cotton wadding, producing muffled sounds.
After entering the Bone Refining stage, Luo Zheng's strength also increased crazily.
Luo Peiran had already entered the peak of the Bone Refining stage. The strength of each punch was more than 500 kilograms.
And Luo Zheng had just entered the Bone Refining stage. He estimated that his fist strength was about 700 to 800 kilograms.
This bit of strength was still not enough.
The most important thing was that Luo Zheng wanted to enter the Blue Cloud Sect.
When he thought about how his younger sister was currently facing the wall in Purgatory Mountain, Luo Zheng felt as if there was a rock weighing down on his heart.
Luo Yan had always been obedient and wouldn't cause any trouble. He must have been harmed by evil people. He had to enter the Blue Cloud Sect as soon as possible. Only then could he protect Luo Yan.
"Bam, bam, bam, bam!" His punches increased in strength.
The Blue Cloud Sect was the largest sect in the Imperial Capital. Every year, it would recruit disciples from all over the Imperial Capital.
The Blue Cloud Sect was also the biggest goal of all the young people in the Imperial Capital. It gathered the best cultivation resources in the Imperial Capital and had the most powerful experts to guide them.
However, the conditions to enter the Blue Cloud Sect were extremely harsh.
Or, they had outstanding talent, such as his sister Luo Yan, who had been accepted as an exception.
Or, they had great strength and stood out among the young people. Just the strength of the Bone Refining Realm might not be enough.
"Right now, I am being tempered by someone. The speed of my body's advancement is changing with each passing day. However, if I want to quickly advance in a short period of time, I still need to cultivate bitterly!"
When he thought of this, he smashed the stone wall with force again.
Luo Zheng originally had a heart that pursued the peak of the martial dao. In the past, he was meticulous and worked hard step by step. Even his father praised his son's perseverance.
However, after his father died, he was demoted to a servant. His mental state suffered a great blow, which was why his progress on the martial dao stagnated.
However, the current Luo Zheng already picked up this confidence again. For the sake of his goal, he pursued it with all his might.
That night, he almost didn't sleep.
He didn't know how many times he punched. Under Luo Zheng's punches, the cotton wool was already tightly stuck to the wall. He had no choice but to tear off the cotton wool and gently pull it apart with his hands. Only then could it return to its original state.
During the day, it was still endless punches and endless tempering.
In order to cultivate as soon as possible, Luo Zheng became more active even when he was being beaten.
He took the initiative to ask the Luo Clan's disciples to beat him. There was a risk of being discovered.
After all, after being beaten so many times, there was not a single injury on his body. It was easy for people to be suspicious.
However, Luo Zheng didn't care so much. Only by being beaten as much as possible could he temper himself as soon as possible and improve his strength as soon as possible.
Some of the Luo Clan's disciples were indeed puzzled. Luo Zheng had been beaten more and more frequently during this period of time, but his spirit was getting better and better. How did he look like someone who was being beaten? Instead, he looked like someone who was beating people up!
However, when they thought of how Luo Zheng had been a human target for two years and still lived until now, they could describe him as tenacious. These Luo Clan's disciples were not interested in delving into the mystery of a human target. After all, they cultivated to beat people up, not to be beaten. Even if Luo Zheng had some special defensive skills, they were too lazy to know.
During this period of time, Luo Zheng's bones had been cleansed more and more of the impurities. As long as he took a bath, the water flowing on the ground would immediately become milky white, as rich as milk.
The impurities that were being tempered out by the warm current every day were almost equivalent to the impurities of others who cultivated for several months. This meant that one day of his being beaten was equivalent to several months of cultivation for others. This cultivation speed was like a miracle!
During the day, he was beaten, and at night, he practiced martial arts. He practiced diligently without stopping for a moment.
During this period of time, the total amount of time he slept was probably less than twenty hours, but his spirit was not tired at all. His eyes were as clear as ever.
The reason why he was so full of spirit was most likely because of the mysterious "Nine Dragons Furnace" in his mind. That day, his soul had been refined by the Nine Dragons Furnace. His soul had been broken thousands of times, and every time it was broken, he would rather die than live.
But after that kind of pain, his spirit had always been very good. Presumably, his soul had also been tempered!
In the human body, the most difficult thing to cultivate was the soul. Everyone could train the body, even those who did not cultivate martial arts could train the body.
But the soul was hidden deep in the human body's secret realm. It could not be seen or touched, just like the illusory shore in the Buddhist gatha. Ordinary people could not train at all.
It was said that in the Blue Cloud Sect, there were some secret books of a higher level that could affect people's souls, such as the "Soul Training Technique".
Luo Zheng could not touch these mysterious realms, so he did not think too much about it. Since he did not need to sleep, he could use this time to cultivate.
In the blink of an eye, more than twenty days had passed.
"Bang!"
Luo Zheng's punch had cracked the thick stone wall of the cellar.
He had only used seventy percent of his strength in this punch, but the power was already so terrifying. If he had not held back, the cellar would have been destroyed by his punch.
After half a month of tempering, Luo Zheng's strength had advanced again.
From the middle stage of the Bone Refining Stage to the peak stage of the Bone Refining Stage, the strength of one hand could reach a thousand jin. A thousand jin was the strength of one cauldron.
For martial artists, the strength of one cauldron was a watershed. Only after reaching the strength of one cauldron could one be considered to have reached the threshold and officially stepped onto the path of martial arts.
In less than a month, from the peak stage of the Flesh Refining Stage to the peak stage of the Bone Refining Stage, he had crossed an entire level. Not to mention that this cultivation speed had never appeared in the Luo Clan, even in the entire Empire, it would be difficult to find a second person.
After all, using the Body Refining method to temper out the impurities relied on perseverance and persistence. It relied on decades of cultivation, and the amount of impurities that could be refined every day was pitifully small.
But using the Body Refining method to "hammer" out the impurities in the body, the speed was more than a hundred or a thousand times faster …
But today, when he was being beaten, he felt that his body seemed to have undergone some changes.
Although he didn't feel any pain from the punches and kicks he usually received, he could still feel some weight. Today, he discovered that the strength of the Luo Clan's fists seemed to have become lighter.
Luo Zheng secretly observed for a moment. The Luo Clan's disciples who were beating him didn't hold back, but why did he feel this way?
Not only that, but the warm current produced by each punch on his body had also decreased by a lot.
If it was said that a punch in the past could produce a warm current the size of a thumb, then now a punch could only produce a warm current the size of a little finger. With the lack of warm current, the efficiency of washing the body naturally decreased.
This night, after returning to the cellar and taking a bath, he discovered that the impurities that had been forced out of his body had clearly decreased by about half.
These changes caused a trace of worry to arise in Luo Zheng's heart. What exactly had gone wrong?
Could it be that his body had hardened?
According to the records of the mysterious Weapon Refining Cultivation Method, his current physical strength was comparable to a Low Grade Profound Weapon.
After a Profound Weapon underwent continuous tempering, its strength would gradually increase. Once the strength increased to a certain extent, the tempering effect of ordinary strength wouldn't be as good.
The majority of the Luo Clan's disciples in the Drill Hall were in the Skin Refining Realm. Even Luo Dalong was in the Skin Refining Realm. It was only because of his innate divine strength that his strength was comparable to that of a Flesh Refining Realm cultivator.
Now, several hundred pounds of strength was no longer effective on Luo Zheng's body. It seemed that he had to find someone more powerful to beat him to produce an effect.
But where could he find Luo Zheng? He couldn't let the Luo Clan's elders do it … …
"In a few days, it will be the Clan Refining Day. During the Clan Refining Day, the Luo Clan's disciples will exert their full strength. The strength of their punches should also increase by a lot. More importantly, if I can defeat my opponent in a deathmatch on the Clan Refining Day, I can legitimately abandon my status as a servant and leave the Luo Clan openly."
With Luo Zheng's current physical strength, those Luo Clan's disciples simply couldn't shake him. So what if they fought for a day and a night?
In the cellar, Luo Zheng's bright eyes blinked. Under the illumination of the candlelight, his face revealed a resolute expression.

Chapter 7
After this year's winter, cold air blew in from the boundless land of ice in the north, dyeing most of the empire's territory with a layer of white.
Heavy snow covered the ground like cotton quilts. The spacious drill ground in front of the Luo family was covered with thick snow.
On the day of the Clan Competition, the servants of the Luo family cleaned up the snow on the drill ground. Twelve branches of the Luo family stood in neat rows on the drill ground, waiting for the elders of the Luo family to inspect them.
Originally, there were thirteen branches of the Luo family, but now only twelve teams were present. This was because the branch of the eldest branch had ceased to exist two years ago.
In order to urge the Luo family's disciples to practice diligently, the Clan Competition was held once a year. Whether it was the Luo family's disciples or the human targets, this day was an important day for them.
According to the performance of the Luo family's disciples on the day of the Clan Competition, their allocation of resources for the next year would be decided. Those who performed well would naturally receive more resources, such as body-refining pills that could increase their cultivation speed, rejuvenation pills that could rapidly heal injuries, and so on.
For the human targets, this day could decide their life and death and freedom.
Luo Zheng and the other human targets also entered the drill ground. Today, the human targets' expressions were very serious, as if they were ready to risk everything. Today was too important for them.
For the human targets, there were only two choices in the deathmatch. If they won, they would gain freedom. If they lost, they would die.
But for the Luo family's disciples, the deathmatch was just a test. If they won, they would receive rewards and support from the family. If they lost, they would just lose some face.
Many of the aristocratic family's disciples were very strong. Whether it was in terms of cultivation methods or strength, they were not inferior to others. However, because many of the aristocratic family's disciples had little actual combat experience, they would often drop the ball at crucial moments. Losing to someone weaker than them was a common occurrence.
The original intention of the deathmatch was to force the human targets into a dead end, stimulate their potential to the maximum, and then fight with the Luo family's disciples to the death. Only in this way could the Luo family's disciples be given real combat training.
Before long, a middle-aged man wearing a green robe came out from the high platform of the drill ground. The middle-aged man had a long beard and a jade-like face. He was Luo Zheng's third uncle, Luo Junyi.
Seeing this person, Luo Zheng's eyes flashed with a cold light. This person was one of the murderers who had killed his father. This person looked like a modest gentleman, but he used a vicious scheme to murder his elder brother. He was indeed a hypocrite.
If it wasn't for the fact that his strength was insufficient, Luo Zheng would have skinned this person alive. Unfortunately, Luo Junyi was a Viscera Refining Stage expert. His internal organs had been fully tempered, and his strength had reached the strength of three cauldrons. He could tear apart tigers and leopards with his bare hands, and smash a city wall with his bare fists!
After Luo Junyi stood on the high platform, he took a deep breath and said softly, "Today, I have good news for everyone. Our Luo family's young master, my nephew Peiran, has been accepted by the Blue Cloud Sect as an inner sect disciple."
Luo Junyi's voice wasn't loud, but everyone heard it clearly. After entering the Viscera Refining Stage, one's internal organs would be tempered, and their breathing would become extremely long.
Hearing his words, all of the Luo family's disciples revealed an envious expression.
Actually, Luo Peiran being accepted by the Blue Cloud Sect was expected. However, the Blue Cloud Sect's disciples were divided into many levels. Many people had passed through many layers of tests and stood out from many competitors, but they had only managed to fight for the position of an outer sect disciple.
However, Luo Peiran was actually able to reach the heavens in a single bound and become an inner sect disciple. This matter was beyond everyone's expectations. It was no wonder that they were envious.
Luo Zheng's body also shook. The Fortune Pill was actually so miraculous that it could directly send Luo Peiran to the Blue Cloud Sect's inner sect. His fists were clenched tightly, and his heart was filled with worry.
Second Uncle and Third Uncle didn't get rid of him because they didn't think he was a threat to the Luo family. However, they definitely wouldn't let Luo Yan off. Previously, Luo Yan had escaped because he was in the Blue Cloud Sect. Now that Luo Peiran had actually become an inner sect disciple of the Blue Cloud Sect, it would definitely be disadvantageous to her. I must immediately go to the Blue Cloud Sect!
"Nephew Peiran is the pride of our family. Everyone must set him as a goal. Today is the Family Training Day. The Luo family's disciples will each choose a human target to fight to the death. If you win the battle, the" Cultivation Pill "distributed next year will be doubled, and your monthly allowance will also be doubled. In addition, you will also receive a Violet Pill …"
This reward was very attractive to many of the branch family's disciples. Therefore, when it was announced, many of the Luo family's disciples immediately began to discuss it fervently …
The human targets' expressions became even more serious. The more generous the reward, the more ruthless the Luo family's disciples would be, and the smaller the chance of survival for the human targets.
After Luo Junyi finished speaking, he sat down on a chair on the high platform. At this time, Chief Steward Huang Ge jumped onto the high platform. His eyes swept over the human targets and locked onto Luo Zheng. A vicious light flashed in his eyes. He thought to himself, Boy, you won't live past today!
Then, Huang Ge said in a high-pitched voice, "Now, the Luo family's disciples will choose their own targets. The first Luo family's disciple to fight is the eldest son of the third branch, Luo Chengyun!"
Luo Chengyun jumped onto the middle of the Drill Ground. After bowing to his father, Luo Junyi, he turned around to choose a human target.
When Luo Chengyun's eyes fell on Luo Zheng's head, their eyes met. A smile appeared on the corner of Luo Zheng's mouth. A month ago, he had beaten up Huang Ge. He had thought that Luo Chengyun would immediately retaliate against him. He hadn't expected that this month would be so peaceful. It seemed that Luo Chengyun had been waiting for this day. He would choose me as his mortal target and beat me to death in the arena?
However, Luo Chengyun didn't choose Luo Zheng. Instead, he chose a stocky man behind Luo Zheng.
This was beyond Luo Zheng's expectations …
The stocky middle-aged man was a death row prisoner that the Luo family had just bought. Therefore, he hadn't suffered any serious internal injuries. His complexion was good, and his strength wasn't bad either. He had reached the Flesh Refining Stage.
After the middle-aged man was chosen, he jumped onto the arena without saying a word. His eyes were full of ferocity. As a human target, everyone knew very well that a mortal battle was a fight with no way out. Retreating was a dead end for a human target. Instead of sitting and waiting for death, it was better to fight with all their strength. Maybe they could fight for a way out.
In a mortal battle, there wasn't so much etiquette.
After the middle-aged man got on the arena, he took the initiative to strike first. He gathered all the strength in his body and rushed toward Luo Chengyun. This middle-aged man relied on his sturdy muscles to rush forward like a bull. The dark ironstone arena made a thumping sound as he stepped on it.
A faint smile appeared on Luo Chengyun's face. A purple light condensed in his hand. His fingers formed the shape of a bow. When the middle-aged man rushed to Luo Chengyun's side, Luo Chengyun lightly and skillfully moved aside. A Purple Sandalwood One-inch Punch hit the middle-aged man from the side.
"Pu!"
The Purple Sandalwood One-inch Punch's strength was subtle and not obvious. The middle-aged man stopped his footsteps. Since he didn't hit Luo Chengyun this time, he turned around and prepared to do it again. He was completely unaware that he had been injured by Luo Chengyun.
But just as he took a step forward, six muffled bursting sounds came from his body. Suddenly, six bloody holes appeared on the middle-aged man's body.
His eyes were as big as a cow's, and his face was full of confusion and unwillingness. His mouth made a gurgling sound, but he couldn't speak. Then, his eyes gradually lost their light and he fell to the ground.
Killed in one move …
The Luo Family's disciples present burst into cheers. Many people took the lead in applauding.
There were also many Luo Family's disciples who saw this scene. They seemed to understand something, and their expressions were a little indifferent.
As the eldest son of the third branch, Luo Chengyun's cultivation talent was considered outstanding in the Luo Family. He had been enshrined with all kinds of elixirs since he was young, so his cultivation speed was much faster than the average Luo Family's disciples.
But it was impossible for his cultivation speed to be so fast. The only explanation was that he had eaten the Luo Family's second and last Worldly Creation Elixir.
Luo Zheng shook his head in the human target, a wry smile on his face. Second and Third Uncles didn't treat him as an outsider. No one in the Luo Family had dared to touch the Worldly Creation Elixir for several generations. After they took the throne, they each took one and divided it up …
Well, well, well. The first time he heard Luo Peiran say that he had eaten the Worldly Creation Elixir, he was very angry. But now, Luo Zheng's mood was very calm.
Although the Worldly Creation Elixir was wonderful, there was only one. It was gone after eating it.
But Luo Zheng's special constitution could continuously cleanse his body. In comparison, the Worldly Creation Elixir was dispensable. Luo Zheng didn't care about it now. But the actions of Second and Third Uncles made the Luo Family's disciples too bitterly disappointed.
At this moment, Huang Ge's voice sounded, "The first deathmatch, Young Master Chengyun wins!"
Luo Chengyun moved his wrists and said to Huang Ge on the high platform, "Chief Steward, the challenge just now was just a test. I still want to challenge another person."
Huang Ge's face lit up. He thought that it was finally time. So he said, "Young Master Chengyun, if you still want to challenge another person, you can choose your own target."
Luo Chengyun turned his head in the arena and pointed his finger at the human targets. Seeing Luo Chengyun's finger, the human targets' faces turned pale. They had seen Luo Chengyun's strength just now. If they were chosen by this guy, they would definitely die. Luo Chengyun's finger was like the scythe of the Grim Reaper. Whoever's head fell on by Luo Chengyun's finger could meet the King of Hell.
Finally, Luo Chengyun's eyes stopped on Luo Zheng. He hooked his finger and said with a smile, "You, come up!"
Everyone looked in the direction of Luo Chengyun's finger and saw that the target Luo Chengyun had chosen was actually Luo Zheng!
For the human targets, a deathmatch was a situation that would not end until one of them died. Either they won or they died.
Therefore, in the previous Clan Days, when the Luo Family's disciples chose their targets, they intentionally or unintentionally avoided Luo Zheng. Although Luo Zheng bore the crime of betraying the family, the Luo Family's disciples did not dare to really kill him if the Family Head did not order him to be executed.
But today, Luo Chengyun actually chose Luo Zheng. People with discerning eyes already understood that Luo Zheng was probably going to die today.
"Finally!"
Luo Zheng did not say anything. He walked out from the human targets and climbed up the arena expressionlessly. He cupped his hands and said to Luo Chengyun, "Young Master Chengyun, please!"
"Big Cousin, why do you call me like an outsider?" Luo Chengyun narrowed his eyes and said.
＝＝＝＝＝

Chapter 8
Eldest cousin brother …
Luo Zheng hasn't heard this name for a long time.
He remembered that when he was young, Luo Chengyun often ran behind Luo Zheng and often called him "Big Cousin Brother, Big Cousin Brother".
If someone bullied Luo Chengyun, he would come crying to Luo Zheng.
Calling him like this brings back memories of Luo Zheng's childhood. How beautiful those times were.
He didn't expect that when he grew up, there would be internal strife in the family. Brothers gradually drifted apart for their own interests. It could be considered a great tragedy in the world.
Luo Zheng nods and changes the way he calls Luo Zheng back: "Cousin Chengyun, let's do it!"
"Alas, Luo Zheng, they all say that you don't know your own identity. It seems that this saying is true. Just because I call you 'eldest cousin brother', you really think I'm your cousin brother? Haha! It won't be an injustice for you to die in my hands. "After saying this, Luo Chengyun's sneering face suddenly exudes a powerful momentum.
Being teased by Luo Chengyun's words, Luo Zheng's heart surges with anger and his face turns cold. The trace of remaining familial affection in his heart is obliterated at this point!
As soon as Luo Chengyun finishes speaking, his whole body surges with purple light. With a sliding step, he rushes towards Luo Zheng at an extremely strange speed.
"Bang!"
Luo Zheng takes the punch head-on. His body retreats a few steps before he can stabilize himself. The power of this blow has unexpectedly broken through one ding. It seems that Luo Chengyun has also entered the Bone Refining stage with the help of the Heaven and Earth Fortune Elixir.
The power of one ding is really powerful and overbearing. Before, Luo Zheng's body was already hard enough. Those Skin Refining stage and Flesh Refining stage cultivators couldn't produce much warm current when beating him.
But after taking Luo Chengyun's blow, the warm current in his body begins to circulate crazily again. It rushes to Luo Zheng's bones from head to toe and continuously cleanses them.
This feeling is too cool!
While Luo Zheng is secretly enjoying himself, Luo Chengyun on the other side is like a madman. He doesn't want to give Luo Zheng a chance to breathe at all and rushes towards Luo Zheng again.
Straight Punch, Straight Punch, Burst Punch.
Elbow strike, side kick, cross kick …
All kinds of fierce attacks were thrown at Luo Zheng with all their might.
Warm currents flowed between Luo Zheng's bones like floodwaters. Luo Zheng could even clearly feel that the impurities in his bones were being squeezed out of his bones one by one under the scouring of the warm currents.
"Well done! Young Master Chengyun, beat him to death just like that! " Huang Ge shouted back and forth on the high platform. His expression was extremely excited. It was as if he was more excited than when he personally went up to the arena and beat up Luo Zheng.
Many of the Luo Family's disciples were cheering for Luo Chengyun. However, most of them were silent at the moment.
Most of the Luo Family disciples at the bottom of the hierarchy still missed the Luo Family of the past. Back then, the Luo Family was fair and compassionate. They treated every Luo Family disciple fairly. As long as you had enough talent, no matter which branch you were from, everyone would have a chance to succeed.
However, after the second branch and the third branch ascended to the top, except for the people from the second branch and the third branch, other disciples from the collateral branches simply could not see any hope.
Luo Zheng, the former young master, was also the last remaining member of the former Luo Family. If he died, it meant that the former Luo Family would never return.
In the arena, Luo Zheng was constantly being beaten up by Luo Chengyun.
Luo Junyi, who was sitting on the side and watching the fight, frowned. As his father, he was very clear about Chengyun's strength. After taking the Heaven and Earth Fortune Elixir and entering the Bone Refining Stage, Chengyun's strength had already broken through by one ding.
In the Luo Family, except for Luo Peiran, there was no other Luo Family disciple of the younger generation who could be Chengyun's opponent.
He had counted very clearly just now. Luo Chengyun had already punched dozens of times in one breath. Although his punches were full of strength and vigorous like a tiger, and Luo Zheng was beaten back little by little and had no power to fight back.
However, why hadn't Luo Zheng fallen down yet?
On the path of martial arts, there was a saying that offense was the best defense.
That was because offense was far easier than defense. No matter how strong one's body was, it would not be able to withstand a sharp attack.
Not to mention others, even Luo Junyi's body would not be able to withstand Luo Chengyun's beating. This was also the reason why those body-tempering cultivation techniques, such as the "Vajra Cover" and the "Nine Yang Saint Body", were so precious.
Luo Zheng was beaten up like this by Luo Chengyun, yet he was still able to stand up …
Could it be that Luo Zheng had obtained some special body-tempering cultivation technique? Or perhaps his big brother had some reservations and passed this cultivation technique to Luo Zheng before his death?
When he thought of the fact that Luo Zheng was still jumping around after being beaten for two years, Luo Junyi's eyes lit up!
Under the constant beating, Luo Chengyun became somewhat impatient. His attacks became heavier and heavier, and all kinds of ruthless moves were used on Luo Zheng's body.
"Purple Sandalwood Inch Force!"
"Bang Bang Bang Bang Bang!"
He originally thought that the destructive power of the Purple Sandalwood Inch Force would be able to make Luo Zheng fall down. However, after the six layers of force exploded in Luo Zheng's body, Luo Zheng still stood up. His eyes became brighter and brighter as he stared straight at Luo Chengyun. This made Luo Chengyun's hair stand on end.
Was this guy a monster? How could he not die after being beaten like this?
Seeing Luo Zheng's gaze, Luo Chengyun's eyes revealed a panicked expression. He was already an expert in the Bone Refining Stage, and his strength had broken through one cauldron. It was reasonable to say that he should be able to smash a guy like Luo Zheng with a single fist. Why was this happening?
What was the meaning of this gaze? Was he mocking his own incompetence?
Luo Zheng's gaze not only made Luo Chengyun panic, but also incomparably angry.
It seems that I have to use that move to serve you! Luo Chengyun quietly took out a small box from his clothes. The small box was the size of a palm, but it was engraved with brilliant and colorful talismans. There was also a trigger behind the small box. He pointed the front of the small box at Luo Zheng and fiercely pulled the trigger behind the box. With a ferocious expression, he roared, "Go to hell!"
The moment Luo Chengyun took out the small box, Luo Zheng became alert. As the young master of the family, he certainly recognized that it was the family's most precious defensive treasure, the Thousand Revolutions Tribulation Thunder Halberd!
This kind of Thousand Revolutions Tribulation Thunder Halberd was a secret weapon made by talisman masters. A Thousand Revolutions Tribulation Thunder Halberd was sealed with talismans. It was extremely powerful and could kill the enemy in one blow if the enemy was caught off guard!
However, this Thousand Revolutions Tribulation Thunder Halberd was a one-time consumable item, and its price was extremely high. After using it once, it would be useless. Generally, it was given to the younger generation of the family for self-defense.
This Luo Chengyun was actually so vicious. In a situation where his attack failed, he actually wanted to use such a vicious thing to deal with him. Although his body was tough, it would be extremely difficult for him to survive if he was hit by this Thunder Halberd. Luo Zheng was thoroughly angry.
A Thunder Halberd formed by lightning shot out from the Thousand Revolutions Tribulation Thunder Halberd and went straight to Luo Zheng.
At the critical moment, he dodged and rolled on the ground. The Thunder Halberd, with crackling lightning, swept over Luo Zheng's head and burned a few strands of Luo Zheng's hair.
Subsequently, a human target under the ring screamed. That human target was hit by the Thunder Halberd head-on, and its whole body was ignited with raging flames. The fierce fire instantly burned the human target into charcoal!
Seeing the miserable state of the human target, everyone's face turned ugly. This Luo Chengyun had gone too far. Just now, his Thunder Halberd could have hit anyone on the Drill Ground. What if it didn't hit the human target, but a member of the Luo family? Luo Chengyun simply didn't take the lives of the other members of the Luo family seriously.
Luo Zheng got up from the ground. His cold face seemed to be frozen. He clenched his fists and said, "After fighting for so long, are you satisfied now? Is it my turn now? "
"Not good!" Seeing the sudden change in the ring, Luo Junyi slapped the table and stood up. He was about to jump down from the high platform and rush into the ring. He had already noticed the abnormality in Luo Zheng's body. This vicious boy must have been planning for a long time to live in humiliation!
Unfortunately, no matter how fast Luo Junyi was, there was still some distance between the high platform and the ring. This little bit of time was enough for Luo Zheng to make his move.
"Purple Sandalwood Inch Punch."
Before Luo Chengyun could recover, he was hit by Luo Zheng's fist. Luo Zheng's punch was very clever. The Inch Punch blasted into Luo Chengyun's body, and in an instant, it exploded seven times.
"Puff, puff, puff, puff, puff."
After seven muffled sounds, seven bloody holes burst out from several parts of Luo Chengyun's body. They were the roots of his arms and legs, as well as his dantian and Qi acupoints.
These parts wouldn't harm Luo Chengyun's life, but it would make it difficult for him to cultivate again for the rest of his life.
One move!
The insufferably arrogant second young master of the Luo family was crippled by Luo Zheng.
The Luo family's Drill Ground was completely silent.
Who would have thought that the human target that people beat up at will on ordinary days would have such strength?
Some of the Luo family's disciples who had offended Luo Zheng suddenly felt a chill run down their spines. They thought that Luo Zheng was easy to bully. They didn't expect that he was actually hiding such terrifying strength.
He defeated Luo Chengyun with only one move. What about himself?
Luo Chengyun's face was full of disbelief. He thought that with his Bone Refining stage strength, dealing with Luo Zheng would be as simple as dealing with a three-year-old child. But why was Luo Zheng suddenly so strong? He had taken the Heaven and Earth Fortune Elixir, so his cultivation speed was many times faster than Luo Zheng's …
Luo Chengyun fell back with deep unwillingness. Luo Junyi rushed over in time and supported him. "Chengyun, my son! Are you all right? "
"I didn't hurt his vital parts. He won't die," said Luo Zheng.
Luo Junyi raised his head. His gentle and elegant face was already distorted. He pointed at Luo Zheng's nose and scolded: "You vicious little bastard, why did you hurt my son?"
"Fists and feet have no eyes. Life and death are up to fate. Not to mention that this was a deathmatch. In the past, many Luo family's disciples were injured by human targets in the ring. Third Uncle, you should know better than me!" Luo Zheng said seriously: "Now that I've defeated Luo Chengyun, according to the rules, I'm no longer a human target. I can leave the Luo family freely!"
"Hahahaha, I let you live because of my benevolence. I didn't expect you to grow to this point." Luo Junyi put Luo Chengyun down on one side and laughed loudly: "You think I'll let you go? Don't be delusional! "
Luo Zheng's face darkened. He asked: "Third Uncle, according to the rules of the family, I can leave the Luo family after winning the deathmatch …"
"Rules?" Luo Junyi interrupted Luo Zheng's words. His distorted face showed a mocking expression. "Only your useless father would follow the rules of the family. Let me tell you, what are the rules? In the Luo family, I am the rules! "
Hearing his Third Uncle's words, Luo Zheng's face twitched twice.
He wanted to swallow the man in front of him alive all the time, but he kept reminding himself to control his emotions. He must be patient.
Because he knew his strength was not enough. If he wanted to take revenge, he needed to leave the Luo family and give himself time to grow!
He thought he could leave justifiably after winning the deathmatch. He didn't expect that Luo Junyi didn't intend to reason with him at all.

Chapter 9
"Luo Zheng, it's a bit too much for you to insult your elders like this …" An elder of the Luo family said with a frown.
"Shut up!" Luo Zheng scolded, "When my father was murdered, what were you, the third, fourth, and fifth branches … the entire Luo family doing at that time? Are you worthy of the favor my father gave you? You're helping the tyrant, you're all accomplices in the murder of my father! "
The anger and injustice he had endured for two years finally erupted at this moment. Luo Zheng's voice was fierce, like an angry demon god, looking down on everyone in front of him. Everyone who saw Luo Zheng's eyes either avoided or lowered their heads, not daring to meet his eyes.
Luo Junyi didn't intend to continue this topic with Luo Zheng. "I'm not going to talk nonsense with you, little bastard. Hand over your body protection technique, and I'll allow you to kill yourself on the spot. I'll let you die painlessly, and I'll leave your body intact and bury you in the Luo family's ancestral grave." Then, a purple light as fine as hair extended from his arm.
"You're actually still coveting my body protection technique? In your dreams! " Then, Luo Zheng's feet stepped on the edge of the arena, and he rushed out with extreme speed. Since he couldn't leave in a dignified manner, he could only fight his way out.
Luo Zheng's speed was fast, but Luo Junyi's was even faster. After all, Luo Junyi was a famous expert who had entered the Viscera Refining stage for a long time. When he ran, he left behind a purple afterimage. He arrived in front of Luo Zheng and said, "Little bastard, your strength is not enough to see, you can't escape. I'll say it one more time, hand over your body protection technique! Otherwise, I'll let you suffer all kinds of torture, and then I'll grind your bones and scatter your ashes. You'll die without a burial place. "
"Get lost!"
What answered Luo Junyi was Luo Zheng's iron fist!
Facing Luo Zheng's attack, Luo Junyi didn't put it in his eyes at all. He stretched out his hand and lightly pushed away the strength of Luo Zheng's fist. At the same time, he got close to Luo Zheng's body and threw dozens of short punches in a breath.
Luo Junyi's strength was far from what the Luo Family disciples could compare with. A Bone Refining stage disciple's strength could reach one ding of strength, while a Viscera Refining stage disciple could reach three ding of strength!
The terrifying power of the fist poured into Luo Zheng's body. His body crazily transformed into a warm current. However, the power of the fist was too great, exceeding the limit of Luo Zheng's transformation. There was still a part of the power that he couldn't transform in time. It was this remaining power that injured Luo Zheng.
"Pu!"
Luo Zheng was sent flying and smashed into the ground. He immediately stood up and spat out a mouthful of blood.
Seeing that Luo Zheng could still stand up after taking so many punches from him, Luo Junyi's heart was also burning: "This protective cultivation method is really amazing. Hand it over, and I can consider letting you live in the Luo family!"
"You despicable people speak like farts. Do you think I'll believe you?" Luo Zheng said as he adjusted his breathing. After landing, Luo Zheng felt that the bones in his body were incomparably light. It seemed that after Luo Chengyun and Luo Junyi's tempering, the warm current had already washed away the impurities in his bones!
After a month of tempering, Luo Zheng had already stepped into the peak of the Bone Refining stage. However, because his body's strength had increased and the Luo Family disciples' strength was insufficient, he lacked the warm current to cleanse his bones, making it difficult for him to break through.
However, after being beaten up by Luo Chengyun and Luo Junyi, a large amount of warm current was produced in his body. It actually helped Luo Zheng temper the remaining impurities in his bones.
Now that the impurities in his bones had been cleansed, every bone in his body was incomparably pure.
At this moment, he felt that his body was incomparably light. Every bone in his body had spirituality, allowing him to freely control them. The frequency of his breathing had also changed. Every time he breathed, it took half as long as before. His breathing was long and continuous, and he could breathe in and out freely.
This was the sign of stepping into the Viscera Refining stage!
Power, a strong power poured into Luo Zheng's body. He was incomparably ecstatic, but his face did not show it.
"Stubborn! I hope that when we torture you later, your mouth can still be so stubborn! "Luo Junyi once again approached. This time, he wanted to capture Luo Zheng in one fell swoop.
However, at this moment, an astonishing scene appeared!
The moment Luo Junyi got close, Luo Zheng threw out a punch at lightning speed.
The speed of this punch was extremely fast. Luo Junyi was caught off guard and this punch hit him directly.
After entering the Viscera Refining stage, Luo Zheng's control of his bones had already reached perfection. The power he could display was far from what a Bone Refining stage martial artist could compare with. However, Luo Junyi did not know that Luo Zheng had stepped into the Viscera Refining stage. He had a wrong estimation of Luo Zheng's strength.
When this punch landed on Luo Junyi's body, Luo Junyi was immediately sent flying three zhang away. He rolled several times on the ground before he could get up.
"You, you actually stepped into the Viscera Refining stage!" Luo Junyi clutched his chest and spat out several mouthfuls of blood. His face was full of disbelief.
Luo Zheng sneered and scoffed at Luo Junyi's words.
He scanned the Luo family from top to bottom and asked, "Now, who else dares to stop me?"
At this moment, Luo Zheng's aggressiveness and arrogance were clearly visible.
No one dared to answer. The entire Drill Ground was dead silent.
Even Luo Junyi was injured by Luo Zheng's punch. Who else present could be Luo Zheng's opponent?
At this moment, a voice floated out from the corner, "I dare to stop you."
Then, a middle-aged man dressed in white walked out from the corner. This middle-aged man was handsome and had an elegant figure. He was like an immortal who had cultivated to become a sage. His every movement had a graceful bearing.
"Luo Bingquan!"
Seeing this person, Luo Zheng frowned.
If there was one person Luo Zheng didn't want to meet at this moment, it would be his second uncle, Luo Bingquan. He was the mastermind behind his father's murder. His third uncle, Luo Junyi, who was injured by Luo Zheng, could only be considered an accomplice!
As soon as Luo Bingquan appeared, his body emitted an almost tangible aura that swept towards Luo Zheng. As if facing a great enemy, Luo Zheng bowed slightly. Every muscle and bone in his body entered a state of alert!
Luo Bingquan's strength had already surpassed the Marrow Refining stage. Although he hadn't stepped into the Xiantian stage, he already had one foot in it. He was a "half-step into the Xiantian stage" expert!
And Luo Zheng had just stepped into the Viscera Refining stage. There was an entire Marrow Refining stage between him and Luo Bingquan!
To Luo Zheng, this was an existence he couldn't surpass. They weren't on the same level as each other.
But he would never give up!
If he wanted to give up, Luo Zheng would have done so two years ago!
The heavens had taken pity on Luo Zheng and gave him a chance to turn things around. He frantically warned himself that he couldn't die here. At this moment, his desire to live was incomparably strong.
Luo Zheng was silent for a while. He quietly took a big gulp of air. Without any warning, he crazily circulated his strength and strode out with his powerful legs.
But before he could get far, a long sword wrapped in purple aura flew towards Luo Zheng and nailed itself in front of Luo Zheng, blocking his path.
Luo Zheng twisted his waist, trying to avoid the purple long sword. However, another purple long sword blocked his path. Then, purple long swords continuously shot towards Luo Zheng, forcing Luo Zheng to retreat step by step.
Under the pressure of the purple long swords, Luo Zheng actually retreated to his original position. His expression turned ugly. Although Luo Bingquan was only a half-step into the Xiantian stage and couldn't use his True Qi freely, the power was already so terrifying …
Luo Bingquan said with his hands behind his back, "You bastard, I let you live in the Luo Family for the sake of our family. I didn't expect you to not know your place. You even injured your third uncle and tried to leave the Luo Family! Since you want to die, I'll fulfill your wish! "
The purple long swords spun and flew up from the ground, stabbing towards Luo Zheng from different directions. Luo Zheng's eyes were about to pop out of their sockets. He couldn't dodge now. Even if he was as tough as a Profound Weapon, his defense was as fragile as paper in front of a half-step into the Xiantian stage like Luo Bingquan!
Luo Zheng couldn't accept this. Deep unwillingness rose in his heart.
At this moment, Luo Junyi suddenly stopped him and said, "Second Brother, don't kill him first."
Luo Bingquan controlled the purple long swords that were stabbing towards Luo Zheng and asked, "Why?"
"I don't know what kind of fortuitous encounter this kid had. His body is much stronger than ordinary people. Moreover, his cultivation speed is comparable to Pei Ran and Cheng Yun who ate the Fortune of Heaven and Earth Elixir," Luo Junyi explained.
Luo Bingquan aimed a purple long sword at Luo Zheng's forehead and said expressionlessly, "Tell me, what kind of fortuitous encounter did you have?"
Luo Zheng sneered. He would die if he didn't speak, so why waste his breath? He didn't even want to say a single word.
At this moment, the plaque on the Luo family's gate suddenly exploded. A bronze cauldron as tall as a person suddenly fell from the sky and heavily smashed into the ground with a "bang". The sound of the collision made the ears of the Luo family disciples go numb.
After the bronze cauldron smashed into the ground, it rolled down the steps, knocking the disciples of the Luo family all over the place and causing them to scream repeatedly.
"Who's causing trouble?"
Luo Bingquan snorted coldly. However, he controlled the purple long sword to change direction. It floated up and stabbed towards the tumbling bronze cauldron.
"Ding ding ding ding ding ding!"
The purple long sword and the bronze cauldron collided, producing crisp sounds. However, they couldn't stop the cauldron from moving forward.
After the bronze cauldron rolled down the steps, it suddenly turned in a strange circle and unexpectedly rolled towards Luo Zheng. Seeing this, Luo Bingquan cursed. Using his body movement, he hurriedly grabbed at Luo Zheng.
But in the end, the bronze cauldron was still a bit faster. When it approached Luo Zheng, a withered hand suddenly reached out from the cauldron and pulled Luo Zheng into the cauldron.
"You want to leave? No way!" Luo Bingquan saw that Luo Zheng had been taken away by the person in the cauldron. He reached out and grabbed the edge of the cauldron, forcibly fixing the cauldron in place.
In the cauldron, the withered hand turned into a sharp claw and suddenly grabbed at Luo Bingquan.
Luo Bingquan's reaction was also very fast. He backhanded his palm and hit the withered hand. Luo Bingquan immediately retreated a few steps and said with an ugly expression, "Are you Xie Lang?"
As soon as Luo Bingquan's voice fell, an old man crawled out of the cauldron. This old man was extremely thin. There wasn't much flesh on his body. He was as scary as a skeleton.

Chapter 10
Xie Lang was a weapon refiner in Chongyang County.
In the East Region, weapon refiners were a very popular profession. Most families were willing to pay a high price to treat them as guests of honor to forge divine weapons for the family.
However, most families in the East Region hated and hated Xie Lang very much when they mentioned him. They wanted to kill him as soon as possible.
This was because this person's actions were very strange and his weapon refining methods were very evil. Every time he opened the furnace, he would use the blood of living people to refine it. He would even throw living people into the furnace and burn them alive.
Such a vicious person was wanted and surrounded by many families in the East Region. However, this person's strength was tyrannical and his whereabouts were erratic. He was lucky to escape several encirclements.
Unexpectedly, he happened to pass by here today and inexplicably picked Luo Zheng. Moreover, he stretched out his hand to kidnap her without saying a word.
"Xie Lang, this person is from the Luo Family. Let him out quickly," Luo Bingquan said solemnly. Although he was a Half-step to Innate Realm, he would not be relaxed when facing Xie Lang.
Xie Lang clicked his tongue and said with a smile, "Since he is from the Luo Family, why do you still point your sword at him? Since you want to kill him so much, wouldn't it be better if I took care of him for you? "
"Since the unfilial son of my family is to be dealt with by me, the patriarch, those who offend the Luo Family will not have a good ending. Don't make a mistake!" Luo Bingquan said seriously. Those purple long swords floated around him, ready to attack.
"If Luo Xiao was here, I would have some scruples. But you … Haha, you are still lacking. Who in the Luo Family can't be offended by me now?" Xie Lang laughed shrilly.
"Such a demon, spouting nonsense. Watch me kill you here with my own hands!" Luo Bingquan's face darkened. The purple long sword whistled and slashed towards Xie Lang.
"Let's see how you kill me!" With a sharp laugh, Xie Lang drilled back into the copper furnace. The copper furnace started to roll, and actually went back and charged towards the Luo Family disciples.
When the Luo Family's disciples saw the huge cauldron rolling towards them, all of them screamed for their parents and fled in all directions. Some of the Luo Family's disciples couldn't dodge in time and were sent flying to the side. Their bodies were badly mutilated, and it was unknown if they were still alive.
Luo Bingquan followed behind, constantly controlling the purple longsword to slash at the copper furnace. Although his purple longswords were incomparably sharp, the copper furnace had some unknown metal added to it. Under the slashing of the purple longsword, it only produced a series of clanging sounds, but not a single mark was left behind.
The copper cauldron crushed the entire Drill Ground into a mess. The disciples of the Luo Family screamed again and again. Then, it turned around and swaggered away …
Luo Bingquan watched helplessly as the copper cauldron rolled further and further away, but he was powerless to do anything. He gritted his teeth and was just about to raise his sword to chase after it when he was stopped by Luo Junyi. "Second Brother, this demon's actions are strange. It's better not to chase after it."
"That unfilial son, Luo Zheng, how should we deal with him?" Luo Bingquan said expressionlessly.
Luo Junyi sneered and said, "This Xie Lang's actions are vicious. Most of the living people that he captured were thrown into the furnace and burned alive. Luo Zheng definitely won't be able to survive in his hands."
Luo Bingquan nodded and glanced around at the disciples of the Luo Family. There was a surge of uneasiness in his heart, but he couldn't figure out where this uneasiness came from. So, he said to Luo Junyi in annoyance, "Pass down the order. Do your best to treat the injured disciples of the Luo Family today!"
On the Drill Ground, there were probably dozens of injured disciples of the Luo Family. Many of them had broken legs or ribs, and were crying and screaming in pain.
When the other disciples of the Luo Family who were not injured saw this scene, their hearts were gloomy.
Putting aside the grudges between Luo Zheng and Second Uncle and Third Uncle, the Luo Family had indeed declined.
In the past, when Luo Zheng's father, Luo Xiao, was still alive, how could a demon like Xie Lang dare to come to their door so brazenly?
Moreover, the decline of the Luo Family could be seen in many subtle ways.
In the ranking of the big families in Chongyang County, the Luo Family, which had always been at the top, was now ranked outside the top three.
In the past, the disciples of the Luo Family walked on the streets, showing off their prowess. In Chongyang County, who dared to provoke them?
Now, the disciples of the Luo Family had become cowards. They even had to look at the faces of some servants in the family.
These days, they couldn't live anymore …
…
…
Luo Zheng shrank in the small copper furnace and didn't make a sound.
As the former Young Master, Luo Zheng had of course heard of Xie Lang. His father had told him more than once that if Xie Lang fell into his hands, he would use the three feet long Qingfeng Sword in his hand to cut Xie Lang into two.
Luo Zheng had also heard of Xie Lang's various atrocities, such as using living people as sacrificial offerings to refine weapons.
Falling into the hands of this person, Luo Zheng could only sigh and say that he was unlucky. He had just escaped from the wolf's den and landed in the tiger's den.
The copper furnace rolled forward, and Luo Zheng also followed it and kept spinning. In addition, there was a rotten smell coming from Lang Xie's body, which made Luo Zheng almost vomit.
After rolling for a while, the bronze cauldron suddenly stopped. Lang Xie stared at Luo Zheng with his empty eyes, which were as hollow as a skeleton's. He even sniffed Luo Zheng with his nose, then said with a puzzled face, "This is strange. I have never seen a body like yours in all these years. You don't seem to be a human! The smell on your body is very similar to the profound weapons that I have refined. "
"I am a living person with hands and feet. If I am not a human, then what am I? I advise you to let me go. I am of no help to you in refining weapons. "Luo Zheng said snappily, but his heart skipped a beat. This Xie Lang's nose was so sensitive that he could smell the body of a profound weapon.
"Let you go? Hehe, don't count on it. I like people with a special body like yours. If I throw you into my precious refining furnace, I don't know what kind of things I can refine! " After saying this, Xie Lang reached out and handcuffed Luo Zheng with a chain in the copper furnace. Then he jumped out of the copper furnace.
The copper furnace suddenly rose from the ground and floated forward. It turned out that Lang Xie had used his hand to hold the copper furnace and was running wildly. His speed was much faster than before.
This made it convenient for Luo Zheng. Just now, he was rolling forward and it was really uncomfortable. Now, he didn't have to smell the rotten smell of Xie Lang's body. He could even stick his head out of the copper furnace and look at the surrounding scenery.
As for the chain that was handcuffing him, it was neither gold nor iron. He pulled hard and it didn't move an inch. So he gave up the idea of breaking the chain. Even if he could escape from the copper furnace, so what? Xie Lang wasn't even afraid of Luo Bingquan. How could he escape in front of Xie Lang?
Relying on his bare feet, Xie Lang ran at an extremely fast speed. The dense black forest continued to fly behind Luo Zheng. Looking at the towering trees and the ghostly cries of crows and owls, he reckoned that he had reached the deepest part of the forest.
After passing through the large forest, Luo Zheng saw a cliff suddenly appear in front of him. However, Xie Lang didn't seem to know about it. He ran straight to the end of the cliff and finally jumped up with the copper furnace.
If he jumped down from the cliff like this, wouldn't he be smashed to pieces? Luo Zheng firmly grabbed the edge of the copper furnace. Just as he was panicking, the copper furnace stopped falling.
It turned out that on the cliff, there were rocks that looked like barbs protruding out. Xie Lang held the copper furnace with one hand and grabbed the barbs with the other. Just like that, he descended down the cliff step by step.
At the end of the cliff, there was a towering tree with dense branches and leaves. Xie Lang stepped on the trunk of the big tree and stretched out his hand to push aside the dense branches and leaves, revealing a big hole.
The hole was narrow and the copper furnace could barely squeeze in. However, the deeper he went in, the more space there was. It was a completely different world inside.
"It's no wonder that Xie Lang managed to escape even after Chongyang County launched several joint manhunts. He actually placed his lair in such a place. It's too secretive," Luo Zheng thought to himself.
The interior of the cave was dozens of feet high. The walls of the cave flickered with a dark red light. Looking carefully, there was a faint flow of underground fire. This place was an excellent place for refining weapons.
In the middle of the interior, there was a black refining furnace. The furnace had four legs and was completely black. Eight sharp thorns protruded out of the furnace's walls. The end of each of the sharp thorns actually pierced into a person's body!
This person's blood essence had been completely absorbed by the sharp thorns. All of them were skinny and were even scarier than skeletons. However, their abdomens were undulating and they were on the verge of death. They were actually not dead yet. These were all living people!
Not far from the crafting furnace, there were a dozen or so iron cages made of refined iron. Each of the cages was about a meter long, and each of them had a living person curled up inside. Most of these people had lifeless eyes, and their bodies were constantly trembling.
It was said that Xie Lang's methods were cruel and vicious. Now, it seemed that it was true. He actually used such an evil method to refine weapons. Seeing this scene, Luo Zheng was secretly shocked.
"Clang!"
The copper furnace was thrown heavily onto the ground. Xie Lang laughed shrilly and climbed onto the copper furnace. He extended his nose in front of Luo Zheng and sniffed. A satisfied smile appeared on his face as he said, "Using flesh to refine weapons and sealing a person's resentment into the weapon. The Profound Weapon refined in this way will naturally have a strong resentment and its power will increase greatly! I don't know why, but the aura of your flesh and blood is very similar to that of the Profound Weapon. If I refine you together with the Profound Weapon, I'm afraid it will increase the power of my 'Hellfire Sword'. Who knows, I might even be able to refine it into a Spiritual Weapon! "
＝＝＝＝＝

Chapter 11
Xie Lang was a Profound Rank Weapon Refiner. Relying on these incomparably sinister refining methods, he was most proud of refining three high-grade Profound Armaments in his life. That 'Hellfire Sword' was also one of the three high-grade Profound Armaments.
But Xie Lang was not satisfied with refining Profound Armaments. His biggest dream in life was to be able to refine a Spiritual Weapon!
In the current world, as long as it was a graded weapon, it was priceless.
Just like the Luo Clan, they only had one Upper Grade Profound Armament. That Upper Grade Profound Armament was Luo Zheng's father, Luo Xiao's sword, "Green Glow Wind Chasing Sword". This Upper Grade Profound Armament was the only one in Chong Yang County. Luo Xiao rarely used it and hid it in the most secretive place in the clan. After Luo Bingquan harmed Luo Xiao, he had dug three feet into the ground to find this sword but to no avail. Until now, no one knew where the Green Glow Wind Chasing Sword was hidden.
And this was only a Upper Grade Profound Armament.
If it was a Spiritual Weapon, then it would be even worse. If an ordinary person were to obtain a Spiritual Weapon, they would only be looking for disaster. An ordinary man's wealth would arouse the envy of others. Not to mention an ordinary person, even if the Luo Clan obtained a Spiritual Weapon, they would have to obediently hand it over to prevent the clan from being exterminated!
That Spiritual Weapon could be said to be the most valuable treasure in the world. It had all kinds of special abilities. Some could increase the speed of cultivation, some could increase the battle power of the person holding the Spiritual Weapon by several times …
Hearing Xie Lang's words, a bitter smile appeared on Luo Zheng's face. He said, "It's said that the most important thing in the path of refining is the materials and the heat. These two things are not complete, so it's impossible to refine the most perfect treasure. Do you expect my body of flesh and blood to be able to help you refine a spiritual weapon? Isn't this too much of a joke … "
Luo Zheng had read a lot of books. No matter if it was refining pills or refining weapons, he had dabbled in them. But his ambition was in martial arts. He did not delve deeply into these books and only knew a little.
Now that he was in a desperate situation, he could not just sit and wait for death. He tried to persuade Xie Lang to let him go.
"From what you've said, it seems that you've only scratched the surface of the art of refining!" As Xie Lang spoke, he unlocked Luo Zheng's handcuffs and pulled him out of the copper furnace. However, he threw him into a cage at the side and locked the cage with a "clang". A terrifying smile appeared on his skeletal face: "I, Xie Lang, am not strong enough. The rare materials are too far away from me. The True Fire that I use to refine weapons is only of the second grade. If I want to refine spirit weapons, I need to refine them. Of course, I can only use evil methods. As for whether you can be refined into a spiritual artifact after I throw you into the furnace, hehe, that will depend on the fortune of the primordial world! "
But with the Primordial Chaos …
This was something that all the artificers in the world would say.
Refining with True Fire depended ninety percent on strength and one percent on luck.
From the sound of it, luck was actually not that important.
However, there were some craftsmen who, with their heaven-defying luck, managed to craft some supreme-grade supreme treasures.
There were people who spent their entire lives researching and trying to find the pattern, but in the end, they found nothing. In the end, they could only attribute it to luck.
From this point of view, luck seemed unimportant, but at the same time, it was the most important factor.
And Primordial Chaos was the God of Tools in the hearts of the craftsmen. It was the belief of all the craftsmen. Therefore, when they were refining, they would say, "Let's rely on the fortune of the primordial world."
This sentence was similar to the "Pray to the Heavens" of those religious people.
Thinking that his life was just a gamble of luck for Xie Lang, Luo Zheng could only smile bitterly and feel deeply unreconciled.
He could only blame himself for being too weak.
In this one month, he had advanced rapidly. In one month, he had advanced from the Flesh Refinement Stage to the Organs Refinement Stage.
However, compared to people like Xie Lang and Luo Bingquan, the gap was still too big.
It was not easy to have hope, but he had fallen into such a desperate situation. Luo Zheng could only sigh at the unfairness of fate.
Xie Lang was busy in the cave for a long time. First, he knocked in the corner, then he carried an object into the crafting furnace. After coming out, he sat in front of the crafting furnace, then clapped his hands and made a strange posture.
At the same time, the black-colored crafting furnace suddenly lit up. A series of complicated but neat runes blossomed on the walls of the furnace. For a moment, it emitted an intense red light, illuminating the entire cave.
The living people who were pierced by the spikes extended from the crafting furnace all had hunched backs. Their mouths were constantly emitting "Hehe" screams. Their expressions were extremely painful. Drops of blood flowed along the spikes into the crafting furnace. The crafting furnace was actually sucking the blood essence of those living people.
The blood essence flowed along the lines on the walls of the crafting furnace. The red light it emitted was even brighter and more alluring. It was incomparably enchanting.
After activating the crafting furnace, a black and white long sword appeared in Xie Lang's hand. This should be the high-grade profound weapon that Xie Lang had mentioned, the Hellfire Sword.
Xie Lang held the Hellfire Sword in his hand and stroked it for a while. His gaze seemed to be much gentler, as if he was looking at his own son. From the face of such a demon, Luo Zheng, who was secretly observing from the side, blushed with shame. This person was completely a madman.
After stroking it for a while, Xie Lang turned his head and smiled strangely at Luo Zheng. He walked over and pulled Luo Zheng out of the cage and said, "You should feel honored to be able to fuse with my Hellfire Sword!"
Luo Zheng shook his head. It was futile to communicate with such a madman. Unfortunately, this madman's strength was so high. He could only admit that he was unlucky. It was a pity that before he could take revenge, he was about to be burned to ashes by Xie Lang. He could only resent the heavens for not opening their eyes.
Being dragged by Xie Lang all the way to the crafting furnace, Luo Zheng was pushed in.
The crafting furnace was dark and there were traces of being burned by the fire everywhere. In the center of the furnace, there was a table.
Then Xie Lang also came in and placed his Hellfire Sword on the table. He laughed sharply at Luo Zheng and was about to come out of the crafting furnace.
Just as Xie Lang walked to the mouth of the crafting furnace, he suddenly turned his head. With a flick of his finger, a yellow powder flew towards Luo Zheng.
The smell of the yellow powder was fragrant, but after inhaling a little, Luo Zheng immediately felt his hands and feet go soft. This powder was actually the Ten Fragrant Tendon Weakening Powder. This kind of knockout drug could paralyze the meridians in a short period of time, causing the hands and feet to be weak.
Luo Zheng originally planned to snatch the Hellfire Sword and smash the crafting furnace to fight with Xie Lang. It was better than being burned to ashes here. Now, he had completely given up on this idea. As soon as he used his strength, he felt his whole body go soft and he couldn't muster up the slightest bit of strength.
Am I, Luo Zheng's life going to end here?
I am a fish on the chopping block. If you want to blame someone, blame it on my weak strength! I can only be trampled on.
He clenched his teeth and his face revealed a look of despair. While his mind was wandering, he saw a flame suddenly rush in from the center of the crafting furnace.
The flames were bright yellow in color. As the flames burned, they looked like yellow lotuses. These flames should be Xie Lang's Natal True Fire.
As soon as the True Life Fire appeared, it immediately spread out and filled the entire crafting furnace. Luo Zheng also felt a wave of boiling heat in front of him. He was already enveloped by the True Life Fire.
"Puff!"
Luo Zheng's clothes were almost instantly ignited by the flame and turned into ashes.
When the True Life Fire touched his skin, he suddenly felt a burning sensation. It was the True Life Fire burning his skin. Luo Zheng clenched his teeth and prepared to welcome the pain brought by the burning. But after clenching his teeth for a long time, the pain that he imagined didn't come.
He only felt a little burning. This burning sensation, other than making him feel a little uncomfortable, didn't cause too much discomfort.
Luo Zheng opened his closed eyes in puzzlement and looked down at his body. Other than his clothes being burned, his body didn't have the slightest injury. Not only was his skin not burned, even his hair was not burned.
Could it be that he wasn't afraid of the True Life Fire at all?
Luo Zheng, who originally thought that he was going to die, suddenly felt a burst of ecstasy.
Although he didn't know what was going on, the inconceivable scene in front of him must be related to what happened in the cellar that day. Could it be that after he became a Profound Weapon, he wasn't afraid of being burned by the True Life Fire at all?
Just as he was thinking this, the True Life Fire pouring in from the outside of the crafting furnace increased in intensity.
Wisps of yellow True Life Fire that was shaped like a lotus turned into two invisible hands and continuously attacked Luo Zheng's body and the "Hellfire Sword" that was placed on the table. After the intensity of the fire increased, although Luo Zheng felt that the burning sensation had increased, it was still within the range that he could endure.
In contrast, the Hellfire Sword had undergone a change. Whether it was the sword blade or the sword hilt, they all turned red. The black and white runes on the sword also began to flicker with a strange light, as if they were absorbing the energy from the yellow True Life Fire.
"So when a Weapon Refiner refines a weapon, he controls the tempering process of the True Life Fire. After burning the weapon until it is completely red, he then injects the energy from the True Life Fire into it. But this method is very unique. This True Life Fire is neither close nor distant around the Hellfire Sword, and it's suspended in the air …" Unintentionally, Luo Zheng watched the process of a Weapon Refiner refining a weapon, and it was in the crafting furnace.
Luo Zheng watched the process of refining with relish. Suddenly, someone outside the crafting furnace exclaimed. It was Xie Lang who discovered Luo Zheng's strangeness.
Xie Lang, who was outside the crafting furnace, did not expect that his True Life Fire had been burning for quite a while. Even the Hellfire Sword had been burned red by him, yet this young man was still alive?
Although this young man's body did indeed emit the aura of a Profound Weapon, that being said, he still had a physical body after all! Could it be that this young man's body was really comparable to a Xuan Artifact?
Thinking of this, his haggard face was filled with excitement. He, Xie Lang, did not take the orthodox path of refining weapons, so the more bizarre and strange the materials were, the more he liked them.
Just like the Hellfire Sword that he had refined, it was refined using two materials that conflicted with Yin and Yang. If it was any other Weapon Refiner, they would definitely not fuse these two materials together to refine. However, Xie Lang did not believe in this evil. Not only did he refine it, he even refined a high-grade Xuan Artifact.
This was relying on the Primordial Chaos!
Now that he saw Luo Zheng's strange physique, although his True Life Fire was only second-grade, it was ten times more powerful than ordinary flames. How could Xie Lang not be surprised when he saw that it could not burn the young man to death?
Seeing that this young man was actually unharmed under the refinement of his True Life Fire, on one hand, he was pleasantly surprised. On the other hand, he was somewhat depressed. Even though this young man's body was a heavenly treasure, what was the use if his True Life Fire could not burn it?
After thinking for a while, he reached out and took out a pill from his bosom. The pill was greenish-gray in color and there were lines of flame-like pill patterns on the surface of the pill.
"Fire Melting Pill!"
This third-grade pill was priceless. It could forcefully raise one's Natal True Life Fire by a level in a short period of time. Back then, in order to obtain this pill, he had to use a high-grade Xuan Artifact to exchange for it.
This Fire Melting Pill had been with him for many years. As it was too precious, he had always been reluctant to use it.
Today, when he took out this Fire Melting Pill, his eyes revealed a hint of hesitation. If he added this Fire Melting Pill, it would be considered a huge gamble. Xie Lang thought about it again. How many times had he refined high-grade Xuan Artifacts? Which one of them was not a huge gamble? If he gambled correctly this time, he would be able to raise the quality of his Hellfire Sword to a Spiritual Weapon …
Thinking of this, Xie Lang's heart burned with passion. He swallowed the Fire Melting Pill in one gulp.
This Fire Melting Pill was a pill of extreme Yang. The moment he swallowed it, Xie Lang felt as if his throat was being burned by fire. He could even spit out fire from his seven orifices. With a loud roar, he circulated the True Life Fire in his body and crazily poured it into the crafting furnace.

Chapter 12
The original bright yellow lotus flames had now turned into a demonic golden red. Each lotus flame was emitting a terrifying heat.
When these golden red lotus flames rushed towards Luo Zheng, his complexion changed. The power of this Lotus True Fire had suddenly increased by several times. His body might not be able to withstand it.
Just as Luo Zheng expected, this golden red lotus flame was far more powerful than the previous bright yellow lotus flame.
When that golden red flame touched Luo Zheng's skin, an intense burning pain came from his body. Luo Zheng endured the pain and strangely found that his body had turned dark red. It was exactly the same as what had happened in the cellar that day.
When ordinary people were burned by high temperature, the moisture in their body would first be dried up. Finally, they would be ignited and turned into a pile of charcoal.
But Luo Zheng's body was so strange. It was really like a profound weapon made of fine iron. It was actually slowly burning red.
Those tiny golden leaves that were originally buried in his skin were now floating on Luo Zheng's skin. For a moment, his whole body was covered by those glittering golden leaves. For a moment, the golden light was shining brightly.
The obscure tadpole-like characters on those tiny golden leaves began to spin. The spinning speed was getting faster and faster. Unexpectedly, tiny vortexes were formed on the surface of Luo Zheng's body.
After these vortexes were formed, they produced a fierce suction force. The lotus flames in the entire crafting furnace rushed towards Luo Zheng's body and were sucked into those tiny vortexes.
True Fire refining the body!
His body was actually forcibly sucking in all the True Fire.
Those lotus flames endlessly drilled into Luo Zheng's body. His arms, his body, his legs, his neck … …
This process was extremely painful. This pain was not only physical. The lotus flames even penetrated his skin and burned every inch of his body.
He clenched his teeth and endured this pain.
Compared to the pain of his soul being refined by the black flames, the pain of his body was much lighter.
Under the burning of the True Fire, Luo Zheng felt that the poison of the Ten Fragrant Tendon Weakening Powder in his body was slowly disappearing!
At the same time, Luo Zheng felt that the huge furnace that had been quietly floating in his mind was about to move. The abnormally calm black flames in the furnace were now like a wild horse that had escaped its reins. They shot out of the furnace and finally penetrated Luo Zheng's consciousness and drilled out from between Luo Zheng's eyebrows!
This black flame seemed to have a life of its own. It appeared in front of Luo Zheng.
And as soon as it appeared, it let out a strange cry and pounced towards the Karma Fire Sword.
The Karmic Fire Sword had been burned by Xie Lang's True Fire for so long, but it had only turned red. However, with just a light touch of the black flame, the priceless Karmic Fire Sword, which was known as a high-grade Xuan Artifact, instantly melted into a few drops of molten iron.
Seeing the power of the black flame, Luo Zheng was flabbergasted. What was the origin of this black flame? How could it be so terrifying?
The black flame wrapped around the molten iron of the Karma Fire Sword and drilled into between Luo Zheng's eyebrows, returning to Luo Zheng's mind. Originally, Luo Zheng was terrified. Although he had a Xuan Weapon body, he couldn't possibly refine the molten iron into his head, right?
However, Luo Zheng didn't feel any discomfort. In Luo Zheng's mind, the black flame wrapped around the few drops of molten iron and sent them into the mouth of the Qinglong relief sculpture.
There were nine huge dragon reliefs on the huge furnace. Only the Qinglong's eyes were open. At this moment, the Qinglong let out a low dragon roar. It raised its head and swallowed the few drops of molten iron. Qinglong's body originally had tens of thousands of dull scales. However, after the Qinglong swallowed the few drops of molten iron, a strange change occurred.
At the tail of the Qinglong, there was a scale that was emitting a cyan brilliance. It was like a flawless emerald, very beautiful.
The few drops of molten iron of the Karma Fire Sword had activated a scale on the Qinglong relief sculpture!
This scene that occurred in his mind made Luo Zheng incomparably astonished.
At the same time, he felt a surge of power gushing out from the scale, pouring into his body like a torrent.
His strength was actually increasing at a rapid pace!
Could it be that the scales on the dragon's body could be activated as long as the black flame kept devouring Xuan Weapons?
So that's how it was, that's how it was! Luo Zheng's face revealed a look of ecstasy. After being sacrificially refined in the crafting furnace, he seemed to understand something about the huge furnace.
Just a single scale had increased his strength by several times. What would happen if he lit up all the tens of thousands of scales on the Azure Dragon's body? Moreover, there were white dragons, purple dragons, black dragons, and blue dragons on the Qinglong relief sculpture …
How terrifying would his power be if he activated all the scales on the nine dragons?
Tsk, tsk. Luo Zheng licked his dry lips. That terrifying power was beyond his imagination.
However, it seemed that it would not be easy to light up the dragon scales.
According to Xie Lang, the Karma Fire Sword was an Upper Grade Xuan Weapon. It was priceless!
The essence of a Upper Grade Xuan Weapon could only light up one scale. How many treasures would it take to light up tens of thousands of scales? Even if all the treasures in the Eastern Region were used to smelt, it would still be difficult to light up all the scales on the Qinglong, not to mention that there were eight other dragons above the Qinglong.
This matter needed to be considered at length. He could not be impatient!
Luo Zheng was not arrogant and impatient. He sat down cross-legged in the blazing Genuine Fire and let the golden vortex on his body absorb the lotus flame, using the fire to refine his body.
Xie Lang, who was outside the crafting furnace, also discovered the strange matter. His face revealed a trace of doubt. From the beginning, he could not feel the existence of his Karma Fire Sword. Could it be that it had fused with that brat? At the same time, he could not feel the brat's life force.
Moreover, he discovered that the Genuine Life Fire that he had released was continuously disappearing. What strange thing was happening in the crafting furnace?
Maybe he had succeeded in refining the Spiritual Weapon! This was also very possible!
As long as one was a crafting master, it was clear that when the crafting process was about to end and a treasure was about to be produced, it would absorb a large amount of Genuine Life Fire. This stage was called "Condensation".
According to the grade of the treasure, the amount of Genuine Life Fire that needed to be condensed was not the same. The higher the grade of the treasure, the more Genuine Life Fire that needed to be condensed.
When Xie Lang was refining the "Karma Fire Sword", he had to absorb a full two hours of Genuine Life Fire during the condensation stage before it could be produced.
However, it had already far exceeded the time of three incense sticks …
The higher the grade of the treasure, the more Genuine Life Fire it would absorb during the condensation process, and the longer it would take. The treasure in the crafting furnace had absorbed so much Genuine Life Fire for so long. It was extremely likely that it was a Spiritual Weapon!
Thinking of this, Xie Lang's heart immediately burned with passion.
Indeed, only a Spiritual Weapon could absorb so much Genuine Life Fire during the condensation process.
Without saying a word, he went all out and continuously activated the Genuine Life Fire in his body, sending it into the crafting furnace.
Although Xie Lang had sent in a lot of Genuine Life Fire, it was as if there was a small black hole inside the crafting furnace.
Six hours later, Xie Lang was already drenched in sweat and panting heavily.
After all, Xie Lang was only a "Half-step Innate". With his identity as a craftsman, his control of Genuine Life Fire had already far surpassed that of others of the same level. However, he had not stepped into the Precelestial Realm, so releasing so much Genuine Life Fire at once was an extremely strenuous task for him.
However, he was worried. As a craftsman, he was very clear about the importance of the "Condensation" process. If the "Condensation" process was not done well, the weapon in the crafting furnace would probably be wasted!
Xie Lang had no other choice but to grit his teeth and endure.
Until twenty hours later …
Xie Lang squeezed out the last bit of Genuine Life Fire in his body, and with a "plop" sound, he laid on the ground, panting heavily. He could no longer hold on.
After resting for a while, Xie Lang crawled up from the ground and took out a few black pills from his bosom to swallow them. After replenishing his strength, he walked towards the crafting furnace.
The moment he opened the crafting furnace, Xie Lang's expression was very complicated. He was not sure if the spirit weapon had been successfully refined.

Chapter 13
After all, Xie Lang was a half-step Xiantian expert. His reaction was extremely fast. Facing this heavy punch, he stomped on the ground and his entire body flew out.
However, Luo Zheng's punch was extremely fast. It still hit Xie Lang's body. Although Xie Lang used his retreating action to reduce half of the force, the normal force still caused Xie Lang's blood to churn. After landing, Xie Lang spat out a mouthful of blood. At the same time, he said with a complicated expression, "You're actually not dead yet!"
"Thanks to you, I'm not dead yet!" Luo Zheng said as he clenched his fist. He was secretly shocked in his heart. He had already stepped into the Viscera Refinement stage, and his strength had already reached three cauldrons of strength. Relying on the dragon scale on the Azure Dragon relief sculpture, his strength had more than doubled. In the punch just now, he had mobilized all the strength in his body. He wanted to take advantage of Xie Lang's unpreparedness and kill him in one blow.
He didn't expect Xie Lang's reaction to be so fast. He had almost dodged his extremely threatening punch in an instant.
Compared to Luo Zheng, Xie Lang was even more shocked. This brat was merely in the Viscera Refining Realm. This kind of strength was not worth mentioning at all. However, after throwing this brat into the crafting furnace and refining it, how did his strength suddenly increase?
If he hadn't dodged that punch quickly, he would have been killed by this brat's punch.
"Where's my Karmic Fire Sword?" Xie Lang asked. In comparison, he was most concerned about his own treasure.
Luo Zheng smiled and spread his hands towards Xie Lang. He revealed two rows of white teeth and said, "Of course it was eaten by me!"
"Eaten by you?" Xie Lang's face revealed an expression of disbelief. The hardness of a high-grade profound weapon was extremely high. How could it be eaten by someone? However, looking at this brat's naked body, there was no place to hide the Karmic Fire Sword. The crafting furnace was also empty. Where was the shadow of his Karmic Fire Sword?
Xie Lang's face was filled with rage as he shouted sternly, "Where did my Karmic Fire Sword go?"
"I already said that I ate it …" Luo Zheng felt that he was telling the truth. The Karmic Fire Sword had been refined into molten iron essence by the black flames and was swallowed by the Qinglong in his mind. It could indeed be said that he had "eaten" it.
"Alright, since you said you ate it, I'll cut open your stomach and see if it's in your stomach!" As soon as his voice fell, Xie Lang's figure instantly exploded. His pair of withered branch-like hands grabbed towards Luo Zheng's chest. He actually wanted to forcefully rip open Luo Zheng's stomach.
How could Luo Zheng allow Xie Lang to touch him so easily? After going through the tempering of the True Fire, the strength of his body had increased once again. Now, his body was comparable to a mid-grade Profound Artifact. He moved his feet lightly, and with the use of his strength, the bones in his entire body exploded, reverberating throughout the cave. It was as if there were bursts of thunder, deafening the ears.
"Red Sandalwood Inch Punch!"
In a head-on clash, Luo Zheng was not weak at all. In terms of physical strength, Luo Zheng was a Xuan Weapon. After being calcined by the Real Fire, his body was comparable to a middle-grade Xuan Weapon. In terms of strength, although he was only at the Viscera Refining stage, with the help of the awakened power of the dragon scale, he wouldn't lose out to even a half-step Xiantian expert!
What's more, Xie Lang had used his True Fire to calcine him for twenty hours. It was close to a day and a night. The strength in his entire body was already exhausted. He was like an arrow at the end of its flight.
Just as the two of them were about to clash, Xie Lang's figure tilted. He actually drew an arc in the air at an extremely fast speed, and chopped with his hand!
"Roaring Flame Blade!"
"Ping!"
The strength of a half-step Xiantian expert was astonishing. Moreover, Xie Lang's attack was mixed with the burning power of his True Fire. This hand chop actually split open a crack on Luo Zheng's skin.
Luo Zheng and Xie Lang were both extremely shocked!
Xie Lang was shocked that Luo Zheng's body was actually so hard. In Xie Lang's memory, even the bodies of those special races in the Savage Lands couldn't be so hard. His Roaring Flame Blade contained the power of his True Fire. Even if it was reinforced steel and iron bones, it could split open with one chop.
However, when the attack just now cut open Luo Zheng's skin and touched his bones, it actually made a sound of metal clashing. What was going on? Could it be that this brat's body itself was a Xuan Tool?
Luo Zheng was shocked that Xie Lang could still be so fast in this kind of situation. He couldn't catch Xie Lang's figure at all.
"Hmph, so what if your body is hard? After all, you are only in the Viscera Refining Realm. Today, you are destined to die here. I will refine your body and make up for my loss!" As soon as Xie Lang finished speaking, he rushed towards Luo Zheng with a series of afterimages.
"Bang!" a sound was heard.
Another wound appeared on Luo Zheng's body and blood flowed out.
"Clang!"
"Bang!"
Every time Xie Lang charged at Luo Zheng, a terrifying wound would appear on his body.
The situation was very unfavorable for Luo Zheng. Although his body's strength was terrifying now, Xie Lang relied on his speed advantage to continuously attack him. He had no chance of winning. He would be exhausted to death by Xie Lang.
In this kind of situation, he could only take the risk!
Luo Zheng suddenly closed his eyes. His hands hung down. It seemed that he had completely given up on resisting.
Since he couldn't catch Xie Lang, no matter how hard he tried, it would be useless.
"You gave up just like that?" Xie Lang was also a person who had experienced hundreds of battles. Seeing Luo Zheng like this, he didn't let down his guard. Instead, he attacked Luo Zheng with his Roaring Flame Blade at an extremely high speed. Two more wounds appeared on Luo Zheng's body.
"Hehe, let's see how long you can endure!"
Xie Lang laughed shrilly and rushed towards Luo Zheng again. This time, it seemed that he wanted to cut Luo Zheng with his blade again. However, the moment he got close to Luo Zheng, he circled to the back of Luo Zheng's head. His hands lit up with lotus flames.
Xie Lang let out a shrill laugh as he charged towards Luo Zheng's head. He actually wanted to pull Luo Zheng's head out of his body.
"He's coming!"
At the critical moment, Luo Zheng suddenly opened his eyes. He had been waiting for this opportunity. Suddenly, he used his arms to protect his head.
Just when Xie Lang's hands touched Luo Zheng's arms, Luo Zheng twisted his hands and firmly held Xie Lang's skinny arms. Then, he shouted, "Get down!"
"Bang!"
Under the impact of the huge force, Luo Zheng pressed Xie Lang to the ground. The ground of the cave was made of hard stone walls. However, it couldn't withstand this force. The ground was torn apart and a big pit was formed.
Xie Lang was still struggling desperately. He wanted to climb out of the big pit. However, Luo Zheng didn't give Xie Lang a chance at all. Xie Lang's speed was too fast. If he was allowed to climb out, Luo Zheng might not be able to catch him. There was only one chance!
Luo Zheng was like a crazy beast. He punched again and again. Each punch had the strength of a few thousand pounds. He smashed the pit with all his might. After dozens of punches, he finally stopped.
He breathed heavily and looked at Xie Lang lying in the pit among the rocks. He didn't make any more sound.
With the strength of the Viscera Refining Realm, it was still difficult to deal with a Half-step Innate Realm.
This Xie Lang had used up all the True Fire in his body. Furthermore, his sneak attack was successful.
In this kind of situation, Xie Lang was still able to fight back. If his reaction was a little slower, he would have been strangled by Xie Lang. The one lying on the ground would probably be Luo Zheng.
Life's fate was unpredictable.
This notorious Xiantian Realm expert had been smashed to death by him in the end.
Luo Zheng calmed himself down and went to check on the eight living people on the furnace. Because their flesh and blood had been sucked dry, they had long become dead.
He went to check the iron cages again. When he got closer, he found that those people were actually roasted to death by Xie Lang's True Fire. Their deaths were too horrible to look at.
Luo Zheng mourned for those people in his heart. He walked around the big cave twice. Other than some broken copper and iron, he didn't find anything else.
It shouldn't be. Generally, Weapon Refiners were very rich. Especially Xie Lang, who had been famous for a long time, it was impossible for him to be so poor.
After looking around, Luo Zheng seemed to have thought of something. He turned back and dragged Xie Lang's body out of the big pit. Xie Lang's skeleton-like body had already been smashed by Luo Zheng's huge strength. There wasn't a single place on his body that was intact.
Luo Zheng's gaze fell on Xie Lang's right hand. On the middle finger of his right hand, there was a black ring.
His mind moved and he took the ring. He felt a cold consciousness flowing through his finger.
Sure enough, this was a Sumeru Ring.
The Sumeru Ring had a space inside which could store everything in the world.
This kind of Sumeru Ring was extremely precious. Even the smallest Sumeru Ring was worth as much as a High Grade Profound Weapon.
Even in the Luo Family, no one had such a treasure.
Although Luo Zheng hadn't seen it before, he had seen such a magical item in countless scrolls.
At this time, Xie Lang was dead and his soul had dissipated. This Sumeru Ring had become an ownerless item.
With a slight movement of his consciousness, it merged with the cold divine sense transmitted from the ring. Then, Luo Zheng peeked into the things contained in the ring.
The space inside the Sumeru Ring wasn't big. It was estimated to be about a few square meters. It belonged to the lowest level of Sumeru Ring. But there were a lot of things inside.
First of all, there were various precious ores used for refining weapons. For example, refined iron, Red Seal Stone, Blood Amber Steel and other ores. They were neatly piled up in the corner. These ores were quite precious to Weapon Refiners. They could be sold at a high price.
Next to the ores, there was a pile of transparent crystal stones. Luo Zheng knew these crystals. They were called Square Crystal Stones, commonly known as Square Crystals.
These Square Crystals were the real currency in the Empire. Gold and silver were only the currency used by ordinary people in this world. But for real cultivators, gold was as worthless as dung. But Square Crystals were different!
These very regular Square Crystals stored pure Genuine Qi. It was a must for masters who had stepped into the Xiantian Realm.
Because Square Crystals were easy to cut and carry, they gradually became the currency in the hands of the cultivators in this world.
Luo Zheng did a rough count and found that there were no less than a few hundred square crystals stacked neatly on top of each other. This was a huge sum of money.
In addition, there were some treasures placed on the other side. There was a long sword that was flickering with an enchanting light, a blood-red sledgehammer, and so on. It seemed that the grades of these treasures were not low. They were probably at the level of low-grade and middle-grade Profound Tools.
On the other side of the Sumeru Space, there were all kinds of Refining Books, some unknown pills, and a pile of miscellaneous items.
But Luo Zheng's eyes were attracted by a throwing knife in the pile of miscellaneous items.
The throwing knife was very old. The surface of the throwing knife was bumpy. More than half of the handle was broken. The blade of the throwing knife was completely curled up. Some parts of the blade were charred black. It looked very broken.
But such a broken throwing knife was exuding a very special temperament. It was this special temperament that had a strong attraction to Luo Zheng. This broken throwing knife was definitely not an ordinary item!
Luo Zheng's thoughts moved. He took out the broken throwing knife from the Sumeru Ring and played with it for a while. The aura emitted by the throwing knife was clearer and sharper, as if it could cut through everything in the world.
This kind of treasure, even if it was destroyed to such an extent, could still leave such a sharp aura. The grade of the treasure was probably unimaginably high. Xie Lang also knew that this throwing knife wasn't an ordinary thing. He estimated that he couldn't repair it with his strength, so he put it in the Sumeru Ring.
If Xie Lang couldn't repair it, he was afraid that he couldn't do anything for the time being. After playing with it for a while, he put the throwing knife back into the Sumeru Ring and walked out of the cave.
Following the winding passage, he walked all the way to the outermost part of the cave. Luo Zheng stepped on the big tree and began to climb up the cliff. There were barbs protruding from the side of the cliff. It wasn't difficult to climb up. After several times of borrowing strength, Luo Zheng quickly climbed to the top of the cliff.
Standing at the top of the cliff, Luo Zheng took a deep breath of fresh air. Bathing in the warm sunlight, his face finally showed a bright smile.
This time, he was able to leave the Luo Family safely and escape from Xie Lang's hands. It could only be said that he was very lucky. Now he had a great harvest. He had obtained all of Xie Lang's possessions.
More importantly, he had obtained freedom.
After being bound in the Luo Family's cellar for two years, he finally broke free from the Luo Family. From now on, he could fly freely!
He determined a direction and then crazily ran in that direction.
Even though his mood wasn't bad, Luo Zheng didn't get carried away. He knew that he still had more important things to do.
His destination was precisely the Imperial Capital.
It was where the legendary Heaven Burning Empire's core was located. At the same time, the Blue Cloud Sect was also located there. Meanwhile, his younger sister Luo Yan was currently trapped in the Blue Cloud Sect's Purgatory Mountain.
＝＝＝＝＝

Chapter 14
After passing through towering mountains and steep ridges, plains and highlands, and bypassing countless counties, Luo Zheng finally arrived at the Imperial Capital after half a month.
Luo Zheng thought that Chongyang County was not a small city among all the counties, but when Luo Zheng stood at the entrance of the Imperial Capital and looked up at the tall golden city gate, his mouth was still wide open.
Even though Luo Zheng was mentally prepared for the grandeur and extravagance of the Imperial Capital after reading all kinds of books, he was still deeply shocked like a country bumpkin who had just entered the city for the first time.
In fact, Luo Zheng had seen many of the Imperial Capital's sceneries from books. The records in the books were incomparably detailed, and there were even pictures of the sceneries.
For example, the golden city gate in front of him was called the Wang Tian Gate. It was three hundred and sixty feet tall and nine feet wide.
Thirty years ago, the Demon Race's Princess Qi married the Burning Sky Dynasty's Crown Prince. This Wang Tian Gate was Princess Qi's dowry.
Seeing was believing. When Luo Zheng saw the golden city gate made of pure gold and various gems, he understood the meaning of Princess Qi's dowry: In the eyes of the Demon Race, the humans of the Eastern Region were all poor.
After passing through the Wang Tian Gate, Luo Zheng walked on the main road of the Imperial Capital. Along the way, he admired the various sceneries on both sides. The towering Blazing Sky Pavilion, the towering Earth Dragon Altar, and various flying chariots shuttling back and forth …
These sceneries hurriedly flitted past Luo Zheng's eyes. What he was most concerned about was the Blue Cloud Sect.
After asking around, Luo Zheng finally found the location of the Blue Cloud Sect after a day of traveling through more than half of the Imperial Capital.
The huge Blue Cloud Sect occupied almost a quarter of the Imperial Capital's surface area. It was several times larger than the Imperial Capital, and this did not include the Green Cloud Mountain Range that stretched endlessly behind the Blue Cloud Sect.
Compared to the boundlessly noble Wang Tian Sect, the Blue Cloud Sect's Sect seemed to be much more stingy. Except for the three big words "Blue Cloud Sect", there was basically no other redeeming feature. Surrounded by lush green trees, there were also green vines entrenched, making it seem ancient.
Next to the sect, there were two lines of people lining up to register.
The line on the left only had a dozen people, while the line on the right formed a long line. It was so long that one could not see the end of it. It was estimated that there were at least a thousand people.
Luo Zheng walked to the line on the left of the Blue Cloud Sect's line. Because there were fewer people in a short time, Luo Zheng's turn.
The receptionist in charge of registration took a glance at Luo Zheng, then extended his hand towards him and said, "Please take out your landowning household document."
"Landowning household document?" Luo Zheng was stunned.
The receptionist pointed to the table and said, "We only receive landlords here. If you don't have a Blue Cloud Sect's document, please line up over there!" The receptionist pointed to the long line at the side.
Luo Zheng finally understood why there were not many people lining up here. It turned out that this was a place that specifically served landlords.
Landlords were a special class that was conferred by the Emperor.
In the entire Empire, only a very small number of wealthy families were qualified to be called landlords, and these wealthy families were basically concentrated in the Imperial Capital.
The Luo Family of Chongyang County was obviously not a landlords, so Luo Zheng naturally could not take out a "Blue Cloud Sect's document".
Seeing this scene, the people in the long line at the side all let out a burst of low laughter, and their faces showed contempt. Lining up was indeed a boring thing, and Luo Zheng's action was a rare source of laughter.
"Where did this country bumpkin come from …"
"He doesn't even know about a Blue Cloud Sect's document. These days, everyone is trying to squeeze into the Blue Cloud Sect …"
Luo Zheng did not respond to these disturbing voices. He only nodded to the receptionist and walked to the end of the long line under the contemptuous gazes of the crowd.
Two years of life as a servant and several narrow escapes from death had already made Luo Zheng's state of mind very calm. Insignificant provocations and taunts were not enough to make him angry. On the contrary, they calmed him down.
The line moved forward very slowly. Luo Zheng simply closed his eyes and rested.
"Is this your first time participating in the sea examination?" Not long after, a voice came from in front of Luo Zheng.
Luo Zheng nodded and opened his eyes. The one who spoke was an eighteen or nineteen year old youth. His tone was kind, and his face was kind.
When the youth saw that Luo Zheng had opened his eyes, he smiled at Luo Zheng and said, "This is my second time."
"What do you mean by 'sea examination'?" Luo Zheng asked his own confusion. Luo Zheng knew that the Blue Cloud Sect's requirements for recruiting disciples were very strict. They had to pass through layers upon layers of tests before they were qualified to enter the Blue Cloud Sect. However, he was not from the Imperial Capital and was not very clear about the process of recruiting disciples.
The youth smiled faintly and said, "The Blue Cloud Sect is the world's holy land for cultivation. There are countless people who want to join. If everyone were to undergo a test, I'm afraid that even if the entire sect was invited, it would be too busy. Therefore, the Blue Cloud Sect's rule is that apart from the children of landowning households, everyone else must pass the sea examination before they can participate in the Blue Cloud Sect's test."
"This dear friend, may I ask what the contents of the sea examination are?" It was said that the Blue Cloud Sect was very difficult to enter. Now that he heard it, it was indeed so. There were actually so many rules, but he did not know what price Luo Peiran paid to directly recruit him as an inner disciple.
The youth smiled and said, "The so-called sea examination is actually for us to gather together and run. The Blue Cloud Sect's rule is that the lowest realm to participate in the sea examination is the Bone Refining Realm. However, the Viscera Refining Realm and Marrow Refining Realm can also participate. However, the requirements for each realm are different. For example, the Bone Refining Realm only needs to run a certain distance, while the Viscera Refining Realm needs to run even further …"
Only running? Luo Zheng blinked. This sea examination did not sound difficult. After all, anyone could run. After Luo Zheng entered the Viscera Refining Realm, his breathing was long and his body's breathing was coordinated. Even if the distance was far, he would be able to persist.
After knowing the requirements of the sea examination, Luo Zheng's heart calmed down. He chatted with the youth for a while and found out that this youth was called Mo Can. He was a disciple of a small family in the imperial capital.
The Blue Cloud Sect's sea examination was held once a month. Mo Can had already failed once last month, so this was his second time participating this year.
As they chatted, time passed very quickly. Unknowingly, it was their turn.
After Luo Zheng registered his name, he received a jade pendant from the reception area. Luo Zheng's identity information was recorded in this jade pendant.
Carefully putting away the jade pendant, Mo Can said, "Brother Luo Zheng, it's best if you rest more tonight. The word 'running' sounds simple, but the path in the Blue Cloud Sect is a bit special. As for the specifics … you'll know the day after tomorrow." Mo Can thought and said, "I see that Brother Luo Zheng is a foreigner. If you don't have a place to stay, you can stay at my house."
This Mo Can was a warm-hearted person.
However, Luo Zheng declined Mo Can's invitation. Two years of experiencing the ups and downs of the world had made him see many things clearly. One should not accept a reward without any effort. There were many things that he would not easily suspect, but also would not easily trust.
At this time, many people walked out of the Blue Cloud Sect. Most of them were wearing white robes, but there were a few scattered people wearing black robes.
Seeing that Luo Zheng was carefully sizing them up, Mo Can told Luo Zheng, "Those white robes are all outer sect disciples of the Blue Cloud Sect. After we pass the sea examination and pass the Blue Cloud Sect's assessment, we will be qualified to wear the white robes."
"What about the black robes?" Luo Zheng asked.
"Black robes? A black robe is an inner sect disciple! Whether it's status or the pills they can receive every month, they are much more than white robes! The goal my father gave me was to wear the black robes and become an inner sect disciple. "Mo Can's face revealed an expression of infinite yearning.
Luo Zheng nodded, but then he thought of Luo Peiran. That day, Luo Junyi announced that Luo Peiran had been accepted as an inner sect disciple. What was the reason for this? Could it be that the Heaven and Earth Fortune Pill really had such a miraculous effect that it could actually allow Luo Peiran's skills to advance so quickly?
Just as he was thinking about this, six or seven black robed disciples walked over. One of them glanced at Luo Zheng and his face revealed a strange expression. "Luo Zheng! I didn't expect you to still be alive. You actually dared to sign up and have delusions of entering the Blue Cloud Sect? "

Chapter 15
Luo Zheng also thought that he would meet Luo Peiran sooner or later if he entered the Blue Cloud Sect. However, he didn't expect to meet him here before he even participated in the assessment.
From Luo Peiran's tone, it seemed that he already knew about the day he caused a ruckus in the clan and crippled Luo Chengyun.
"The Blue Cloud Sect only accepts people from all over the world. If you can enter the Blue Cloud Sect, so can I!" Luo Zheng said indifferently.
Luo Peiran laughed and said, "Everyone has the right to kill this unfilial son of yours. You still want to enter the Blue Cloud Sect? What wishful thinking. Today, I will cripple you!"
After saying that, the purple light on Luo Peiran's body intensified. He smiled coldly and walked towards Luo Zheng step by step.
Luo Zheng snorted coldly. All the muscles on his body tightened as he entered a state of alert. Luo Peiran's strength seemed to have improved, but wasn't Luo Zheng the same as well? Even Xie Lang, a Half-step Innate Ranker, was defeated by him. What could Luo Peiran do to him?
At this moment, a black-robed disciple reached out and pulled Luo Peiran. At the same time, he said, "Brother Peiran, this is the Blue Cloud Sect. Pay attention to the rules and be careful of the punishment."
After the black-robed disciple finished speaking, Luo Peiran frowned. When he heard the words "Sect rules", he obviously had some misgivings and hesitated for a moment.
At this moment, in the middle of the group of black-robed disciples, a noble-looking young man walked out. His every move revealed a noble temperament. He should be the core of this group of black-robed disciples. At this moment, he said, "Peiran, does this person have a grudge with you?"
Luo Peiran was very respectful to that black-robed disciple. He nodded and said, "Yes, he is an unfilial son of my family. As the young master of the Luo Family, I have to clean up the family."
"Then kill him. Although the Blue Cloud Sect's rules are strict, this kid only signed up. He didn't even participate in the Sea Test, so he didn't harm the Sect's disciples. I, Wang Hengzhi, can still resist." Wang Hengzhi's expression was indifferent. With one sentence, he decided Luo Zheng's life.
Luo Peiran originally wanted to make a move, but after hearing Wang Hengzhi's words, he dispelled the idea. Wang Hengzhi was Luo Peiran's benefactor, and a benefactor's favor was very precious. Luo Peiran felt that there was no need to waste his favor on Luo Zheng, so Luo Peiran said, "There's no hurry. I want to see if this brat can enter the Blue Cloud Sect. If he can't, then I'll kill him like killing an ant. If he can enter, then there will be plenty of opportunities.
There's no need to rush. "Luo Peiran turned his head and said to Luo Zheng," I'll let you live for a few more days. Your life, I definitely want it. "
At this time, it was Luo Zheng's turn to laugh. He laughed extremely hard and pointed at Luo Peiran, "Hahahaha, Luo Peiran, aren't you afraid of making people laugh to death by saying such big words? I don't know if the Luo Family's people told you the truth! Even Luo Junyi was defeated by me. You! What qualifications do you have to want my life? "
After he finished speaking, Luo Zheng's entire body's aura instantly exploded. His body had been tempered and burned for twenty hours by the True Fire. The strength of his body had reached the level of a mid level Xuan Weapon.
Although he was only in the Viscera Refining Stage, his aura was extremely domineering. It was as if his aura was tangible and rushed over. At this moment, Luo Peiran even had difficulty breathing.
Facing Luo Zheng's shocking aura, Luo Peiran's complexion was somewhat unsightly. Two days ago, the Luo Family had sent a messenger pigeon and briefly explained what had happened in the family. The letter only mentioned that Luo Zheng had crippled Luo Chengyun, but it didn't say that Luo Zheng had defeated Luo Junyi.
Not long ago, Luo Zheng was only in the Flesh Refining Stage, but now his aura was unexpectedly so powerful.
Originally, Luo Peiran was quite confident in himself. He had eaten the Heaven and Earth Fortune Elixir, and his cultivation speed was as if it was assisted by the gods. Moreover, by a freak combination of factors, he had met Wang Hengzhi, a benefactor, who had allowed him to reach the heavens in one step and become an Inner Sect disciple. His status had undergone an earth-shattering change.
A guy like Luo Zheng had already been left far behind him. He didn't even have the interest to look at him directly.
The letter from home had reported that Luo Zheng was already dead. Since he was dead, then he was dead. Luo Peiran had only treated it as a trivial matter.
However, how could Luo Peiran have imagined that Luo Zheng, who was supposed to be dead, would actually appear in front of him in a dignified manner? Moreover, from the aura emanating from his body, his strength had actually advanced by leaps and bounds. It seemed that he was no longer below him.
Facing Luo Zheng's arrogant aura, the faces of several Inner Sect disciples on Luo Peiran's side sank.
Not to mention that Luo Zheng wasn't even a disciple of the Blue Cloud Sect right now. Even if he had successfully passed the assessment and entered the Blue Cloud Sect, he would only be an Outer Sect disciple. What qualifications did he have to be arrogant in front of a group of Inner Sect disciples?
For a brat like this who didn't know the immensity of heaven and earth, they could only use their fists to fiercely teach him a lesson and make him realize what reality was.
Their target was Wang Hengzhi, who was now the core of this group of people.
Wang Hengzhi smiled. He still had that understatement look on his face as he said to Luo Peiran, "Peiran, your family's dog is a bit fierce. Why aren't you making a move? What are you waiting for?"
As soon as Wang Hengzhi finished speaking, Luo Peiran prepared to make a move.
However, at this moment, a stream of light flashed through the Blue Cloud Sect's gate. It was a Flying Chariot that flew over.
Two armored soldiers stood on the Flying Chariot, constantly patrolling in the air.
"It's an inspector," a black-robed disciple said.
Luo Peiran's expression turned ugly when he saw the Flying Chariot in the air. The Blue Cloud Sect's rules were strict. Under normal circumstances, disciples were prohibited from fighting each other.
However, there were so many disciples in the sect, and all of them practiced martial arts. This kind of thing couldn't be completely avoided. Therefore, as long as they weren't caught on the spot by the inspectors, they would usually turn a blind eye to it.
The inspectors in front of them were right above their heads, so Luo Peiran's group couldn't make a move.
Seeing this, Wang Hengzhi sneered at Luo Zheng. He patted Luo Peiran's shoulder and walked away with his hands behind his back.
Luo Peiran said to Luo Zheng, "You're lucky today. However, since you've come to the imperial capital, regardless of whether you enter the Blue Cloud Sect or not, there's no reason to let you leave alive. I'll let your cheap life live for a few more days. I'm not in a hurry. There's still plenty of time in the future! If you're afraid, it's best to find a corner and commit suicide. Death is your only choice! "After saying this, Luo Peiran and the black-robed disciples followed behind Wang Hengzhi and left.
After the group of black-robed disciples had completely left, Mo Can, who was standing far away, slowly came over. He said with a face full of admiration, "Luo Zheng, you're too fierce. Even the outer disciples don't dare to touch the inner disciples. You've just registered and you dare to clash with them."
In addition to Mo Can, there were many people who came to register who cast strange looks at Luo Zheng. Some people thought that Luo Zheng was reckless, while others thought that Luo Zheng was courageous. However, most people thought that Luo Zheng had offended the inner disciples before even entering the Blue Cloud Sect. He was undoubtedly seeking his own death.
Luo Zheng smiled bitterly. Who liked to offend people for no reason? Especially in this kind of large sect, there were hidden dragons and crouching tigers. Experts were as common as clouds. He was just a young master from a small family who had lost power. The best way was to endure and cultivate.
Luo Zheng could endure other things, but not Luo Peiran. Thinking about his father's death, Luo Zheng couldn't sleep at night. If he could bury this hatred and erase it, then he was a son in vain!
Mo Can was also a child of a family. When he saw Luo Zheng's appearance and thought about the conversation between Luo Zheng and that person, he had already guessed that this matter was most likely an internal dispute within the family. It wasn't good for him to say too much, but Mo Can still reminded him, "Just now, among those black-robed disciples, you have to pay special attention to the one at the back."
"Who is that person?" Luo Zheng also noticed that person called Wang Hengzhi. Luo Peiran was respectful to that person, but that person didn't take others seriously at all.
"If I'm not wrong, that person should be a descendant of a landowning household from the Wang family," Mo Can said.
Descendant of a landowning household?
No wonder Luo Peiran could wear a black robe and become an inner disciple of the Blue Cloud Sect. He must have hooked up with a descendant of a landowning household.
It must be known that landowning households were the true privileged class in the Empire. Some of their privileges were even directly written into the laws of the Imperial Capital.
But even so, it was impossible for Luo Zheng to obediently lower his head. Luo Zheng's life was worthless now. If this trouble really came to him, he could only fight with his life on the line.
After leaving the Blue Cloud Sect, Luo Zheng temporarily found an inn to stay in.
The Imperial Capital was indeed different from Chongyang County. Almost everything was two to three times more expensive than Chongyang County. However, Luo Zheng had stolen Xie Lang's Sumeru Ring and had a great harvest. Just the value of those square crystals was enormous. Just one square crystal was more than enough to buy ten inns like this.
At night, Luo Zheng blew out the fire on the candlestick. He climbed onto the bed and sat cross-legged, but he didn't fall asleep right away.
With a thought, he took out the blood-colored sledgehammer from the Sumeru Ring and placed it in front of him.
Previously, the black fire in the furnace in his mind flew out inexplicably and swallowed the Karmic Fire Sword. Then, it lit up a dragon scale, which significantly increased his strength. If he could light up a second dragon scale, his strength would increase by a lot.
Originally, this matter wasn't necessarily so urgent. However, after meeting Luo Peiran today, Luo Zheng felt a sense of crisis in his heart.
There was no other way to deal with this crisis. He didn't have anyone to rely on in the Imperial Capital. Thus, increasing his strength was the only way.
After all the preparations were done, Luo Zheng closed his eyes and entered a state of meditation. He tried to construct the Heaven and Earth Furnace in his mind.
Last time, the black fire appeared from his mind on its own initiative and smelted the Karmic Fire Sword into molten iron essence.
Luo Zheng wasn't very confident that the black fire would appear again this time.
The giant furnace floated quietly in his mind without any movement. Luo Zheng's consciousness slowly approached, trying to awaken the furnace.

Chapter 16
At first, Luo Zheng only had some mysterious words about the refining method. He didn't have any memories about it, so he could only rely on himself to figure it out.
In the end, Luo Zheng's consciousness stopped in front of the huge furnace. Of the nine dragon sculptures, only Qinglong was awake. Qinglong's indifferent eyes were looking down at him, revealing the supreme majesty of the Dragon Clan.
Thinking of how his soul had almost collapsed under Qinglong's gaze, Luo Zheng still had a lingering fear.
Since his soul had been tempered in the huge furnace, the strength of his soul had been greatly improved.
Now, under Qinglong's gaze, he could still feel great pressure. His soul consciousness was suppressed by a huge pressure. This feeling was like his body being pressed down by a huge mountain. It was so heavy that he couldn't breathe.
His soul was strong enough to resist Qinglong's gaze, but how could he communicate with it?
Facing this terrifying Qinglong, Luo Zheng felt as small as a speck of dust. He tried to get closer to Qinglong's sculpture, but he found that the closer he got, the heavier his soul felt. It was as if there were ten thousand thoughts in his mind telling him: Run!
Fight! Luo Zheng gathered his courage and controlled his soul to rush forward. The closer he got to Qinglong's sculpture, the greater the spatial pressure in front of him. His speed became slower and slower, as if he was walking in sticky mud.
The strong pressure emitted by Qinglong made Luo Zheng's teeth chatter uncontrollably. Even if he clenched his teeth hard, he couldn't resist the urge to retreat.
However, Luo Zheng's eyes flashed with determination. It was this courage that made him press forward. In the end, he blocked the pressure of Qinglong's gaze and successfully got closer. He reached out his hand and touched one of Qinglong's tentacles.
After a while, Qinglong let out a soft dragon roar. The huge furnace started to rotate slowly. A wisp of black fire separated from the calm black flames in the furnace and floated outside.
"Success!"
Sure enough, this giant furnace had its own consciousness and could communicate with Luo Zheng.
Although Luo Zheng wasn't sure if this consciousness belonged to the furnace itself or Qinglong's consciousness, he did manage to communicate with it and summoned a wisp of black fire.
In the room of the inn, Luo Zheng suddenly opened his eyes. Almost at the same time, a small wisp of black fire came out of his glabella and circled around in the air.
This wisp of black fire didn't seem to be very powerful. Luo Zheng couldn't even feel the heat it was emitting.
However, he did not dare to underestimate this wisp of black flame.
The Karmic Fire Sword was a High Grade Profound Artifact. After being burned by Xie Lang's Second Grade True Fire for so long, it was only burned red and not burned. And this wisp of black fire actually melted the Karmic Fire Sword into molten iron essence in the blink of an eye.
Such power was completely beyond the scope of Luo Zheng's knowledge. He simply couldn't evaluate the power of the Black Fire.
It was a pity that he couldn't control the Black Fire. If he could use the Black Fire against his enemies, he would be invincible.
The Black Fire quickly found the blood-red sledgehammer in front of Luo Zheng. After locking on to its direction, it rolled towards the blood-red sledgehammer.
This blood-red sledgehammer was a Mid Grade Profound Artifact. Compared to the Karmic Fire Sword, this blood-red sledgehammer was one grade lower. However, this sledgehammer was much larger than the sword. It was unknown how much molten iron essence it could refine. Would it be able to light up a single dragon scale?
Under the smelting of the Black Fire, the blood-red sledgehammer was like a candle that met an open flame. Almost instantly, it was melted by the Black Fire and turned into a drop of molten iron essence.
"One, one drop? Only one drop! "
Such a large Mid Grade Profound Artifact was actually refined into a drop of molten iron essence? Luo Zheng's mouth was wide open. He even stuttered when he spoke.
Although the grade of this blood-red sledgehammer was inferior to the Karmic Fire Sword, its size was much larger than the Karmic Fire Sword. It was impossible to only refine a drop of molten iron essence …
Thinking of this, Luo Zheng made up his mind. He took out several other Profound Artifacts from the Sumeru Ring. These Profound Artifacts were either Mid Grade or Low Grade. He might as well smelt them all together.
That wisp of Black Fire was not careless. It swept away those Profound Artifacts quickly and cleanly.
The result was also not optimistic. The Mid Grade Profound Artifacts could still refine a drop of molten iron essence, but the Low Grade Profound Artifacts could only refine a drop of molten iron essence. It was not much bigger than a speck of dust. Luo Zheng could only see it when he opened his eyes wide.
After smelting the Profound Artifacts in the Sumeru Ring, he gathered all the molten iron essence together. It was not easy to gather five drops of molten iron essence.
Finally, the Black Fire rolled up the five drops of molten iron essence and escaped into his mind.
Luo Zheng closely watched every movement in his mind. When the Black Fire sent the five drops of molten iron essence into Qinglong's mouth, the sculpture of Qinglong trembled for a while. The second dragon scale began to flicker with a blue light, as if it was about to be lit up.
"It's done?" Luo Zheng's heart was filled with excitement. The power of the dragon scales could increase his strength by leaps and bounds.
However, the blue light on the dragon scale flickered twice, and then the light slowly dimmed …
Seeing this, Luo Zheng's face changed. Could it be that six drops of molten iron essence were needed to activate the dragon scale?
But the moment the blue light on the dragon scale dimmed, there was a sudden twist. The whole dragon scale suddenly lit up, emitting a green luster. It was very beautiful.
Luo Zheng's heart finally relaxed. It seemed that only five drops of molten iron essence were needed to activate a dragon scale.
At the same time, he suddenly felt a surge of power surging into every part of his body. He subconsciously clenched his fists and felt that his entire body was filled with strength. The feeling of being filled with power almost made him want to scream.
After a while, Luo Zheng's surging heart calmed down. Lighting up two dragon scales was not bad, but at this stage, Luo Zheng's strength increased as fast as possible. If he continued to light up a few more dragon scales, he was afraid that he would be able to send a guy like Luo Peiran flying with just one punch!
But the Profound Artifacts in his hands had all been refined. Where could he find more?
Although he had hundreds of square crystals in his hands, the price of a Profound Artifact was definitely not cheap. At best, he could buy one or two low-grade Profound Artifacts. What was the use?
At this time, he set his mind on the broken flying dagger.
Even though the flying dagger was so broken, the aura it emitted was still so astonishing. Its grade was definitely not low.
He thought about it again and still restrained the impulse to refine the flying dagger. If this flying dagger was really not ordinary, it would not be worth it to casually refine it.
Everything was better to wait and see. Right now, his first consideration was to enter the Blue Cloud Sect.
After tidying up his mood, Luo Zheng closed his eyes and began to rest. Tomorrow was the Sea Test. Although the Sea Test's content was just running, from what Mo Can said, it shouldn't be that simple.
Early the next morning, Luo Zheng washed up and set off for the Blue Cloud Sect.
Yesterday, when he registered, he didn't see many people. Today, he saw that the Blue Cloud Sect's not spacious entrance was already crowded with people.
Some were riding horses, some were walking, and some were sitting on Flying Chariots.
With so many people, the Blue Cloud Sect's not spacious entrance was so crowded that not even a drop of water could trickle through.
Luo Zheng casually estimated that there were actually no less than ten thousand people.
It was no wonder that the Blue Cloud Sect held a Sea Test every month. Unexpectedly, there were over ten thousand people participating in the monthly Sea Test. If the number of people who registered for an entire year was counted, then there would be over a hundred thousand people. Even if the Blue Cloud Sect had a deep foundation, it would still be very troublesome to deal with.
No matter where it was, when there were so many people, it would become extremely noisy.
Luo Zheng stood at the back of the crowd. His face was expressionless as he quietly waited.
After a while, a Flying Chariot sped through the Blue Cloud Sect's entrance. A white-bearded old man stood on the Flying Chariot.
After the white-bearded old man appeared, he took a deep breath and then said in a steady voice, "All applicants, please enter the Sect in an orderly manner to participate in the Sea Test of the Sect. Please do not make a ruckus. If there are any violators, their qualifications will be revoked and they will be expelled. They will never be able to register for the Blue Cloud Sect for the rest of their lives."
The white-bearded old man's voice wasn't loud, but it was very strange. It was as if it was ringing in everyone's ears. Over ten thousand people present heard it clearly.
After the white-bearded old man finished speaking, the scene immediately became quiet. No one dared to make a sound. Over ten thousand people were as silent as gold. Even a pin drop could be heard clearly.
Revocation of qualifications and expulsion were small matters. At worst, they could come back next month. However, if they couldn't register for the Blue Cloud Sect in the future, it would be a big problem.
The Blue Cloud Sect was the largest Sect in the Empire. It was also a holy land for cultivation. Although there were a few small Sects in the Burning Heaven Empire, they couldn't be compared to the Blue Cloud Sect in terms of scale and talent. If they were banned by the Blue Cloud Sect, it would be the end of their future.
All the candidates participating in the Sea Test understood the weight of this sentence. No one dared to say anything else.
Over ten thousand people entered the Blue Cloud Sect in a single file. They walked along the path of the Sect. After everyone had walked for a while, they turned a corner and arrived at a huge plaza.
Around the plaza, there were a few Flying Chariots floating. Those were the people who maintained the order of the Sea Test.
After the Sea Test candidates stood in the plaza, the white-bearded old man appeared in front of the plaza again. He said, "I believe that many of the people who registered for the Sea Test this month already know the rules of the Sea Test. However, this old man still needs to be long-winded. Run from this plaza to the front. No matter if you are in the Bone Refining Stage, Organ Refining Stage, or Marrow Refining Stage, run until the jade pendant on your chest changes color. Only then will you have the qualifications to participate in the Blue Cloud Sect's entrance examination."
The rules were really simple. There was no rule on the running speed, nor was there any rule on the ranking. As long as he ran a certain distance and changed the color of the jade pendant, it would be enough. After memorizing the rules, Luo Zheng looked toward the path at the front of the square.
＝＝＝＝＝

Chapter 17
It was a very ordinary path. The path was paved with ordinary bluestone slabs and neatly planted grass on both sides of the path. However, the end of the path could not be seen. It stretched all the way to the foot of the mountain in the distance.
Everyone participating in the Sea Test was full of confidence. Running was too easy for practitioners. Most of them felt that they would pass without a doubt.
Following the white-bearded old man's command, the Sea Test officially began.
The people standing at the front of the square were the first to run out. However, at this moment, a strange scene occurred. Many of the people who rushed out at the front felt their legs go soft. They directly sat on the ground, making a fool of themselves.
Only a few people with extremely fast reflexes forcibly pulled themselves up when their legs went soft and continued to run forward.
Seeing that the first batch of people who rushed out were at a disadvantage, the people behind naturally felt the strangeness of the path. They circulated all the strength in their bodies and did not make a fool of themselves. However, after most people stepped onto the path, their speed clearly slowed down a lot. It was as if they were carrying a thousand jin of gravity. It was very difficult to run.
After the first few groups of people had stepped onto the path, it was finally Luo Zheng's turn.
He slowly walked to the edge of the square and took a step out. The moment he took a step, he suddenly felt an invisible pressure. When he wanted to lift his foot again, he felt as if his legs were tied to a thousand jin of lead. It was incomparably heavy.
This feeling was very strange.
When Luo Zheng's entire body entered the path, he felt the pressure almost everywhere. Even his eardrums were under this pressure, rumbling.
So that's how it is. This path looked ordinary, but it was actually filled with a powerful pressure.
If he was running on flat ground, with Luo Zheng's Viscera Refining stage strength, his breathing was long and unceasing. As long as he had food to replenish his strength, he could run for ten days and ten nights.
However, running under this thousand jin of pressure was impossible. Under this kind of pressure, his strength would deplete too quickly. He did not know how long he could last. However, he had already lit up two dragon scales. In addition to his special physique, he might be able to achieve a good result.
After calming his breathing, Luo Zheng let out a light shout and released all the strength in his body. It filled every muscle in his body and completely offset the pressure. Then he took a step forward and ran forward.
In addition to Luo Zheng, there were also many people with strong Qi. They got used to this strong pressure in an instant and moved forward with brisk steps as if they were lifting weights. It seemed that this pressure didn't cause any hindrance to them.
Of course, most people would not be able to do so.
Some of the Bone Refining Stage cultivators had already exhausted their strength after rushing forward for over a hundred meters. Their entire body was prostrated on the ground. Even if they wanted to raise their heads, it was an extremely difficult matter.
There were also some slightly stronger Bone Refining Stage martial artists who were barely holding on. Their bodies were on the verge of collapse, as if they would fall to the ground at any moment.
After Luo Zheng ran for seven or eight miles, the crowd began to slowly disperse, forming a long line on the road.
He concentrated on his steps and regulated his breathing. Only by doing so could his body reach the most balanced state and he could run further.
"Brother Luo Zheng!"
A voice rang out behind him. Luo Zheng turned his head and saw a youth wearing a silk robe greeting him. It was the youth Mo Can whom he had met yesterday. Yesterday, he was tightly wrapped in clothes. Today, he had changed into light clothes.
"Brother Mo Can, how are you?" Luo Zheng responded with a smile.
Mo Can panted as he ran: "Brother Luo Zheng's strength is indeed outstanding. Even under such great pressure, it's as if you're taking a leisurely stroll."
"You're not bad either. If I'm not wrong, you're only in the Bone Refining Stage, right? There aren't many people in the Bone Refining Stage who can maintain your speed, "Luo Zheng said.
The road in front of them was extremely stressful for those in the Bone Refining Stage. However, for those in the Organ Refining and Marrow Refining Stages, it was still relatively easy.
This Mo Can was actually able to maintain such a speed. He indeed had some skills.
Mo Can's face revealed a depressed expression. He waved his hand and a bracelet appeared on his hand: "Last time I participated in the Sea Test, I was only able to run 200 meters before collapsing. This time, I relied on this Sky Network Ring to offset most of the pressure. That's why I was able to run here."
"Sky Network Ring?" Luo Zheng glanced at the bracelet. It was a pure gold bracelet. It looked ordinary and mediocre, but it could actually help him withstand this pressure.
"This is a high-grade Xuan Artifact, right?" Luo Zheng blinked his eyes and asked.
Mo Can laughed mischievously and said: "Yes, for this high-grade Xuan Artifact, I spent two square crystals. It almost cost me everything."
"Two square crystals? How could it be so cheap? " Luo Zheng asked in bewilderment. If that was the case, then there were hundreds of square crystals in his Sumeru Ring. Wouldn't he be able to buy dozens of high-grade Xuan Artifacts?
Hearing Luo Zheng's words, Mo Can added: "You misunderstood. I rented this Sky Network Ring. The two square crystals were the rent. I relied on this Sky Network Ring to pass the Sea Test. I still have to return it."
Luo Zheng was suddenly speechless. He didn't expect that the disciples of the imperial capital's clans would come up with such a method to pass the Sea Test. There were even people who rented Xuan Artifacts. Luo Zheng asked again: "Using the power of a Dharma Artifact to help you pass the Sea Test, isn't this considered cheating?"
The Blue Cloud Sect held the Sea Test to filter out the weak people. However, using a Dharma Artifact made the Sea Test very unfair.
Mo Can laughed: "Brother Luo Zheng, you don't know the rules of the Blue Cloud Sect. In fact, the Blue Cloud Sect is such a big sect and has so many disciples. How many geniuses are there? The people who participate in the Sea Test are usually not in their eyes. They always turn a blind eye to these trivial matters. After all, we can't even be considered as Outer Sect disciples. Don't talk about using one or two Xuan Artifacts. Even if we fight here, as long as we don't kill anyone, generally no one will care. "
Hearing Mo Can's words, Luo Zheng understood. The Blue Cloud Sect's extremely strict rules were presumably only targeted at the sect's disciples. Now, the Sea Test was only a screening. Who cares if the fish and shrimps were mixed together, mud and sand were all mixed together. First, a rough screening would be carried out.
After Mo Can finished speaking, he began to pant heavily. Relying on the Sky Network Ring to offset most of the pressure, but he was still somewhat strained.
"You'd better stop talking and concentrate on maintaining the pace of your running," Luo Zheng reminded him.
Mo Can nodded. Gritting his teeth, he put in more effort to move forward. That kind face of his also revealed a ruthless expression. He was starting to give it his all.
Up until now, Luo Zheng had been running very easily. After getting used to the pressure, he could even completely ignore it.
The people on the road became more and more scattered. Luo Zheng looked around and realized that there was only him and Mo Can on this stretch of road.
But Luo Zheng noticed that in the distance, there was a burly man who was actually advancing rapidly. That man's body was as strong as an ox. His strides were also large, and his running speed was extremely fast.
Not long after, the burly man rapidly closed in on Mo Can. But in the instant that he overtook Mo Can, that burly man used his shoulder to fiercely ram into Mo Can.
Mo Can was already on the verge of collapsing. He was concentrating on maintaining his pace. Relying on a bit of strength, he buried his head and ran like crazy.
This time, the collision came too suddenly. What's more, Mo Can simply didn't notice that there was someone beside him. He immediately screamed and fell to the side of the road.
"What are you doing?" Luo Zheng berated. Mo Can and that burly man shouldn't have any enmity between them. This burly man had actually knocked Mo Can down. This was clearly going too far. Before Luo Zheng's voice fell, that burly man's speed actually increased by 30%. He fiercely rammed into Luo Zheng.
Seeing the burly man's ferocious momentum, Luo Zheng's expression changed. He calmly circulated all the strength in his body.
A cold smile appeared on the burly man's face. According to the intelligence, this kid called Luo Zheng should only be in the Viscera Refining Realm. But he was in the Marrow Refining Realm. With a difference of one realm, he had an enormous advantage in both strength and body. This kid didn't know the immensity of heaven and earth. He actually didn't dodge? With this collision, wouldn't this kid's body be smashed to pieces?
Thinking of this, the burly man's strength suddenly increased by 50%. But when the burly man rammed into Luo Zheng's body, his expression suddenly changed. He originally thought that under such a fierce collision, this kid would be like a sandbag, sent flying, his bones broken, and his life extinguished.
But at this moment, he felt as if he had rammed into a mountain. Not only did the kid not move, but he suddenly exerted his strength and rammed back at him!
The violent force bounced back from Luo Zheng's body. The burly man groaned and retreated seven or eight steps. His face was filled with shock, as if he had seen a ghost. How could this kid's body be so hard? It didn't seem like a human's body at all. It was as if his body was cast from steel and iron.
Luo Zheng didn't care about the burly man's confusion. When he was rammed into, a warm current flowed from his shoulder, making his body feel incomparably comfortable. But when he saw Mo Can standing to the side, he coldly asked, "I have no enmity with you. Why did you ram into me?"
The burly man took out a purple pill from his chest and swallowed it. He laughed, "You have no enmity with me, but someone wants you to fail the sea test!"
"Who is it?" Luo Zheng coldly asked.
The burly man didn't answer. He sneered as he ran, "I advise you to give up early. You're doomed to fail the sea test. Otherwise, this road will be the road to your death!"
Watching the burly man's rapidly receding figure, Luo Zheng revealed a dignified expression.
The result wasn't hard to guess. He quickly figured out what was going on.

Chapter 18
However, this was still within the Blue Cloud Sect. Presumably, they wouldn't dare to go too far. Thinking of this, Luo Zheng walked towards Mo Can.
Mo Can lay on the ground, his face deathly pale. He panted heavily and said to Luo Zheng, "Brother Luo Zheng, keep running. I don't think I'll be able to get up. What a pity. Generally, a Bone Refining Stage cultivator only needs to run ten li. As long as I persist for another one or two li, I'll be able to pass the sea test …"
"I'm very sorry. I've implicated you," Luo Zheng said apologetically. It was true that someone had caused trouble for him, which had implicated Mo Can.
Mo Can waved his hand and said with a sad face, "Forget it. This is my fate. Since I was born, my fate has been full of misfortune. I've already gotten used to it …"
Listening to Mo Can's words, it seemed that he had experienced many hardships in the past.
"Stand up!" Luo Zheng said seriously.
Mo Can shook his head and said with a bitter smile, "I can't stand up."
"If you haven't tried, how do you know you can't stand up? The purpose of cultivating martial arts is to squeeze out the limits of our bodies. Who can peacefully train to the peak? "Luo Zheng said with a raised voice.
Luo Zheng's words entered his ears.
Cultivating martial arts was absolutely not for glory, wealth, or power. It was for the ultimate strength of martial arts. This path was full of thorns and was destined to be extremely difficult! Therefore, the most important thing was to surpass oneself and force oneself to break through the limits.
Hearing Luo Zheng's words, Mo Can pondered for a while. His smiling face was especially solemn.
Then he nodded. "You're right. If I give up so easily, I'm afraid it'll be difficult for me to step into the Blue Cloud Sect next time! I have to seize this opportunity. As long as I can enter the Blue Cloud Sect, I, Mo Can, will have the hope of turning things around. Only then will I have the hope of standing out! " After saying that, Mo Can gritted his teeth and stood up from the ground. Although he staggered, he eventually stabilized his body and slowly moved forward on the road.
There was only one mile left in front of him. The road was flat, but for Mo Can, it was as difficult as climbing a mountain of blades.
Luo Zheng slowed down and followed behind Mo Can, constantly encouraging him.
At this time, Mo Can's body had suffered internal injuries, and his physical strength had been completely depleted. He was on the verge of collapse, and he was completely relying on his willpower to support himself.
There were several times when Mo Can was on the verge of collapsing. He clenched his teeth so hard that they bled, but in the end, he managed to pull through.
"Come on! I saw the stone tablet in front of us before! "Luo Zheng said. Not far ahead, there was a stone tablet with two big words engraved on it.
Ten li.
Ten miles was the goal of the Bone Refining stage. As long as one crossed this distance, the jade pendant would change color.
Luo Zheng saw several cultivators in the Bone Refining Realm. After crossing this goal, they chose to leave. They had already passed the exam.
Hearing Luo Zheng's words, Mo Can's expression became excited. He saw that his body was like an oil lamp, but he didn't know where a surge of energy came from, and he actually began to jog.
When Mo Can walked past the Ten Li stone tablet, the jade pendant on his chest finally turned red. He had passed the sea test!
He couldn't hold on any longer. With a plop, he fell to the ground. He couldn't even move his fingers, but he still said to Luo Zheng, "Brother Luo Zheng, thank you …"
Luo Zheng nodded at him. At this time, a flying chariot flew over from the sky. Two examiners from the Blue Cloud Sect jumped down from it.
They sized up Mo Can's jade pendant and announced that Mo Can had passed the test. Then, they lifted Mo Can onto the flying chariot. At the same time, they sized up Luo Zheng and quickly left. The two examiners were a little surprised.
Strictly speaking, everyone who participated in the sea test was a competitor because there was still a trial test coming up.
Who would be willing to help their competitor? This kid was a weirdo.
Luo Zheng naturally didn't know what the examiners were thinking. He only felt gratified when he saw that Mo Can had passed the test.
Then, he also stepped forward and crossed the stone tablet.
As soon as he stepped over, his body sank, and he suddenly felt the pressure double.
"Two thousand jin of pressure …"
It turned out that every ten li on this path would double the pressure. Luo Zheng adapted a few steps and moved his arms and legs. The two thousand jin of pressure still had some effect on Luo Zheng. At the very least, his movements were twice as slow.
However, his physique was different from ordinary people. Running five li under this pressure wasn't a big problem for him.
Because he had been walking slowly with Mo Can, he had wasted a lot of time. The Bone Refining stage cultivators had passed the sea test at the ten li mark. The Viscera Refining stage cultivators had already run far away. Only Luo Zheng was left alone on the path.
Maintaining a uniform speed, Luo Zheng trotted forward like a lonely traveler.
After three li, Luo Zheng was slightly panting.
After five li, Luo Zheng's breathing became slightly louder.
After eight li, Luo Zheng's breathing was slightly chaotic. However, the goal was in sight. It looked like he would pass the sea test easily.
However, when Luo Zheng reached the nine li mark, he saw four people standing in front of him.
One of them was the brawny man who had bumped into Luo Zheng and Mo Can with his shoulder. The other three were unfamiliar faces. However, judging from the aura they emitted, they were undoubtedly in the Marrow Refining stage.
With the previous encounter, Luo Zheng naturally understood that these people wouldn't let him pass so easily.
When he was one zhang away from the four people, a young man dressed like a scholar stepped forward and made a gesture to stop him. "Your sea test ends here. Don't go any further."
Luo Zheng was surprised that they didn't directly attack him. Therefore, Luo Zheng pretended to be astonished and asked, "Why does it end here? Who sent you?"
The scholar smiled. "I don't need to answer this question. You only need to know that this is your destination."
The four of them were all in the Marrow Refining stage. If they wanted to stop a Viscera Refining stage cultivator, it would be too easy.
Luo Zheng's face revealed a gloomy expression. He muttered, "But I still haven't passed the sea test. What do I do?"
"That's your problem." When the scholar finished speaking, the four of them had mocking expressions on their faces. This kid was clearly still thinking about the sea test. Dream on.
At this moment, Luo Zheng suddenly looked at the sky behind the four people and shouted, "Ah, the examiner is coming in the flying carriage!"
The examiner of the Blue Cloud Sect was still a bit of a deterrent to them. The four of them unconsciously turned their heads.
In that instant, Luo Zheng suddenly took a step forward and rushed forward.
His entire body suddenly exploded with power. Like an arrow released from a bow, he almost instantly overtook the four people and rushed forward.
The four of them turned around to look, but the sky was empty. Where was the Flying Chariot and the examiner?
Realizing that they had been played, the four of them flew into a rage out of humiliation.
"This kid is treacherous!"
"Hmph, do you think you can outrun us?"
"Once we catch him, we'll cripple his legs first. Let's see where he can run to!"
Luo Zheng turned a deaf ear to the voices behind him. A faint smile hung on his face as he pushed his body's strength to the limit and madly ran forward.
A li was only five hundred meters. With Luo Zheng's full speed, five hundred meters took only a few breaths of time.
However, even though Luo Zheng's running speed was extremely fast, the four people chasing him were not slow either. It was unknown what kind of cultivation technique the scholar practiced, but his body was flickering with a green light. His feet contained the power of wind and thunder. He was even faster than Luo Zheng, and he quickly approached Luo Zheng's back.
"A mere Viscera Refining stage cultivator wants to play tricks with us. In front of absolute power, your little tricks are nothing! Dark Fog Palm! Die for me! " That person threw himself at Luo Zheng's back. The azure light in his hand flickered as he struck out with his palm, landing squarely on Luo Zheng's back.
The full power of a Refining stage cultivator's attack was extraordinary.
Not only did this palm contain an enormous amount of power, it also contained a wisp of azure smoke that entered Luo Zheng's body. That azure smoke was highly toxic. Even an elephant would die instantly after inhaling a mouthful of this Dark Fog Palm. Not to mention that the Dark Fog Palm had directly entered this kid's body.
"Heh, you won't be able to run more than two steps before you fall to the ground!" The scholar was very proud of his success.
Unfortunately, the scene he had imagined didn't happen.
"How, how is this possible …"
The scholar's eyes almost popped out of their sockets.
He had used all of his strength in that palm strike. With his Refining stage strength, it was enough to smash Luo Zheng's internal organs into mincemeat. Not to mention, that palm strike contained the highly toxic Dark Fog Palm.
However, Luo Zheng was still running forward as if nothing had happened. He even borrowed the strength of the scholar's palm strike to increase his speed.
What kind of monster was this kid?
The four of them stared at each other. Apart from shock, there was only shock on their faces.
At this moment, Luo Zheng felt extremely refreshed.
Ever since Luo Zheng's body had been tempered by Xie Lang's True Fire, the strength of his body had skyrocketed.
Now, if he let those in the Refining of Bones and Viscera Refining of Bones beat him, it would probably be difficult to produce even the slightest bit of warmth.
Only when a Marrow Refining Realm cultivator hammered him would it be effective.
The palm strike just now had produced a surge of warmth that cleansed his internal organs. It made his breathing extremely smooth, as if he had eaten an elixir of immortality.
As for the poisonous gas contained in the palm strike, it didn't cause any harm to him. His body was like a profound weapon. Naturally, he was impervious to poison. Who had ever heard of a profound weapon being afraid of poison?
This was a rare opportunity. Thinking that the four Refining of Marrow could beat him and help cleanse his internal organs, he even wanted to stop and let them beat him up.
However, Luo Zheng had already seen the stone tablet in front of him. This stone tablet should be the goal of the Viscera Refining stage. As long as he could cross this stone tablet, he would pass the sea test.
"Let's first turn the jade pendant red and pass the sea test. A long night may cause trouble." Zheng dispelled the idea of stopping and getting beaten up. He went straight for the stone tablet.

Chapter 19
Luo Zheng crossed the twenty li stone stele with a single step. The jade pendant's green color slowly faded and was gradually dyed with a layer of blood-red.
He then turned around and waved the jade pendant at the four people behind him with a smile on his face.
The four people tailing Luo Zheng saw Luo Zheng's proud expression and felt as if their lungs were about to explode from anger.
Before participating in the sea examination this time, someone had given them a mission to deal with a Viscera Refining Stage brat.
This mission made them rather disapproving. How could a Viscera Refining Stage brat be worth four Marrow Refining Stage cultivators working together?
They originally thought that it would be an easy task, but they didn't expect that this brat would slip away right under their noses. Not only did he slip away, he even dared to provoke them so proudly! A Viscera Refining Stage brat dared to be so arrogant?
This was indeed an intolerable matter.
The scholar's face had already completely darkened. He coldly said, "Everyone, use your own methods to get rid of this brat!"
"But he passed the sea examination. If we kill him in front of the examiners, wouldn't it be too …" The brawny man among the four revealed a hesitant expression.
The scholar's face was filled with ruthlessness as he said, "Young Master Wang said that even if the sky falls, he will hold it up. This brat isn't from the capital and has no background. Even if he dies, who will stand up for him?"
After the scholar's words, the other three finally calmed down.
The last remaining trace of apprehension had now been completely dispelled. The four of them fiercely charged at Luo Zheng with faces full of resentment. It seemed that the four of them wouldn't give up until they tore Luo Zheng to pieces.
Seeing this scene, Luo Zheng was very satisfied. He had deliberately angered the four of them.
There were two ways to quickly increase one's strength. One was to let the black fire devour profound level weapons and light up the dragon scales. For the poor Luo Zheng, there weren't many profound level weapons for him to devour at the moment.
The other method was to let others temper him and create a warm current to cleanse the impurities in his internal organs.
The four of them were all in the Marrow Refining Stage. Their attacks were neither too big nor too small for Luo Zheng, and their strength was just right.
If a Bone Refining Stage or Marrow Refining Stage cultivator were to beat him, it wouldn't have much of an effect.
However, if those half-step Xiantian masters were to attack him, their strength would be too heavy. If he was not careful, he would be seriously injured or even killed. Therefore, these four people could be regarded as excellent "blacksmiths" for Luo Zheng.
This was also the reason why Luo Zheng had turned around to provoke them after he dyed the jade pendant red.
Seeing the four people rushing towards him, Luo Zheng also turned around and ran forward. Another reason why he didn't want to leave this path was to see how much pressure he could withstand.
After crossing the 20-mile stone stele, the pressure on the road suddenly doubled. It actually jumped from 2000 Jin to 4000 Jin.
Under such high pressure, he felt as if his entire body was being dragged to the ground by a huge force. As long as he lost control of his strength, his entire body would be pressed to the ground by this pressure.
Fortunately, the four Marrow Refining Stage cultivators behind him were also restrained by the two thousand kilograms of pressure. Their speed immediately slowed down.
Therefore, a very strange scene was playing out on this path.
Luo Zheng was running forward at an extremely slow speed. The four people were chasing after him at an extremely slow speed. If someone were to look at them from the side, they would think that these five people were acting out a slow-motion drama.
Luo Zheng could have run faster. Up until now, he was still relying on his own strength. He hadn't used the power of the two dragon scales. If he borrowed the power of the dragon scales, his speed would more than double.
The reason why he deliberately slowed down was to give the four people a chance to beat him.
The first to rush up was the scholar. As soon as he got close to Luo Zheng's back, he roared, "Die for me!" He continuously struck out with his palms. He struck out seven or eight times in a row. Each strike contained his full strength. Under the pressure of 4000 Jin, even though he was in the Marrow Refining Stage, he was still gasping for breath.
The frenzied palm strikes landed on Luo Zheng's back, greatly benefiting Luo Zheng. At the same time, he relied on this palm strike to push him forward. Not only did it save him energy, it also produced a large amount of warm current that washed his internal organs. The degree of comfort in his heart could be imagined.
After the palm strike was completely digested, another person took over the scholar's position.
"Frost Wolf Fist!"
"Explosive Elbow Strike!"
"Vigorous Crushing Fist!"
The four people alternately attacked Luo Zheng's back. Wave after wave of power pushed him forward. His internal organs were being refined at an inconceivable speed. The impurities refined by the Marrow Refining Stage were dark red. These impurities mixed with Luo Zheng's sweat and looked like blood.
The more the four people behind him fought, the more frightened they became.
This kid's body seemed to be too abnormal. Even the Demon Race's Body Refiners didn't have such a terrifying physique.
Just now, under the four people's repeated attacks, this kid was actually able to withstand it. It was really beyond their imagination.
"I can't, I can't, I don't have any strength left!" One of them held his waist and gasped for breath.
The brawny man sat down on the ground and shook his head. "Just running under this pressure is already unbearable. Not to mention beating people. I'm exhausted."
The 2000 jin pressure was originally designed for Marrow Refining Stage cultivators. Bearing the 2000 jin pressure to beat Luo Zheng, they consumed their strength extremely quickly. In just a short while, they were completely exhausted.
Just as they were about to give up, the scholar suddenly shouted, "He's bleeding!" The scholar discovered that Luo Zheng's body was flowing with red liquid. He subconsciously thought that Luo Zheng was bleeding. He happily said, "I knew this kid really had an immortal body forged from golden steel. It turns out he can still be injured. He's already an arrow at the end of its flight. Everyone, let's work harder!"
Seeing that Luo Zheng's body was bleeding profusely, the four people were delighted. In any case, they had finally injured this kid and saved some face.
They raised their spirits, gritted their teeth, and rushed forward. They did their best to greet Luo Zheng with their fists.
Just now, Luo Zheng thought that they were going to give up. He was a bit depressed. This was an excellent opportunity to be beaten. He didn't want it to end so quickly.
But he didn't expect that when they saw the impurities flowing out of his body, they would mistake it for blood. They were certain that he couldn't continue and unexpectedly began a new round of beating.
He was secretly happy, but he didn't show it on his face. He even pretended to be weak. While he was being beaten, he staggered forward. The second round of tempering had begun.
Luo Zheng didn't know that 30 li away, the white-browed old man presiding over the exam had a panoramic view of this scene.
Beside the white-browed old man, there was a young woman wearing a jade-green robe.
The two people's attention was focused on a jade box that was half the height of a person in front of them. This jade box was called a "letter tablet". Through the letter tablet, they could see the entire scene on the road.
At this moment, the image on the letter tablet was showing the scene of Luo Zheng being chased and beaten.
The two people's gazes were locked onto Luo Zheng. Their expressions were slightly surprised.
"He withstood the attacks of four Marrow Refining Realm cultivators. Moreover, he is only in the Viscera Refining Realm. This month's Sea Exam has produced another interesting student!" The jade-green robed woman said with a smile.
Hearing the jade-green robed woman's words, the white-browed old man suddenly felt a headache. It seemed that the jade-green robed woman was interested in this examinee again. He thought for a moment before saying, "Instructor Su, you can't be like this. If all 32 Peaks of Qingyun Peak were to pick disciples like you, it would be too unfair to the instructors of the other Peaks."
When Instructor Su heard the white-browed old man's words, she said very generously, "That's good. Everyone can pick together. I won't mind."
"But according to the rules, these disciples will be distributed according to the rankings after the Sea Exam. Last month, you took away a talented disciple. The other 32 Peaks already had some complaints. If it happens again this month, then …" The white-browed old man said as he shook his head.
This Instructor Su coldly snorted and said, "So what? They still have complaints? If they have complaints, then just tell me directly. Or go up and sue me! My Xiao Yufeng is ranked last in the 33 Peaks of Qingyun Peak. If I don't use some methods, how can I revive it? That's right! There's a very simple method. I'll go find this kid and have him hide his strength so that he doesn't get first place in the Sea Exam! This way, the other 32 Peaks won't fight with me over him, right? "
"This …" The white-browed old man didn't expect Instructor Su to come up with such a clever idea. This made his headache even worse.
The Blue Cloud Sect provided a total of 33 Peaks for the inner and outer disciples to cultivate. In order to let all the disciples strive forward, a set of very strict and scientific rules were formulated. The most important of which was the competition between the 33 Peaks.
These competitions didn't only affect the disciples. The instructors on the 33 Peaks also had their own missions and goals. In order to cultivate more outstanding disciples, these instructors would naturally fight over some talented geniuses.
Although those who could pass the Sea Exam and the Sea Exam wouldn't be bad in terms of talent and strength, but to choose the best of the best, there was no best, only better. Everyone was willing to take away the most outstanding disciple.
Instructor Su broke the rules for Xiao Yufeng, which made the instructors of the other Peaks quite dissatisfied.
＝＝＝＝＝

Chapter 20
Teacher Su had broken the rules for Xiao Yufeng, causing the teachers from the other peaks to be quite dissatisfied.
But when they thought of Teacher Su's background, no one dared to criticize her in front of her. This white-browed elder was only in charge of invigilating the Sea Exam, so he didn't dare to offend Teacher Su. Taking advantage of his seniority, he reluctantly gave a few words of advice. If Teacher Su didn't listen, then he wouldn't say anything.
As for the kid who was being beaten, according to the white-browed elder's opinion, he might have cultivated some unique body refining technique, which gave him a unique physique. His ability to take a beating was outstanding.
But the Blue Cloud Sect included so many outstanding disciples of the Empire. Compared to those monstrous geniuses of the Empire, this kid was nothing. He had passed the qualifiers, but the following tests wouldn't be so simple. Who knows, maybe he wouldn't be able to pass?
Thirty li away.
The four people had finally exhausted all their strength. They couldn't muster up any more strength. One by one, they fell to the ground, panting heavily.
They had also come to participate in the Sea Exam. Killing that kid in the Viscera Refining Stage was just a side mission. But now, they were half dead tired. Don't mention fighting that kid, even passing the Sea Exam was impossible. One had to know that there was still at least five or six li to go. In their current state, even crawling up was extremely difficult.
Luo Zheng shook his arms. At this time, he was refreshed and full of energy. The impurities in his internal organs had been purified by a lot from today's punches. If he could take a few more of these punches, he would be able to reach the peak of the Viscera Refining Stage in a short period of time.
Unfortunately, this kind of opportunity didn't come often. Luo Zheng clearly wanted to continue.
He saw that the scholar was looking at him with a vicious expression. He walked in front of him, squatted down and asked: "The Wang gongzi you mentioned just now should be Wang Hengzhi, right?"
The scholar sneered: "Since you know, why don't you kneel down and accept your death. Wang gongzi is a descendant of a landowning household. Do you think you have a chance to live after offending him? Even if you enter the Blue Cloud Sect, you will still die. "
Luo Zheng nodded and smiled: "Help me pass a message to Wang gongzi. I have no enmity with him. Don't involve him in my relationship with Luo Peiran."
"What a joke. Who is Wang gongzi? Will he listen to you? Are you qualified to talk to him? If I want to kill you, I only need to say a word … "The scholar continued to sneer.
"Boom!"
Before the scholar could finish his sentence, Luo Zheng suddenly landed a heavy punch on his lower jaw. His whole body was thrown into the air and flipped in a circle before being pressed back down to the ground. The scholar's teeth were broken and his mouth was full of blood. At this moment, he could no longer speak.
Luo Zheng rubbed his fists and said coldly, "It's so hard for you to pass on a message. Do you really think I don't have a temper? I've been beaten up by you guys for so long. Isn't this one punch going easy on you? "
Just as Luo Zheng said, these four people had been chasing Luo Zheng for a long time. Although they were shocked by Luo Zheng's abnormal defensive power, Luo Zheng didn't fight back once as he ran away. They stubbornly believed that Luo Zheng was just a tortoise hiding in its shell and couldn't pose a threat to them.
However, Luo Zheng's punch just now was so fierce and merciless.
The other three instantly understood that this guy was definitely not a tortoise, but a ferocious lion!
After understanding this, they were like frightened rabbits, staring blankly at Luo Zheng. Now, the three of them were completely exhausted. Even if they wanted to run, they couldn't, let alone fight back.
Luo Zheng found the strong man and asked: "Did you hear what I said just now? Do you need me to repeat it again? "
"I heard it clearly, I heard it clearly. I will pass on your words to Young Master Wang." The strong man forced a smile. He was a person who understood the situation. If he didn't behave now, he would end up like that scholar. He was asking for trouble.
Luo Zheng nodded with satisfaction. He ignored these people and continued on the path.
On the entire path, Luo Zheng was the only one. Although he had passed the sea test, he wanted to see if he could continue on.
After chasing for a while, he had run another five or six li. If he ran another five li, he would reach the end of the Marrow Refining stage. He wanted to see where his limit was.
Under the pressure of two thousand kilograms, his speed was already extremely slow. It took him less than an hour to finally see the stone tablet in front of him.
If a Marrow Refining stage cultivator reached this stone tablet, they would be considered to have passed the sea test. However, they hadn't reached the end of the path. Who knew how much more pressure would there be after crossing this stone tablet?
Luo Zheng arrived in front of the stone tablet. Without any hesitation, he lifted his leg and stepped over.
Just as he stepped over the stone tablet, an extremely terrifying pressure pressed down on him.
"Plop!"
It was as if a mountain covered Luo Zheng's body, pressing Luo Zheng to the ground.
"This pressure is too much!"
Luo Zheng's face, stomach, and limbs were stuck to the ground like glue. He couldn't move at all.
He tried to lift his head, but it felt as if his head weighed tens of thousands of jin. No matter how hard he tried, he couldn't lift it.
Luo Zheng was a bit depressed. Ten li was one thousand jin of pressure. Twenty li was two thousand jin of pressure. Thirty li was four thousand jin of pressure. Logically speaking, forty li should be eight thousand jin of pressure. However, he felt tens of thousands of jin of pressure. The pressure seemed to have increased tenfold!
I don't believe it!
Luo Zheng was also angry. He communicated with the two dragon scales in his body and transferred the power from them to his body. Then he roared and circulated all the power in his body.
"Rise for me!"
All the power in his body poured out. Blue veins popped out on his body. Every muscle swelled to the limit and emitted a bronze glow.
Withstanding such a fierce power, Luo Zheng forcibly propped himself up with his hands.
However, he was still in a squatting position. He didn't stand up completely.
"Again!"
Luo Zheng took a deep breath. This time, he poured all the power in his body into his legs. Pressing his hands on his thighs, he slowly rose up in a rather embarrassing position.
The speed at which he got up was very slow. It was almost one centimeter at a time.
From squatting to standing up, this simple action took him the time it took to burn a stick of incense.
At this time, he was sweating profusely. His chest was heaving up and down violently. It seemed as if all the power in his body was about to be exhausted.
However, he still stood up.
Although he had stood up, it was extremely difficult for him to take a step forward.
He could foresee that as soon as he raised his feet, his body would immediately lose balance and then fall to the ground …
However, at this time, he suddenly felt a warm current flowing out from his body.
"What's going on?"
His arms, body, and legs were constantly flowing with warm currents. Moreover, these warm currents were surging violently. There were so many of them that they couldn't be compared to before.
Luo Zheng's face was full of confusion. There was no one beating him now. How could there be warm currents?
"I understand!" After understanding, Luo Zheng's face suddenly showed a touch of ecstasy.
His body could produce warm currents because the power of others poured into his body. His body converted the power into warm currents, which could then cleanse his body.
Now, there was indeed no one beating him. However, the pressure from the outside world had reached a terrifying level. The pressure was no weaker than the power of others beating him. His body was converting this pressure into warm currents and starting to cleanse his body!
This pressure was endless, torrential, and very evenly applied to Luo Zheng's body. Therefore, Luo Zheng's whole body was flowing with warm currents.
This kind of high-pressure environment was actually the best place for Luo Zheng to cultivate. He was overjoyed. He stood on the spot and closed his eyes, allowing the warm currents to remove the impurities in his organs.
While Luo Zheng was enjoying himself, the white-bearded old man and Instructor Su were frightened.
The first thirty miles of the Blue Cloud Sect's path was used to hold the sea test. Under normal circumstances, cultivators of the Bone Refining Realm, Viscera Refining Realm, and Marrow Refining Realm would have to dye their jade pendants red to advance to the next stage.
However, the area after thirty miles was reserved for cultivators of the Xiantian Realm.
The pressure inside reached a terrifying 50,000 jin, which was equivalent to 50 ding of force. As long as one stood inside, it would be like 50 ding of ding of force pressing down on one's body.
With such a terrifying pressure, not to mention Marrow Refining Realm cultivators, even half-step Xiantian Realm cultivators would shrink back. Only those who had stepped into the Xiantian Realm could withstand such pressure.
Ordinary Bone Refining Realm and Viscera Refining Realm cultivators would be crushed if they were thrown in.
Although this kid's body was extremely strong and could withstand the attacks of four Marrow Refining Realm cultivators, he would not stand a chance against 50 ding of force.
The two of them realized the severity of the problem. They jumped onto two Flying Chariots and rushed forward.
With the Flying Chariot's speed, they covered the distance of thirty miles in an instant.
When the two of them jumped off their respective Flying Chariots, they realized that not only was Luo Zheng unscathed, he was even crawling up from the ground!
When the white-browed old man saw this scene, he muttered, "I've presided over the sea test for so many years, but I've never seen anything like this. I've really never seen anything like this …"

Chapter 21
Over the years, there had been countless geniuses who had entered the Blue Cloud Sect.
Some of them had extremely high comprehension abilities and cultivated at an extremely fast speed. In just one year, they had gone from the Bone Refining Stage to the Xiantian Stage.
Some of them had special physiques and were extremely strong. They were only in the Bone Refining Stage but they had the ability to move mountains. Their strength was comparable to a half-step Xiantian Stage.
In comparison, the kid in front of them was not that outstanding.
Even if he used his Organs Refining Stage strength to withstand the attacks of four Marrow Refining Stage cultivators and still managed to reach the 30 mile stone tablet, in the eyes of the white-browed elder and Teacher Su, he could only be considered outstanding.
Take Teacher Su's Xiao Yufeng as an example. She was ranked last in the 33 Green Cloud Peaks, but she could find at least three disciples who could withstand the attacks of Marrow Refining Stage cultivators and still complete the Sea Test.
But …
A Viscera Refining Stage cultivator was actually able to withstand the pressure of fifty cauldrons, and was even able to stand under such enormous pressure without collapsing.
Not to mention that there was no other disciple like him in Xiao Yufeng, even if they searched the entire 33 Green Cloud Peaks, they would not be able to find a second one.
Teacher Su wanted to go forward and pull Luo Zheng out of the huge gravity.
However, the white-browed elder did not stop her. "Don't rush. Look at what he is doing."
Instructor Su looked carefully and saw streams of blood-red liquid flowing out from his body. The surprise on her face became even stronger. "He's actually refining his organs!"
The two of them were much more knowledgeable than the four people just now. They could tell that the red liquid was not blood, but the impurities in the organs. However, most people had to force the impurities out of their bodies over a long period of time. However, this kid was able to force out such a large amount of impurities in such a short period of time.
"This kid's future …" The white-browed elder was about to say something. It was probably the uncreative "limitless future."
However, Teacher Su suddenly said, "His future is gloomy, right?"
The white-browed elder was puzzled. "Teacher Su, what do you mean by that?"
"I think this kid's talent is mediocre. He is lucky to have barely passed the Sea Test. As for the scene in front of you, I want you to pretend that you didn't see it." Teacher Su smiled sweetly. However, the meaning behind her words was very unreasonable.
The white-browed elder wasn't a fool. Judging from Instructor Su's words, he wanted him to keep this a secret.
However, according to the rules of the sect, if they found an especially outstanding disciple in the sea test, they had to report it to the higher-ups. Someone like this kid definitely met this rule.
"This …" The old man with white eyebrows hesitated again. If Luo Zheng's performance was the same as before, he could turn a blind eye to it. But now, Luo Zheng's performance was that of a once-in-a-thousand-years genius. If he continued to hide this matter, wouldn't it be too much?
Seeing the white-browed elder hesitate, Instructor Su's bright smile froze. "There's no need to hesitate. Do you need me to use the Emperor's Token?"
"Cough cough …" Hearing about the emperor's order, the white-browed old man coughed violently. Ever since Instructor Su entered the Blue Cloud Sect, his health had been deteriorating day by day. Every time the sea test was held, this lass would make him anxious. It would be strange if his health could recover.
What was the Emperor's Medallion?
He could ask "that person" in the Burning Heaven Palace to do something for him.
Extermination of clans, killing people, massacring nations …
To that person, these big things were just simple and trivial matters.
The prerequisite was that you had to have the Emperor's Token in order to have the qualifications to make a request.
In the past two hundred years, there were only six Emperor's Tokens that came out of the palace.
The Ouyang Family of the Imperial Capital had once obtained an Emperor's Medallion by chance. Later, they enshrined it in the family's main pavilion. With the power of the Emperor's Medallion, they actually jumped from an ordinary small family to one of the top ten noble families.
Although it was inseparable from the painstaking efforts of the Ouyang Family and their diligent cultivation, the Emperor's Token had undoubtedly played a huge role. With such a token enshrined, who would dare to touch you?
The young man in front of him was indeed a rare genius. But to casually use the Emperor's Token was a bit too exaggerated.
Although he understood that this lass was using the Emperor's Token to threaten him, he knew even more clearly that with her personality, if he continued to dawdle, she might really do it.
Since she had already said so, what else could the white-browed elder say? He could only obediently say: "Since you've already decided, then there's no need to report this matter."
"Remember, I want no one to know about this matter. The images recorded on the letter tablet must be completely deleted. A third person must not see it!" Instructor Su thought for a moment and warned again: "In a moment, it's best to make this kid shut up. If the people from the other peaks really know about this, then the trouble won't be small."
After saying this, she looked at Luo Zheng with a fiery gaze, as if she was looking at an unpolished gem.
Luo Zheng was focused on letting the warm current wash his body. Now that he was continuously absorbing pressure, the impurities in his internal organs were almost all expelled.
He took a deep breath and his entire body trembled violently. Large amounts of red impurities poured out from his pores. From afar, he looked like a man made of blood.
"I've finally reached the peak of the Viscera Refining Stage! There is only a fine line separating me from the Marrow Refining Realm! "
Luo Zheng's eyes released a hint of radiance. This type of speed of improvement left him extremely happy. Right now, only by quickly increasing his strength could he contend against Luo Peiran, only then would he have the qualifications to head to Purgatory Mountain to save his younger sister.
According to his plans, he still wanted to continue cultivating here. Perhaps he could cross that line and break through the Marrow Refining Realm.
However, his legs instead began to tremble. Under this tremendous pressure, his legs finally couldn't hold on any longer. It looked like he was about to lose his footing and fall to the ground.
However, right at this time, a pair of hands grabbed Luo Zheng's neck, dragging him out from this path.
Luo Zheng felt his body become lighter, that formless pressure also disappearing. He turned around, only to see that the one who dragged him out was that white-browed elder, as well as the one in charge of invigilating this sea examination. At this white-browed elder's side was a jade-green clothed woman who was as beautiful as a fairy.
"You already passed the sea examination, so why are you still lingering here?" The white-browed elder said sternly.
After being berated like this, Luo Zheng calmly said, "This disciple didn't know that I couldn't stay here."
"Now you know? Bring the jade pendant to exchange for a trial tile and wait to participate in the trial examination. "The white-browed elder said.
Luo Zheng obediently turned around and left. He naturally didn't want to provoke this white-browed elder for no reason. However, after taking two steps, he turned around and asked, "Examiner, if I am fortunate enough to enter the Blue Cloud Sect, can I still enter this path?"
Using pressure to refine his body allowed Luo Zheng's cultivation to advance extremely quickly. He was already a bit addicted to it, so he naturally cared about this issue greatly.
When he heard this, the white-browed elder laughed coldly and said, "This is the place where Natural Secret Realm experts cultivate. If you want to enter, you have to use sect points to have the qualifications. Since you violated the rules this time, this great one won't look into your responsibility. However, I ask that you keep this a secret and not speak of it to anyone else!"
Luo Zheng nodded and quickly left.
After Luo Zheng walked far away, the white-browed elder turned around and said to Mentor Su, "What do you think of what I said?"
"Yes! Not bad. As a token of my gratitude, this is for you! " Mentor Su wore a five-colored flower ring on her hand. It was inlaid with five different colored gems. It was very beautiful. With a light tap of her finger, a bright silver elixir appeared in her hand. She casually threw it to the white-browed elder.
When the white-browed elder caught the bright silver elixir, his expression suddenly changed greatly.
Mentor Su's gift was indeed extraordinary. This bright silver elixir was actually a "Longevity Elixir"!
This Longevity Elixir could extend a person's life by one year! It was a fifth-grade sacred medicine, which was very rare!
An inch of time was worth an inch of gold, and even ten thousand gold couldn't buy an inch of time. For many old people in their twilight years, a year's time was extremely precious, and it could change too many things.

Chapter 22
Following the path back, Luo Zheng felt that his body was as light as a feather. It was as if he could fly with a light jump.
Now that he was at the peak of the Viscera Refining Realm, his breathing was longer and smoother. His strength had also increased by a small margin. He ran like mad the entire way and quickly returned to the square.
Those who didn't pass the test had all left. Those who remained in the square were those who had already passed the test. He roughly estimated that there were about a thousand people who had passed the test. The elimination rate of the sea test was as high as ninety percent!
As soon as he entered the square, someone excitedly waved at him.
"Brother Luo Zheng! You passed the test! "Mo Can's gaze fell on the jade pendant on Luo Zheng's chest. The jade pendant had already turned bright red.
Luo Zheng nodded and asked, "I heard that we need to exchange the jade pendant for the disciple card? Where can we exchange for it? "
Mo Can dragged Luo Zheng to a corner of the square. There was a long table in that corner. As he walked, he said, "This is the place. After exchanging for the disciple card, we will be considered as temporary trial disciples of the Blue Cloud Sect."
Under Mo Can's guidance, Luo Zheng took off the jade pendant and placed it on the table.
Behind the table, there were two members of the Blue Cloud Sect who were busy. One of them glanced at Luo Zheng and took the jade pendant from his hand. He brought it close to his eyes and examined it for a while. He was probably checking the information recorded in the jade pendant.
After the examination, the person took out a small wooden card with silver edges and a small chisel knife.
The person waved the chisel knife and carved the words "Luo Zheng" on the small wooden card. His chisel skills were quite good. It was as if the chisel knife in his hand wasn't a chisel knife, but an ink brush. He was writing smoothly.
After a while, Luo Zheng's disciple card was finished. The person said, "Please take care of your disciple card and wait over there."
Luo Zheng took the exquisite disciple card in his hand and played with it for a while. Then, he waited with Mo Can on one side.
The atmosphere in the square was not good. Over a thousand people had each found a corner and were faintly on guard against the people around them.
The sea test wasn't an elimination system. As long as you reached the distance set by the Blue Cloud Sect, you could pass. If you didn't provoke people like Luo Zheng, you only needed to run to the set distance to pass.
However, the following trials were much more difficult. Because of the elimination system, more than 80% of the thousand people present were destined to be eliminated.
After waiting for a while, someone came over and gathered all the trial disciples and led them away from the square.
Following the complicated paths in the Blue Cloud Sect, they stopped at a flat mountain. Compared to the steep mountains in the Blue Cloud Sect, this mountain didn't stand out, but what was strange was that the entire mountain was blood-red.
Whether it was the soil on the mountain or the various plants, they were all blood-red. This red color was very eye-catching against the surrounding green mountains.
Seeing the mountain, Mo Can said to Luo Zheng, "This should be the famous Blood Red Mountain."
"Blood Red Mountain. This mountain is like its name. It's very unique." Seeing this scenery for the first time, Luo Zheng was also attracted.
"From the looks of it, the disciple assessment this time should be the legendary 'Trial of Blood'." Mo Can's expression was solemn as he spoke.
"Is there anything special about this Trial of Blood?" Luo Zheng asked again.
In terms of knowledge, Mo Can wasn't as knowledgeable as Luo Zheng. However, as a citizen of the imperial capital, Mo Can was determined to enter the Blue Cloud Sect since he was young. Naturally, he was more familiar with the various rules of the Blue Cloud Sect than Luo Zheng. He explained to Luo Zheng, "The reason why this mountain is blood-red is because it contains a type of ore called Scarlet Fantasy Gravel."
"Scarlet Fantasy Gravel? The ore used to create illusion arrays? " Luo Zheng raised his eyebrows. He had heard of this Scarlet Fantasy Gravel before. It was an important material for cultivating illusion techniques. For example, if some profound level weapons were mixed with Scarlet Fantasy Gravel during the refining process, it would give the profound level weapon an illusion effect. In addition, this ore was often used in illusion arrays and illusion talismans.
Mo Can nodded. "Yes. I heard that the powerful people of the Blue Cloud Sect used the Scarlet Fantasy Gravel to transform the entire Blood Red Mountain into a large-scale illusion array for the Trial of Blood. Today, they brought us here to participate in the Trial of Blood."
As for the details of the Trial of Blood, Mo Can wasn't too clear. In short, the Trial of Blood was definitely related to illusions.
The internal affairs of the Blue Cloud Sect brought the thousands of trial disciples to the foot of the mountain. There were rows of imposing residences where all the trial disciples were settled.
That night, everyone went to bed early to prepare for the Trial of Blood the next day.
Early the next morning, the thousands of trial disciples began to gather at the foot of the mountain.
However, the internal affairs of the Blue Cloud Sect didn't give the order to go up the mountain.
After waiting for about two hours, everyone finally understood the reason. It turned out that they were waiting for someone.
In addition to the thousands of trial disciples who passed the sea test, there was another group of people who wanted to participate in the Trial of Blood. That group was the landowning households.
Because these landowning households had special privileges, they didn't need to participate in the sea test.
Compared to these trial disciples who were born in the grass roots, the landowning households' children were much more eye-catching.
Hundreds of Flying Chariots covered the sky as they flew over from midair. They stopped neatly not far ahead. Every landowning household child participating in the Trial of Blood was accompanied by three or four people. Among those accompanying them, there was no lack of experts who emitted powerful auras.
When the landowning households' children saw the thousands of trial disciples, their faces were full of disdain. It was the attitude of a superior facing the grass roots.
After getting off the Flying Chariots, the landowning households' children also gathered together, forming a small group. They didn't move closer.
At this moment, the thousands of disciples participating in the trial were displeased in their hearts. Although the cultivators had good temperaments and wouldn't feel impatient even if they had to wait for a few hours, did they deserve to waste time waiting for this group of powerful landowning household disciples?
However, although they were angry, they only dared to curse a few times. As people who were born in the grass roots, they were very clear about the power of the landowning households' children. They couldn't afford to offend these people.
Not to mention, they were about to go up the mountain to participate in the Trial of Blood. Although these landowning households' children were arrogant, they had received good training since childhood. Under the immersion of various elixirs and powerful cultivation methods, their strength wouldn't be bad. If they stood out here and were besieged by the landowning households' children, who would be able to stand it?
At this time, a small group of landowning households' children walked over to the trial disciples.
Seeing the aggressive appearance of the group of landowning households' children, the trial disciples subconsciously opened up a path. The crowd parted on both sides, but there was one person standing in the middle. That person was Luo Zheng, who was meditating with his eyes closed.
Luo Zheng had been standing in the group with his eyes closed. Ever since he discovered that he could send his consciousness deep into his mind, he often maintained this state of meditation. He didn't pay attention to what was happening around him. In any case, he was waiting for the invigilator to come over.
However, he suddenly felt that the atmosphere was a little strange. He opened his eyes and saw a group of luxuriously dressed landowning households' children walking towards him.
Luo Zheng even looked left and right before realizing that this group of people was coming towards him.
"Do you need something from me?" Luo Zheng asked with a smile. In a situation where he didn't want to offend anyone, Luo Zheng would try his best not to offend anyone. He wouldn't attract enemies for no reason.
At this time, two people walked out of the group of landowning households' children. One of them was Wang Hengzhi, and the other was Luo Zheng's cousin, Luo Peiran.
Seeing Luo Peiran, Luo Zheng's eyes suddenly emitted a cold light. His face also darkened. He said in a cold voice, "Luo Peiran, there's no need to involve so many people in the matter between us."
Luo Peiran's face revealed a trace of a sinister smile. He was about to speak when Wang Hengzhi unexpectedly patted his shoulder. "Peiran, don't speak first." Then he walked in front of Luo Zheng and said with a smile, "I heard that you told me not to interfere in the matter between you and Luo Peiran?"
"Young master Wang, the conflict between me and Luo Peiran is a family matter. It has nothing to do with you." Luo Zheng suppressed the anger in his heart and said calmly.
Wang Hengzhi leisurely walked two steps, playing with a navy blue butterfly jade pendant in his hand. "What if I think it has something to do with you?"
"Young master Wang, please be magnanimous." Luo Zheng raised his hands in salute.
"Haha, I, Wang Hengzhi, have never been reasonable. If you don't want me to interfere, then promise me one thing." Wang Hengzhi raised his head and said.
"What is it?" Luo Zheng frowned slightly.
"Withdraw from the Blue Cloud Sect's Trial of Blood and Fire, then go to the Wang Family's shop in the southern part of the city to buy a knife. Standing on the Wei River Bridge, you will cut your own throat with the knife. I, Wang Hengzhi, will not interfere in this matter." Wang Hengzhi's tone was always so indifferent, as if he was talking about a trivial matter.
After hearing Wang Hengzhi's words, a flush of red rushed to Luo Zheng's cheeks. Anger suddenly filled his chest. A moment later, he suddenly laughed wildly.
"Hahahahaha!"
Luo Zheng repeatedly exercised restraint. He didn't even teach the four people Wang Hengzhi had sent yesterday a lesson. The reason was that he didn't want to offend Wang Hengzhi too much. After all, the Wang Family was a landowning household, and he was alone.
But he found that his restraint was useless. He was like an ant in Wang Hengzhi's eyes. The other didn't take him seriously at all. In this guy's heart, he was a dead man. He didn't have the qualifications to negotiate with him.
Patience was useless against this kind of person.
"Surnamed Wang, do you really think I'm afraid of you? You want me to withdraw from the Trial of Blood? You want me to cut my own throat? That's the biggest joke in the world. My life is here. Let's see if you have the ability to take it away! " After saying that, a strong aura burst out from Luo Zheng's body. His face was like the God of Slaughter, exuding an endless evil aura.
＝＝＝＝＝

Chapter 23
The aura that Luo Zheng erupted with immediately drew everyone's gazes over.
Even the large group of landowning households who were relatively far away were looking in this direction with the mentality of watching a show.
"Hehe, this Wang Hengzhi is getting more and more bored. He actually brought his troops to target a small nobody. He doesn't know that a cornered dog will jump over a wall," a white-clothed landowning household disciple said softly as he waved a jade fan.
"So what? He's a cornered dog and doesn't have the strength to jump over a wall. This kid is only in the Viscera Refinement realm. He can't jump over a wall even if he wanted to. However, Wang Hengzhi is indeed bored. He actually spent the effort to deal with a Viscera Refinement realm fellow … "Another landowning household disciple nodded.
However, the guard beside this landowning household disciple cupped his hands and said, "Young Master Huo, when you participate in the Trial of Blood and Fire, you must pay attention to this person."
"Hm? What do you mean? " The landowning household disciple surnamed Huo knew that his guard wouldn't speak carelessly. This guard was a Xiantian realm expert who had returned from the Asura Battlefield. He was very good at judging people.
The guard continued, "This subordinate doesn't know why, but although this person is only in the Viscera Refinement realm, he gives me an extremely dangerous feeling."
Huo Gongzi raised his eyebrows to receive such an evaluation from his guard. He said with interest, "If that's the case, Wang Hengzhi will be in a bit of trouble this time."
These landowning household disciples weren't completely united. Some of them even had great conflicts. Therefore, Young Master Huo didn't need to remind Wang Hengzhi. Of course, even if his guard gave this kid a high evaluation, he still thought that this was just a small problem for Wang Hengzhi.
Only landowning households knew how much power Wang Hengzhi, who was also a landowning household, possessed.
Luo Peiran and the group of landowning household disciples all had ugly expressions when they heard Luo Zheng's disrespectful words.
Wang Hengzhi nimbly flipped the butterfly jade pendant over and over between his fingers. He still looked as calm as ever, but a murderous intent flashed in his eyes. "Actually, death is the easiest way for you to escape. I have many ways to make you suffer a fate worse than death. Do you want to reconsider?"
"There's no need! Although I, Luo Zheng, have a cheap life, I won't die so easily! "Luo Zheng laughed harshly.
"Seventh Brother, why waste words with this kid? Just kill him! " A tall young man rushed out from behind Wang Hengzhi. Unable to hold himself back, he swung his fist at Luo Zheng's head.
This young man's strength was not bad. He was at the peak of the Marrow Refining Stage!
Moreover, there were faint and fine runes flowing on his fists. It was obvious that he had cultivated an extremely powerful fist technique.
In the face of such a powerful punch, Luo Zheng did not evade. Instead, he threw out a punch of his own, intending to meet force with force!
Everyone who saw this scene shook their heads. They thought that this Luo Zheng had some backbone, but it was only his mouth that was powerful. Using the strength of a Viscera Refining stage cultivator to fight against a Marrow Refining stage cultivator, who was also a descendant of a landowning household, his cultivation method was naturally much more powerful than Luo Zheng's.
If Luo Zheng were to meet it head on, this punch would probably shatter Luo Zheng's arm.
Not far away, Mo Can's mouth was agape. His eyes were filled with worry. Mo Can knew that Luo Zheng's strength was not as simple as it seemed. However, he had not seen the final scene yesterday. He thought that even if Luo Zheng was not simple, it was impossible for him to meet a peak Marrow Refining stage cultivator head on. This time, Luo Zheng would most likely suffer a great loss.
However, the scene that everyone expected did not occur.
The two fists collided, producing a muffled sound.
Luo Zheng stood in place, his legs firmly nailed to the ground. His body did not move at all. A warm current flowed through his body, dissolving the power of his opponent's fist.
As for the tall young man, he took a few steps back and almost fell to the ground. His hand was hanging to the side, clearly injured. His face was also flushed red.
The majority of the people present did not expect this result. Their faces were filled with astonishment. Their gazes towards Luo Zheng contained a faint trace of admiration. Using the strength of a Viscera Refining stage to meet a Marrow Refining stage cultivator head on was not something an ordinary person could do.
Especially the thousand or so grassroots cultivators present. When they saw Luo Zheng teach the insolent descendant of a landowning household a lesson, they felt an indescribable joy in their hearts.
The people by Wang Hengzhi's side could not hold themselves back any longer. They all began to shout and curse, surrounding Luo Zheng. It looked like they were about to attack him together.
Luo Zheng narrowed his eyes. If the other side wanted to swarm him, then he could only fight with his life on the line. Since he was going to die, then he would drag them down with him.
At this moment, someone shouted sternly, "What are you doing? Today is the day for you to participate in the Trial of Blood and Fire, not for you to fight! "
Everyone raised their heads to look and saw another thirty flying chariots speeding towards them from the horizon. The person who had shouted was standing on the flying chariot at the very front. He wore cotton clothing and had a square face. He was the invigilator in charge of the Trial of Blood and Fire, Zhong Ming.
Zhong Ming jumped down from the flying chariot and walked towards Luo Zheng with thunderous steps. He asked loudly, "Who was fighting just now?"
"Replying invigilator, he was the one fighting!" Luo Peiran jumped out at just the right moment and pointed at Luo Zheng.
"It takes two hands to clap. Who was the other person?" Zhong Ming asked again.
"It was me." The tall descendant of the Wang Clan frankly admitted it.
Zhong Ming nodded and said, "Very good. Both of you are disqualified from the Trial of Blood and Fire!"
Luo Zheng's expression immediately became very ugly. If he was disqualified because of this, then he would be too wronged. "Invigilator, they were the ones who started it first. I was forced to fight back. Why are you disqualifying me?"
"If you dare to fight here, then you should be prepared to be kicked out of the Blue Cloud Sect!" Zhong Ming did not listen to Luo Zheng's explanation at all.
The tall descendant of the Wang Clan said, "Invigilator, I am already an inner disciple of the Blue Cloud Sect. I did not participate in this Trial of Blood and Fire."
"Inner disciple?" Zhong Ming asked, "Which peak are you from?"
"Replying invigilator, I am from Tianyi Peak." The descendant of the Wang Clan said again.
"Yes, your Tianyi Peak's Instructor Xu is also here. Since you are an inner disciple, 100 points will be deducted as punishment!" Zhong Ming quickly judged.
Hearing Zhong Ming's punishment, the Wang Clan descendant led by Wang Hengzhi all smiled. 100 points might be a huge sum of points for a grassroots person who had no one to rely on. However, it was nothing to the descendant of an aristocratic family.
Using 100 points to kick Luo Zheng out was what they wanted to see.
However, the thousand or so trial disciples all had unhappy expressions on their faces. This punishment was neither painful nor itchy. Zhong Ming was simply biased towards these landowning households.
At this time, the instructors of the thirty-three peaks had all arrived at the scene in flying chariots.
After these trial disciples passed the Trial of Blood and Fire, the instructors of the thirty-three peaks of the Blue Cloud Sect would accept them into their peaks based on their results and performance.
For the better development of their respective peaks, all of the instructors naturally followed the principle of selecting the best disciples and bringing them into their peaks.
Luo Zheng was extremely unwilling at this moment. He felt that this invigilator was clearly biased towards him, so he decided to argue with reason. "Invigilator, I really didn't make the first move just now. So many people here saw it. Isn't it unfair for you to punish me like this?"
"Unfair? Let me ask you, did you make a move just now? "Zhong Ming asked expressionlessly.
"Yes!" Luo Zheng spoke the truth.
"Then that's enough! You don't need to say anymore. Hand over your disciple token! Get out of the Blue Cloud Sect! "Zhong Ming waved his hand and extended it in front of Luo Zheng.
Luo Zheng took two steps back and said sternly, "Invigilator, your punishment is too unfair. Let alone me, the thousand or so trial disciples present also refuse to accept it!"
Zhong Ming didn't expect that a trial disciple would dare to speak so much to him and even dare to question him. He said furiously, "How dare you!"
He raised his hand and was about to slap Luo Zheng.
Zhong Ming didn't use any cultivation method for this slap, but he had already stepped into the Xiantian Realm for many years. His strength had broken through the limits of the physical body.
Facing this slap, Luo Zheng's expression changed abruptly. Even if his body was comparable to a Xuan Weapon and could dissolve most of the strength, he didn't have the Indestructible Body of Vajra. This strength had far exceeded the limits of his body. If he was hit by this slap, even if he didn't die, he would be seriously injured.
But at this moment, a clear voice rang out. "Zhong Ming, what are you doing?"
When Luo Zheng and Zhong Ming heard this voice, they both looked over and saw a beautiful woman in a jade-green dress standing not far away.
Luo Zheng remembered this jade-green dress woman. After passing the sea test yesterday, he had seen her.
When Zhong Ming saw her, his lion-like angry face immediately calmed down. He tried to use a calm tone and said, "Nothing much. I'm just teaching a trial disciple who didn't follow the rules a lesson."
Zhong Ming knew very well how troublesome this jade-green dress woman in front of him was. He didn't want to be caught by this woman even if he was beaten to death. On second thought, he wanted to downplay this matter and let it pass.
In fact, Instructor Su had seen everything that had just happened. If Zhong Ming had hit another trial disciple, she would have let it go. Even if she was full of energy every day, she wouldn't go around poking her nose into other people's business.
But Zhong Ming just happened to target Luo Zheng.
Luo Zheng had been reserved by Instructor Su. She had already seen Luo Zheng as the biggest dark horse among the disciples recruited this year. How could he be kicked out of the Blue Cloud Sect by Zhong Ming just like that? This was something that Instructor Su would never allow to happen.
"Didn't follow the rules? What rules did he not follow? "Instructor Su asked again.
"Fighting with people here has already violated the rules of the Blue Cloud Sect," Zhong Ming's voice was two notches lower. He could hear that this mentor Su was clearly looking for trouble.
"I didn't fight with anyone. They attacked me first and I was forced to fight back!" Luo Zheng seized this opportunity to defend himself.
Zhong Ming's face changed. He wanted to fight with Luo Zheng again, but Instructor Su's cold voice sounded behind Zhong Ming, "Zhong Ming, as an invigilator, you have to distinguish between right and wrong. Why don't you even give this trial disciple the right to argue? Could it be that you have a guilty conscience? "
Hearing Instructor Su's cold voice, Zhong Ming immediately knew that he was in trouble. This great aunt was angry. He understood that he couldn't cover up today's matter. He could only smile and say, "Instructor Su, I don't have a guilty conscience. It's just a small matter …"
"A small matter. Let him speak clearly! This trial disciple, what do you think is going on? "Instructor Su asked.
"It's them!" Luo Zheng pointed at Wang Hengzhi and Luo Peiran's group and said, "They came to provoke me for no reason. One of them rushed over and hit me. I was forced to fight back!"
Zhong Ming sneered and said, "Kid, this is your side of the story. Who here dares to prove it to you?"
The scene suddenly became quiet. Wang Hengzhi revealed a faint smile, and Luo Peiran laughed proudly. Landowning households naturally wouldn't offend Wang Hengzhi over such a trivial matter. As for the thousand or so trial disciples who came from the grassroots, who would dare to stand out and prove it?
It was just as they thought. Although this matter happened in front of everyone's eyes, and the thousand trial disciples were still quite indignant, not a single one dared to stand out.
If they stood out now, they would offend Wang Hengzhi to death. Who among the grassroots present would dare to stand out? Did they think that their lives were too long?

Chapter 24
At this time, Mo Can suddenly came out from the crowd, saying in a clear voice, "I saw it with my own eyes, it was those noble children who came up to provoke and cause trouble, and he was the one who hit Luo Zheng first!"
Mo Can was very nervous at this time. As a citizen of the imperial capital, he was more aware of the terror of the noble families than those grassroots people. Even the weakest noble family had a background that ordinary families could not compare to. But at this moment, Mo Can did not hesitate too much.
Seeing Mo Can stop at this time, Luo Zheng was touched and even a little ashamed. Yesterday he almost failed the sea test because of him, and now he came forward to testify for him. This clearly offended the Wang family.
With Mo Can taking the lead, the other trial disciples also started to chime in.
They also hated unfairness, but now that Mo Can had come forward to shoulder the hatred of the Wang family, they were very willing to crusade against this unfairness.
"Yeah, these landowning households' disciples are too unreasonable!"
"It was clearly them who started it first!"
"That's right, that's right!"
Many trial disciples were shouting together. The faces of Wang Hengzhi's group of noble children suddenly darkened, and the tall Wang family disciple stared at Mo Can, as if he wanted to swallow Mo Can.
But now that so many mentors were here, they did not dare to do anything.
Mentor Su blinked his eyes and said, "In this case, the matter is very clear. Since they started it first, then they should be punished. Which peak is the disciple that hit them?"
"It's an inner disciple of Greater One Peak." Zhong Ming also did not want to get involved in this matter, and could only answer like this. "I have decided to deduct 100 points as punishment."
"Greater One Peak? Mentor Xu! The inner disciples of your peak caused trouble for no reason, hit people, according to the sect rules, how do you punish them? "Mentor Su did not want this matter to be resolved so easily, turned his head and asked loudly.
Mentor Xu walked out from the 33 mentors, glancing at the disciple below his peak. "According to the sect rules, they should be deducted 1000 points!"
The tall Wang Family disciple's mouth twitched. He didn't mind losing 100 points, but losing 1000 points was a little painful. The points in the Blue Cloud Sect were very useful. Whether it was for cultivation or for secret manuals, they all needed to be exchanged with points.
However, there was only one way to earn points. One way was to complete the missions issued by the Blue Cloud Sect. The other way was to spend money to buy them. At first, one square crystal could be exchanged for one point. Over the past few years, the price had increased. Now, two square crystals were needed to exchange for one point.
Although this Wang Clan descendant was a landowning household, the Wang Clan was a large landowning household with countless descendants. He was not a core descendant of the clan.
A thousand points were equivalent to two thousand square crystals, which was a huge sum for him.
Instructor Su smiled and said to Instructor Xu, "This punishment is very good. We'll deal with it as such!"
Instructor Xu nodded. In fact, he was very angry. He thought to himself, 'Good my ass. If I don't punish you like this, you'll make trouble for me again. It'll be endless. But I'm happy to do it myself …'
After dealing with this matter, Instructor Su walked in front of Luo Zheng and said, "I found that there's something wrong with your disciple card. Can I have a look?"
Luo Zheng was a little puzzled when he heard this. What could be wrong with his disciple card? However, this mentor had helped him. She was beautiful and sweet, so there shouldn't be any reason for her to harm him. Thus, Luo Zheng simply handed over his disciple card.
Instructor Su took it with her lily-white hands. After looking at it carefully, she returned the disciple card to Luo Zheng and said with a smile, "Okay, I was wrong. There shouldn't be any problems!"
This action baffled Luo Zheng for a while, but he didn't think too much about it at this time. To be able to smoothly proceed with the Trial of Blood and Fire was already a blessing to him. He hoped that there wouldn't be any more accidents.
Then Zhong Ming stood in the middle of the crowd and began to announce the rules of the Trial of Blood.
"The rules of the Trial of Blood are very simple. When you kill a mirage beast, you will be able to obtain a crystal fragment at the same time. The Blood Colored Mountain is divided into five regions. The outermost region has rank 1 mirage beasts, and after killing them, you will be able to obtain green crystal fragments. The second layer has rank 2 mirage beasts, and after killing them, you will be able to obtain yellow crystal fragments. The third layer has rank 3 mirage beasts, and after killing them, you will obtain blue crystal fragments. The fourth layer has purple crystal fragments, and the fifth layer has black crystal fragments."
"You need to accumulate 100 pieces of green crystal fragments to pass the test. You only need 30 pieces of yellow crystal fragments, 10 pieces of blue crystal fragments, three pieces of purple crystal fragments, and one piece of black crystal fragment."
Luo Zheng listened attentively to the rules of the Blood Red Mountain. It seemed that killing the phantom beasts in the outermost area was the easiest because they were only level one. However, killing a hundred level one phantom beasts was a bit too much. As for the most powerful level five phantom beast, you only need to kill one and obtain a black crystal fragment to pass the trial. However, level five phantom beasts were too strong. Ordinary people weren't their opponents at all.
"Everyone, please pay attention. Everything that happens on the Blood Red Mountain is an illusion. However, you will also be injured and feel pain. You will also die! However, these are all illusions. After you 'die', you will be sent down the Blood Red Mountain and lose the right to participate in the Trial of Blood! You only have one chance. Please take advantage of it! " After Zhong Ming finished speaking, he waved his hand and said, "You can go up the mountain now. According to the rules, landowning households will go up the mountain first!"
It was the privilege of landowning households again!
Under these rules, those who went up the mountain first would definitely have an advantage. Unfortunately, the rules were set by the people of the Blue Cloud Sect, and the Blue Cloud Sect was inextricably linked to the landowning clans and even the Burning Sky Palace. Therefore, although many grassroots were unhappy, they couldn't say anything.
At this time, a landowning household child asked, "Can I bring my guards up the mountain?"
"Of course not!" When this question was asked, Zhong Ming didn't know whether to laugh or cry. If one could bring helpers up the Blood Red Trial, then everyone wouldn't need to participate in the Trial of Blood Red Trial. They could just casually bring a few experts and easily pass. Was this still considered a Trial of Blood Red Trial?
Wang Hengzhi said to the two people from his family who were participating in the Trial of Blood Red Trial, "Wang Qing, Wang Lan, remember the appearance of those two people. When we go up the mountain, find an opportunity to make a move."
The two nodded and said to Wang Hengzhi, "Seventh young master, don't worry. We will definitely make them roll down the Blood Red Mountain first."
Wang Hengzhi nodded and then said, "At the crucial moment, you can use the killing weapon bestowed by your family. Do you understand?"
"But seventh brother, there is only one killing weapon. If we use it, it will be gone …" One of them hesitated.
The Wang family was a family of skilled craftsmen. Their family produced many skilled craftsmen. Wang Dai, one of the three great master craftsmen of the current dynasty, was a member of the Wang family.
Because of this, the Wang family children all had a life-saving treasure called the 'killing weapon.' This treasure was extremely powerful. When released at the crucial moment, it could turn the situation around. However, each family child only had one and it was extremely precious. Therefore, the two didn't want to use the killing weapon to kill Luo Zheng.
Moreover, on the Blood Red Mountain, they couldn't really kill anyone. Even if they killed Luo Zheng, it would only be equivalent to driving him down the mountain.
"Don't worry, I will help you apply for another killing weapon!" Wang Hengzhi was a direct descendant of the family. His status was naturally much higher than Wang Qing and Wang Lan. To them, the killing weapon was extremely precious, but to Wang Hengzhi, it was an ordinary item.
"Brother Hengzhi, I never expected that a family matter of mine would make you spend so much effort on it." Luo Peiran said from the side.
Wang Hengzhi laughed faintly. "Peiran, this is just a small matter. Moreover, my big brother still wants to ask you to write a few more letters to Purgatory Mountain, to say some good things about him!"
"That is something I should do. My little sister's nature is just a bit stubborn. If she can think things through in the future, if she can marry into your Wang Family, then it can be considered one of her greatest blessings." Luo Peiran said.
Fortunately, the two of them were relatively far from Luo Zheng. If Luo Zheng heard their conversation, he might directly fight it out with Luo Peiran!
In reality, Luo Yan had always stayed in Blue Cloud Sect's Purgatory Mountain. Even now, he still didn't know about the unforeseen events that happened in his family, let alone that his father had already been killed.

Chapter 25
After the landowning households went up the mountain, it was the turn of the one thousand or so trial disciples.
There were more than ten paths to the south of Blood Red Mountain. All the trial disciples spread out and climbed up those paths.
Luo Zheng walked at the back of the group without saying a word. He felt a little uneasy. It wasn't that he was afraid of Wang Hengzhi and the Wang family, but he couldn't figure out why Wang Hengzhi was willing to help Luo Peiran.
Although Luo Peiran had the support of the Luo family behind him, a family in Chongyang County was like an ant in the imperial capital. They were nothing. Wang Hengzhi would not be interested in anything from Luo Peiran.
What was the reason? Luo Zheng couldn't figure it out.
Just as he was thinking, he suddenly saw a colorful belt of light appear on the mountain path ahead. The belt of light was erratic, like a dream or a fantasy, like the gate to a fairyland.
"This is the outermost illusory array. After passing through this belt of light, the real Trial of Blood Red will begin." After a trial disciple finished speaking, he walked forward. Then his body strangely disappeared into the belt of light. Seeing this, the other trial disciples followed suit.
Luo Zheng didn't hesitate. He stepped into the belt of light, and the surrounding scenery suddenly changed!
"This is the illusory array?"
From the outside, the entire Blood Red Mountain was blood-red. It was very monotonous. But after entering the illusory array, the scenery inside instantly changed.
Whether it was the tall trees on the mountain or the short bushes, the colors became rich. Although everyone knew that these scenes were actually illusions created by the large illusory array activated by the red fantasy gravel.
But when you touched the trees and bushes, whether it was the touch or the smell, they were vivid and lifelike, no different from the real thing.
Luo Zheng had just taken two steps when he heard the howl of a wild beast. Then he heard the sound of fierce fighting. Not far away, someone had encountered an illusory beast.
He lightened his footsteps and walked into the forest. He saw three people besieging a level one illusory beast.
A level one illusory beast's strength was low. Whether it was strength or attack, it was only equivalent to the Bone Refining Stage. The three people's strength wasn't bad either. They had all stepped into the Viscera Refining Stage. Under the siege of the three people, the illusory beast was quickly killed.
When the illusory beast's body fell to the ground, it turned into a colorful light. It floated up and slowly disappeared in the air.
And a green crystal fragment was left on the ground.
"Haha, this Green Crystal Shard is mine!" Someone rushed over and grabbed the shard in his hand.
"Why should I give it to you? I also helped just now. "The other person was not willing to back down.
"In that case, we'll depend on our strength, if you can take it!"
Just a moment ago, the three of them were working together to kill the Demonic Beasts. Now, they were arguing over a single piece of green crystal.
.'s level one illusory beast was the weakest level one illusory beast............................ illusory beast illusory beast.....
The first level of the Blood Red Mountain had the weakest phantasmal beasts, so most people could handle them. Therefore, most people were not willing to take the risk of entering the second level. As a result, there were too many monks and too little porridge. As soon as a phantasmal beast appeared, there would be people rushing to kill it.
For the sake of the Green Crystal Fragments, many people had already started fighting with each other.
................................................................................................
. Soon. He stepped into the second illusory realm of the Blood Red Mountain.
Compared to the first illusory realm, the second illusory realm had fewer people. The second illusory beast was equivalent to the Viscera Refining Stage. It was suitable for people with some strength to challenge.
Luo Zheng had just wandered around twice when he passed by a lush forest. Suddenly, he heard a sharp cry in his ear.
Luo Zheng looked up and saw a Maned Demon Monkey hanging from a big tree. The Demon Monkey's eyes glowed red as it stared at Luo Zheng.
He had seen pictures of this kind of monstrous monkey in books. This kind of monstrous monkey was a kind of monstrous beast in the oasis of the Western Regions. He did not expect that in this illusion array, this kind of monstrous beast would be illusory. The background of the Blue Cloud Sect was really deep. They actually had such a wide range of illusionary array masters.
The Maned Demon Monkey let out a few strange cries at Luo Zheng. Suddenly, its belly caved in and expanded. The long and hard manes on its belly were like steel needles. They rained down on Luo Zheng.
Luo Zheng's reaction wasn't slow either. He sprinted forward almost instantaneously. At the same time, he punched a tree and used the force to leap twenty feet into the air. He reached out his hand to grab the monkey demon.
The Maned Demon Monkey was extremely nimble. It swung around the tree and nimbly avoided Luo Zheng's grab. It then jumped from tree to tree.
Seeing that the Maned Demon Monkey was about to escape, Luo Zheng's competitive spirit was aroused. He didn't believe that he couldn't deal with a Level Two Phantom Beast.
Then, Luo Zheng followed the Maned Demon Monkey. The Maned Demon Monkey's attack power wasn't that strong. Its main attack was its mane, which was as hard as steel needles. However, Luo Zheng's body was as hard as a Xuan Weapon. He could completely ignore the mane's attack.
The key point was that this Demon Monkey was too good at circling around. It moved around in the forest and was very slippery. There were a few times when Luo Zheng wanted to catch the monkey, but the Demon Monkey strangely rolled away and slipped away from his hands.
After chasing like this for a while, Luo Zheng saw the situation in front of him clearly. He took the lead and rushed forward. He spread out his arms and hit a big tree in front of him!
"Fall for me!"
The big tree, which was as thick as a person's arm, suddenly broke into two from the middle under Luo Zheng's fierce hit. Then, it collapsed to the ground with a loud crash.
At this moment, the Demon Monkey jumped up. It was about to jump onto the tree, but Luo Zheng smashed the tree first. The Maned Demon Monkey had no tree to rely on and could only fall towards Luo Zheng obediently.
Luo Zheng had a smile on his face. This time, he couldn't escape anymore.
However, the moment the Maned Demon Monkey got close to Luo Zheng, its red eyes revealed a hint of ruthlessness. It let out a squeaking sound. Then, its whole body turned red and the mane all over its body stood up.
Luo Zheng, who discovered the abnormality, suddenly felt a sense of danger. He used his hands to protect his head, but his feet kept retreating.
Before he could take two steps back, the Maned Demon Monkey's body suddenly doubled in size and rapidly expanded.
"Bang!"
The Maned Demon Monkey's body suddenly exploded, making a violent explosion sound. A huge pit was formed in the ground, and the mane on its body borrowed the force of the explosion to scatter in all directions.
The Maned Demon Monkey's mane needles were extremely powerful. Many mane needles penetrated Luo Zheng's skin and nailed to his body.
"I didn't expect a Level Two Phantom Beast to be so powerful when it goes all out." This power was completely out of Luo Zheng's expectations. He clicked his tongue in wonder and pulled out the mane needles on his body one by one. If he hadn't run fast enough, he would have been injured by the Maned Demon Monkey's explosion at close range.
Although the classification of Phantom Beasts was similar to that of humans, many Phantom Beasts could explode with innate power that humans couldn't compare to when faced with a survival crisis.
After dealing with the steel needles on his body, Luo Zheng walked towards the huge pit and found a yellow crystal fragment in the middle of the pit. Only thirty yellow crystal fragments were needed to pass the assessment. Compared to green crystal fragments, the number needed was much less.
It was just that the Phantom Beasts he faced were relatively more powerful.
Just as Luo Zheng was about to put away the yellow crystal fragment, a voice suddenly sounded.
"Put down the fragment and get out of here quickly!"
Hearing this, Luo Zheng frowned. He turned around and saw three people. Judging by their attire, Luo Zheng judged that these three people were nobles. They might even be from the same family. Only nobles would dare to rob in such an unreasonable way.
"This is the Phantom Beast I killed. The fragment naturally belongs to me. Why should I put it down?" Luo Zheng asked.
One of the nobles said, "Be sensible and don't talk nonsense! If you anger our Fang family, you won't have the chance to regret it. "
"My brother is right. Learn from the mistakes of others. Those who don't listen to our Fang family will all die miserably!" Another nobles said.
"Hand over the fragment or die. Choose one!" The last nobles said.
Luo Zheng held the yellow crystal fragment in his hand. His face showed no signs of impatience. In fact, the various novelties he saw in the Imperial Capital made him feel relaxed and happy. Only these nobles made him speechless.
Not to mention the strength of these nobles, the degree of their arrogance was outrageous. In Luo Zheng's view, this kind of arrogance had reached the level of blindness.
Perhaps it was the halo that surrounded them since they were young that made them forget that it was their family that was feared by others, not by them.
Therefore, Luo Zheng put the fragment in his pocket and prepared to leave without looking back. He didn't want to waste his breath on these guys.
However, the three nobles obviously wouldn't let him go. They quickly rushed out and formed a triangle, pouncing on Luo Zheng.
These three probably thought that since they were in the Marrow Refining Realm, it would be a simple matter for them to eat Luo Zheng, who was in the Viscera Refining Realm.
However, in Luo Zheng's view, these three were too slow. At a glance, he could tell that they had been trained with medicinal pills since childhood. They lacked actual combat and tempering. The flaws in their movements were too big.
At this moment, Luo Zheng's back was facing the three of them. Just as the three of them pounced on him, he took a step back and easily avoided their attacks. At the same time, he circled around them at lightning speed and reached out to grab the back of their necks.
"Let go of me. If you dare touch me, the Fang family will turn your bones to dust!"
"Since childhood, no one has dared to grab me like this. I won't forgive you even if I cut you to pieces!"
The two were flustered. They didn't think that they would be so weak. In front of Luo Zheng, they didn't even have the strength to fight back. However, they still displayed the true colors of nobles. Even if they were grabbed by the neck, they could still spit out such a mess of vicious words. This could be considered one of their great instincts.
Hearing these nobles' words, Luo Zheng sneered. He gathered strength in his arms and fiercely slammed the two's heads together.
"Clang!"
Under such a violent collision, the two of them "died". Just like the demon beast that Luo Zheng had just killed, their bodies slowly disappeared, and little bits of light wrapped around them.
If they were outside of the Blood Red Mountain's illusory formation, their heads would've been smashed like watermelons. They would've died for sure.
Fortunately, this was the Blood Red Mountain Trial. Strictly speaking, everyone was an "illusion" compared to others. Therefore, they weren't injured. Instead, they were wrapped in light. When the people outside of the Blood Red Mountain transported them out, these two would be considered eliminated.
The Blue Cloud Sect's original intention in designing the "Blood Red Mountain Trial" was actually this. The opponents in the Blood Red Mountain were not only illusory beasts, but also opponents.
Using the illusory formation, they could effectively avoid death.
After the two nobles were eliminated, the remaining one's face was still full of fear. His previous rampant and arrogant attitude had been swept away. He took a few steps back, but his mouth was still muttering: "Our Fang family … Our Fang family …"
"If you don't want to be eliminated, then hand over all the crystal fragments. No matter how powerful your Fang family is, no matter how big your reputation is, it can't save you now!" Luo Zheng said coldly and took a step towards him.
That nobles from the Fang family didn't say anything. After throwing out a handful of crystal fragments, he ran away …
Luo Zheng shook his head helplessly. He was too lazy to rob others, but there were a lot of people who wanted to come to his door.
He collected the crystal fragments. Among them, there were twenty green crystal fragments and seven yellow crystal fragments!
It seemed that the robbery came quickly. Luo Zheng was a little tempted. Compared to killing one illusory beast at a time, the efficiency of robbing was obviously much higher.
However, he quickly gave up this plan. The ultimate goal of the Blood Red Mountain Trial was still to train.
Although there were shortcuts to take, Luo Zheng would never give up the opportunity to train himself. Of course, if some ignorant guys came to find him, he naturally wouldn't let them go.
＝＝＝＝＝

Chapter 26
Luo Zheng didn't know that, at that moment, there was someone outside Blood Red Mountain with an ugly expression.
On the flat ground outside Blood Red Mountain, all of the mentors were standing guard beside a letter tablet, constantly observing the performance of the disciples on Blood Red Mountain.
After the trial was over, the disciples would be assigned according to their results and rankings. But according to the rules, the disciples who passed the Trial of Blood Red had one chance to choose.
These mentors would observe as early as possible to make a rough assessment of the disciples participating in the Trial of Blood Red Mountain. That way, they would know what to expect.
Every disciple that participated in the Trial of Blood and Fire had a Disciple Badge. Through that Disciple Badge, they were able to track each person.
Fang Yan's expression was very ugly. He was a Nine Dragon Peak mentor, but he was also a member of the landowning Fang family.
This time, the Fang family had a total of four people participating in the Trial of Blood Red Mountain. The family had already notified him, requesting that all four of them successfully pass.
Compared to those ordinary disciples who passed the trial, the passing rate of the landowning children was actually very high.
Out of more than a thousand trial disciples, only about two hundred would pass the Trial of Blood Red Mountain.
And out of the two hundred landowning children, one hundred seventy or eighty would pass!
The reason was that most of the ordinary trial disciples had a kind of fear of the landowning children. They were afraid of the families behind the landowning children, and under normal circumstances, they didn't dare to rashly offend them.
So, although there were many trial disciples, most of them had the fate of "accompanying the crown prince to study".
Before participating in the Trial of Blood Red Mountain, Fang Yan had returned to the Fang family and solemnly promised that all four of them would pass the Trial of Blood Red Mountain.
But just now, two of the four had already been defeated.
At that moment, two beams of light shot out from Blood Red Mountain, straight into the sky. The person in charge of the trial had already stepped onto the flying chariot, heading forward to bring back the two Fang family children who had been eliminated.
Through the letter tablet, he had already seen the scene that had just occurred. That damned brat had acted so viciously, directly smashing the heads of the two Fang family children to death. If they hadn't been in the illusory array, the two Fang family juniors would have really been killed by that guy.
"What an audacious brat!"
It had been a long time since a trial disciple dared to treat a noble family disciple like this. Normally, when a noble family disciple failed the Trial of Blood and Fire, it was either due to internal strife between noble family disciples. There were also those who were overly confident in their own strength and went to challenge the high-level mirage beasts on the fourth and fifth floor. However, they were rarely eliminated by those trial disciples who were born in the grassroots.
Fang Yazhi wanted to search for that brat. He continuously manipulated the letter tablet, wanting to find that brat from the information of over a thousand people. Not long after, he found his name — Luo Zheng.
But when he tried to use the disciple card to switch to Luo Zheng's image, something strange happened.
The image on the jade tablet was blurry.
Could it be that Xingui was broken? Fang Yanzhi thought to himself in bewilderment. He switched to the images of the other trial disciples, and Xin Kei immediately returned to normal.
What was going on?
What Fang Yanzhi didn't know was that he wasn't the only one who had encountered this problem.
Some mentors kept switching the images to monitor the situation of each examinee. But when they accidentally jumped to Luo Zheng, they realized that the image on the jade tablet couldn't be displayed.
However, these mentors didn't pay too much attention to it. They had many examinees to pay attention to, and they didn't lack one.
However, out of the 33 mentors present, only one person was able to track Luo Zheng. That person was Mentor Su.
Mentor Su's charming face had a mischievous smile. She was staring intently at the jade tablet, and Luo Zheng's image was displayed on the jade tablet.
Earlier, when she used the excuse of checking the disciple cards, she had tampered with Luo Zheng's disciple card. Now, among all the mentors, no one except her could see Luo Zheng's performance.
As long as this was the case, no one would pay too much attention to Luo Zheng.
But someone should have noticed the battle just now, right? Mentor Su was still a little nervous. Others couldn't track Luo Zheng, but they could observe this scene through other people.
She hoped that the kid would obediently gather enough crystals to pass the trial and stop fighting with others. But then again, those landowning household disciples were really annoying. They were always stirring up trouble. Mentor Su curled her lips helplessly.
Things wouldn't develop as Mentor Su expected.
Fang Yanzhi was already filled with rage at the fact that two of his disciples had been eliminated. There were a total of four people from the Fang family participating in the Trial of Blood and Fire. Three of them were branch family disciples and were relatively weak. However, one of them was a direct descendant. He was the third son of the Fang family head. His name was Fang Yushu. He had outstanding talent and was very strong.
He used the jade tablet to connect it to Fang Yushu's disciple card and transmitted his voice over.
This was against the rules of the Trial of Blood and Fire, but Fang Yanzhi couldn't care less now.
"Yushu, Zhen 'er and Ping' er have both been eliminated! Someone was ruthless to them, "Fang Yanzhi whispered to Xin Kei.
"What? Who dares to lay a hand on the Fang family? " Fang Yushu was currently moving quickly in the third level of the illusion realm. Behind him, there were six level three mirage beasts tailing him. However, he wasn't the least bit flustered and was even calmly chatting with Fang Yanzhi.
"It's a kid called Luo Zheng! He doesn't know the immensity of heaven and earth. He actually dared to lay a hand on Zhen 'er and the others, "Fang Yanzhi said hatefully. The reason why he was so angry was because Zhen' er was his nephew. In the huge Fang family, Zhen 'er was the closest person to him.
In comparison, as a direct descendant, Fang Yushu wasn't that close to Fang Yanzhi by blood.
"I know. Where is that kid now?" Fang Yushu asked.
"I'll give you his location. He's still in the second level!" Although Fang Yanzhi couldn't see Luo Zheng's image, he could still check Luo Zheng's location.
"Mm, that's enough. I'll deal with the mirage beasts behind me and get rid of him," Fang Yushu said coldly. In fact, in Fang Yushu's heart, the stupid pigs in the family didn't even have the right to enter the Blue Cloud Sect. If they were eliminated, so be it. It wasn't a big deal.
However, these stupid pigs also had the surname Fang. Anyone who dared to challenge the Fang family's prestige would have to pay the price.
"Yushu, that guy's strength shouldn't be weak. If you can't beat him, you can consider swallowing the 'Arcane State Pill'!" Fang Yanzhi advised.
The Fang family was a family of alchemists. Their family had produced many famous alchemists. The Arcane State Pill was a priceless pill that could forcefully raise one's cultivation level by a level in a short period of time. It could greatly increase one's strength at a critical moment.
However, this pill could only be used by people below the Xiantian stage. It was also very difficult to refine, so even Fang Yushu only had one on him.
"Uncle Yanzhi, you're doubting my strength," Fang Yushu said coldly. He was the son of the head of the family. Even if Fang Yanzhi was now a teacher in the Blue Cloud Sect, his status couldn't be compared to Fang Yanzhi's. Therefore, Fang Yushu didn't have much respect for Fang Yanzhi.
Just as Fang Yushu finished speaking, he stomped his feet and his body flew horizontally. He spun twice in the air, and the short dagger in his hand drew a bright blue line in the air.
The mirage beasts that had been chasing him were instantly cut in half when they came into contact with the long line. They turned into specks of light and slowly dissipated in the air.
Six level 3 mirage beasts were killed in one move.
Seeing this, Fang Yanzhi's heart thumped. He realized that he had said something wrong. With Fang Yushu's strength, his future was limitless. He naturally had to curry favor with him. Therefore, he laughed softly and said, "I'm overthinking. Yushu's strength is outstanding. Today on Blood Mountain, you're invincible."
Hearing Fang Yanzhi's words, Fang Yushu expressionlessly walked in the direction he was pointing.
At this time, Luo Zheng continued to walk deeper into Blood Mountain after killing two level 2 mirage beasts. However, not long after, an expression of not knowing whether to laugh or cry appeared on his face.
In front of him stood about 20 landowning households. These guys had actually set up a roadblock in front of him. Anyone who wanted to pass through this roadblock had to hand over all their crystal shards.

Chapter 27
Countless elixirs, all kinds of top-notch cultivation methods, and even inherited the excellent bloodline of their family elders.
Most of the gentry children were born with advantages that ordinary people couldn't compare to.
But because of their special status, a considerable number of hedonistic children lived an extravagant life every day. Relying on the cultivation of elixirs, they had a high cultivation base, but their strength was incomparably low.
Luo Zheng didn't think that all the gentry children were like this. Otherwise, the gentry families in the Imperial Capital wouldn't have been able to prosper for so long. There must be many children among the gentry families who not only had outstanding talent, but also worked hard and diligently.
The gentry children in front of him clearly belonged to the former.
This group of people didn't honestly hunt phantom beasts, but wanted to extort other people's crystal fragments. They were really too useless.
Moreover, their targets weren't the gentry children. Luo Zheng observed from the side. If any gentry children passed by, they would let them go without saying a word. But if there were trial disciples, they wouldn't let them go no matter what.
The Blue Cloud Sect didn't care about such blatant looting?
Luo Zheng didn't know that this wasn't the first time this group of people had done this. A few years ago, someone discovered that there was a path from the second level to the third level of the Blood Red Mountain. Some gentry children had an idea and gathered a group of people to block this path and collect a "toll".
At that time, the Blue Cloud Sect opened one eye and turned a blind eye.
When the gentry children saw that the Blue Cloud Sect was letting them go, this set of experience spread among them. Therefore, every time the Trial of Blood Red Mountain came, a group of gentry children would discuss in advance and block this path.
There weren't many phantom beasts on the first and second levels, and there were too many people fighting over them. Many people found that they couldn't complete the goal in the set time, so in order to pass the Trial of Blood Red Mountain, they would choose to go to the third level.
And before they reached the third level, they would take away all the crystal fragments in the hands of the trial disciples.
The trial disciples were either afraid of their numbers or their status, so most of them would obediently hand over their crystal fragments. Luo Zheng stood on the side for a while and saw a few trial disciples with good strength angrily but helplessly hand over their crystal fragments.
More trial disciples stood in the distance, their faces showing hesitation. They didn't know whether to hand over their crystal fragments to go to the third level or to retreat.
Of course, not all of the trial disciples who were born in the grassroots were so honest.
Luo Zheng stood on the side for a while and saw a two meter tall, strong man like an iron tower, carrying a giant sword as tall as a person walk towards the checkpoint.
The landowning household disciple noticed the brawny man and shouted, "Stop!"
The tower-like man's eyes widened. "What's the matter?"
"If you want to go through here, then you have to leave all your crystal fragments behind!" said a gentry child of the gentry children
The burly man's face darkened, and he looked at the group of landowning households in front of him and asked, "What's the meaning of this? Why should I give my things to you? Did the Blue Cloud Sect let you rob me like this? "
"Hehe, reason? We have more people. If you don't hand over your crystal fragments, don't even think about going through! "said another gentry child.
This tower-like man was obviously not the kind of person who was willing to suffer a loss. His dark face was already filled with rage. He took down the huge sword on his back and waved it in his hand like a windmill. "Bah! If you want me to hand over my crystal fragments, then call me grandpa three times. I'll see if I can reward you bunch of grandsons! I'll hack to death whoever dares to stop me! "
Luo Zheng stood not far away with a smile on his face. The strength of this strong man was not weak. This group of gentry children had finally met a tough nut to crack.
The strong man swung his giant sword and rushed towards the checkpoint. The strong man's strength was great, and the giant sword's momentum was even greater. When he swung it, the sound of the wind whistling could be heard. Just the wind around his face made him feel a faint pain.
Since this group of gentry children could do this kind of thing, they couldn't be too strong.
Faced with the strong man's reckless attack, the group of gentry children kept cursing, but they all retreated to the sides, revealing a gap in the middle.
When the trial disciples who were still hesitating saw the gap, their hearts suddenly jumped. Some of the more daring and quick-witted people took advantage of this opportunity and rushed over behind the strong man.
Seeing this scene, more trial disciples also joined the ranks.
The checkpoint formed by the gentry children had already collapsed. The trial disciples with deep resentment were like fish released from a sluice gate, rushing over like a swarm of bees. Seeing this, Luo Zheng also rushed over with the crowd.
When the twenty or so gentry children saw this scene, their faces were filled with extreme anger. They had never thought that such a situation would occur. They didn't expect that when they let one person pass, so many people would rush after him.
By the time they reacted, many trial disciples had already slipped past their checkpoint and entered the third floor of the Blood Red Mountain.
"Stop them for me!" One of the blue-clothed landowning households' disciples roared.
When the other gentry children saw this, they understood that they couldn't let anyone pass. Otherwise, everyone would run away.
It had to be said that although these gentry children weren't strong, they could still display a lot of power by relying on some weapons and magic treasures given by their families.
These gentry children quickly gathered around, wanting to block the gap and restore the checkpoint.
During this process, the trial disciples who followed the strong man also became ruthless. Faced with the attacks of the gentry children, they either fought back or were eliminated. At this time, everyone would erupt with a certain amount of strength.
Thus, a chaotic battle began.
"Ah!"
A trial disciple let out a blood-curdling scream. That trial disciple was besieged by three gentry children. One of the gentry children held a long sword shining with an emerald light and directly pierced the trial disciple's stomach.
Although everyone was in the illusory array and wouldn't suffer any real harm, the pain was real.
After a blood-curdling scream, that trial disciple was instantly surrounded by specks of light and was eliminated.
However, the gentry children weren't any better. One of them blocked the path of another trial disciple while charging forward. That trial disciple didn't have a shocking appearance, but he hid his strength very deeply. He gently pushed his palm and patted that gentry child.
With just a light pat, a strange force seemed to enter that gentry child's body. The gentry child's body began to twitch, tremble, and fall to the ground. In the blink of an eye, countless specks of light wrapped around him again. This gentry child was also eliminated.
Luo Zheng's footsteps were very light. Although there were many gentry children blocking him, he was like a sea swallow in a storm. He circled around those attacks and constantly dodged and moved forward.
He smoothly broke away from those gentry children's interception. After looking back at the chaotic scene, he prepared to leave. He didn't want to meddle in other people's business. His priority was to seize the time to accumulate crystal fragments.
At this time, he glanced at Mo Can in the crowd.
Mo Can was only in the Bone Refining stage. He should have just stayed on the first layer of Blood Red Mountain. Now, he actually wanted to rush to the third layer. This was something Luo Zheng didn't expect at all.
Fortunately, Mo Can's strength was relatively weak. He didn't receive too much attention and stumbled forward with difficulty.
However, a member of the landowning household noticed Mo Can and quietly followed behind him. The member of the landowning household was holding a dagger that was flickering with a bloody light. He was about to stab Mo Can's vital point in the back.
If this dagger was stabbed, Mo Can would definitely be eliminated on the spot.
At this critical moment, Luo Zheng suddenly sped up and rushed forward. He grabbed Mo Can and pulled him back.
Because of Luo Zheng's pull, that gentry child's dagger suddenly stabbed empty air.
Mo Can still didn't know what had happened. By the time he reacted, he realized that someone had stabbed him from behind.
Belatedly, he suddenly felt a burst of fear. With a face full of gratitude, he said: "Brother Luo Zheng, I …"
Luo Zheng didn't have time to listen to him. Because that gentry child flew into a rage out of humiliation. He raised his dagger and pounced at Luo Zheng. That dagger went straight for Luo Zheng's neck. The angle was very tricky and sinister. He was trying to kill him in one blow.
"Go to hell! Purple Sandalwood Inch Punch! "
Luo Zheng punched out and immediately smashed into that gentry child's chest. That gentry child tumbled to the ground with his dagger. His body instantly emitted seven soft sounds of explosions. Seven huge bloody holes appeared on his chest. After Luo Zheng's strength increased, the power of the Purple Sandalwood One-Inch Punch increased as well. The destructive power displayed by his strength in the opponent's body was quite terrifying.
Specks of light floated out and wrapped around that gentry child. With just one punch, this gentry child was eliminated.
At this time, this chaotic battle was nearing its end.
The trial disciples who should have rushed over had already rushed over, and those who didn't have time to rush over were basically eliminated.
Of course, many gentry children were also eliminated in this chaos. Out of more than twenty gentry children, there were now only a dozen or so left.
Those gentry children were very depressed at this time. According to the countless seniors who had used this method, this method of robbery was the easiest and simplest way to enter the Blue Cloud Sect.
Therefore, most of them felt that they could pass this Trial of Blood and Fire even if they were lying down. They didn't expect that one person would actually bring so many people to join in. The situation suddenly went out of control. More than ten of them were eliminated at once.
And at this time, Luo Zheng eliminated another gentry child.
Those gentry children were already very depressed and had no place to vent their anger. Luo Zheng suddenly became the target of public criticism.
"Run!"
Seeing those gentry children surround him, Luo Zheng directly threw Mo Can out.
"Kill this kid!"
"How infuriating! My cousin was actually eliminated!"
"I didn't expect that this lowly grass would dare to resist! Kill him! "
In their fury, the gentry children also lost their rationality. One by one, they rushed toward Luo Zheng like wolves pouncing on a tiger.
Half of these people were in the Viscera Refinement Realm, and the other half were in the Marrow Refinement Realm. They all held various kinds of powerful treasures in their hands. Any one of these treasures was at least a mid-grade profound artifact.
Luo Zheng didn't panic. He knew that the more panicked he was, the more trouble he would be in.
His eyes narrowed like a cat's, and his gaze carefully locked onto the blue-clothed gentry child.
Just as these gentry children pounced on him, Luo Zheng did the opposite. He stuck close to the ground and suddenly drilled out, grabbing at the blue-clothed gentry child without any regard for his own safety.

Chapter 28
To be able to become the leader of this group of landowning households, the blue-clothed young master's strength was naturally not weak.
When he saw that Luo Zheng dared to rush towards him, the blue-clothed young master grinned hideously. His two fists turned into claws and directly grabbed at Luo Zheng.
"Azure Dragon Claws! Do you think you can run away? "
These claws were extraordinarily powerful. They were like dragon claws, baring their fangs and brandishing their claws towards Luo Zheng's head.
Luo Zheng's expression did not change. He suddenly leaned sideways and unexpectedly slipped through the gap between the blue-clothed young master's claws. Luo Zheng's shoulder bumped into the blue-clothed young master, and the blue-clothed young master fell to the ground with his head raised.
Luo Zheng's movements did not stop. The moment the blue-clothed young master fell to the ground, he flipped over and arrived behind the blue-clothed young master. He pressed his hand against the blue-clothed young master's neck and said in a deep voice: "Whoever dares to come over, I will eliminate him."
Seeing that the blue-clothed young master was restrained, all the landowning households' children stopped one by one.
This blue-clothed young master was the youngest son of the Family Zhuge. His name was Zhuge Hong. Since childhood, he had been resourceful and resourceful. Today's checkpoint was also organized by Zhuge Hong. He was the core figure of this group of landowning households' children.
At present, Zhuge Hong was under the opponent's control. As long as the opponent exerted a little force, Zhuge Hong would be eliminated. Therefore, no one dared to act rashly.
"Friend, if you let go of me, I can let you go." Zhuge Hong was also a person with a very good brain. Under Luo Zheng's coercion, he did not panic.
"Do you think I will believe your words?" Luo Zheng asked rhetorically. In terms of fists and feet, in fact, Luo Zheng could rely on his tyrannical body to kill his way out of here.
However, this group of landowning households' children basically had magical weapons in their hands. Some of them even had high-grade magical weapons. Although his body was as hard as a magical weapon, if he was stabbed by one of those magical weapons, his end would not be good. Therefore, holding this guy hostage was the safest way. "Tell these guys to disperse."
"My surname is Zhuge. Do you know?" Zhuge Hong said coldly.
Landowning households were also divided into ranks.
There were a total of more than thirty families in the Imperial Capital that were conferred the title of landowning households, but only seven of them were truly colossal.
They were the Wei River Pei Family, the Divine Needle Family Zhu, the Heavenly Dragon Huang Family, the Forbidden Yu Family, the Qilin Yun Family, the Forgotten River Meng Family, and the Divine Fortune Teller Family Zhuge.
The seven aristocratic families were the mainstays of the entire empire. They were the true aristocratic families.
Although Zhuge Hong was only a collateral descendant of the Family Zhuge, his status and future were much higher than the direct descendants of the other noble families!
This was also the reason why Zhuge Hong was so confident.
He thought that as long as he revealed his identity, no one would dare to touch him even if he stood there.
Unfortunately, his opponent was Luo Zheng.
To be honest, when Luo Zheng heard that his surname was Zhuge, he also felt a little scared.
The seven noble clans were the great clans that had established the empire together with the late emperor. It could be said that the history of the seven noble clans was as long as the empire's history.
And Luo Zheng was born in a small village. Even an ordinary noble family was a colossus to him, not to mention the seven noble clans.
"The Family Zhuge has such a great reputation. However, I'm sorry. I must pass this Trial of Blood and Fire. Tell them to move aside, or else … you're out!" As he spoke, Luo Zheng increased the strength of his hand by two points.
Zhuge Hong's face flushed red. Entering the Blue Cloud Sect to participate in the Trial of Blood and Fire was only a game for Zhuge Hong. This guy really didn't know the immensity of heaven and earth. Didn't he know the consequences of angering the Family Zhuge?
Feeling humiliated, Zhuge Hong instantly became furious. In any case, he was in the illusion array, so he wouldn't die. At worst, he could just participate again next month!
Thus, Zhuge Hong ignored Luo Zheng's hand that was strangling his neck and actually wanted to fight back.
Unfortunately, just as Zhuge Hong moved, Luo Zheng's hand gently twisted. Zhuge Hong's neck suddenly made a "crack" sound and was broken by Luo Zheng.
Without waiting for Zhuge Hong to truly die and be eliminated, Luo Zheng lifted Zhuge Hong's body and threw it towards the group of noble clans.
Those noble clans simply didn't expect that Luo Zheng would be so decisive. They only saw Zhuge Hong's body crash towards them and fall to the ground. Surrounded by little dots of light, they finally reacted. Zhuge Hong had already been eliminated …
In the time it took for them to be stunned, Luo Zheng had already broken through the encirclement of those noble clans and dashed towards the third level.
Those descendants of landowning households reacted, and naturally brandished their profound weapons, and chased after him in hot pursuit …
At the same time, a burst of cheers erupted outside the Blood Mountain.
"Beautiful!"
"This kid is calm in the face of danger. He has the demeanor of a great general!"
"Hey, what a cunning little guy."
Such a big commotion in the Blood Mountain attracted the attention of all the mentors early on.
At first, the mentors didn't pay attention to Luo Zheng. They were more attracted by the tower-like brawny man who was brandishing a big sword and taking the lead to break through the checkpoint.
However, after the tower-like brawny man rushed over, Luo Zheng turned around to save people. He kicked out a noble clans' descendant with a punch and then quickly surrounded Zhuge Hong. When Zhuge Hong tried to fight back, he decisively killed Zhuge Hong. He used Zhuge Hong's elimination to attract the attention of others while he himself escaped without a trace …
This series of actions attracted the attention of all the mentors.
These mentors quickly checked Luo Zheng's information. At the same time, they wanted to switch to Luo Zheng's image in the letter tablet.
At this time, they discovered that the image following Luo Zheng was blurry and couldn't be seen clearly.
"What's going on?" An impatient mentor immediately shouted at Zhong Ming. The Trial of Blood and Fire was under Zhong Ming's sole responsibility. They wanted to switch to Luo Zheng's body, but they couldn't see the scene they wanted to see. Naturally, they had to scold Zhong Ming.
"Zhong Ming, why can't we see this person's image? What's the problem? " Several mentors were also a little anxious. Previously, they could still observe Luo Zheng from other people's perspectives. However, now that Luo Zheng had run far away, they naturally couldn't see him.
Zhong Ming was also full of depression. Before the Blood Mountain Trial, whether it was the disciple token or the thousands of large and small illusory arrays on the Blood Mountain, they were all checked. It was almost impossible for there to be a problem. Moreover, in the past few decades, he had never encountered such a problem.
Why did a problem suddenly appear today?
Looking at the image on the letter tablet, only that brat's image was blurry. The problem must be with that brat. That brat's disciple token … Wait a minute.
Zhong Ming seemed to remember something. Before that brat set off, Mentor Su had checked that brat's disciple token. He finally understood that Mentor Su had tampered with that disciple token.
Just as Zhong Ming was about to open his mouth to speak, he suddenly felt a chill rush up his spine. This bone-chilling chill made him unable to move. He turned his head and saw Mentor Su looking at him with an icy gaze.
It seemed that as long as he spoke, she would kill him on the spot!
Thus, Zhong Ming abruptly swallowed the words he wanted to say back into his stomach …
Mentor Su's face was shrouded in a layer of cold air. In fact, she wasn't afraid that Zhong Ming would reveal that she had tampered with the disciple token. What annoyed her was that Luo Zheng had clearly passed through the checkpoint easily. Why did he return to save people?
It was because of saving people that he got into trouble. As a result, all the mentors had seen Luo Zheng's performance. Mentor Su knew that today's fierce battle was unavoidable. Although her status was high and her position was special, as a mentor of the 33 peaks, in order to fight for an outstanding disciple, she had always been willing to do anything.
Looking at Luo Zheng's agile figure running through the letter tablet, Mentor Su shook her head helplessly. She tried her best to recruit him into the Xiao Yufeng without batting an eyelid. However, this brat wasn't easy to deal with. He was the type of person who would feel uncomfortable if he didn't cause a scene.
Mentor Su clenched her teeth and whispered, "Brat, wait until I recruit you into the Xiao Yufeng. See how I torture you."
＝＝＝＝＝

Chapter 29
In one breath, Luo Zheng had run dozens of feet away. In front of him, there was a colorful belt of light, which was the entrance to the third layer. He didn't think much and plunged into the belt of light.
After passing through the belt of light, the scenery suddenly changed greatly.
The lush trees were gone, replaced by a bare hillside and a stone forest made up of rugged rocks. On the hillside, there were many deep holes, about ten feet in size, with black poisonous smoke coming out of the holes. There was no sign of life, as if it was a hopeless situation.
None of the disciples who had passed through the light belt had disappeared. Even Mo Can was nowhere to be found. He was probably afraid that the descendants of the landowning households would come after him through the light belt. Therefore, he had fled the moment he reached the third floor.
Luo Zheng climbed up the hillside in front of him and walked into the stone forest in front of him.
The crystal stone fragments in his hand were far from meeting the requirements, so he had to hurry up.
The phantom beasts in the third layer were relatively more difficult to deal with. The strength of these third-level phantom beasts was comparable to that of human warriors in the Marrow Refining Realm. Moreover, because phantom beasts were based on demonic beasts, they were generally stronger than humans at the same level.
Luo Zheng was vigilant, walking in the stone forest. Before he had taken two steps, he suddenly heard a hissing sound.
Something was following behind him.
The moment he heard the sound, Luo Zheng suddenly turned his head, but found nothing behind him except those rugged rocks.
Luo Zheng frowned, with a doubtful look on his face. Was he thinking too much?
After thinking for a while, he continued to walk forward. However, when he passed through a stone arch made of strange rocks, a black shadow suddenly shrouded him from the other side of the arch.
Luo Zheng was very vigilant. At this moment, his reaction speed was also very fast. At this critical moment, he suddenly lowered his body, crouching on the ground to avoid the black shadow, and at the same time rolled on the ground.
He saw a long tail behind the black shadow, which fiercely whipped the place where he had just been, creating a deep groove in the ground.
When Luo Zheng got up from the ground, he saw that in front of him was a jet-black third-level phantom beast, the Ground-Swallowing Python!
The Ground-Swallowing Python didn't succeed in its attack, so it suddenly fled, shuttling back and forth in the stone forest, looking for the next opportunity.
Facing a Ground-Swallowing Python, Luo Zheng didn't dare to be careless. He retreated a few steps, leaning his back against a stone to avoid the Ground-Swallowing Python attacking him from behind. Then his eyes constantly captured the phantom beast's figure. As long as the Ground-Swallowing Python lost its patience and attacked him from the front, Luo Zheng was sure he could give it a fatal blow.
What Luo Zheng didn't expect was that this Ground Devouring Python was very cunning. It circled around the stone forest at high speed, occasionally revealing its huge snake head to spit a few times at Luo Zheng, and then continued to move.
Luo Zheng didn't chase after it blindly.
This Ground-Swallowing Python's movement speed was very fast. If Luo Zheng chased after it, most likely he would reap without sowing. But phantom beasts were, after all, based on demonic beasts. Their biggest weakness was that they weren't as patient as humans. And Luo Zheng had plenty of patience to waste with this beast.
A man and a snake, after confronting each other in the stone forest for about half an hour, the Ground-Swallowing Python finally lost its patience and launched an attack at Luo Zheng.
That Ground-Swallowing Python was still circling behind Luo Zheng. It raised its tail, wanting to roll up Luo Zheng along with the stone.
Luo Zheng's power began to circulate. His whole body flashed with purple light. Facing this phantom beast, he only had one chance. If he couldn't kill this Ground-Swallowing Python, he was afraid it would run away with its tail between its legs. Therefore, Luo Zheng didn't resist. Instead, he let the phantom beast roll him up.
The rock behind him was quickly crushed and disintegrated under the great power of the Ground-Devouring Python, and Luo Zheng was firmly wrapped in it.
Luo Zheng was clear about the habits of snakes. After they rolled up their prey, as long as the prey breathed, they would contract their abdomen and roll it even tighter. Every time they breathed, they would roll it even tighter. Only when they knew the prey couldn't breathe and died of lack of oxygen would they start to devour the prey.
Before that, Luo Zheng took a deep breath.
He concentrated all his power on his arms and legs. After waiting quietly for a while, he used all his strength to break free.
"Rip!"
The Ground-Swallowing Python's bucket-sized snake body suddenly broke into several pieces and scattered in all directions. Only the eyes on the snake's head showed a horrified expression. In its memory, as long as the prey was rolled up by it, there was no way for it to escape. It thought it could eat to its heart's content.
But the sudden burst of power from this prey was far beyond the scope of what it could bear. Therefore, it was instantly torn into several pieces.
After the Ground-Swallowing Python's body broke into five or six pieces, it wriggled on the ground and then transformed into a little light.
"Ding ding!"
A Purple Crystal Fragment fell from the strange rock onto the ground, making a crisp and pleasant sound. To Luo Zheng, the third level was the most suitable place for him to hunt. He only needed to accumulate nine more Purple Crystal Fragments and he would be able to pass the Trial of Blood.
Luo Zheng picked it up, wiped it and put it into his pocket. Then, he found a direction and walked quickly.
He didn't plan to enter the fourth level. According to the strength of the phantom beasts in the Trial of Blood, the strength of the phantom beasts in the fourth level should be comparable to a half-step to Innate human. As they were phantom beasts, they should be stronger than humans based on their talents.
Although he only needed to kill three Level Four Mirage Beasts to pass the Trial of Blood, he had a headache when he thought about the strength that Xie Lang could unleash when his stamina was exhausted, let alone a Half-step to Innate Level Mirage Beast. Therefore, he dismissed this idea.
In fact, Luo Zheng's judgment was extremely correct.
In the Trial of Blood, most people would stay on the third level. Very few people would step on the fourth and fifth level. The phantom beasts there were too strong and it wasn't a place where the Trial Disciples could stay.
Luo Zheng wandered around the third level for six hours.
In these six hours, he had gained a lot.
First, he met a Sky Goblin Crow. That Sky Goblin Crow had been sneakily attacking Luo Zheng in mid-air. However, Luo Zheng couldn't do anything to this Sky Goblin Crow. Every time he wanted to attack the Sky Goblin Crow, it would distance itself from Luo Zheng.
In the end, Luo Zheng had no choice but to fall to the ground and pretend to be dead. He didn't expect that he would be right. This Sky Goblin Crow loved to eat corpses. The moment the Sky Goblin Crow got close to him, he killed it with a punch.
Then, another huge Ancient Mammoth came to find trouble with Luo Zheng. Facing such a huge and terrifying ancient beast, Luo Zheng relied on his agile body to kill it.
Three Headed Black Wolf …
Flame Dragon Beast …
Diamond Gorilla …
Overall, the phantom beasts on the third level were much stronger than those on the second level. However, for Luo Zheng, they were only slightly more troublesome. It wasn't too difficult to deal with them if he used his brain.
In these six hours, he had obtained a total of eight Purple Crystal Fragments.
Now, in front of Luo Zheng, there was a Blood Porcupine with a green face and sharp fangs charging at him.
This Blood Porcupine had poisonous thorns all over its body. Coupled with its thick skin and thick flesh, it was very difficult to deal with.
Fortunately, its intelligence was very low. Other than using brute force to charge at Luo Zheng, it didn't have any other way to attack.
Luo Zheng kept dodging, waiting for the Blood Porcupine's strength to be almost exhausted before dealing with it.
However, after dodging once, Luo Zheng suddenly felt an extremely dangerous feeling! Almost relying on instinct, he rolled to the side.
A long, bright blue line suddenly appeared at Luo Zheng's original position. The Blood Porcupine's reaction was very slow. As it charged at the long, bright blue line, it was instantly cut in half. It didn't even have time to scream before it disintegrated into countless specks of light. A Purple Crystal Fragment fell to the ground and made a tinkling sound.
Luo Zheng's face was ashen as he sized up the gradually disappearing bright blue line. This long line was unexpectedly sharp. If he had been just a little bit slower, he would have been cut in half by this bright blue line.
"This Purple Crystal Fragment is for you."
Not far away, a young man was playing with a dagger. At the tip of the dagger, a long, bright blue line kept appearing.
"Who are you?" Luo Zheng asked vigilantly. The attack just now was clearly aimed at him.
The young man casually said, "My surname is Fang. My name is Fang Yushu."
Luo Zheng's eyes flashed. He already understood seventy to eighty percent of the situation. Similarly, a descendant of a landowning household with the surname Fang. Furthermore, he attacked him without saying a word. He most likely came from the same family as the three people he met on the second floor.
Fang Yushu took out a handful of Purple Crystal Fragments from his bosom. They flowed from his hand and fell to the ground like broken jewels, making tinkling sounds.
Only ten pieces were needed to ensure that a trial disciple would pass the trial. However, there were actually dozens of Purple Crystal Fragments scattered on the ground!
Luo Zheng had been busy for so long and had only managed to gather nine Purple Crystal Fragments. This guy actually had so many.
"Fight with me and these Purple Crystal Fragments are all yours," Fang Yushu said coldly.
Luo Zheng shook his head and said, "I'm not interested."
What a joke. He only lacked one Purple Crystal Fragment to complete his advancement. Why bother fighting with this guy? For this guy to be able to gather so many Purple Crystal Fragments in such a short time, it was most likely because of the dagger in his hand.
According to Luo Zheng's judgement, this dagger was very likely to be a Spirit Tool level treasure.
Luo Zheng was very confident in his own strength, but he was not blind.
Fang Yushu smiled faintly, "I'm afraid you don't have a choice. Although I wouldn't be surprised if those three idiots were eliminated, and I wouldn't feel pity either, it's impossible to eliminate people from our Fang family without paying a price."
Hearing this, Luo Zheng was unmoved. He was about to leave when a bright blue thread strangely appeared in front of him.
Furthermore, this thread rapidly increased in size, becoming a small square. The square also continued to increase until it finally became a huge net. This net covered an area of over a hundred meters, including Luo Zheng and Fang Yushu.
"The Trial of Blood is too boring. Dealing with these mindless mirage beasts is simply an insult to my intelligence! Perhaps only a good fight can make me happy! "Fang Yushu said in an ambiguous tone.

Chapter 30
Outside of the Blood Colored Mountain, the majority of the mentors were focusing their attention on Fang Yu Shu.
Fang Yu Shu was the number one seed in this Trial of Blood and Fire, but the mentors were not interested in fighting over him. They were even too lazy to pay attention to Fang Yu Shu …
First of all, Fang Yu Shu was very strong. Passing the Trial of Blood and Fire was a certainty. Secondly, Fang Yu Shu and Nine Dragon Peak's Mentor Fang were family. It was impossible for him to choose another peak. Therefore, it was useless to pay attention to such a person.
Before this, many mentors were constantly switching between the images of all the disciples on the third level. They hoped to find traces of Luo Zheng. Among them, they stayed on Mo Can for the longest time. This was because Luo Zheng had previously been surrounded by landowning households because he wanted to save Mo Can.
Unfortunately, after searching for a long time, they did not find Luo Zheng.
This meant that Luo Zheng was a lone wolf, hunting mirage beasts by himself.
However, after a long period of time, someone inadvertently switched to Fang Yushu and discovered Luo Zheng.
After seeing Fang Yu Shu create a huge bright blue net, the mentors all understood that there would be a battle between the two of them.
One was the number one seed, the other was a dark horse that had suddenly appeared. Fang Yu Shu could be ignored, as he already had a home. But Luo Zheng was different. He was born from the grassroots and had no one to rely on. If he was taken into his own peak and nurtured, he would definitely be able to achieve great results.
The mentors' interest was immediately aroused.
"Who do you think will win?" one of the instructors asked softly.
"I still think Fang Yu Shan will win!" Another mentor replied.
"Why?"
"Why don't you look at the weapon in Fang Yu Shu's hand? Do you recognize that dagger? Space Slashing Blade! The energy strands that this spirit tool pulls out are almost indestructible. As long as Luo Zheng is cut, he will immediately be eliminated! "
The mentors discussed animatedly. Some supported Fang Yushu, while others supported Luo Zheng.
Only Instructor Su had a sullen expression on her face. She was like a little girl who had a favorite item hidden in a corner. She was waiting for the right time to sneak it home. However, before the time was up, everyone had discovered the item that she had been admiring …
This kind of feeling was not an ordinary kind of depression.
Luo Zheng was moving slowly. The purple light on his body was faintly discernible. His gaze was fixed on Fang Yushu.
Up until now, Fang Yu Shu was one of the most powerful enemies he had ever met. What was even more frightening was that Fang Yu Shu was clearly only in the Refining Marrow Stage, yet he was still able to give him such a huge pressure.
Among the descendants of landowning households, there were quite a few good-for-nothings. However, the elite descendants among them were terrifyingly powerful!
With the best resources in the world, they only needed to work a little harder, and their speed of improvement would be very fast. Furthermore, their combat power would far surpass that of their peers.
With Fang Yushu as the center, Luo Zheng circled around twice. Neither of them made a move. Time passed bit by bit. However, when Luo Zheng circled around for the third time, Fang Yushu finally moved.
His face flashed with a crazed smile. Holding the dagger in his hand, he drew a bright blue line and swept it towards Luo Zheng.
This seemingly gentle and quiet young man had completely sunk into a crazed state in battle. It seemed that he would not be able to calm down unless he dismembered his opponent.
Luo Zheng jumped up and rolled, narrowly avoiding the bright blue line. However, his speed was still a bit too slow. The line streaked across Luo Zheng's forehead, cutting off a section of his hair.
He was secretly shocked. If the distance had been just a bit closer, half of his head would have been cut off.
Fang Yushu did not give him any chance to breathe. The dagger in his hand spun, and in the blink of an eye, countless messy bright blue lines appeared. Then, Fang Yushu brought those lines and charged towards Luo Zheng.
As long as Fang Yushu knocked into Luo Zheng, he would be cut into countless small pieces by the sharp lines. He would die a horrible death.
Now, Luo Zheng could only run.
Those lines wrapped around Fang Yushu. Luo Zheng had no way of getting close to him.
This could not go on!
Luo Zheng originally thought that he could smoothly pass the Trial of Blood. He did not expect to encounter such a situation in the final stage. He could only bitterly smile in his heart.
The two of them were enveloped by the large net. Although it was several hundred meters wide, it did not give Luo Zheng much space to dodge.
Under Fang Yushu's pressure, Luo Zheng was finally forced into a dead end.
Fang Yushu's handsome face finally revealed a mocking smile. The strength of this trial disciple in front of him was indeed not bad. Moreover, his willpower was extraordinary.
However, no matter how tenaciously this fella struggled, in the end, he still fell into the fate of elimination.
Kicking this type of fella out, personally shattering the beautiful dream he weaved from faith, perseverance, and hard work, was only an interesting thing. At the very least, it would make this trial of blood seem less boring.
Luo Zheng stood in the corner. Behind him was precisely the net formed from those threads. As long as he backed up, his body would smash into that net, be cut into small pieces, die miserably on the spot. Up ahead, Fang Yushu was wrapped in a layer of messy and disorderly threads, slowly approaching him.
To him, this was a dead end that could not be solved.
Was he going to fail this time?
When he thought of this, Luo Zheng felt a deep sense of unwillingness. Even though he still had a chance to register again, make a comeback!
However, when he thought about how Luo Yan was trapped in Purgatory Mountain, who knew what kind of people schemed against him, his heart began to tighten. There was a heavy voice telling him that he couldn't waste any more time.
These threads were admittedly sharp, but not even Xie Lang's attacks could break through his bones. Who knew, he might not even be scared of being cut by these threads? In a moment of desperation, Luo Zheng could only take a gamble. He placed his hand behind his back, using a finger to press against the net.
The instant his finger made contact with the net, he immediately felt a heart-wrenching pain. The skin on his finger was instantly cut open by the threads. However, when Luo Zheng took a step forward, those threads cut into the bones in his finger, unable to advance any further.
"My bones can endure the damage of these threads!" Luo Zheng was inwardly overjoyed. A bit of hope was ignited.
He endured the pain and secretly gave his finger a look, discovering that there were faint traces on his bones. Even though his bones were also cut by the threads, they still stopped those sharp threads. This meant that his bones could endure the cutting power of these threads.
In that case, he could only stake it all!
The most crucial point was that he was currently in an illusion formation, so the injuries he suffered weren't real. Even if he went all out, he still wouldn't die. At worst, he would only be eliminated.
Having made up his mind, Luo Zheng didn't make a sound. He waited for Fang Yushu to come closer, closer, and closer …
When Fang Yushu was only a step away from him, Luo Zheng suddenly covered his face with his hands, and pounced towards Fang Yushu!
When Fang Yushu saw Luo Zheng pouncing towards him, he was momentarily stunned. Fang Yushu knew very well how terrifying the cutting power of these threads were. His first reaction was to wonder if this kid was crazy. If he pounced towards the threads on his body, the only result would be to be cut into pieces by the threads.
Had this guy given up on himself?
At this moment, it wasn't only Fang Yushu who thought so.
All the mentors who were closely watching this battle also thought so.
From the looks of it, Luo Zheng was going to be eliminated from the Trial of Blood and Fire this time.
However, it didn't matter. For a kid with such strength, he could always make a comeback in the next round. Entering the Blue Cloud Sect shouldn't be a difficult task for him.
Many of the mentors began to make plans in their hearts. Should they find out where he lived in the imperial capital? After he was eliminated, they would go and pay him a visit. It would also be good to build a relationship with him. Such an outstanding disciple was something that could only be encountered by chance. Of course, they wouldn't let him go so easily.
Under the supervision of many mentors through the letter tablet, Luo Zheng pounced towards Fang Yushu.
He felt the threads cutting into the flesh of his arms and legs. Waves of intense pain transmitted through his body. Luo Zheng clenched his teeth, but he still didn't retreat. He already had no way out.
However, when the threads cut into Luo Zheng's bones, they finally met resistance. His bones had blocked the cutting of the threads!
Fang Yushu thought that Luo Zheng would be cut into pieces by the threads. Unfortunately, the scene in his imagination didn't happen.
Just as he was slightly startled, Luo Zheng's fist had already arrived in front of his face. The fist smashed into Fang Yushu's face. That handsome face was immediately badly mutilated. Even so, Luo Zheng could still see the shock in his eyes.
However, this Fang Yushu was worthy of being called an elite of the landowning household. Even though his reaction was very slow, he still forcibly twisted his body. With a roar, the dagger in his hand turned into a cold light, stabbing towards Luo Zheng's abdomen.
Luo Zheng, who had already seized the initiative, twisted his hand and controlled Fang Yushu's arm. Then, he suddenly struck out with his elbow. Fang Yushu's reaction wasn't slow either. He freed up his other hand to fight with Luo Zheng.
At this moment, the two of them were rolling around on the ground like three year old children fighting.
However, every punch was aimed at a vital point, striving to kill the other party.
At this time, they weren't competing on moves or skills. Instead, they were competing on the body's ability to resist attacks.
How many people could take a beating better than Luo Zheng?
Gradually, Fang Yushu's strength became weaker and weaker. It was difficult for him to block Luo Zheng's attacks. In the end, Luo Zheng's entire body flickered with purple light. Before Fang Yushu could react, he sent out three consecutive punches.
Each punch contained the power of Purple Sandalwood's Inch Punch.
A dense series of muffled sounds came from Fang Yushu's body.
The three Purple Sandalwood's Inch Punch caused twenty-one injuries to Fang Yushu's body. His body seemed to be convulsing, constantly trembling.
When the remaining power of Purple Sandalwood's Inch Punch was exhausted, specks of light wrapped around him. The moment before he disappeared, his face was filled with deep unwillingness. At the same time, he was deeply puzzled. What was this brat's body made of? Why couldn't the Space Splitting Blade cut through him?

Chapter 31
Outside the Blood Red Mountain, there was a burst of exclamations.
To be able to become a mentor of the Blue Cloud Sect, their knowledge was definitely not lacking.
After so many years, what kind of genius had they not seen?
Some of the famous geniuses and experts were even groomed by them.
But at this moment, these mentors could not help but exclaim.
These mentors had a clear understanding of Fang Yushu's strength, and they were even more clear about the power of the Void Slashing Blade in Fang Yushu's hand!
Those energy threads were extremely sharp and could easily cut a low-grade spirit weapon into two. Even a mid-grade spirit weapon would not be able to withstand those threads. At the very least, a high-grade spirit weapon would be required to block those threads.
But the scene just now was so strange.
Luo Zheng had actually used his body to block those threads!
Everyone thought that Luo Zheng was just putting up a final struggle before being eliminated. This struggle was undoubtedly futile. Against Fang Yushu, who was wielding a spirit weapon, Luo Zheng had no chance of winning. The only result of pouncing towards those energy threads was to be cut into pieces by them.
But not only did Luo Zheng break those threads, he also took advantage of Fang Yushu's momentary shock to seize the opportunity to eliminate Fang Yushu.
It was no wonder that everyone was shocked. How did this kid train his body? Was it as strong as a high-grade mystic weapon?
Fang Yan looked at the messy image on the letter tablet, and his mouth was filled with a bitter taste. He never thought that Fang Yushu would actually be eliminated. The Fang family had sent four gentry disciples, and three of them were eliminated at once. The remaining one's strength was average, and it would probably be difficult for him to pass the Trial of Blood Red. And one of them was a direct descendant of the Fang family. It looked like the next time he returned to the Fang family, he would definitely receive a scolding.
Although it was not difficult for the Fang family to enter the Blue Cloud Sect, the fact that not a single one of the four Fang family disciples had passed, to the Fang family, this was a complete loss of face.
"Luo Zheng!" Fang Yanzhi clenched his teeth and engraved this name in his mind. There were many geniuses in the Blue Cloud Sect, but there were even more who died prematurely. He wanted to see what would happen to this guy!
After all the mentors finished reading, Luo Zheng disappeared without a trace on the letter tablet. However, they still wanted to see what had happened, but because Fang Yushu had been eliminated, they could no longer track Luo Zheng on the letter tablet. A few of the mentors were so angry that they jumped up and down. With nowhere to vent their anger, they actually pointed at Zhong Ming's nose and cursed.
After being scolded, Zhong Ming's face was so gloomy that water could drip from it. He wanted to defend himself, but when he thought of the terrifying rumors behind Teacher Su, he could only swallow this bitter fruit into his stomach.
Zhong Ming's heart was filled with resentment. He had nowhere to vent his anger. He was really unlucky today. Who could he blame for these things? It's Luo Zheng's fault!
He finally found a target to vent his anger on.
From the first time he saw Luo Zheng, he was already unhappy. A trial disciple from the grassroots actually dared to refute his words, causing him to lose face in front of Teacher Su. Now, he was even scolded by these mentors.
The more he thought about it, the angrier Zhong Ming got. He glanced at the illusion array disk beside him and his heart suddenly jumped. Hehe, stinking brat, you want to pass the Trial of Blood and Fire? No way!
The illusion array on the blood-colored mountain was made by a master of the Blue Cloud Sect. Among them, thousands of large and small illusion arrays and those illusory beasts were all controlled by the illusion array disk in his hand.
Since this brat made him unhappy, then he could forget about passing the Trial of Blood and Fire. Zhong Ming quietly turned around and placed his hand on the innermost ring of the illusion array disk without anyone noticing.
There were a total of five circles in this Illusion Array Disc, each representing the five levels of Blood Red Mountain. In the middle level, there was only one level 5 Illusion Beast. That Illusion Beast's strength was comparable to a Xiantian Mystic Realm expert. Due to the huge difference in strength between it and the disciples participating in the Trial of Blood Red Mountain, no one had challenged it since its establishment.
In fact, many people had raised their opinions about the necessity of this Level 5 illusion beast because it was impossible for anyone to succeed in the challenge. It was meaningless to put a Level 5 illusion beast there. Moreover, it consumed too much energy to use the illusion array to create a Level 5 illusion beast. It was purely a waste.
However, this suggestion was rejected when it was put forward.
The opinion of the higher-ups of the Blue Cloud Sect was that since this Level 5 illusion beast had been created, it should just be placed there as a decoration. There was no need to make any changes.
Zhong Ming quietly erased the ring in the center of the illusion array disk. At the same time, he controlled the Level 5 illusion beast to leave the central area and run wildly in the direction of Luo Zheng.
"You can even block the Space Slashing Blade. I wonder if you can block this Level 5 illusion beast!"
A sinister smile appeared on Zhong Ming's face.
Luo Zheng did not know that his actions had caused a huge uproar outside.
After eliminating Fang Yushu, the dozens of crystal fragments on the ground belonged to him. Now, the crystal fragments in his hands had far exceeded the requirements of the Trial of Blood Red. It seemed that he only needed to find a corner and quietly wait for the time to end. Then, he would be able to become an outer disciple of the Blue Cloud Sect.
Although the wounds on his body looked terrifying, they were actually not that serious.
Although the silk threads had caused his hands and feet to be badly mutilated, it was a shocking sight. These were only external injuries and did not cause any real harm to his body.
Luo Zheng exerted strength in his body. The wounds on his arms and legs immediately spurted out blood. Under the pressure of his muscles, the wounds quickly closed and stopped bleeding. Controlling the muscles in his body to quickly stop the bleeding and make the wounds heal quickly was something that a peak Flesh Refinement Realm cultivator could do.
Then, he walked back and forth. After feeling that his body was fine, he chose a direction to leave.
He still felt a little regretful. Fang Yushu had a Spirit Weapon. If the black flame in his mind had swallowed the Spirit Weapon, how many dragon scales would he have been able to light up? Would it be three? Or five? Luo Zheng was also not sure. Presumably, it would be much more than the molten iron essence refined from a High Grade Profound Weapon.
It was a pity that after killing Fang Yushu, his entire body was wrapped in light. However, this kind of treasure, if he really snatched it, the Fang Clan would probably not rest until he was dead. He did not have the qualifications to snatch other people's Spirit Weapons.
As for the crystal fragments in his hands, he did not know what to do with them. If he found Mo Can, he could give some to him.
However, the environment of the third level was so vast. Where was he going to find Mo Can?
After walking forward for some distance, Luo Zheng suddenly felt the ground shake violently. Then he heard a "Dong!" sound, as if a huge giant had stepped on the ground, making a muffled sound.
"Dong!"
"Dong!"
"Dong!"
Every time that sound was heard, the ground would shake.
Moreover, the sound was getting louder and louder, and the shaking was getting more and more intense.
Luo Zheng was startled. What was rushing towards him? It couldn't be such a coincidence. How could he encounter so many messy things in just one trip to the Trial by Blood?
The result was similar to what he had guessed. Luo Zheng turned around and saw three or four trial disciples and two landowning households frantically running away. Behind them, the stone forest suddenly collapsed. Then, a giant monster rushed out!
The monster had a human form, but there were two sharp horns on its head. Its eyes were burning with raging flames.
"Is this a demon?" Looking at the six meter tall monster, Luo Zheng stared blankly. Judging from the two sharp horns, this monster should be a demon.
The demon was a race that was stronger than humans. In ancient times, they had always been the mortal enemy of humans. There were all kinds of legends and records about the demon race.
Bloodthirsty, cruel, cannibalistic … …
All kinds of legends about the demon race were passed down by word of mouth. They could make adults change their expressions and children stop crying.
But this was not the main problem. This demon race obviously should not appear in the third layer of the illusion!
The demon race rushed out and slapped a trial disciple. In an instant, the trial disciple was sent flying. Before he landed, countless light spots enveloped the trial disciple's body. He was already eliminated.
The fate of the other noble child was even worse. He was directly grabbed by the demon race. With a sharp scream, he was stuffed into the demon race's mouth. In an instant, countless light spots appeared in the demon race's mouth. Another person was eliminated.
At this time, Luo Zheng finally reacted. This demon race was at least a level 5 phantom beast! As for why this level 5 phantom beast could appear in the third layer, Luo Zheng did not have the time to think about it. His only thought now was to run!
Luo Zheng did not expect that it would be fine if he did not run. As soon as he ran, the demon race ignored the others and chased after him with its huge feet.
Don't look at the demon race's slow movements. Each of its steps was equivalent to seven or eight steps of Luo Zheng. Its speed was much faster than Luo Zheng's.
In a short time, Luo Zheng adjusted his breathing to the best state, striving to reach his fastest speed to get rid of the demon race.
He had already passed the Bloody Trial. If he was killed by the demon race at this critical stage, it would be too unfair!
However, even if Luo Zheng sprinted forward at full speed, the distance between him and the demon race was getting closer and closer. The strength of the two was not on the same level. Naturally, their speed was also not on the same level!
When the demon race was about five or six feet away from Luo Zheng, it suddenly jumped. At the same time, it waved its thick palm and slapped down on Luo Zheng's head.
＝＝＝＝＝

Chapter 32
At this moment, Luo Zheng suddenly threw himself forward. The palm slapped the ground behind Luo Zheng, making a loud noise and leaving a huge handprint.
Without thinking, he rolled forward, got up, and continued to run.
The transformed demon uttered a few unintelligible demon words and continued to chase after Luo Zheng.
Luo Zheng was also angry and annoyed. Why was this demon looking for him all of a sudden?
Unfortunately, he couldn't stop and ask. Moreover, the demon itself was an illusory beast. It didn't have any intelligence, so of course he couldn't communicate with it.
Outside the Blood Red Mountain, it was already a mess.
Many mentors had already discovered through the letter tablet that the demon had run from the fifth floor to the third floor.
"Zhong Ming, what's going on?"
"Shouldn't this demon be on the fifth floor? How could it break through those illusory arrays and come to the third floor? "
Faced with this question, Zhong Ming stammered, "I, I don't know what's going on. Maybe there's a problem with the illusory arrays on the Bloody Mountain."
"I request that the Trial of Bloody Mountain be stopped immediately," said a mentor.
"Yes, it should be stopped. I'm afraid that the demon can kick everyone out of the mountain. I've long suggested that the level five illusory beast be removed. It's meaningless to leave it there. I really don't know what the higher-ups are thinking!" Another mentor agreed.
"Wait, wait!" At this time, a mentor stopped them.
"What's going on?"
"Look, this demon seems to be chasing after Luo Zheng." The mentor switched the image of the letter tablet to one of the gentry children. He found that Luo Zheng was crazily running for his life.
"Hehe, so what? The strength this kid showed is indeed surprising, but do you remember? Back then, when Lin Yatian entered the Trial of Blood as a Marrow Refinement Realm cultivator, he was conceited about his strength. He wanted to find trouble with the demon, but in the end, didn't he end up running away in a sorry state? "said a mentor.
Lin Xietian was the most outstanding disciple of the Blue Cloud Sect in the past hundred years. His name had spread throughout the world in just three years after he entered the Blue Cloud Sect. He had passed the trial of the Blue Cloud Road at the age of nineteen and entered the Cloud Hall. His talent and strength were rare in the world, and he deserved to be called a super genius.
Luo Zheng's current strength and talent were quite high, but in the eyes of many mentors, there was still a considerable gap between him and Lin Yatian. Moreover, Lin Yatian was already in the Marrow Refining Realm at that time, which was one realm higher than Luo Zheng.
Even Lin Xiatian had to run away when he encountered the demons. How could Luo Zheng possibly resist them?
But even so, Luo Zheng was this year's biggest dark horse. Most of the mentors were still paying attention to him. In any case, they stopped arguing and quietly watched the scene on the jade tablet.
Seeing that the mentors were no longer blaming him, Zhong Ming's face revealed a smug smile. This kid is dead for sure. Let's see how you're going to dodge the demon's attack.
Relying on his nimble movements, powerful explosive power, and a bit of luck, Luo Zheng avoided the demon's attack.
But he couldn't go on like this!
If he kept running away, his final fate would be to be slapped out of the game by the demon.
Luo Zheng didn't have much time to think. His mind was spinning rapidly.
It was said that the demon's body was completely different from that of humans. From birth, they were far more tyrannical than humans. Therefore, in ancient times, humans suffered a great loss when they fought against the demon.
But the Creator was fair, while the demon had a fatal flaw. They had two hearts.
Perhaps the first heart couldn't withstand their powerful body, so the second heart was born.
This wasn't a big problem. Demons with two hearts could erupt with more power. The key was that the second heart grew on their back.
The second heart didn't have any protection. It only had a thin layer of flesh. As long as this flesh was penetrated and the heart was crushed, the demon would die.
Therefore, when going to the battlefield, almost all demons would wear heavy armor on their backs. There was a high bulge on the back of the armor in order to protect the weak points on their backs. Humans jokingly called this kind of armor "tortoise shell".
After fighting with the demon along the way, Luo Zheng noticed that the demon's back didn't have any protection.
As long as he could crush the demon's heart, he would be able to defeat him. This was Luo Zheng's only chance.
Just as he was thinking this, a strong wind came from the side. It was the demon's big palm.
"Oh no, I can't dodge!"
This time, Luo Zheng wanted to dodge, but it was already too late.
There was no other way but to fight. Luo Zheng clenched his teeth and jumped onto the back of the demon's hand. Then he stepped on the demon's shoulder and jumped over the demon's head. At this moment, the tip of Luo Zheng's nose was only a few inches away from the demon's two horns.
With the free fall, Luo Zheng finally arrived at the demon's back. He successfully saw a bulge on the demon's back!
"Now! Purple Sandalwood Inch Punch! "
A purple light flowed out from Luo Zheng's body. Luo Zheng exhausted all his strength, gathered it on his fist, and then heavily smashed the bulge. The demon's second heart!
As long as the Purple Sandalwood Inch Punch was injected, the demon's heart would be completely destroyed.
But when Luo Zheng's fist smashed on the demon's back, it felt a little slippery. The demon's skin actually slid off his fist.
Failed. Luo Zheng was shocked.
"Peng!"
The demon turned around and slapped Luo Zheng. Luo Zheng's body was like a stone, flying dozens of feet away.
The mentors were also sighing.
"Ai, no, this is such a good opportunity."
"The demon's skin is incomparably tough. How could a little guy in the Viscera Refining Stage break it?"
"But it's still a pity. If he had a spirit weapon, the one who would have fallen would not be him, but the demon."
The mentors who were watching the letter couldn't help but sigh. After all, for so many years, only Luo Zheng posed a threat to the demon. But thinking about it, they all hoped that a little guy in the Viscera Refining Stage could defeat a Level Five Phantom Beast. It was indeed unrealistic.
"Hey, hey, hey, don't run!" One of the mentors shouted.
It turned out that these mentors couldn't see Luo Zheng's image. They could only observe Luo Zheng through other people. Just now, there were still a few bold trial disciples who were willing to follow behind the demon to watch. Now that they saw that the demon had killed Luo Zheng, those trial disciples naturally turned around and ran.
As soon as they ran, the mentors naturally couldn't see Luo Zheng's figure.
But most of the mentors understood that there was no need to watch anymore. Luo Zheng's elimination had become inevitable.
Only Teacher Su, who was at the side, stared at her letter tablet with a complicated expression. She had tampered with Luo Zheng's disciple token, so she could see Luo Zheng's every move from the letter tablet. This guy's body was indeed very tyrannical. Even after being slapped by a demon, he was still fine.
At this time, he still didn't give up. This guy's temperament was really good! Just based on this point, he had already surpassed many people.
Luo Zheng was lying on the ground. His chest was heaving up and down as he took a deep breath.
The power of that slap just now was really too terrifying. It practically smashed his bones into smithereens.
Fortunately, his body was sturdy enough to withstand the slap.
Moreover, his body absorbed most of the power. At the same time, it turned into a warm current, soaking his body.
Only a small part of the remaining power was enough to seriously injure Luo Zheng's body.
As the ground trembled, Luo Zheng felt that the demon was walking towards him step by step.
Even though at this moment, Luo Zheng felt sore all over, as if his whole body would fall apart if he moved, he still didn't intend to give up.
As long as there was a trace of opportunity, Luo Zheng would choose to fight back.
Seeing his prey lying on the ground, the demon slowed down. He even stopped to size up Luo Zheng. Then, he lifted his foot to step on Luo Zheng. He actually wanted to trample Luo Zheng to death.
The speed of this step wasn't fast. Perhaps the demon felt that Luo Zheng didn't have the ability to move, so he didn't need to be too impatient.
Because of this, Luo Zheng was given space to move. He rolled on the ground. Resisting the pain all over his body, he got up from the ground and wanted to jump up.
"It hurts!"
Just now, he was slapped by the giant. All the bones in his body were damaged. Under the pain, his body lost its flexibility and he couldn't jump up.
Since that was the case …
In a moment of desperation, Luo Zheng took out the broken throwing knife from his spatial ring. Then, using all the strength in his body, he threw the throwing knife at the demon.
I hope it works! Luo Zheng prayed in his heart. If this attack didn't cause any damage, then he, Luo Zheng, was doomed to be eliminated from this Trial by Blood.

Chapter 33
With a gentle push from him, the throwing knife suddenly shot out and quickly sank into the back of the demon.
What was even more strange was that the thick body of the Demon was like air at this moment. The flying dagger shot in and pierced through the Demon's chest, breaking open the Demon's head, and then flew five or six meters into the sky. After its strength was exhausted, it fell to the ground.
At this moment, Luo Zheng was so shocked that he was speechless. There were only two possibilities to achieve this effect. First, his strength was so great that the flying dagger could easily pierce through the Devil Race with his strength. This was obviously impossible.
The second possibility was that this broken throwing knife was incomparably sharp and could easily penetrate the demon with only a small amount of strength.
In front of Luo Zheng's eyes, there was only the second possibility.
What level of treasure was this throwing knife? Luo Zheng couldn't help but sigh in his heart.
The mountain-like demon clutched its chest and staggered a few steps. Finally, it hugged its head and turned into thousands of light spots.
The only level-5 phantom beast on the fifth floor was killed by Luo Zheng!
"Ding ding …"
A pure black crystal fragment fell to the ground and bounced into Luo Zheng's hand.
Only one black crystal fragment was needed to pass the test …
Who was the idiot who designed this rule? Luo Zheng picked up the black crystal fragment and couldn't help but curse in his heart that the person who designed this array had no asshole.
This demon was so powerful that he would rather kill a hundred level-3 phantom beasts than provoke this level-5 phantom beast.
Luo Zheng already had enough crystal fragments. Compared to this black crystal fragment, he was more concerned about his throwing knife.
He got up with difficulty and walked two steps. However, he couldn't find the throwing knife on the ground.
If he hadn't seen the power of this throwing knife, he would have let it go. However, now that he found out that this throwing knife was absolutely a super treasure, he couldn't lose it.
How could it be missing?
Luo Zheng searched back and forth several times and finally found a small hole in the ground.
Oh no … this throwing knife was so sharp that even the demon's body couldn't stop it. Now that it had fallen, he was afraid that it had pierced deeply into the ground.
He used his strength to dig the ground bit by bit. After digging for two to three meters, he still couldn't find the throwing knife.
At this moment, the scenery around Luo Zheng suddenly changed color, emitting a little bit of light.
The entire illusion was slowly collapsing. Seeing this scene, Luo Zheng's complexion changed. This was bad. The Trial of Blood should be over, and the illusion should be extinguished.
The place where Luo Zheng was at had also changed its appearance. He was now in a blood-red forest. The surrounding land and plants were all blood-red. This was the true appearance of the Bloody Mountain.
As for the place where Luo Zheng had dug, it had also disappeared.
"This, this … is my flying knife!"
Luo Zheng wanted to cry but had no tears.
Because the illusory array had been dispelled, his previous injuries had also been completely healed. Those injuries were actually illusions created by the illusory array. Now, he had a lot of strength to dig them out.
But in such a big Bloody Mountain, who knew where the throwing knife had moved to? If he wanted to find the throwing knife, would he have to turn the entire Bloody Mountain upside down?
At this moment, a Flying Chariot flew over from the horizon and stopped beside her. An examiner jumped down and invited Luo Zheng onto the Flying Chariot.
At this moment, the various mentors were still discussing spiritedly.
However, the focus of their discussion was no longer Luo Zheng, but the other trial disciples and landowning households who had similarly performed well.
Although they didn't see Luo Zheng's final result, presumably, his elimination was already set in stone. Although they were looking forward to Luo Zheng's performance when he applied for the Blue Cloud Sect next time, at least for this month, there was no need to pay attention to him.
However, when Luo Zheng got down from the Flying Chariot, he unexpectedly walked over and asked, "Excuse me, who should I give these crystal fragments to?"
"Over here!" A yellow-robed woman gestured towards Luo Zheng. She was in charge of counting the crystal fragments obtained by the trial disciples. In front of her were four baskets of different colors, each containing crystal fragments of different colors.
At this moment, the mentors' faces were filled with astonishment. At the same time, they were also somewhat confused.
According to the rules of the Trial of Blood, Luo Zheng had already been eliminated. Then, even if he obtained more crystal fragments, it would be useless. After all, being eliminated in the illusory array meant "death." If he was already dead, what qualifications did he have to pass the Trial of Blood?
Of course, Zhong Ming also noticed Luo Zheng. Just now, he had used the illusory array disk to release the fifth-level illusory beast. After locking onto Luo Zheng as his target, he was afraid of arousing suspicion, so he didn't dare to touch the illusory array disk again.
Now that he saw Luo Zheng come down the mountain, he was somewhat pleased. He had already passed the Trial of Blood, but in the end, he was eliminated. This guy must be feeling very pained right now, right?
Now, it seemed that Luo Zheng still didn't understand the situation. He actually still wanted to hand over the crystal fragments! He felt that he needed to explain the rules of the Trial of Blood to Luo Zheng. He needed to tell him that he was already a dead person. Even if he had a thousand or ten thousand crystal fragments, it would be useless!
He had just taken two steps towards Luo Zheng when his legs seemed to be welded to the ground. He saw Luo Zheng carelessly throw out a black crystal fragment.
In Zhong Ming's eyes, that black crystal fragment was very dazzling.
That yellow-robed woman blinked her eyes and asked strangely, "Yi, why is there a black crystal fragment?"
Ever since she had been in charge of counting, she had only placed the baskets of four colors. She didn't know that there would be a black crystal fragment.
When she said this in surprise, everyone immediately understood what was going on.
That demon illusory beast had been killed by Luo Zheng.
This black crystal fragment was naturally dropped by that demon illusory beast.
The scene suddenly became silent.
This illusory beast was designed to be here. It simply didn't consider that someone would kill it.
But now, the black crystal fragment was thrown on the table by Luo Zheng. That black light seemed very mysterious, and even had a touch of enticement.
"Why is there a black crystal fragment?" The yellow-robed woman was somewhat puzzled by the reaction of the surrounding people. She raised her voice and asked. She suspected that Luo Zheng had cheated and wanted to use this black crystal fragment to make up the numbers.
At this time, an elegant looking middle-aged man came out and said, "There is a black crystal fragment, and there is only one. Since the beginning of the Blood Red Mountain's illusory array, no one has obtained it. Xiao Shi, you are in charge of counting, so naturally you haven't seen it."
The yellow-robed woman surnamed Shi suddenly understood and nodded, "So it's like this."
That elegant looking middle-aged man came in front of Luo Zheng and said, "Young man, your performance in this Trial of Blood was too outstanding. I am Teacher Zhou of the Raging Waves Peak. I very much welcome you to join our Raging Waves Peak."
"What's so good about the Raging Waves Peak? You are ranked outside the top 20 of the 33 peaks. If you want to come, then come to our Huan Ling Peak. Our Huan Ling Peak is ranked fifth among the 33 peaks. All of our benefits and treatment are not something that their Raging Waves Peak can compare with. "A baldy rushed out again. His words were practically roaring.
"Baldy Jiang, what do you mean by this? Are you saying that my Raging Waves Peak is inferior to your Huan Ling Peak? This ranking changes every year. Ten years ago, our Raging Waves Peak was firmly ranked in the top three. In terms of background, your Huan Ling Peak isn't even worthy to carry our Raging Waves Peak's shoes! "Teacher Zhou heard the baldy's evaluation of his Raging Waves Peak and immediately said angrily.
Teacher Jiang wanted to retort, but another teacher interjected. It was Teacher Xu of the Lone Sky Peak.
Luo Zheng remembered that Luo Peiran and that Wang Heng were at the Lone Sky Peak!
After Teacher Xu stood still, he slowly said, "Our Lone Sky Peak is the leader of the 33 peaks. We have always been ranked first. I hope that you can join our Lone Sky Peak."
Facing Teacher Xu's invitation, Luo Zheng declined to comment. No matter where he went, he wouldn't choose the Lone Sky Peak. It wasn't that he had any prejudice against Teacher Xu, but he simply loathed everything related to Luo Peiran.
"Luo Zheng isn't going anywhere. He will come to my Xiao Yufeng." That clear and melodious voice finally sounded. Su Lingyun felt that she couldn't sit still anymore. She was the first one to discover Luo Zheng. What were these stinking fellows doing here?
When the various teachers heard Su Lingyun's words, their eyes flickered with fear. Although this Su Lingyun was only a teacher, if they were to be serious, these people would still have to respectfully kneel down and call her "Your Highness."
Fear was fear, but these teachers were also people who were shrewd. They could give in on other matters, but to make them give in on this matter was definitely a difficult matter.
"Teacher Su, what you said is wrong. Last time, last time, last time, there were two excellent trial disciples who were chosen by you. No one fought with you. But this time, you want to take them away again. Our other 32 peaks might as well not choose disciples in the future. We'll wait for your Xiao Yufeng to pick up the leftovers, then we'll choose," Teacher Xu said without changing his expression.
"That's right, Teacher Su. We can't always be like this …"
"Moreover, your Xiao Yufeng is the peak ranked last …"
The various teachers echoed one after another.
Originally, everyone was already very dissatisfied with Su Lingyun's tyrannical way of picking disciples. This time, she wanted to take away Luo Zheng. Those teachers finally couldn't hold it in anymore. Under Teacher Xu's lead, they all started to crusade against Su Lingyun.
Facing these teachers' words, Su Lingyun suddenly waved her hand. "Stop, stop! Don't say anymore! "
Only then did the various teachers shut up. Of course, they didn't dare to really anger Teacher Su. Otherwise, they wouldn't be able to mingle in the Blue Cloud Sect anymore.
Su Lingyun sighed and said, "Alright then. We'll follow the normal rules. First, we'll tally up all the disciples who passed the Trial of Blood and Fire according to their rankings and their own wishes. That should be fine, right?"
When Su Lingyun said this, the other teachers immediately let out a sigh of relief. Of course, they nodded in agreement.
However, these teachers had forgotten Su Lingyun's personality. With her personality, since young, there was no possibility that the things she wanted would be taken by others.
The reason why she was willing to make this concession now was because she had already thought of other methods.

Chapter 34
Luo Zheng stood with the other disciples who had passed the trial. He watched as one trial disciple after another came out of the Bloody Mountain and threw the crystal shards into the basket.
He stood there for a while. Suddenly, he saw Mo Can appear. He jumped down from the Flying Chariot and excitedly greeted Luo Zheng. He quickly walked over and took out a handful of crystal shards, throwing them into the basket.
Mo Can had actually passed the trial!
This was completely beyond Luo Zheng's expectations. With Mo Can's Bone Refining Stage strength, he had actually collected ten purple crystal shards? At that time, Luo Zheng had a lot of crystal shards. He had thought that if he met Mo Can, he could share some with him. But he hadn't met Mo Can on the third floor, so he didn't have this opportunity.
But now, Mo Can had actually passed the Trial of Bloody Mountain with his own efforts. Luo Zheng was puzzled. With Mo Can's Bone Refining Stage strength, it would have been very difficult for him to kill phantom beasts on the third floor.
Could it be that Mo Can had hidden his strength? Luo Zheng's mind jumped to this idea.
Mo Can walked over with a proud smile. "Haha, Brother Luo Zheng, I also passed!"
"How did you collect so many crystal shards?" Luo Zheng asked curiously.
"It's a long story. In short, I was lucky!" Then Mo Can recounted what had happened after he entered the third floor. It turned out that by a freak combination of factors, he actually saw two landowning households fighting over a crystal shard. In the end, both of them were seriously injured and were forced out. So he picked up a big bargain and picked up more than ten purple crystal shards. Just like that, he passed the Trial of Bloody Mountain.
After listening to Mo Can's story, Luo Zheng couldn't help but sigh. This guy's luck was really too good.
Flying Chariots flew back and forth from the Bloody Mountain, picking up all the disciples.
Today's Trial of Bloody Mountain was finally over.
The disciples who passed the trial were all in high spirits, while the disciples who were eliminated were dejected.
The children of landowning households that had been eliminated all had gloomy faces as they were quickly taken away by their family members. Before Zhuge Hong left, he fiercely sized up Luo Zheng. He had always been conceited. Although this was his first time participating in the Trial of Blood and Fire, he had always believed that he could pass with 100% certainty.
After all, within the seven major landowning families, there were very few disciples who were unable to even pass the Trial by Blood and Fire.
But this time, he was defeated by Luo Zheng. Naturally, he was not convinced.
Although Luo Zheng was chatting cheerfully with Mo Can over there, Luo Zheng obviously felt Zhuge Hong's sinister gaze before he left. However, Luo Zheng didn't care at all.
The path of a martial artist was never smooth. Instead, it was filled with obstacles. As long as an obstacle dared to obstruct him, he could only choose to kick it away. There was no other way. Since he had chosen this path, he was not afraid of offending others!
At this time, the most depressed and angry people were Luo Peiran and Wang Hengzhi.
Wang Hengzhi had originally sent two of his clansmen to participate in the Trial of Bloody Mountain to kill Luo Zheng. However, Luo Zheng's performance had already greatly exceeded Wang Hengzhi's expectations.
Wang Lan and Wang Qing had also not passed the Trial by Blood and Fire. After the two of them had gone up the mountain, they had joined Zhuge Hong's ranks of robbers. When they had seen Luo Zheng, they hadn't even had the time to use their clan's killing weapon before they had been eliminated by the other trial disciples.
This loss of face was a bit too big.
Even Wang Hengzhi, who had always been calm and collected, left with his group after cursing at Wang Lan and Wang Qing. It seemed that they would have to take their time and think about how to deal with Luo Zheng.
As for Luo Peiran, he didn't have anything to say. At this time, if he went up to speak sarcastic words, he would only be asking for his own humiliation. He could only follow behind Wang Hengzhi with an ashen face. How could he have imagined that the ant-like Luo Zheng had already grown to such a frightening extent?
That night, the disciples who had passed the Trial by Blood and Fire officially became outer sect disciples of the Blue Cloud Sect.
Because it was already late, the instructors of the thirty-three peaks would have to wait until tomorrow to choose their disciples.
All the outer sect disciples would have to stay at the foot of the Bloody Mountain for the night.
Tonight, the atmosphere in the dormitory was much better. After all, everyone had finally achieved their first goal through hard work.
Many people were so happy that they didn't sleep the whole night. At the same time, they were discussing which peak they should choose.
The peak that these trial disciples discussed the most was Instructor Xu's Lone Sky Peak.
There were many legends about the number one Lone Sky Peak among the thirty-three peaks. It was said that most of the outstanding disciples of the Blue Cloud Sect were gathered at Lone Sky Peak.
Luo Zheng and Mo Can sat in a corner and listened to their discussion.
Seeing Mo Can's eyes sparkling as he listened, Luo Zheng asked, "Mo Can, you want to choose Lone Sky Peak?"
Mo Can scratched his head and laughed, "I do want to, but with my strength, I'm afraid Lone Sky Peak won't want me."
Mo Can also knew his own limitations. Those who could enter Lone Sky Peak all had outstanding performances. For example, that iron tower-like brawny man with a huge sword in his hand during the day. It seemed like he would definitely enter Lone Sky Peak.
"Brother Luo Zheng, which peak do you want to go to? I'll go with you! I realized that following by your side, my luck will be very good. "Mo Can said.
This was the reasoning that Mo Can concluded. What he said was somewhat correct. If it wasn't for Luo Zheng, he probably wouldn't have even passed the sea test. And today, in the Trial of Blood and Fire, it was completely because Luo Zheng had saved him. Otherwise, he would have been eliminated long ago.
"What if I choose Xiao Yufeng?" Luo Zheng suddenly laughed.
Mo Can was momentarily stunned, "Ah, Brother Luo Zheng, you aren't joking, right?"
With Luo Zheng's outstanding performance, he could choose any of the thirty-three peaks.
But Luo Zheng actually said he would choose Xiao Yufeng. Mo Can couldn't help but remind him, "Brother Luo Zheng, Xiao Yufeng is ranked last out of all the peaks!"
Luo Zheng nodded. Then, Instructor Su's face appeared in his mind. If it wasn't for her today, his trial qualification would have been snatched away by Zhong Ming. But Xiao Yufeng was ranked last out of all the peaks. No matter if it was pills, cultivation methods, or the distribution of various monthly allowances, it was far behind the other peaks.
Therefore, Luo Zheng was momentarily at a loss.
After waiting for the night to quiet down, Luo Zheng finally put this matter aside. Right now, he had more important things to do.
He had to find that throwing knife, even if he had to dig three feet into the ground of Blood Mountain.
After Mo Can fell asleep, Luo Zheng cautiously came out of the dormitory. Under the cover of the night, he arrived at the foot of Blood Mountain. After identifying the path in front of him, he went up the mountain.
The illusory formation of Blood Mountain wasn't triggered. Naturally, there weren't many kinds of illusory beasts on the mountain. In fact, even snakes, insects, and ants were very rare. There was too much Red Fantasy Sand here, which wasn't suitable for animals to live and grow.
Without the illusory formation, Blood Mountain looked completely different from during the day. Luo Zheng ran here and there for a while, trying hard to recall the place where he dealt with the demon. He searched six or seven places in a row, but he still couldn't find the right one.
Digging out a throwing knife buried deep in the ground of Blood Mountain was as difficult as looking for a needle in a haystack.
After wandering back and forth for an hour, Luo Zheng was completely disoriented. It seemed that he had no other choice but to turn Blood Mountain upside down.
Such a good treasure, but he lost it after using it once. It was indeed very depressing.
Just as Luo Zheng was feeling dejected, the branches of the Blood Mountain Forest not far away suddenly swayed. A woman in a green dress slowly walked out.
The green-robed woman walked slowly. Under the bright moonlight, her beautiful face glowed with a faint glow. The green-robed long skirt perfectly trimmed her graceful figure. For a moment, Luo Zheng was actually a little mesmerized by her beauty.
When Luo Zheng realized that this was Xiao Yufeng's Mentor Su, he immediately withdrew his somewhat dazed gaze. With a smile on his face, he greeted: "Hello, Mentor Su."
"It's the middle of the night. Why did you come to Blood Mountain instead of resting in the dormitory?" Su Lingyun asked with a charming smile on her face.
"Oh, I couldn't sleep. So I wanted to come out for a stroll … "Luo Zheng's face was a bit hot. This lie seemed to be too shallow.
"Is that so?" Su Lingyun took two steps forward. Her pair of charming eyes stared at Luo Zheng. She asked again: "Even if you were just taking a stroll, was there a need to come to Blood Mountain?"
There was a hint of playfulness and playfulness in her clear voice.
Luo Zheng spread out his hands and smiled: "That's right."
"I don't think so." Su Lingyun shook her head and changed the topic: "I think you're looking for something, right?"
"Ahem …" Unexpectedly, Su Lingyun guessed correctly. Luo Zheng touched his head and said: "This is a disciple's private matter."
"Oh, since it's private matter, then I'll leave. I won't disturb your privacy. Goodbye!" Su Lingyun waved a throwing knife in her hand and pretended to leave.
Seeing the throwing knife, Luo Zheng's eyes suddenly lit up. He hurriedly said: "Hey, Mentor Su, this throwing knife …"
Su Lingyun turned around like a fairy and stared into Luo Zheng's eyes. She asked: "Yours?"
Of course, she knew that this throwing knife belonged to Luo Zheng. During the day, she was the only one who witnessed the whole process of Luo Zheng killing the demons. She clearly recorded the location of the throwing knife, so she went up the mountain in the middle of the night to pick it up.
Luo Zheng nodded and said: "Yes, this throwing knife is mine."
"Well, although this throwing knife is broken, it still has such power. It's really a good treasure. I can return it to you, but …" Su Lingyun said: "But there's a condition."
"What condition?" Luo Zheng asked.
"Join our Xiao Yufeng." Su Lingyun's face showed a sly smile.
At this time, Luo Zheng already had a premonition that Su Lingyun would say this sentence. Before, Luo Zheng still had some hesitation about which mountain to choose.
But now, Luo Zheng already had a definite answer in his heart. Although Mentor Su seemed to be using this throwing knife to threaten him, this method was somewhat inappropriate, after all, this throwing knife was found by Mentor Su, wasn't it?
If it weren't for her, he was afraid that he wouldn't be able to get this throwing knife back.
Thinking of this, Luo Zheng nodded and said: "Tomorrow, I will choose Xiao Yufeng."
Su Lingyun smiled sweetly at Luo Zheng, then pointed her slender finger at her ring and took out two small rings from it. "This throwing knife of yours is broken, and you haven't stepped into the Xiantian Realm, so you can't use your Zhenqi to control it. It probably won't come back after you throw it out. As a gift for choosing Xiao Yufeng, I'll give this to you!"
Looking at the two small rings, Luo Zheng blinked. Obviously, he didn't understand the mystery of this gift.
＝＝＝＝＝

Chapter 35
Upon seeing this, Su Lingyun fastened one of the rings to the handle of the throwing knife, and fastened the other ring to her thumb. Then she threw the throwing knife down the mountain with all her strength!
"Ah!" Luo Zheng exclaimed. It was dark everywhere, and the flying knife was extremely sharp. It would be difficult to find it if it was thrown deep into the ground.
However, Su Lingyun flicked her hand lightly, and the flying dagger that had already been shot out returned to her. Coincidentally, she caught it in her hand.
Seeing this scene, Luo Zheng couldn't help but click his tongue in amazement.
These two small rings looked inconspicuous, but there seemed to be an invisible thread connecting them. The throwing knife only needed to be pulled gently and it could be returned to its original position.
The throwing knife was so sharp, but Su Lingyun easily caught it in her hand. Luo Zheng couldn't help but praise her.
After Luo Zheng received the throwing knife and the pair of rings, he cupped his hands and said, "Many thanks for Mentor Su's generous gift."
Mentor Su pursed her lips and smiled. She suddenly patted his head and said, "From now on, you are my, Xiao Yufeng's, person. No need to be so polite! Quickly go back and rest. Tomorrow, after the distribution of the mountain peaks, you still have to choose a cultivation method! "
After Luo Zheng nodded, he went back along the way he came.
On the way down the mountain, he fastened a small ring to his thumb and learned from Mentor Su to throw the throwing knife. However, when he pulled it back, the throwing knife actually shot toward him.
Suddenly, Luo Zheng was scared and broke out in a cold sweat. He hurriedly lay down to avoid the throwing knife. Although his body was strong, he was afraid that he wouldn't be able to block the throwing knife.
Just now, he saw Mentor Su catch the throwing knife with her bare hands so easily, but he couldn't find the trick. After experimenting several times, he slightly grasped the trick.
When he returned to the dormitory, it was already the middle of the night.
Many of the trial disciples were already asleep. Luo Zheng quietly went in and closed his eyes to sleep.
Early the next morning, the various mentors and trial disciples gathered together to discuss the distribution of the mountain peaks.
According to yesterday's statistics, the disciples participating in the Trial of Blood and Fire had already been ranked.
Luo Zheng, who was able to kill a level five phantom beast, was unquestionably ranked first. He became the target of the various mentors.
The various mentors began to quarrel over Luo Zheng.
However, these mentors were already used to this. The drama of fighting for first place was staged almost once a month.
In the end, they still couldn't give in to each other. In the end, they could only ask for Luo Zheng's opinion and let Luo Zheng choose his own place.
After the surrounding disciples heard this, they were all envious....
This Luo Zheng was really amazing. He could go to any mountain peak he wanted. Most of the outer disciples were thinking that if it were them, they would definitely choose the first ranked Tianyi Peak. That was the peak that ranked first among the 33 peaks.
The various mentors were waiting for Luo Zheng's choice. Among them, Elder Xu was the most confident. His Tianyi Peak had a great reputation and was the strongest peak among the 33 peaks. As long as one wasn't an idiot, they would choose his Tianyi Peak.
"I choose Xiao Yufeng," Luo Zheng said calmly.
As soon as these words came out, the various mentors were suddenly stunned.
Among the 33 peaks, Luo Zheng had the possibility of choosing the top ten peaks.
For example, the second ranked Black Rock Peak, or the fifth ranked Huan Ling Peak …
However, Luo Zheng actually chose the last ranked Xiao Yufeng.
What kind of situation was this?
Su Lingyun leisurely walked out and said to Luo Zheng with a smile, "I accept your choice. Now, Luo Zheng can be considered as our Xiao Yufeng's outer disciple!"
The complexions of Mentor Xu and the other mentors weren't good. At the same time, they also had some doubts. This Su Lingyun must have paid some price to bring Luo Zheng into the sect. Otherwise, Luo Zheng wouldn't have chosen Xiao Yufeng.
"Mentor Su, this isn't too good, right?" Mentor Xu was determined to get Luo Zheng.
It had always been the tradition of the 33 peaks to select the best. Although everyone understood that the current performance might not be outstanding in the future, after all, the Blue Cloud Sect had produced countless talented and proud disciples in the long river of time. However, there weren't many who had great achievements in the end.
However, the more outstanding disciples there were on their own peak, the higher the probability of them achieving great achievements. This was a simple and easy to understand principle.
"Oh? Mentor Xu? Tell me, what's not good about it? One is willing to fight and the other is willing to suffer. I think Mentor Xu understands this, right? " Mentor Su sneered and said, "If Mentor Xu wants to create more problems, I can accompany you to the end. I just don't know if you have the grace to do so."
Hearing Su Lingyun's words and Luo Zheng's calm answer, the two must have reached some kind of agreement and tacit understanding. Other than cursing Her Highness Su Lingyun in their hearts, what else could they say?
In the situation where Su Lingyun was unreasonable, they could still fight with her. However, if they still looked for trouble with Su Lingyun and annoyed her, they would simply be looking for trouble.
Therefore, the fight for first place this year came to an end. Next, they began to quarrel over the second ranked outer disciple …
After Luo Zheng chose Xiao Yufeng, Mo Can also chose Xiao Yufeng without hesitation.
After spending half a day, all the trial disciples and landowning households had their own places to go.
However, this wasn't the end. There was still a very important step, which was to choose a cultivation method suitable for oneself.
In the Blue Cloud Sect, there was a large hall called the Heavenly Book Pavilion.
In the Heavenly Book Pavilion, almost all the cultivation methods in the entire empire were collected.
However, if the disciples of the Blue Cloud Sect wanted to enter the Heavenly Book Pavilion and choose a cultivation method, it wasn't an easy task.
Every time they chose a cultivation method, they had to spend 100 points. According to the market price, it was 200 square crystals.
For landowning households, this might be a simple matter. However, for the vast majority of disciples who were born in the grassroots, this was definitely a huge sum of money.
The most black-hearted thing was that because there were too many cultivation methods in the Heavenly Book Pavilion, they were too complicated. There were also high level cultivation methods and even more low level cultivation methods. Some disciples who painstakingly accumulated 100 points only to exchange for an ordinary "Reckless Ox Fist" book.
This kind of cultivation method could only be sold for a few dozen taels of gold in the imperial capital. It was a genuine commodity. It was a huge loss.
Thus, the selection of cultivation methods in the Heavenly Book Pavilion was very particular.
All the outer sect disciples had one free opportunity to enter the Heavenly Book Pavilion to choose a cultivation method.
Under the guidance of the mentors, everyone moved towards the Heavenly Book Pavilion.
The deeper they went into the depths of the Blue Cloud Sect, the more they could feel the vastness of the Blue Cloud Sect. Everyone passed through a mountain forest, a lake, and a variety of magnificent buildings before finally stopping in front of a large hall.
This large hall was completely purple. If one looked carefully, they would be able to see rays of purple light being emitted from it.
Luo Zheng stared at the countless rays of purple light, his eyes slightly uncomfortable. This feeling was very strange. It was similar to the pressure emitted by Qinglong's sculpture in his mind, but its power was naturally much weaker.
"Everyone, don't keep staring at those rays of light. These rays of light can pass through your eyes and harm your soul," one of the mentors warned.
Hearing that these rays of light could harm one's soul, all the outer sect disciples were shocked and quickly averted their gazes.
The soul was the most important thing to a person. Damage to the soul was called "damage to the spirit". If it was light, one would feel dizzy and weak for a few days. If it was heavy, one would not be able to move for a few years or even become an idiot.
"Mentor, what are these rays of light?" an outer sect disciple asked.
"This is' Will '," the mentor explained.
"Everything in this world has the existence of 'Will'. Humans have Will, Heaven has Will, Swords have Sword Intent, and Sabers also have Saber Intent." The mentor pointed at the purple rays of light and said, "That purple ray of light was once a Xingtian Beast. After it was killed by our Blue Cloud Sect, it was buried here. That is its Xingtian Will."
Hearing this, Luo Zheng's mind suddenly moved.
If that was the case, then the pressure of the Azure Dragon in his mind was the Dragon Will?
Thinking of the feeling of his soul being continuously torn apart by Dragon Intent, Luo Zheng would never forget that kind of pain. But what was this Will? How could he figure it out?
Luo Zheng did not rashly ask this question.
After everyone walked onto the platform in front of the Heavenly Book Pavilion, the mentors stopped.
"This is your only chance to choose a secret cultivation method for free. You can go. I will kindly remind you that the deeper you go into the Heavenly Book Pavilion, the higher the level of the cultivation method. However, the deeper you go, the more powerful the Heaven Punishing Intent becomes. Even if you close your eyes, the Heaven Punishing Intent will still injure your soul. So, go as far as you can. Don't try to be brave, "warned one of the instructors.
Hearing this, the outer sect disciples spread out and walked towards the Heavenly Book Pavilion.
Luo Zheng walked up the stairs. After passing through the stairs and through the door, he entered a magnificent hall.
In the center of the hall, Luo Zheng saw a large character cast from black iron. It was the character "Huang".
"This is the outermost area of the Heavenly Book Pavilion. All the cultivation methods here are Yellow-class. They are all trash cultivation methods, worthless!"
Several landowning households' disciples shouted. Then they walked past the "Huang" character and walked inside.
Those Yellow-class cultivation methods were densely packed on the bookshelves. Luo Zheng casually estimated that just one bookshelf could hold 10,000 Yellow-class cultivation methods. There were a total of 20 bookshelves here, so wouldn't there be 200,000 Yellow-class cultivation methods?
Yellow-class cultivation methods were widely spread in the empire. Although the words of those landowning households' disciples were unpleasant to hear, they were indeed worthless.
Only a small number of people stayed here. Most of the people walked inside.
Luo Zheng did not think too much and followed the group. However, he noticed that Mo Can did not follow them. Instead, he stayed in the hall with the Yellow-class cultivation methods.
After walking a few feet forward, everyone entered another large hall. In the middle of this large hall, there was the word "Xuan".
Needless to say, this was the hall with the Yellow-class cultivation methods.
In this hall, the purple Xingtian Will gradually increased. Some people felt uncomfortable and retreated.
Resisting the pressure of the Xingtian Will relied on the strength of the soul.
Most of the people present had not tempered their souls. Some people were born with strong souls, while others were born with weak souls. This had nothing to do with strength. It was almost an innate difference.
Although a few outer sect disciples felt very uncomfortable, they did not want to give up. Thus, they closed their eyes and resisted the pressure of the Xingtian Will.
After a while, their faces turned green and black, as if they were about to faint. In the end, they had no choice but to retreat. There was even one person who fainted in the hall and was carried back.
Most of the remaining people understood that the hall with the Yellow-class cultivation methods was their limit. If they went any further, they might hurt their souls.
Thus, most people stayed here to search for their own cultivation methods.
Only a few people continued to walk forward.

Chapter 36
There were a total of four people beside Luo Zheng. One of them was the tower-like brawny man holding a large sword.
Unexpectedly, this tower-like brawny man not only had a strong body and boundless strength, but also a powerful soul. There were indeed many outstanding disciples in the Blue Cloud Sect.
Continuing forward, they arrived at the "Earth" Hall.
In this hall, purple light could be seen everywhere.
Of the five people who entered the hall, except for Luo Zheng, the other four people's complexions were not very good.
One person's complexion suddenly became deathly pale. It was a descendant of a landowning household. Obviously, it was difficult for him to resist the pressure of Xingtian Intent. That descendant of a landowning household took out a dark gray pill from his pocket and swallowed it. When that person opened his eyes again, his eyes were emitting a pale golden light. Luo Zheng immediately understood that the pill should be able to strengthen his soul and help him resist the pressure of Xingtian Intent.
Descendant of a landowning household was really rich. Luo Zheng silently praised in his heart. If he was a commoner, how could he have the help of such a pill?
The five people stopped in the hall. Now, they could all choose from Earth class techniques!
In the Eastern region, techniques were divided into four ranks: Heaven, Earth, Black, and Yellow.
Among them, Yellow class techniques were the most common. There were countless of them, and their prices were naturally the cheapest. Some martial arts centers could learn them.
As for Black class techniques, they were slightly rarer. Generally, they were passed down by small families. For example, the "Red Sandalwood Fist" practiced by Luo Zheng was a Black class technique. After all, the Luo Family was not a rich and powerful family. In a large family, the "Red Sandalwood Fist" was already very rare. Generally, it would not be easily passed down to others. Therefore, even ordinary descendant of a branch family did not have the qualifications to practice it.
As for Earth class techniques, they were even more precious.
For example, the descendant of a landowning household often practiced Earth class techniques.
In this hall of Earth class techniques, there was only one shelf. It had to be said that the Blue Cloud Sect had a deep foundation. Just the Earth class techniques alone were several hundred. He believed that it would not be difficult to find one that was suitable for him to practice.
Luo Zheng stood in front of the cabinet and glanced at it. He began to ponder in his heart. What kind of cultivation method should he practice?
"Red Sandalwood Fist" was good, but after entering the Blue Cloud Sect, it wasn't enough. It couldn't fully display Luo Zheng's strength, and it would be at a disadvantage if it encountered people who used high-level techniques.
After pondering for a while, Luo Zheng still decided to continue forward!
Although the purple light in the hall was powerful, it was still inferior to Qinglong's dragon intent. The two were not comparable at all.
Furthermore, Luo Zheng's soul had been burned by the black flames in his body. The strength of his soul was far stronger than an ordinary person's. Therefore, he needed to choose a stronger cultivation method for himself.
When Luo Zheng continued to walk forward, the four people all looked at him in surprise.
"You don't want to live anymore. The Heaven class cultivation technique hall's Heaven Punishing Will is extremely dense. You won't be able to endure it," warned the large man.
In the face of the kind reminder, Luo Zheng nodded and said, "I know, but I don't want to try."
"Hehe, if he wants to throw away his life, then let him go. I've seen too many people who don't know the immensity of heaven and earth. It's said that the Heaven class cultivation technique hall's Heaven Punishing Will is like a real substance that can invisibly kill people. Before tempering your soul, only death awaits you if you enter," the landowning household child sneered.
Hearing the landowning household child's sarcasm, Luo Zheng smiled faintly. He was too lazy to argue and walked into the next hall.
Heaven class hall.
The scale of this hall was much smaller than the previous halls.
Every Heaven class cultivation technique was extremely rare. Even within the landowning household, it was classified as a secret that wasn't passed on.
In the Heaven class hall, there was only one bookcase. Compared to the previous tall and extravagant bookcases, this bookcase was very short and shabby. The bookcase was made of wood and had many holes eaten by insects.
After Luo Zheng stepped into this hall, he felt that the Heaven Punishing Will seemed to have completely changed.
The purple light had already disappeared, replaced by purple shadows. The silhouette of the shadows outlined the image of an exotic beast.
Probably sensing that someone had stepped into the Heaven class cultivation technique hall, the shadows that were slowly drifting in the hall rushed towards Luo Zheng one by one.
Those purple shadows were illusory and naturally wouldn't cause any harm to Luo Zheng's body. But when those shadows rushed into Luo Zheng's body, he discovered that they were directly attacking his soul.
Stabbing pain came from the depths of Luo Zheng's mind.
This kind of pain might be fatal to others. But the strength of Luo Zheng's soul was far stronger than the average person's.
Even so, he still felt that he was suffering.
Every time those illusory shadows rushed over, it was like an awl piercing into his mind, causing intense pain.
This kind of pain had nothing to do with the physical body, but came from the spiritual plane. Unable to avoid it, Luo Zheng could only take it all in.
Every time those purple shadows attacked Luo Zheng, his soul couldn't help but tremble.
The first time was fine, but the second time, the third time, the fourth time …
After too many times, Luo Zheng was somewhat unable to bear it.
Things on the spiritual plane were often mysterious and abstruse. Luo Zheng had never heard of spiritual attacks, so naturally, he couldn't fight back.
Luo Zheng pressed his teeth, his eyes bloodshot. At this moment, a trace of the thought of giving up appeared in Luo Zheng's mind.
He absolutely couldn't give up like this!
Luo Zheng had already endured inhuman spiritual torture once.
At that time, he had been constantly torn apart, broken, and repaired by the pressure of Qinglong's Will. The pain he had suffered then was a thousand times, ten thousand times worse than what he was experiencing now.
"What's this little bit of pain! Just treat it as a kind of tempering for my soul! "
Luo Zheng shook his head and forced himself to be spirited. Step by step, he walked into the Heaven Level Method Hall.
Just as Luo Zheng was enduring the attacks of those illusory shadows and walking towards the small wooden cabinet, he saw that there was actually a passage behind the Heaven Level Method Hall.
"There's another passage? Could it be that the Heaven Level Method Hall isn't the best? "A trace of doubt flashed through Luo Zheng's mind.
Ever since he was a child, Luo Zheng had only heard that methods were divided into four ranks: Heaven, Earth, Black, and Yellow. The Heaven Level was the peak, but he had never heard of a method stronger than the Heaven Level Method.
His mind moved. Should he go in and give it a try?
Luo Zheng's gaze swept over the cabinets. He was a little hesitant. The temptation of a Heaven-class cultivation method was already too great for him. If it was in the past, let alone a Heaven-class cultivation method, even an Earth-class cultivation method would make him laugh his head off.
After hesitating for a while, Luo Zheng still couldn't suppress the curiosity in his heart.
Others simply didn't have the opportunity to enter the Heaven Level Method Hall. Since he had this opportunity, why not give it a try?
Thinking of this, Luo Zheng gave up the opportunity to choose a Heaven Level Method Hall and continued to walk forward.
This passage wasn't wide, and the decoration was very poor. The corridor's floor and walls had already decayed. When Luo Zheng crossed the corridor, he suddenly felt a burst of relief.
The pressure of the Xingtian Intent had actually disappeared?
With a belly full of doubts, Luo Zheng continued to walk forward. Finally, he found that he had entered a stone room.
This stone room was circular and the space wasn't large. In the center of this stone room, there was actually a pure black tombstone.
Luo Zheng immediately realized that this was actually a cemetery!
The moment Luo Zheng understood, a Demonic Beast condensed from purple light rushed out of the tombstone.
This Demonic Beast was very similar to the purple shadows in the Heaven Level Method Hall. In contrast, this Demonic Beast was much more realistic. Its entire body was purple and lifelike. Its eyes even emitted a hateful gaze.
"I understand. This cemetery should be the tomb of the Xingtian Beast. Then, this Demonic Beast should be the soul body of the Xingtian Beast. This Xingtian Beast is actually so tenacious. After so many years, its will can still exist in this space and emit such a powerful Xingtian Intent! I wonder who it was that killed this Xingtian Beast? "
Luo Zheng secretly exclaimed. At the same time, his face revealed vigilance. This Xingtian Beast's remnant soul aura was much stronger than those phantoms. The pressure it gave Luo Zheng was also much stronger. Just a glance from this soul body made him feel as if someone was smashing his head with a hammer!
Extreme danger!
If this soul source really pounced on him, his soul would probably be instantly torn apart and he would become a soulless idiot.
After realizing the danger ahead, Luo Zheng carefully retreated. He was afraid that he would disturb the soul source of the Xingtian Beast and arouse its ferocious nature.
But when he looked back, a bitter smile suddenly appeared on his face. In the passage behind him, the purple phantoms were densely stacked together, tightly blocking the passage.
This Blue Cloud Sect is too sinister. I'm just choosing a cultivation method. Is there a need to create such a dangerous trap for me to step into? Luo Zheng couldn't help cursing in his heart.
Luo Zheng didn't know that in the Blue Cloud Sect, very few people could enter the Heaven Level Method Hall.
The strength of one's soul wasn't directly related to one's strength. Even Xiantian Secret Realm powerhouses wouldn't be able to step into the Heaven Level Method Hall if their soul strength wasn't strong enough, let alone enter the tomb behind the hall.
Luo Zheng had just taken two steps back when the phantoms in the passage behind him were like startled bats. They spread towards Luo Zheng. At the same time, the soul body of the Xingtian Beast howled and pounced towards Luo Zheng.
Shit!
Luo Zheng couldn't care less at this moment. Choosing the lesser of two evils, he rushed towards the phantoms in the passage. Although the phantoms attacked Luo Zheng's soul, it was still better than being torn to pieces by the soul body behind him.
But although Luo Zheng's speed was fast, the soul body was even faster. In the blink of an eye, it arrived behind Luo Zheng.
"Roar!"
The soul source let out a strange cry. It was only a few inches away from Luo Zheng. When Luo Zheng turned his head, he could see his own frightened appearance reflected in its dark eyes.
At this critical moment, the giant furnace in his mind suddenly rotated slowly, and a deep dragon roar came from the depths of his mind.
"This is the roar of that Qinglong sculpture!"
As soon as the majestic dragon roar appeared, the purple shadows that were attacking Luo Zheng immediately scattered. It was as if they had met their natural nemesis, and they were afraid that they wouldn't be able to escape.
The soul source also jumped away from Luo Zheng, as if its tail had been set on fire. It stared at Luo Zheng vigilantly, its dark eyes full of fear. It seemed to want to pounce on him again, but it was very afraid of that dragon roar. It kept rubbing its claws on the ground, and let out a deep roar.
Seeing this scene, Luo Zheng's face showed a smile. He didn't expect that Qinglong's roar was their natural nemesis!
Every time Luo Zheng took a step forward, the soul source took a step back.
Finally, under Luo Zheng's pressure, the soul source jumped onto the tombstone. It opened its mouth and roared twice at Luo Zheng, and finally drilled into the black tombstone.
Luo Zheng could hear that the roar was full of unwillingness.
It was really dangerous just now. If the Qinglong sculpture in his mind hadn't suddenly made a sound, his soul would have been obliterated.
Now that the danger was over, he smiled faintly and began to explore the stone room.
When he came in, he noticed that there was also a cabinet in the round stone room.
Luo Zheng walked forward and saw that there were two cultivation methods on the cabinet.
There were only two cultivation methods? What kind of cultivation methods were these two?
He reached out and took the only cultivation method. This cultivation method looked very shabby, like an ordinary old book from an old bookstall. Moreover, it was covered in a thick layer of dust.
In order to see the cover of this cultivation method clearly, Luo Zheng gently patted it a few times, brushing off the dust. Only then did he see three big words on the cover of the book.

Chapter 37
This secret book turned out to be a fist technique.
He opened the first page and glanced at the densely packed small characters. Luo Zheng then realized that this was a translation of the Demon language.
The so-called translation of the Demon language was translated from the language of the Demon race.
This was actually a cultivation method for the Demon race?
That was indeed what was written on the text. This Demonic Body Refining Art was a cultivation method specifically for the Demon race.
The cultivation method of the Demon race had very high requirements for the physical strength.
The strength of the human body, after going through body refining, would be greatly improved, but compared to the strength of the Demon race, the strength of the human body was not on the same level.
The strength of the human body at the Bone Refining stage was about the same as the strength of a four or five-year-old child of the Demon race.
But Luo Zheng's body, after going through body refining, was comparable to a high-grade Profound Weapon.
For the vast majority of humans, this was an insurmountable threshold, but for Luo Zheng, it could not be more suitable.
Luo Zheng put away the "Heavenly Demon God's Fist" and left the tomb.
When he just walked out of the tomb and arrived at the Heaven class cultivation method hall, he found that there was an old man in white in the hall.
The old man stood with his hands behind his back. He had an extraordinary bearing and his eyes were hale and hearty.
"Although the power of the Demonic God Fist is great, it has high requirements for the body and is extremely difficult to cultivate. Being able to come here shows that the strength of your soul is far superior to that of ordinary people. If your soul is strong, you can cultivate 《Dark Meditation》 and 《Blood Devil Kill》, these Heaven class cultivation methods. Why did you choose the 《Demonic God Fist》 that is difficult to cultivate?"
The old man stared at Luo Zheng and said faintly.
"I saw that this cultivation method was placed at the back of the Heaven class cultivation method hall. Presumably, this cultivation method should be more powerful than the Heaven class cultivation method …" Luo Zheng answered truthfully. Just now, he really thought so.
Luo Zheng's honest answer was out of the old man's expectation. Then the old man shook his head and said, "You are right. The two secret books in the tomb are far more powerful than the Heaven class cultivation method, but the one that suits you is the best. Presumably, young man, you should understand this principle. I think you'd better return this 《Demonic God Fist》 and choose another one."
Listening to the old man's words, it seemed that he was not very happy that Luo Zheng took the 《Demonic God Fist》. But since he took a fancy to it and did not violate any rules, he naturally did not want to return it. Therefore, Luo Zheng did not bother to answer the old man's question.. Instead, he asked, "Far more powerful than the Heaven class cultivation method? I heard that the cultivation methods in the world are divided into four levels, namely Heaven, Earth, Black, and Yellow. How can this 《Demonic God Fist》 be more powerful than the Heaven class cultivation method? "
The old man smiled slightly, as if he had seen through Luo Zheng's trick. "Since you don't want to return the 《Demonic God Fist》, it's up to you. As for the cultivation methods of Heaven, Earth, Black, and Fantasy, they are passed down by people all over the world. The mysteries of the world we live in are endless. How can it be limited to the words' Heaven, Earth, Black, and Yellow '? This is a Saint class cultivation method from the Devil Race. "
Saint class cultivation method!
Luo Zheng was shocked. He thought that the Heaven class cultivation method had reached the peak. He did not expect that there was a Saint class cultivation method above the Heaven class cultivation method.
Seeing Luo Zheng's reaction, the old man smiled again. "The higher you stand, the further you can see. The Saint class cultivation method is not necessarily the most powerful cultivation method."
"Is there a cultivation method more powerful than the Saint class cultivation method?" Luo Zheng asked.
This time, the old man did not answer directly. He only said, "For this kind of thing, the key is the human heart!" The old man pointed to his chest and said, "Let's not talk about this. Since you got the 《Demonic God Fist》 and insist on practicing it, I won't stop you. This book was placed here, but I didn't expect that an outer disciple would take it away. Since you got it, it can be considered fate. But this cultivation method involves too many things. If someone outside asks what kind of cultivation method you took," the old man stretched out his hand, and a book flew out from the wooden cabinet of the Heaven class cultivation method hall. "You can say that you chose this one."
He took a look at the cultivation method, and his eyes suddenly lit up. He wrote three big words on this Heaven class cultivation method, 《Frightening Spirit Thorn》.
Any random secret book in this hall was a Heaven class cultivation method. He did not expect that he could take out two cultivation methods at once. Of course, Luo Zheng laughed in his heart.
After he thanked the old man, he strode out of the Heaven class cultivation method hall.
But at this time, he heard the old man say, "Wait, you … aren't you curious about who I am?"
"Curious?" Luo Zheng stopped. Suddenly, he patted his head and said, "I still don't know who you are …"
"Forget it, forget it. Kid, your acting is too fake." The old man did not know whether to laugh or cry. This kid clearly did not take him seriously. He said, "Although the Blue Cloud Sect is big, if you are not a fish in a pond, we will meet again sooner or later."
Luo Zheng chuckled when he heard that. He then turned around and left.
After Luo Zheng left, the old man stood there for a long time. Finally, he sighed and muttered to the air in front of him, "I didn't expect that after so many years, that cultivation method would still be taken away. If it wasn't heaven's will, I don't think you would believe it, right?"
Luo Zheng naturally did not hear the old man's words. Even if he did, he would not understand the meaning of the words.
The few people in the Earth class cultivation method hall had already left. There was no one in the Profound class cultivation method hall.
In the Heavenly Book Pavilion, one had to bear the pressure of the Xingtian Will at all times. It was indeed not a good place. After they chose a cultivation method suitable for themselves, they naturally left quickly.
Luo Zheng was the last to walk out of the Heavenly Book Pavilion.
When he came out, the other trial disciples of the other 32 peaks had already left.
Only Xiao Yufeng's group was waiting here.
"Sorry for making you wait," Luo Zheng said to everyone with a smile after he came out.
"It's nothing. We will be Xiao Yufeng's martial brothers in the future. Everyone, please take care of us in the future!" An outer court disciple said.
This group of outer court disciples who chose to enter Xiao Yufeng were all from humble backgrounds. There was not a single descendant of a landowning family. Everyone was surprisingly patient.
Su Lingyun was originally standing not far away and looking at something. When she saw Luo Zheng come out, she asked with a smile, "You entered the Heavenly class cultivation method hall?"
Only the few people in the Earth class cultivation method hall knew that Luo Zheng had entered the Heavenly class cultivation method hall. Su Lingyun must have heard about it from the other mentors.
When the outer court disciples of Xiao Yufeng heard Mentor Su's words, their eyes suddenly widened. They only thought that Luo Zheng was delayed by picking and choosing, so he came out late. Who would have thought that Luo Zheng could actually enter the Heavenly class cultivation method hall? How powerful was his soul?
Luo Zheng only thought that Su Lingyun was going to ask him what cultivation method he had chosen. In any case, the white-clothed old man had given him a Heavenly class cultivation method, "Frightening Spirit Thorn". He was about to say it, but he didn't expect Su Lingyun to wave her hand and say, "Don't say what good cultivation method you have chosen. In the Blue Cloud Sect, you must learn to keep your secrets. Everyone, let's hurry up and go to Xiao Yufeng before it gets dark."
After everyone gathered, Su Lingyun brought them out of the Heavenly Book Pavilion.
After walking for about four hours in the Blue Cloud Sect, a steep mountain peak appeared in front of them. This was Xiao Yufeng, one of the 33 peaks.
On top of Xiao Yufeng, there were rows of neatly built pavilions. The mountain was covered in clouds and mist, and it was as beautiful as a fairyland.
After Su Lingyun brought everyone to Xiao Yufeng, she found a few outer disciples and gave them a few instructions. Then, she left in a hurry. It seemed that she had other important things to do.
One of the outer disciples came forward and cupped his hands to Luo Zheng and the others. "My name is Zhou Xian. Welcome to Xiao Yufeng. I will be in charge of your affairs."
After greeting each other, Luo Zheng and the others followed Zhou Xian to go through the various procedures of becoming an inner disciple.
For example, changing the disciple card, receiving the outer disciple's uniform, assigning living quarters, and so on.
After Mo Can received the outer disciple's white robe, he couldn't wait to put it on. He said with a proud face, "Haha, I don't know how awe-inspiring it is to walk around the streets of the imperial capital in this white robe. Let's see who dares to provoke me!"
Seeing this scene, Zhou Xian said with a smile, "It's just a white robe. If you practice hard and become an inner disciple, you can wear a black robe. That's something to be proud of!"
Mo Can didn't take it to heart. He said with a smile, "I don't know when that will happen."
"Brother Mo Can, don't belittle yourself. Don't inner disciples also start as outer disciples?" Zhou Xian was a warm-hearted person. He explained the outer disciple's rules in detail.
"The Blue Cloud Sect's rules are very complicated, but the most important one is strength!" Zhou Xian said, "Those rules are set for the weak. If you want to jump out of these rules, it's very simple. Either you have great strength, or you have great talent. Let others think that you have great strength in the future!"
Hearing Zhou Xian's words, Luo Zheng was moved. In fact, it wasn't only the Blue Cloud Sect that was like this. In Burning Heaven Imperial Capital, even the entire Eastern Region, and the entire world, how could it not be like this? Whoever's fist was bigger had the final say. This was a principle that applied everywhere.
If he had strength, why would he need to come to the Blue Cloud Sect? A single sentence could save Purgatory Mountain's Luo Yan.
When he thought of Luo Yan, this was the person Luo Zheng cared about the most. He immediately asked, "Brother Zhou Xian, I want to ask you about something."
Zhou Xian nodded. "There's no harm in asking."
"Where is the Blue Cloud Sect's Purgatory Mountain?" Luo Zheng asked with a serious face.
Zhou Xian's eyebrows jumped. His voice became a bit louder. "Purgatory Mountain? Why are you bringing up that unlucky place? "
"Oh, I just wanted to ask." Luo Zheng said.
"Purgatory Mountain is located in the northwest corner of Blue Cloud Sect. It is an independent mountain peak. All of the sect's disciples who have made serious mistakes will be locked up there. I obviously haven't entered, but I heard that the environment inside Purgatory Mountain is extremely vile. Our Blue Cloud Sect has several thousand disciples locked up in Purgatory Mountain to reflect on their mistakes!" After Zhou Xian finished speaking, he gave Luo Zheng's expression a look. He then asked, "Don't tell me you have some friends locked up in Purgatory Mountain?"
Luo Zheng didn't reply to this question. He only asked, "Is there any way to enter Purgatory Mountain?"
＝＝＝＝＝

Chapter 38
"There are two methods!" Zhou Xian gestured. "The first method is to spend a hundred points to exchange for a chance to visit Purgatory Mountain."
"Points?"
Ever since he entered the Blue Cloud Sect, Luo Zheng had heard people talk about points several times.
For example, when he participated in the sea examination, that elder told him that if he wanted to enter that powerful pressure space, he needed points.
Before participating in the Trial of Blood and Fire, he had a dispute with that Wang Family disciple. In the end, that Wang Family inner disciple had a thousand points deducted.
"What exactly are these points? And how do I obtain them? "Luo Zheng asked.
"In the Blue Cloud Sect, as disciples, we have to deal with all kinds of things. I really do need to tell you all in detail." Then, Zhou Xian told Luo Zheng and the others tirelessly. "When we are promoted from outer sect disciple to inner sect disciple, we need points. We need points to exchange for pills for cultivation. Even our daily meals and accommodations need points! These points will be recorded in your disciple tokens! "
"How do you obtain a hundred points? How long do you need to obtain them? " Luo Zheng didn't care about the various uses of points for now. What he cared about was how to obtain a hundred points and enter Purgatory Mountain to visit Luo Yan.
"Our Xiao Yufeng's teacher will issue missions every day. By completing these missions, you can obtain points. The rewards for outer sect disciples are very low. If you want to rely on completing missions to obtain a hundred points, it will take about half a year. I have been in the Blue Cloud Sect for so long, but I haven't even obtained a hundred points." Zhou Xian said with a smile.
"Half a year?" Luo Zheng frowned. This was too long. He couldn't afford to wait. "Is there a faster way?"
"There is. You can buy points. Two square crystals can be exchanged for one point. A hundred points will cost two hundred square crystals." Zhou Xian said.
When he heard that he could use square crystals to buy points, Luo Zheng's mind immediately jumped. He didn't have many other things, but he still had over a hundred square crystals in his spatial ring. But when he heard that the points were so expensive that two square crystals could only buy one point, Luo Zheng was a little depressed.
According to this exchange rate, any outer sect disciple of the Blue Cloud Sect would be able to live like a rich man for the rest of his life.
One hundred square crystals could only be exchanged for fifty points. Where was he going to get another fifty points?
If it was a mission, it would take at least three months of time. Luo Zheng really wanted to head to Purgatory Mountain right now.
"Just now, you said that there were two ways to enter Purgatory Mountain. I want to know what the other way is." Luo Zheng asked.
Zhou Xian chuckled. "It's simple. If you purposely violate Blue Cloud Sect's rules, you'll receive the punishment you deserve, be sent to Purgatory Mountain."
"…"
Luo Zheng was silent for a while before he laughed involuntarily and said, "This is a good idea."
It was a good idea, but in the end, it was still just a joke.
He wasn't a descendant of a landowning household, nor did he have anyone he could rely on in Blue Cloud Sect. He didn't have a better way to enter right now, so this matter couldn't be rushed. He could only take things slowly.
Even though Luo Zheng really wanted to grow a pair of wings and fly into Purgatory Mountain to rescue Luo Yan, Luo Zheng understood that this type of thinking wasn't realistic.
In the following few days, Luo Zheng wasn't in a rush to take on missions. He wanted to first digest the two secret manuals in his hands.
He had a Saint Grade Cultivation Technique and a Heaven Grade Cultivation Technique.
Wanting to completely digest and comprehend them in a short amount of time was undoubtedly the ravings of a fool. No matter how great one's talent was, it was still impossible.
He roughly read through the [Demonic God Fist], immediately understanding why that elder said that this sacred level technique was extremely difficult to cultivate.
The most important point of cultivating the Demonic God Fist was to grasp the Demonic True Energy!
When Luo Zheng cultivated the [Red Sandalwood Fist], his entire body would produce streaks of purple radiance. This was precisely the true energy of the [Red Sandalwood Fist].
Different cultivation methods would produce different types of true energy.
For example, that Artificer Xie Lang's cultivation method produced a type of lotus shaped true flame, which was actually also a type of true energy.
Luo Zheng's comprehension ability was extremely great. Back then, when Luo Zheng cultivated the [Red Sandalwood Fist], he only used a single day to produce energy. In three days, his body produced the first strand of purple radiance.
When he opened the first page of the [Demonic God Fist], there was a diagram on it. It depicted a Demonic Race individual in a strange posture.
His arms spread outwards, at the same time, his legs bent inwards, and then his waist straightened.
When Luo Zheng did this, it was extremely awkward.
After assuming this posture, Luo Zheng operated the power within his body according to the diagram's instructions.
After a cycle, his body was completely empty. There wasn't the slightest reaction.
The first time, it was ineffective.
The second time, there was still no reaction.
The third time …
Luo Zheng was very patient. It would be strange if he could master such a saint level cultivation technique in such a short period of time.
…
The fiftieth time …
The hundredth time …
The two-hundredth time …
During these three days, Luo Zheng didn't rest or sleep. He repeatedly cultivated in his own room.
In the end, there wasn't the slightest effect.
After three days, Luo Zheng's eyes finally revealed a trace of doubt.
The [Demonic God Fist] was difficult to cultivate. Luo Zheng had already mentally prepared himself for this.
After all, this was a holy level cultivation method. Moreover, it came from the Demonic Race. The operation method recorded in the mental cultivation method was different from many human mental cultivation methods.
For example, "Force from the front, surge from the back, force from the back, float up, up and down, without beginning or trace, cycle back and forth." This passage was to repeatedly spread the power from the front of the chest and circulate it along the five viscera and six bowels.
Most people couldn't do this alone.
According to this method, one would suffer internal injuries after one cycle. After two or three cycles, one's ribs would probably be broken.
Fortunately, Luo Zheng's body was tyrannical. This little trouble was no trouble for Luo Zheng.
However, Luo Zheng clearly operated his power according to the mental cultivation method, but he couldn't produce even a trace of Demonic Qi.
Could it be that there was something wrong with his cultivation method?
He wasn't afraid of going astray, but he was afraid of going astray. Luo Zheng decided to put the [Demonic God Fist] aside for the time being, and turned to study the Heaven level cultivation method [Frightening Divine Thorn].
Compared to the [Demonic God Fist], the [Frightening Divine Thorn] was much easier for Luo Zheng to cultivate. Although the [Frightening Divine Thorn] was a Heaven level cultivation method, it wasn't difficult to cultivate. However, it had extremely high requirements for the strength of the soul.
The [Frightening Divine Thorn] actually taught Luo Zheng how to release his soul for a short period of time. At the same time, it transformed into a long soul thorn that could pierce the opponent's soul like the Xingtian Will, causing the opponent to be caught off guard and fall into a temporary dizziness.
The advantage was that it was very practical. During a battle, if the [Frightening Divine Thorn] was used unexpectedly, it would often affect the battle due to a short period of dizziness. If it was a battle of life and death, it might decide the outcome of the battle!
However, the [Frightening Divine Thorn] had a very fatal flaw. If the opponent's soul was stronger than his, the [Frightening Divine Thorn] would be ineffective against him.
At this stage, there were probably not many people whose soul was stronger than Luo Zheng's.
With Luo Zheng's comprehension ability, the speed at which he cultivated the [Frightening Divine Thorn] was not slow. In three days, Luo Zheng had comprehended the method of "releasing the soul" mentioned in the [Frightening Divine Thorn].
There was a big difference between releasing the soul and releasing the Vital Essence.
To release the Vital Essence, one had to enter the Xiantian Secret Realm to be able to transform one's natal Vital Essence into Vital Essence and control it to leave the body at will to attack the opponent.
However, releasing the soul was to directly release one's soul outside the body. Therefore, the [Frightening Divine Thorn] cultivation technique did not have any requirements for one's realm, but it had extremely high requirements for one's soul.
This was because a person's soul was very fragile. Once it left the body, it would be injured by the evil aura outside.
If a person with a weak soul were to cultivate this [Frightening Divine Thorn] cultivation technique, it would not take long for him to "injure his soul".
However, this was not a difficult thing for Luo Zheng.
He could be considered to have succeeded in releasing the soul, but the next step, "Transforming the Soul into a Thorn", was very troublesome for Luo Zheng.
"Transforming the Soul into a Thorn" sounded very simple. It was to transform one's soul into a sharp thorn.
It was easier said than done. When Luo Zheng really tried to cultivate it, he discovered that this was not the case. Every time he condensed his soul into a thorn, he would have an uncomfortable feeling in his heart. As a result, he naturally failed.
In the following ten days, Luo Zheng was stuck at the step of "Transforming the Soul into a Thorn". No matter how much he studied, he was unable to successfully condense it.
In the end, Luo Zheng's face revealed a trace of a bitter smile. As expected, it was not so easy to successfully cultivate a heaven-class cultivation technique.
If he wanted to comprehend a Heaven class cultivation method and a Saint class cultivation method in a short period of time, it was undoubtedly a fool's dream. The path of cultivation relied on the accumulation of hard work day and night, and it was something that couldn't be rushed.
Luo Zheng had been in seclusion for so long that he had not had time to take a good look at the Xiao Yufeng. Today, he put aside these matters and decided to go out and take a look.
He had only just entered the Xiao Yufeng, yet he had been in seclusion for half a month. Luo Zheng's strange actions attracted the attention of many outer sect disciples.
Luo Zheng walked out of his small room. He looked at himself in the bronze mirror at the door. Looking at his sloppy appearance, he almost did not recognize himself.
Coincidentally, Mo Can was passing by. He pulled Mo Can to the Xiao Yufeng's bathhouse to take a bath.
On the Xiao Yufeng, there was a bathhouse, a dining hall, a forest garden, a tea room. All kinds of living facilities were available.
After taking a comfortable bath, the two went to the dining hall to eat.
In this dining hall, there were neatly arranged tables and chairs in a row. The large dining hall was beautifully decorated. It was comparable to the imperial palace's forbidden courtyard. It was magnificent.
The two of them sat down, and someone served them an exquisite meal.
The food was delicious. Even the rice was Dragontooth Rice, which was specially provided in the Eastern Domain. Generally, only the core members of the family were qualified to enjoy this kind of rice. It was glutinous but not sticky. It was sweet but not greasy. In the Blue Cloud Sect, it was a common thing. All outer sect disciples could eat it at will.
When the two picked up their chopsticks and were about to eat, six or seven people walked in from the entrance of the dining hall. They went straight to Luo Zheng and Mo Can.

Chapter 39
When Mo Can saw this, he secretly pulled on Luo Zheng's sleeves and said, "Let's just change locations."
He couldn't afford to provoke these people, but he could still hide from them, right?
Luo Zheng only minded his own business as he ate, not raising his head, nor paying him any attention.
"I told you to get lost, did you not hear me?" When that young man saw that Luo Zheng didn't move at all, he slammed his palm on the dining table. This dining table was made from rock wood, so it was exceptionally sturdy. When that young man's palm landed on the dining table, a palm imprint was left behind. This young man's palm strength was clearly powerful.
Luo Zheng continued to eat with his head lowered, chewing and swallowing slowly, as if the great disturbance around him had nothing to do with him.
"My ass!"
When the young man saw that Luo Zheng still didn't react, he instead spat into Luo Zheng's plate, saying with a sneer, "Let's see how you're going to eat this!"
Luo Zheng suddenly stood up. A hand reached out like lightning, grabbing that young man's collar, while his other hand clenched into a fist, clearly about to smash down.
However, right at this time, Mo Can on the side pulled Luo Zheng back, saying urgently, "Brother Luo Zheng, you can't fight here. According to Blue Cloud Sect's rules, if disciples fight each other, points will be deducted. If your points aren't enough, you'll be kicked out of Blue Cloud Sect in the lightest case, or locked up in Purgatory Mountain in the worst case!"
When he heard Mo Can's words, Luo Zheng also calmed down. After joining Xiao Yufeng for a few days, he also understood these rules.
Before Luo Zheng grew up, these rules were like a pool of lightning, impossible to cross. Zhou Xian had said this before, and Instructor Su Lingyun had also mentioned this to them.
This young man had obviously come prepared. His goal was to lure him into a fight and force him to violate the sect rules so that he could be chased out of the Blue Cloud Sect.
Thinking of this, a faint smile suddenly appeared on Luo Zheng's face. He let go of his hand, then stared at the young man and said slowly, "I don't know who ordered you to make trouble for me, but to be honest, I'm worried about your IQ. You can only think of such a despicable way to provoke me! Since you want to die so much, I'll give you a chance to challenge me. How about it? "
Luo Zheng's words were exactly what the young man wanted. He laughed wildly and said, "Haha, I was afraid that you would be like a coward and not dare to accept the challenge. Since that's the case, let's meet in the arena. Whoever doesn't go is a bastard!"
According to the Blue Cloud Sect's rules, disciples were strictly prohibited from fighting among themselves. Once discovered, they would be severely punished.
However, the Blue Cloud Sect was originally a holy land of martial arts. Those who practiced martial arts were hot-blooded and vigorous. It was impossible for there to be no conflicts between the millions of disciples.
The solution was to go to the arena.
This kind of arena was on every mountain peak. Xiao Yufeng was naturally no exception.
"Wait, wait, everyone, let's talk things over. There's no need to settle everything in the arena!" The one who spoke was Zhou Xian. He had just entered the cafeteria when he saw this hostile scene. He hurriedly rushed over to mediate.
"Zhou Xian, who do you think you are? What matter do you have to interfere in? " The young man sneered and said, "This brat has already agreed to go to the arena. It's too late for regrets. I can give him three days. After three days, wait to collect his corpse." After the young man finished speaking, he turned around and left with his people.
"I say, Luo Zheng, of all the people you could provoke, why did you have to provoke him?" Zhou Xian asked with a face full of anxiety.
Mo Can came up and explained, "Brother Zhou Xian, this matter is not Brother Luo Zheng's fault. They took the initiative to cause trouble."
"Even so, you should still hide. That guy is not to be trifled with. His name is Xu Lie. Among the tens of thousands of outer disciples in Xiao Yufeng, he is ranked 30th! Although he has not stepped into the Xiantian Realm, he is still a half-step into the Xiantian Realm! " It was no wonder that Zhou Xian was anxious. Luo Zheng was only at the pinnacle of the Viscera Refining Realm. Yet, he actually agreed to go to the arena with a half-step into the Xiantian Realm expert. In Zhou Xian's eyes, it was undoubtedly an act of suicide.
"Half-step into the Xiantian Realm! He is ranked 30th! What should we do? " Mo Can had seen Luo Zheng's strength before. However, when he heard the words "half-step into the Xiantian Realm", he was still shocked. Although Mo Can knew that Luo Zheng's strength was outstanding and was not comparable to an ordinary Viscera Refining Realm expert, there was still the Marrow Refining Realm between him and the half-step into the Xiantian Realm. The gap was too big.
Half-step into the Xiantian Realm? Luo Zheng frowned. In the Trial of Blood, Luo Zheng had indeed relied on his own strength to kill a Level 5 Mirage Beast. That demon's strength was comparable to a human in the Xiantian Realm. However, there was a certain degree of coincidence and luck involved in killing that demon.
That demon only had the strength and defense of a Xiantian Realm expert. After all, it did not have intelligence and could not control Quintessential Yuan.
Moreover, Luo Zheng was quick-witted enough to throw out the broken flying knife. If it wasn't for the broken flying knife that showed its power at the critical moment, he would have been eliminated long ago.
"I think we should report this matter to Mentor Su. Don't participate in the arena?" At this critical moment, Zhou Xian thought of the mentors in Xiao Yufeng.
Strictly speaking, the mentors in Xiao Yufeng could not be considered the disciples' masters. Mentor Su, for example, would not interfere with the disciples' cultivation under normal circumstances. Every day, they would issue missions, organize various activities within the sect, maintain the order of each mountain, and give out various rewards.
However, they would not directly guide the disciples' cultivation.
In contrast, they were more like Xiao Yufeng's managers.
Zhou Xian was right. It was better to let Su Lingyun intervene in this kind of matter.
Luo Zheng, who had been silent for a long time, finally shook his head. "This person is coming for me. I can't avoid him even if I want to. What's more, I, Luo Zheng, have already agreed to participate in the arena. If I shrink back because of this small trouble, I'm afraid my martial heart will be damaged by more than half!"
To walk the path of a martial artist, one had to rely on an obsession.
Those who could achieve great things did not have an obsession that was so strong that it made one's hair stand on end.
If Luo Zheng shrank back when he encountered a problem today, then he could find a reason to shrink back when he encountered a problem tomorrow. Then, the obsession in his heart would slowly waver. Without this obsession, his path of a martial artist would come to an end.
What's more, this Xu Lie had inexplicably found trouble with him. He must have been ordered by someone, but Luo Zheng could not determine who ordered him.
Was it Wang Hengzhi? Or the Fang family? Or that guy surnamed Zhuge? Luo Zheng did not want to guess anymore. No matter who wanted to play with him, he would play with them to the end.
"Luo Zheng, you … Alas!" Zhou Xian was warm-hearted. He was completely thinking from Luo Zheng's point of view, but in his heart, he was more anxious than Luo Zheng.
In the canteen, many outer sect disciples looked at Luo Zheng with eyes full of pity.
An outer sect disciple who had just entered Xiao Yufeng actually accepted Xu Lie's challenge and dared to go to the arena. Wasn't he looking for death? In the arena, fists and feet had no eyes. Even if he was beaten to death, he would not have to bear any responsibility!
Under normal circumstances, if there was no great hatred, it was absolutely not worthwhile to go to the arena. This guy was afraid that he would not live past tomorrow.
Luo Zheng did not take it seriously at all. He comforted Zhou Xian instead. "It's okay. Remember to come to the arena tomorrow and cheer for me!"
Half-step to Xiantian …
It was indeed troublesome for Luo Zheng. When he first fought with Xie Lang, Luo Zheng had just entered the Viscera Refining Realm. It was very difficult for him to win, and at that time, Xie Lang was already an arrow at the end of its flight.
Now, not only had Luo Zheng entered the peak of the Viscera Refining Realm, but the giant furnace in his mind had also awakened two dragon scales. In terms of pure strength, he definitely did not lose to a Marrow Refining Realm expert. He was even much stronger than a Marrow Refining Realm expert.
Accepting the challenge of a Half-step to Xiantian Realm expert was indeed a little risky, but Luo Zheng might still have the strength to fight!
Zhou Xian was still deeply worried about the arena tomorrow.
Luo Zheng was only in the Viscera Refining Realm. He had only joined Xiao Yufeng for about half a month. He was considered a newcomer among newcomers. He actually dared to accept Xu Lie's challenge and said that Luo Zheng was an idiot? Or an idiot?
After Luo Zheng and Mo Can left the cafeteria, he thought for a long time and decided to report this news to Mentor Su.
A few days ago, Mentor Su had privately warned him that if Luo Zheng had any movements or performances, he had to actively report it to her.
However, what Zhou Xian did not expect was that after Mentor Su received this news, she did not have any expression on her face. She did not even have the slightest bit of worry. She only said that she would find time to watch the arena tomorrow.
If not for his status, Zhou Xian really wanted to ask her why she did not stop him.
Of course, Su Lingyun would not stop him. Her grand goal was to cultivate a super disciple in Xiao Yufeng who could suppress the 32 Peaks!
In reality, Luo Zheng was only one of Su Lingyun's candidates. In Xiao Yufeng, there were many Inner Sect disciples who had already matured. In terms of strength, those Inner Sect disciples naturally far surpassed the current Luo Zheng. However, Su Lingyun had a faint premonition that sooner or later, this youth would grow to the point where she could only look up to him.
Su Lingyun would not interfere too much with this kind of disciple. Only by giving him sufficient experience and experience, and constantly reincarnating on the edge of life and death, could his true potential be stimulated.

Chapter 40
"Why is Luo Zheng so stupid as to accept Xu Lie's challenge? If it were me, I would keep my mouth shut and never agree! "
"Hehe, I guess he's arrogant and thinks he's invincible after passing the trial assessment and becoming an outer disciple. Guys like him have to pay the price in blood."
"I heard that's not the case. Luo Zheng is too domineering. He even took the initiative to ask Xu Lie to challenge him!"
The news that Luo Zheng wanted to challenge Xu Lie quickly spread throughout Xiao Yufeng's outer sect and became the biggest hot topic in Xiao Yufeng's outer sect during this period.
As one of the protagonists of the arena, Luo Zheng sat on his bed very indifferently and continued to meditate and practice the 《Frightening Spirit Thorn》.
There were still a few days left before the arena. Since he had already agreed, he would never be a coward.
If he could master the 《Soul Transformation》 of the 《Frightening Spirit Thorn》, he would have a higher chance of winning in the arena.
Soul Transformation …
How on earth could one transform the soul into a sharp thorn?
The soul was invisible and intangible. Under normal circumstances, it would maintain its original appearance.
Because when people meditated, they would unconsciously substitute themselves for themselves.
Therefore, Luo Zheng's soul would appear as Luo Zheng's own appearance.
As long as he didn't forget himself, Luo Zheng's soul would always maintain his own appearance. It was impossible for him to change into another appearance, let alone transform his soul into a thorn.
Only by completely forgetting himself could he change into another form.
Thinking of this, Luo Zheng had a flash of inspiration.
"I understand. The key to this step is to forget oneself!"
How to enter the realm of forgetting oneself? Completely forget oneself? How could this be possible?
Luo Zheng furrowed his brows.
He closed his eyes and tried to forget who he was.
After more than an hour, except for bursts of tiredness, there was no effect at all.
Luo Zheng couldn't help but feel a little anxious and depressed. The reason was that he couldn't comprehend any of the two Upper Level cultivation methods because of his poor aptitude. For Luo Zheng, it was indeed a blow.
Extremely depressed, Luo Zheng left his room and walked up Xiao Yufeng's steep mountain path.
It was only five o 'clock outside the room. The sun hadn't risen yet, so the surroundings were quiet.
After walking up the mountain path for about sixty to seventy feet, he saw a steep mountain wall in front of him. It extended outwards and formed a natural viewing platform.
The craftsmen of the Blue Cloud Sect naturally didn't abandon this place. They had renovated an exquisite pavilion on the viewing platform.
At this moment, there wasn't a single person in the pavilion.
Luo Zheng walked up and stood in the small pavilion. He gazed into the distance and saw that the endless mountain peaks were all immersed in a sea of white clouds.
....................................
These mountains had stood tall in this world for millions or even tens of millions of years. No matter how talented or enchanting a disciple was, to them, it was nothing more than a fleeting moment.
Luo Zheng stood in the middle of these majestic mountain peaks. He felt as small as a grain of sand in a large river.
Facing this magnificent scene, Luo Zheng's heartstrings were suddenly tugged.
He slowly closed his eyes and imagined himself to be even smaller than sand. Dust was smaller than dust. Dust was smaller than dust. Dust was smaller than dust was …
So small that it could be ignored. So small that it was nothingness …
With a loud bang, Luo Zheng felt as if a huge golden door had opened in his mind.
At this moment, Luo Zheng used his own method to enter the realm of nothingness. He made himself completely disappear and cease to exist. This was the realm of selflessness!
Although his eyes were open, everything in front of him wasn't in his eyes. It was as if he could become a tree if he wanted to. He could become grass if he wanted to. He could transform into anything in the world if he wanted to.
As for the "Soul-Transforming Stab" technique of the 《Soul-Transforming Stab》, Luo Zheng's mind moved. A gray, translucent stab suddenly shot out from between his eyebrows.
He finally succeeded!
When he succeeded, he released the "Soul-Frightening Stab". This translucent stab was transformed from Luo Zheng's soul. Except for Luo Zheng, no one else could see it. It was impossible to guard against it!
Although he hadn't practiced the 《Soul-Frightening Stab》 for a long time, this stab could only attack within a distance of about one meter. It was far from the "within a kilometer, it's impossible to guard against" recorded in the Cultivation Method. But now he had comprehended the "realm of selflessness" and opened a bridge to cross the river. The following road would be easier.
A smile appeared on Luo Zheng's face. Originally, he was a little worried about the competition in the arena three days later. But now, he was looking forward to it.
Three days passed in the blink of an eye.
In the Xiao Yufeng School, going to the arena had always attracted a lot of attention.
In the arena, one could observe the real battle and experience things that were difficult to experience through ordinary cultivation.
Many Outer Sect disciples were able to make breakthroughs only after they had gained some insights from observing and comprehending their own mental cultivation methods.
In the boring cultivation life, this kind of arena competition, which was full of gratitude and grudges, was quite enjoyable.
Not to mention that this battle was between a Viscera Refining Stage and a half-step Xiantian Stage!
If the half-step Xiantian Stage Xu Lie was a lion, then the Viscera Refining Stage Luo Zheng was like a mouse. The two were not on the same level at all.
Most people asserted that the duration of the battle would be very short. The result was needless to say. Xu Lie would definitely one-sided slaughter Luo Zheng.
Xu Lie and his group had arrived at the arena early and were waiting there.
Today, there was an additional middle-aged man beside Xu Lie.
The middle-aged man wore a square headscarf on his head and was dressed in gray cotton clothes. He looked like a servant.
But when the many outer disciples in the Xiao Yufeng School saw the Eight Trigrams pattern embroidered on the middle-aged man's gray cotton clothes, no one dared to look down on him.
The Eight Trigrams pattern was the emblem of one of the Seven Noble Families, the Family Zhuge.
Although this person looked like a servant, he still came from the Family Zhuge. The Seven Noble Families were famous giants in the entire empire. They weren't something that an outer disciple of the Blue Cloud Sect could look down on.
"Our family's young master said that this person must die today, no matter the price." The servant's tone was not ambiguous. Even when facing the half-step Xiantian Stage Xu Lie, his face was full of arrogance. He didn't put Xu Lie in his eyes at all.
Cultivators who were able to step into the half-step Xiantian Stage would more or less have some pride in their hearts. But even though he was unhappy, Xu Lie's future path still depended on the "young master" that the servant spoke of. Therefore, he suppressed his temper and nodded, "This is inevitable. On the arena, fists and feet don't matter. He, a mere Viscera Refining Stage cultivator, dares to accept my challenge. He is already dead without a doubt."
The servant nodded, "That's good. Haven't you always wanted to be promoted to an inner disciple? The young master said that after today's matter is settled, you will be transferred to Black Rock Peak next month and become an inner disciple! "
Hearing the servant's words, Xu Lie was immediately overjoyed. He quickly said, "Then I'll thank the young master first."
Wanting to become an inner disciple was an extremely easy matter for a descendant of a noble family. But for Xu Lie, who was born from the grassroots, it was extremely difficult.
Xu Lie had already been in Xiao Yufeng for more than five years. In these five years, his strength had greatly improved and he had wholeheartedly wanted to become an inner disciple.
No matter which peak it was, the difference in treatment between an inner disciple and an outer disciple was extremely large. As long as one became an inner disciple, the medicinal pills used for cultivation, various kinds of monthly allowance, and the cultivation space provided would all have a significant increase.
However, if one wanted to become an inner disciple, one had to stand out among tens of thousands of outer disciples. Although Xu Lie's strength was good and he was ranked 30th in Xiao Yufeng's outer disciples, every time he competed for an inner disciple's position, he would fall short.
After waiting for five years, Xu Lie's patience had finally been exhausted. Now, someone wanted him to kill Luo Zheng and he could be transferred to the second ranked Black Rock Peak. Moreover, he could be promoted to an inner disciple of Black Rock Peak. This was definitely a huge temptation.
It was impossible for Xu Lie not to be tempted.
As for Luo Zheng, who had just entered Xiao Yufeng, his life was just a stepping stone for his own future. Who would care about it?
Thinking that he would soon be promoted, Xu Lie's face couldn't help but reveal a trace of excitement.
After waiting here for half an hour, the impatient Xu Lie felt that time was passing too slowly. At the same time, doubts arose in his heart. That kid wouldn't regret accepting the challenge, right?
The people who were waiting here to watch the fight were also discussing spiritedly.
Xiao Yufeng's outer disciples were a large group. Everyone's reputation was very important. If Luo Zheng agreed and then went back on his word, it would be a considerable blow to his reputation.
"This Luo Zheng probably doesn't dare to come. He said big words, but he backed out at the last minute. This kind of person is doomed to have no future!"
"Let's go, let's go. There's nothing to see. If we have time, we might as well use it to cultivate. I knew that our Xiao Yufeng had another good-for-nothing!"
After an hour, many people had lost their patience and were preparing to leave.
Xu Lie was originally an impatient person. After waiting for a long time, Luo Zheng still hadn't come. Xu Lie was very impatient.
"Xu Lie, you said that Luo Zheng would accept the challenge today. Why hasn't he appeared yet?" The Family Zhuge servant asked.
Xu Lie smiled and said, "Don't worry, Steward Zhu. That kid wouldn't dare to not come!"
Steward Zhu coldly snorted and said, "That's good. I hope you won't waste my time and disappoint my family's young master."
"I wouldn't dare!" Xu Lie was just speaking when he saw Luo Zheng's figure flash and stride over from the door.
＝＝＝＝＝

Chapter 41
Xu Lie's face was filled with hostility. He stepped forward and questioned, "Luo Zheng, you promised me that you would fight in the arena today. Why are you late? If you don't dare to fight in the arena, kneel on the ground and kowtow to me three times, call me 'Grandpa' three times, and then withdraw from the Blue Cloud Sect. What's the point of being a coward at home? "
Luo Zheng blinked his eyes and said slowly, "I did promise you that I would fight in the arena today. However, I promised you today. It's also today at midnight and noon. Why? Did I promise you what time it would be today? "
Luo Zheng's rhetorical question stunned Xu Lie. At the same time, the anger on his face grew. "Cunning brat, I'll see what use your mouth has when you fight in the arena!"
"Before I fight in the arena, I have one more request," Luo Zheng suddenly said.
"What request? Could it be that you still expect me to show mercy? The rules of the Blue Cloud Sect's arena are that no one is responsible for the death or disability of the opponent! " Xu Lie's goal today was to take Luo Zheng's life. If Luo Zheng made such a request, Xu Lie would definitely not agree.
Luo Zheng shook his head. "In the arena, fists and feet have no eyes. Of course, I know the rules. I just feel that such a simple fight is really boring. Why don't we bet something? It's good to have a prize!"
Xu Lie was slightly stunned. He didn't expect Luo Zheng to make such a request. In Xu Lie's heart, his goal was basically achieved. As long as he lured Luo Zheng into the arena, Luo Zheng was basically a dead man. Therefore, as long as Luo Zheng was willing to fight in the arena, everything could be discussed.
He didn't expect Luo Zheng to be so confident. He actually wanted to bet something.
Xu Lie also didn't understand where Luo Zheng's confidence came from. Could it be that he still thought he could win? A little guy in the Viscera Refining Stage wanted to win against him, a half-step Xiantian? What a joke!
"Haha, prize? Very well, what do you want to bet? I will accompany you to the end! "Xu Lie said.
"How about this, I will offer 100 square crystal stones, and you will offer an Upper Grade Xuan Weapon. If you win, the 100 square crystal stones will be yours. If you lose, the Upper Grade Xuan Weapon will be mine!" Luo Zheng said with a smile.
"A hundred square crystals?" Xu Lie was stunned again. As someone born from the grassroots, Xu Lie wasn't very rich. Although he had earned a lot of points with his own strength over the past few years, those points had been used to exchange for cultivation methods and pills. Cultivating a warrior was a money-burning matter in itself, not to mention that Xu Lie didn't have the support of a large family behind him.
This wager was nothing to the scions of landowning households, but it was a huge sum of money to the commoners.
Xu Lie was very willing to bet with Luo Zheng, but Xu Lie couldn't take out a High Grade Profound Weapon …
"Stinking brat, you clearly know that I don't have a High Grade Xuan Weapon, but now you want to bet with me. I think you are deliberately looking for an excuse," Xu Lie said angrily.
Luo Zheng sighed, revealing a regretful expression, "If that's the case, then it's fine if we don't fight in this arena. Fighting here and there is just a waste of energy. Why should I fight with you?"
"You!" Xu Lie was really angry, "You brat, you are clearly looking for an excuse to not fight in the arena. I think your 100 square crystal stones are just nonsense. You can't take it out at all!"
As soon as Xu Lie's voice fell, a pile of square crystal stones fell from Luo Zheng's hand. Those square crystal stones were crystal clear, revealing a magnificent color under the sunlight.
These square crystal stones were hard currency. Most of the outer disciples in Xiao Yufeng were commoners. This pile of 100 square crystal stones was definitely a huge sum of money.
"I have taken out so many square crystal stones. As long as you can take out a High Grade Xuan Weapon, I will fight in the arena. If you can't take it out, then I think we should stop fighting. I really don't want to waste my energy!" Standing in that pile of square crystal stones, Luo Zheng's smile was especially brilliant.
Xu Lie was now completely speechless. He originally thought that this was a very simple matter, but it was delayed by Luo Zheng's dilly-dallying for a long time.
At this time, Manager Zhu suddenly said gloomily: "Xu Lie, if he wants to bet a High Grade Xuan Weapon, then bet with him. Don't tell me you are still afraid of losing?"
"But I don't have a High Grade Xuan Weapon," Xu Lie said gloomily.
"If you don't have a High Grade Xuan Weapon, can't you lend it to me? I don't believe that in such a big Xiao Yufeng, there will always be someone who can take out a High Grade Xuan Weapon, "Manager Zhu reminded.
"That's right!" Xu Lie glanced around and his gaze fell on a person in the corner, "He Bing, I remember that you have a High Grade Xuan Weapon?"
That He Bing did indeed have a High Grade Xuan Weapon and his strength was not weak. Seeing that Xu Lie was looking for him, he smiled and said: "Brother Xu Lie, I do have a High Grade Xuan Weapon, so what?"
"Lend it to me, I will return it to you in a while!" Xu Lie said. In Xu Lie's opinion, this was originally a very simple matter.
What Xu Lie did not expect was that He Bing actually shook his head and said: "I won't lend it to you."
"What? You are still afraid that I will lose to this brat? "Xu Lie said angrily.
He Bing continued to shake his head, "Of course I am not afraid that you will lose to this brat. But why should I lend it to you for no reason?"
"You …" Xu Lie's eyes turned and he immediately understood He Bing's meaning. He said: "How about this, after I defeat that brat, I will share half of the square crystal stones with you. How about it?"
Hearing Xu Lie's words, He Bing's face revealed a satisfied smile, "You should have said so earlier. Brother Xu Lie, take it!"
After He Bing finished speaking, he removed a sword from his waist and threw it to Xu Lie.
Xu Lie reached out and caught it. In his heart, he cursed He Bing for being a person who would not wake up early without benefits. Then, with a "Zeng" sound, he unsheathed the treasure sword. The three feet long blade was shining with a faint purple light. He said to Luo Zheng: "He Bing's sword is called Zi Qing Treasure Sword. It is a High Grade Xuan Weapon. Can it be used as a prize?"
Luo Zheng glanced at the Zi Qing Treasure Sword and nodded. He turned to Mo Can and said: "Help me deliver this square crystal stone." After he finished speaking, Luo Zheng jumped onto the stage.
Seeing Luo Zheng enter the stage, Xu Lie was secretly happy. He was not afraid of anything, but he was afraid that Luo Zheng would shrink back. Therefore, he handed the Zi Qing Treasure Sword to Mo Can and also jumped onto the stage.
On the stage, Luo Zheng stood with his hands behind his back. The power in his body began to slowly circulate. Facing the half-step Xiantian Xu Lie, Luo Zheng looked indifferent on the surface, but his heart was full of vigilance. Who didn't have a trump card when they cultivated to Xu Lie's level?
Xu Lie, who had been enduring for a long time, had long wanted to end this fight quickly. After he got on the stage, he sneered. Lightning flashed under his feet, and his whole body seemed to be wrapped in a layer of lightning. He rushed towards Luo Zheng at an extremely fast speed.
Xu Lie cultivated a cultivation method called "Rushing Thunder Fist". The True Qi produced by Xu Lie was full of thunderous momentum. Whether it was speed or explosive power, it was very amazing.
Xu Lie was constantly approaching Luo Zheng's pupils. He was constantly enlarging. When Xu Lie was only two meters away from him, his huge fist turned into a rushing thunder, and directly struck towards Luo Zheng.
Half-step Xiantian Xiantian could skillfully control his True Qi and transform it into thunderous power. The power of this fist was actually so amazing.
Facing this fist, Luo Zheng did not retreat.
He clenched his five fingers into a fist, and a purple curtain of light wrapped around his body. His first move was the "Red Sandalwood Fist" — Red Sandalwood Inch Punch!
He actually wanted to meet force with force with force with Xu Lie!
When the audience saw this scene, their mouths were wide open.
Originally, they all thought that Luo Zheng would certainly cover his head and run away.
After all, the gap between their realms was too big. If he faced the enemy head-on, Luo Zheng had no chance of winning at all.
If this fist met, half of Luo Zheng's body would probably be burnt by Xu Lie's "Rushing Thunder Fist".
"Bang!"
The two fists collided.
Under the impact of the huge fist force, Luo Zheng retreated four steps before he could stabilize his body.
Xu Lie, on the other hand, retreated seven or eight steps before he could stop. His eyes flashed with a touch of surprise.
This fist was not only beyond Xu Lie's expectation, but also beyond the expectations of all the outer sect disciples who were watching the fight.
How could a body refiner not understand the importance of realms?
Every time a body refiner broke through a realm, their strength would increase by several times.
Since when could the strength of a Viscera Refining Stage be compared with the strength of a Half-step Xiantian Realm?
Regardless of whether they believed it or not, the scene in front of them was indeed happening.
Luo Zheng's face also flashed with a dignified expression. The moment they exchanged blows, the purple light on Luo Zheng's arm was scattered by Xu Lie's "Rushing Thunder Fist". At this moment, his "Purple Sandalwood Inch Force" was obviously somewhat powerless and could not display its original effect.
Sure enough, "Purple Sandalwood Fist" was still somewhat insufficient when faced with a real expert.
And Xu Lie's power of thunder and lightning actually spread to his arm. Like two bright silver snakes, they wrapped around Luo Zheng's arm and desperately bit it.
After a while, a burnt smell came from Luo Zheng's arm.
Luo Zheng's strength greatly exceeded Xu Lie's expectations. But seeing Luo Zheng's burnt arm, Xu Lie's face still revealed a grim smile: "Good strength! But your arm is also crippled!
"Is that so?" A faint smile appeared on Luo Zheng's face. The power in his arm revolved, and a purple light surged out from his arm. The two small snakes formed by thunder and lightning were instantly killed by the Purple Sandalwood True Qi.
Seeing this scene, Xu Lie's eyelids twitched. Although this brat was only in the Viscera Refining Stage, his strength was astonishing. Moreover, his body was also particularly special. Xu Lie himself was the clearest about how difficult it was to deal with the power of thunder and lightning in "Rushing Thunder Fist".
But against this brat, the effect was not good.
But so what if his talent was extraordinary? If this brat was also in the Half-step Xiantian Realm like himself, Xu Lie would probably have run away. But after all, this brat was only in the Viscera Refining Stage. No matter how strong he was, how strong could he be? Thinking of this, Xu Lie's body flickered with thunder and his figure instantly disappeared from the stage.
In just a split second, he suddenly rolled to the side, and in his original position, Xu Lie descended from the sky, a Rushing Thunder Fist bombarding the ground, like a thunderbolt on a clear day, the explosion made everyone's eardrums ring chaotically.
"This speed is too fast …" Luo Zheng frowned. At this moment, Luo Zheng's eyes were locked on Xu Lie's body. His greatest weakness was that his speed was too slow.
There were five stages of the Corporeal Realm. The last stage was the Marrow Refining Realm.
In the Marrow Refining Realm, one had to refine out all the impurities in the body's marrow. This stage could be simplified into two words, "Marrow Cleansing".
Only after the Marrow Cleansing was successful, the body would undergo a qualitative change. The body would become stronger, the speed would increase, and it would also allow people to see and hear better.
When he was dealing with Xie Lang, he was at a disadvantage because he was unable to chase after his opponent. Now, Xu Lie was also using this move.
"Crackle!"
Another Rushing Thunder Fist smashed towards Luo Zheng.
This time, Luo Zheng was not able to completely avoid it. A part of the power of thunder bit his leg.
Fortunately, Luo Zheng had an extremely strong body. Most of the power of thunder and lightning was absorbed by Luo Zheng's body. The remaining power of thunder and lightning did not cause too much damage to Luo Zheng.
"You can't keep up with my speed, right? Let's see how long you can resist! "The more Xu Lie attacked, the more excited he became. There was a free moving sandbag for him to attack. Of course, he was happy.
"Bang!"
"Bang!"
"Boom!"
Every time Xu Lie made a move, he would roar wildly.
"You can dodge?"
"Let's see how long you can dodge!"
"Again!"

Chapter 42
"This Luo Zheng is only in the Viscera Refining Stage. Moreover, he has only joined Xiao Yufeng for a short period of time, yet he is able to hold on for so long against Xu Lie. He is really not simple!" An Outer Sect Disciple exclaimed from below the arena.
"Should we report this to the teacher? If this kid grows up, it will be a great thing for our Xiao Yufeng. At least we won't be so passive in the Assembly of the 33 Peaks every year. I see that Xu Lie's every move is deadly. If this continues, Luo Zheng will definitely die, "another person said.
The person who spoke first shook his head and quietly pointed to the distance. "There is no need to report. Our Teacher Su is secretly watching. There is no need for us to meddle."
On top of a small building not far away, a pretty figure stood there. It was Xiao Yufeng's teacher, Su Lingyun.
That day, she did not respond to Zhou Xian's request, but she was still very concerned about this kind of fight.
Luo Zheng was a seed disciple that she had painstakingly dug up. She would not give up on him so easily.
Now it seemed that Zhou Xian's worries were correct.
Although the Blue Cloud Sect had a rule that private grudges could be settled in the arena, there was no need to take responsibility even if someone was killed.
But in the arena, it was rare to see such a ruthless attack that every move wanted to kill someone.
This Xu Lie wanted Luo Zheng's life wholeheartedly.
Su Lingyun did not know how long Luo Zheng could hold on in this kind of situation.
She hoped that Luo Zheng could gain experience on the edge of life and death, but after all, she did not want Luo Zheng to die like this.
At this moment, her mood was very conflicted, but in the end, she clenched her teeth and endured. She wanted to see how much potential Luo Zheng could unearth and how much strength he could erupt with.
Luo Zheng's entire body was not intact at this time. His arms, legs, chest, neck, and his entire body seemed to have been burned by a raging fire. Everything was charred black and he was in a very sorry state.
The power of the 《Rushing Thunder Fist》 was beyond Luo Zheng's expectations. Luo Zheng's body could convert most of the power of thunder and lightning into warm currents, but a small part of the power of thunder and lightning would still cause him a lot of damage.
He was secretly worried that if Xu Lie continued to fight like this, his body, which he had always been proud of, would not be able to withstand it and collapse.
Because he was unable to capture Xu Lie's figure, his trump card, the "Frightening God Spike" could not be used..
"Bang!"
There wasn't much time for Luo Zheng to think. Xu Lie threw another Rushing Thunder Fist at Luo Zheng's chest. The power of thunder and lightning bit Luo Zheng's skin, leaving black streaks on his skin and giving off the smell of burnt meat.
....
Finally, Luo Zheng could no longer suppress his internal injuries and spat out a mouthful of blood.
Xu Lie raised his fist and grinned, "I really thought that you have an immortal body and aren't afraid of being beaten! .. "......
. Luo Zheng gasped for breath. This time, his injuries were more serious. He touched his chest and climbed up from the ground with great difficulty. "Why are you talking so much nonsense? If you have the guts, continue! ".
"Of course, I don't plan on letting you walk out of the arena alive today." Xu Lie moved his hands. A few bolts of lightning flashed in his hands. Next time, he decided to end this game of cat and mouse.
But at this moment, Luo Zheng suddenly felt something strange in his body. The warm currents in his body suddenly changed direction.
The warm currents that had been constantly cleansing his internal organs were now flowing into the depths of his bones.
The warm currents were actually cleansing his bone marrow?
What was going on?
Only after entering the Refining Marrow Realm would one begin to refine their bone marrow.
Did I enter the Refining Marrow Realm?
Wisps of green impurities came out of Luo Zheng's charred skin.
These impurities were the impurities in his bone marrow.
Only those who entered the Refining Marrow Realm could cleanse the deepest and most stubborn impurities of their bone marrow.
A very comfortable coolness quickly rose from Luo Zheng's tailbone. It flowed through Luo Zheng's lumbar vertebrae and connected to his neck. Then, it seeped into Luo Zheng's brain, eyes, ears, nose ….
Luo Zheng couldn't help but close his eyes.
Seeing Luo Zheng like this, Xu Lie revealed a trace of doubt. What the hell was this kid doing? Why did he close his eyes at this time?
After a short while, Luo Zheng opened his eyes. His eyes were even brighter.
At this moment, Luo Zheng felt that a new world had appeared in front of him.
Every movement around him was several times clearer. He could see the patterns on the leaves in the distance. He could also clearly hear the whispers of people in the distance.
Stepping into the Marrow Refining Realm was indeed a refreshing experience.
Regardless of whether it was eyesight, hearing, or smell, they were all greatly improved.
"Deliberately mystifying things!" Xu Lie coldly snorted. He once again controlled Luo Zheng to charge forward.
This time, Luo Zheng completely captured Xu Lie's movement path. Xu Lie circled around him and rushed forward at an extremely fast speed. He fiercely attacked Luo Zheng from the side.
Luo Zheng lightly shifted his feet and twisted Xu Lie's arm. The strength of his entire body suddenly exploded. At the same time, the two dragon scales in his mind released a green light. After breaking through the Refining Marrow Realm, Luo Zheng was like a giant with infinite strength. He forcibly stopped Xu Lie's momentum.
When Xu Lie realized the danger, Luo Zheng had already locked his body in place. Then, he heavily threw him over his shoulder and fiercely smashed him to the ground.
"Clang!"
The Blue Cloud Sect's arena was custom-made. In order to prevent the disciples from easily destroying the arena, it was made of thick and heavy refined iron.
Under such a fierce smash, Xu Lie actually caused the refined iron arena to cave in. He lay motionless on the ground.
Seeing this scene, everyone held their breaths. Mo Can and Zhou Xian, who had been watching from the side, also let out a long sigh of relief. They really did not expect Luo Zheng to turn the tables at this moment.
Luo Zheng heavily exhaled a few mouthfuls of turbid air. Previously, he had underestimated a Half-step Xiantian expert.
Looking at the motionless Xu Lie lying on the ground, Luo Zheng felt some lingering fear.
If he had not broken through at the crucial moment, Xu Lie would have been in real danger.
Just when everyone thought the battle was over, a thick and large lightning suddenly surged out from Xu Lie's body and shot towards the sky.
Xu Lie actually climbed out of the pit again. His hair was standing on end, and his face was filled with a ferocious expression. Countless snake-like lightning coiled around his body. He was like a thunder god, blooming with an incomparably domineering aura.
"Interesting. I, Xu Lie, never thought that I would be forced to such a state by a junior in the Viscera Refining Realm. He actually forced me to use the Rushing Thunder Sacred Body!" Xu Lie's every move was accompanied by countless lightning bolts. It seemed like he had pushed his True Qi to the extreme.
"Rushing Thunder Sacred Body!"
"He actually succeeded in cultivating the Rushing Thunder Sacred Body!"
"That was at the cost of burning one's life. This battle is too intense!"
"Luo Zheng is really something. He actually forced Xu Lie to use the Rushing Thunder Sacred Body with the strength of the Viscera Refining Realm. This is too exaggerated. This Rushing Thunder Sacred Body has greatly enhanced Xu Lie's strength. His strength is comparable to the Xiantian Realm. This Luo Zheng will definitely die!"
Hearing the discussions of the crowd, Mo Can clenched his fists tightly. His hands were covered in sweat. "What should we do? This Xu Lie is actually so strong! "
Luo Zheng's hearing was very strong now. Every word of the discussions below the stage was heard by him. He was secretly shocked. This Rushing Thunder Sacred Body required burning one's life as the price. Xu Lie's strength would probably be greatly enhanced again.
"Luo Zheng, I will tear you to pieces!" After saying that, Xu Lie's figure was like a lightning bolt that was as thick as a water bucket. He directly crashed towards Luo Zheng.
"Fortunately, this Rushing Thunder Sacred Body has greatly enhanced his True Qi. However, there is no substantial increase in speed!" Luo Zheng looked in the direction Xu Lie was heading. His pupils firmly locked onto Xu Lie's figure as he narrowed his eyes.
Although he was forced by his opponent's power, Luo Zheng did not panic at all.
He had to remain calm at all times. Only in this way could he deal with his opponent calmly.
"Stun Spirit Spike!"
The moment Xu Lie approached Luo Zheng, a spike condensed from his soul emerged from between his eyebrows and fiercely pierced towards Xu Lie's head.
Xu Lie originally wanted to use the power of the Rushing Thunder Sacred Body to quickly finish off Luo Zheng. After all, although the Rushing Thunder Sacred Body was powerful, its duration was very short.
However, he never expected that Luo Zheng still had a backup plan!
He felt that his head was suddenly pierced by a sharp object. The sharp pain seemed to be able to penetrate his soul. He could not help but scream. His figure that was rushing towards Luo Zheng lost its aim and stumbled to the ground.
"It's effective!"
Originally, Luo Zheng thought that his Stun Spirit Spike was just a superficial skill. The released power would only be able to slightly disturb the opponent. However, Luo Zheng did not expect that the effect would be so good. It actually caused such a big impact on Xu Lie's soul.
"What did you do to me?" Xu Lie stood up in a daze. His body was swaying. He felt that a long needle had been nailed into his head, causing him great pain.
Luo Zheng did not answer. He only opened up a distance and stared at Xu Lie vigilantly.
After a while, the pain in Xu Lie's head gradually disappeared. He looked at Luo Zheng with a complicated expression. The pain just now was too unbearable. He really did not want to experience it a second time. However, he had to kill Luo Zheng today!
Xu Lie clenched his teeth and turned into a bolt of lightning, once again rushing towards Luo Zheng.
"Stun Spirit Spike!"
Before Xu Lie could get close to Luo Zheng, another gray spike pierced into Xu Lie's head.
"Clang!" Xu Lie once again rolled on the ground, covering his head and rolling incessantly.
This time, Luo Zheng did not give Xu Lie another chance. His whole body flashed with purple light. An extremely large amount of power gathered on his leg. He kicked Xu Lie, who was rolling on the ground incessantly.
Xu Lie was like a heavy sandbag. He flew out of the arena horizontally and heavily smashed outside.

Chapter 43
The lightning on Xu Lie's body gradually disappeared, and his Zhen Qi also gradually dissipated. At the same time, his body also underwent some changes.
Some wrinkles unexpectedly appeared on his face, and a lot of white hair appeared on his head. Xu Lie, who was originally in his twenties, now looked as old as a thirty-four-year-old man.
"This Rushing Thunder Sacred Body is incomparably tyrannical, but the backlash is actually so terrifying." Seeing the changes in Xu Lie's body, Luo Zheng was secretly shocked.
Around the stage, most people looked at Luo Zheng with a trace of fear in their eyes.
This brat had just entered the Xiao Yufeng, and in less than a month, he had actually defeated Xu Lie, who was ranked thirtieth in the outer court. This kind of unbelievable thing had indeed happened in front of everyone's eyes.
Moreover, it was said that Luo Zheng was only in the Viscera Refinement Stage.
In time, after entering the Marrow Refinement Stage and reaching half-step Xiantian, wouldn't he be able to challenge Xiantian Secret Stage experts?
Everyone unanimously made this assumption in their hearts.
Whether this assumption was true or not, it was an established fact that Luo Zheng's strength far exceeded those of the same stage.
Seeing Xu Lie lose, He Bing suddenly reached out and shouted at Mo Can, "Give it to me!"
It turned out that during the bet, He Bing's high-grade profound artifact "Zi Qing Sword" and Luo Zheng's hundred square crystals were all given to Mo Can. At that time, He Bing thought that Xu Lie wouldn't lose no matter what, so he lent the Zi Qing Sword to Xu Lie as a bet.
After all, from He Bing's point of view, the risk of this bet was not great. He could earn fifty square crystals just by selling his Azulet sword. He would be an idiot if he didn't take advantage of such a good deal.
The result was so unexpected. Xu Lie actually lost to that brat Luo Zheng.
At this moment, He Bing couldn't care less about his face. He naturally wanted to take back the Zi Qing Sword first.
Mo Can saw that He Bing wanted the Zi Qing Sword back, and his expression was a bit nervous. He took two steps back and said, "Isn't this the bet? Since Xu Lie has lost, this Upper Grade Profound Artifact naturally belongs to Brother Luo Zheng. "
"This is mine. I'm just lending it to Xu Lie. I don't care if you win or lose!" A High Grade Profound Armament was an extremely precious item to an Outer Sect Disciple. At this moment, He Bing didn't want to reason with him.
Luo Zheng suddenly took two steps forward, grabbed the "Zi Qing Sword" and said coldly, "I won this from Xu Lie. If you want it, go ask Xu Lie!"
"But this Zi Qing sword …" He Bing was a little anxious.
However, Luo Zheng stared coldly at He Bing and said, "If you don't agree, we can meet in the arena!"
Luo Zheng's words immediately shut He Bing up.
He Bing's strength was not weak. She was ranked thirty-fifth among the outer disciples.
However, even Xu Lie, who was ranked 30th, was defeated by Luo Zheng. How could Xu Lie be Luo Zheng's opponent?
Therefore, He Bing could only choose to shut up. His debt could only be settled by Xu Lie.
Manager Zhu, who had been watching the battle, saw Xu Lie lose. He shook his head and softly cursed, "Trash." Then, he turned around and was about to leave.
However, a sword shadow shot out and stabbed into the ground in front of Manager Zhu. That sword was the Zi Qing Sword. The sword body violently swayed in front of Manager Zhu, blocking his path.
"This Xu Lie challenged me. Was it you who instigated him?" Luo Zheng walked over and coldly stared at Manager Zhu.
Manager Zhu's face revealed a slight smile, "So what if it was? Who can't escape death after offending my Family Zhuge? If my Young Master wants you to die, you will naturally die. I advise you to quickly write down your last words and prepare for your funeral. Otherwise, you will die too hastily and won't have time to prepare! "
"Family Zhuge? Who are you in the Family Zhuge? "Luo Zheng asked again.
"Me?" The fat on Manager Zhu's face trembled twice. His smile became wider, "I am the personal servant of the Third Young Master Zhuge."
"The Third Young Master Zhuge? So it's the Third Young Master Zhuge who wants to interfere in this matter! "
"When did this Luo Zheng offend the Family Zhuge? Why did he have to offend that madman! "
Obviously, many people present had heard of the Third Young Master Zhuge.
The Third Young Master Zhuge's original name was Zhuge Feng. He was the third child of the Family Zhuge and was nicknamed the "Third Madman."
The reason why he got this nickname was because Zhuge Feng's actions were ruthless and strange. He was extremely crazy and arrogant. Therefore, he got the nickname "Third Madman."
"Oh?" Luo Zheng's eyes revealed a strange look, "The personal servant of the Third Young Master Zhuge, what a great reputation! How impressive! You actually dared to instigate internal strife in the Xiao Yufeng. You have guts! "
In the Xiao Yufeng, there had always been a lot of internal strife. However, these strife were all internal affairs of the Xiao Yufeng.
Once it involved the matters of the other peaks, the entire Xiao Yufeng would immediately become an iron plate. In fact, the 33 peaks of Qingyun Peak were all like this. Everyone had countless conflicts behind closed doors. However, once it involved the people of the other peaks, they would immediately become incomparably united.
This Manager Zhu had instigated Xu Lie to make trouble for Luo Zheng, which could be considered a taboo.
Therefore, when Luo Zheng said these words, he pushed Manager Zhu to the heart of the struggle.
At this moment, the expressions of the onlookers also became unfriendly.
Everyone had the same thought. Even if our Xiao Yufeng was the last of the 33 peaks, it was not up to an outsider like you to criticize us.
Zhuge Feng's strength was indeed powerful, and his Family Zhuge was also a big shot.
However, because of these, our Xiao Yufeng people deserved to be ridden on top of our heads? Moreover, this person in front of them was only a servant by Zhuge Feng's side!
At this moment, Manager Zhu was very calm and composed. In his mind, these outer sect disciples were a bunch of mobs. When they heard Zhuge Feng's name, they should all be scared to the point of kneeling down. He sneered and said, "So what if I have the guts? I've already done so today. What do you want? "
"What do I want?" Luo Zheng turned his head and found Zhou Xian in the crowd. He immediately asked loudly, "Zhou Xian, do you need to take responsibility for teaching this kind of person a lesson?"
Zhou Xian walked out from the crowd and glanced at Manager Zhu. He then said, "This person is only a servant who lives here. He is not a disciple of the Blue Cloud Sect. Moreover, he instigated the people of Xiao Yufeng to fight amongst themselves. Of course, we need to teach him a lesson. Even the teachers will support us!"
After listening to Zhou Xian, Luo Zheng's face hung a smile. He slowly walked towards Manager Zhu and said, "Very good!"
"You, what do you want to do?" After realizing that Luo Zheng wanted to make a move, Manager Zhu took a few steps back and shouted with a sharp voice, "I am the personal servant of Third Young Master Zhuge. If you dare to make a move on me, Third Young Master Zhuge will, will …"
Before Manager Zhu finished speaking, Luo Zheng's hand had already reached out like lightning. He twisted Manager Zhu's fat neck and pressed his neck against the blade of Zi Qing's sword. He then stepped on Manager Zhu's back and said, "If I make a move on you, what will your Third Young Master do to me?"
The blade of Zi Qing's sword was pressed against Manager Zhu's neck. As long as Luo Zheng exerted a bit more strength, Manager Zhu's head would be separated from his body.
Manager Zhu's face was red. He let out a squeal like a pig being slaughtered. How could he still speak?
But at this moment, an Outer Sect Disciple came forward. He reached out and pinched the blade of Zi Qing's sword with two fingers.
"Luo Zheng, this person is Third Young Master Zhuge's servant. If you really kill him, I'm afraid it will be difficult to explain to Third Young Master Zhuge. With the Family Zhuge's strength, you can't afford to offend them." The Outer Sect Disciple's skin was dark. He wasn't tall, but his body looked very sturdy.
Luo Zheng actually didn't have the intention to kill Manager Zhu. It was just that this person came to Xiao Yufeng to instigate Xu Lie to deal with him. After he defeated Xu Lie, he still dared to be so arrogant. This kind of person must be taught a profound lesson.
But as soon as the person in front of him appeared, the situation changed again.
"What does it have to do with me whether Third Young Master Zhuge has an explanation or not?" He stared at the Outer Sect Disciple and said coldly. This person's words sounded like he was on his side, but in reality, he was using the Family Zhuge to pressure him.
Before that person could answer, Manager Zhu, who was at Luo Zheng's feet, howled again. "Cao Lei, help me kill him. Kill this Luo Zheng. Third Young Master Zhuge will remember you!"
Cao Lei was ranked 15th in Xiao Yufeng's Outer Sect. Although he was only a Half-step Xiantian, his strength was much stronger than Xu Lie's. Although this person couldn't get close to someone like Zhuge Feng, he had a very good relationship with a few collateral disciples of the Family Zhuge.
At this moment, Cao Lei's purpose of making a move was to give some face to Zhuge Feng.
"Luo Zheng, I respect you for being able to defeat Xu Lie as a newcomer. That's why I'm advising you nicely. Don't refuse a toast only to be forced to drink a forfeit." Seeing that his words didn't have any effect and Luo Zheng was so stiff, Cao Lei's tone suddenly became tough.
"Is that so? What forfeit or toast? I don't like to talk nonsense. If you don't agree, we'll meet in the arena. "In this situation, he didn't give in at all.
"Don't fight in the arena all day long. It's not good to fight and kill. I think it's better if each of you take a step back." At this moment, another person walked over. This person was fat, had a round face, and was smiling wholeheartedly.
"Zhang Wuxian, you're here to meddle in other people's business again?" Seeing that fatty, Cao Lei's face suddenly darkened.
Fatty Zhang Wuxian was ranked 7th in the Outer Sect Disciples. Among the tens of thousands of Outer Sect Disciples, he was definitely a top existence. He revealed two canine teeth and smiled. "Meddle in other people's business? Cao Lei, I know you have a good relationship with the Family Zhuge, but you shouldn't have stood out today. This kind of servant is spoiled and arrogant. He thinks that just because he's a servant of the Family Zhuge, he can see everything. Little does he know that even if he's a servant of the Imperial Family, he's still a servant! In my opinion, killing him is too serious, but letting him go like this definitely won't do. How about this, Brother Luo Zheng, you use your fists to teach him a lesson! It's good for each of us to take a step back in this matter! "
This fatty was really interesting. Luo Zheng's face revealed a faint smile. Although Fatty Zhang Wuxian's words seemed to be impartial, discerning people could see at a glance that he was taking sides. Most people understood that Luo Zheng wouldn't kill Steward Zhu on the spot, but a violent beating was unavoidable.
In the end, Zhang Wuxian still let him beat him up, but it sounded like both sides were taking a step back.
Seeing this, Cao Lei could only clench his teeth and retreat.
The strength that Luo Zheng had just displayed had already made Cao Lei somewhat afraid. Now, with Zhang Wuxian meddling in other people's business, he couldn't guarantee Steward Zhu's safety.
"Brother Luo Zheng, now you can 'teach' Steward Zhu a lesson," Zhang Wuxian said with a smile. He especially emphasized the word 'teach'.
Luo Zheng nodded and grabbed the back of Steward Zhu's neck. At this moment, Steward Zhu suddenly became ruthless. His eyes were red: "Luo Zheng, if you have the guts, beat me to death. Third Young Master Zhu will definitely exterminate your entire family and burn your bones to ashes!"
Luo Zheng shook his head. These guys kept repeating the same lines over and over again. There was no creativity at all. Then, he flipped his palm and gave two slaps. Then, he slapped Steward Zhu's chest and sent him flying and rolling on the ground.
Seeing this, everyone's faces showed surprise. They felt that Luo Zheng was too gentle.
Steward Zhu still got up from the ground, cursing and swearing. He didn't seem to have suffered too much damage. However, as soon as he stood up, a dull explosion sounded from his body.
"Pu pu pu …"
From his hands and feet, a bloody hole spurted out. Then, he fell to the ground with his head back, motionless like a dead pig.
"What a good move!"
"This kind of idiot deserves it. How dare he cause trouble in our Xiao Yufeng? He's simply tired of living!"
A few people praised loudly, but most people were still somewhat silent and didn't echo. They knew very well that this matter was difficult to resolve. Family Zhuge's Third Madman wasn't a reasonable person. This Luo Zheng seemed to have no one to rely on. No one could protect him. They believed that he wouldn't be able to stay in Xiao Yufeng for long …
"Aren't you afraid that you've offended Family Zhuge?" Zhang Wuxian asked with a smile.
Luo Zheng laughed and said, "I've offended too many people. There's no need to think so much."
"Good! Bold enough! To become a great hero, the most important thing is courage. Let's go and have a drink? "Zhang Wuxian suggested.
Luo Zheng didn't say much. He dragged Mo Can and Zhou Xian and went to drink with Zhang Wuxian.
In a small building not far away, Su Lingyun breathed a sigh of relief. This Luo Zheng was indeed not easy to deal with. Not only did he beat Xu Lie to the ground, but he also didn't give Family Zhuge the slightest bit of face.
This was also good. Only under great pressure could one make rapid progress.
What if Family Zhuge really wanted to use harsh means against Luo Zheng?
Su Lingyun thought for a moment. Her big eyes blinked twice. When the time came, she would appear. That Family Zhuge's Madame Qiushan still owed her a favor!
＝＝＝＝＝

Chapter 44
This Zhang Wuxian was definitely a senior in front of the three of them. His strength was ranked seventh in Xiao Yufeng's outer sect, and he was definitely at the peak of Xiao Yufeng's outer sect.
Mo Can and Zhou Xian were a bit reserved at first, but after all, they were young people. Zhang Wuxian was also very amiable and approachable. After drinking a few cups, everyone loosened up.
"If I'm not wrong, brother Luo Zheng should've broken through to the Refining Marrow Realm on the stage, right?" Zhang Wuxian's fat mouth drank a cup of wine and asked.
Luo Zheng glanced at Zhang Wuxian and said, "Brother Wuxian saw through it?"
"What? Brother Luo Zheng, you actually entered the Refining Marrow Realm? "Mo Can made a fuss over nothing.
Luo Zheng nodded and said, "When I was fighting with Xu Lie, I had some enlightenment. If I hadn't entered the Refining Marrow Realm, then today's situation would've been dangerous."
Zhang Wuxian shook his head and said, "I don't think so. Brother Luo Zheng is an unparalleled talent. If he were to advance a few more layers, then perhaps he could become the pillar of our Xiao Yufeng."
"Brother Wuxian praises me too much. Xiao Yufeng's outer sect has so many disciples. How many of them are enchanting? I, Luo Zheng, have just arrived. How can I be compared to Brother Wuxian? "Luo Zheng shook his head and said.
"Why not? Brother Luo Zheng, have you heard of the legend of Jade Maiden Peak? "Zhang Wuxian pretended to be mysterious as he said.
"Jade Maiden Peak? That Jade Maiden Peak that's ranked seventeenth and filled with female disciples? " Zhou Xian drank too much wine, and his face was already red. However, after refining one's body, one's alcohol tolerance increased. Although everyone had been drinking for a long time, no one was drunk.
Zhang Wuxian said with a smile, "Yes, this year it's ranked seventeenth. But two years ago, Jade Maiden Peak had always been ranked second, just behind Tianyi Peak!"
Zhou Xian had entered Xiao Yufeng a year earlier than Luo Zheng and Mo Can, and was not clear about this matter. He asked in surprise, "What? A group of female disciples' peaks, how can they surpass Greater One Peak? "
In Zhou Xian's knowledge, in the martial path, the strongest were always men.
"This is something you don't know. The reason why Jade Maiden Peak is ranked so high is because of a female disciple …" Zhang Wuxian said with a smile.
"That female disciple's talent must be extremely high, suppressing the other 31 peaks by herself and only losing to the Lone Sky Peak?" Luo Zheng continued Zhang Wuxian's words.
"Clap clap clap."
Zhang Wuxian clapped his hands. "Brother Luo Zheng's words are correct. That female disciple is like a fairy that descended to the mortal world, and her talent is extremely high. She has only been in the Blue Cloud Sect for two years, yet she has already risen so quickly. Therefore, brother Luo Zheng, if a female can achieve this, then you, as a man, don't belittle yourself! It's a pity that this kind of fairy-like female disciple was framed by someone, violated the sect's rules, and was sent to Purgatory Mountain … "
"What's that female disciple's name?" Zhang Wuxian piqued Mo Can's curiosity.
"It's a bit of a coincidence. That female disciple has the same surname as Luo Zheng, Luo, Yan!" Zhang Wuxian said with a smile.
"Pa!"
The celadon wine cup in Luo Zheng's hand was crushed into countless pieces. The wine splashed out and slowly flowed down his hand.
The three of them were all given a fright. They didn't expect Luo Zheng to have such a great reaction.
"Brother Luo Zheng, are you alright?" Mo Can asked in astonishment. "This Luo Yan, you know her?"
With Zhang Wuxian and the others' intelligence, how could they not see through this situation? They were all surnamed Luo, yet Luo Zheng still had such a great reaction. He already guessed seventy to eighty percent of the answer. However, when he saw how intense Luo Zheng's reaction was, Zhang Wuxian carefully asked, "Brother Luo Zheng, don't tell me this Luo Yan is your younger sister?"
This was the first time Luo Zheng directly heard news about his younger sister since he entered the Blue Cloud Sect.
Previously, when he asked Zhou Xian about Purgatory Mountain, he didn't ask about any specific people.
During these years, the one he worried about the most was his younger sister, worried about her safety. Now that it came from Zhang Wuxian's mouth, only then did he immediately become excited, crushing the wine cup.
Luo Zheng didn't reply to Zhang Wuxian's question, instead directly asking, "Brother Wuxian, why was Luo Yan framed in Purgatory Mountain?"
When he saw that Luo Zheng looked like he was going to eat someone alive, Zhang Wuxian put away his mischievous smile and said, "This matter has already stirred up a great commotion two years ago. That Luo Yan is as beautiful as a fairy, her talent is also great. It is rumored that she has a type of special bloodline within her body. This type of stunning female disciple will naturally be pursued by those enchanting disciples in the Blue Cloud Sect. The one who chased after her the most fiercely was Yun Fang who was ranked seven hundred on the Green Cloud Ranking! "
"Green Cloud Ranking?" These three words were extremely unfamiliar to Luo Zheng.
"Brother Luo Zheng doesn't even know what the Green Cloud Ranking is?" Zhang Wuxian asked in surprise.
When Zhou Xian saw this, he added from the side, "The Green Cloud Ranking is our Blue Cloud Sect's most important ranking. There are a total of a thousand names on it. The disciples who can enter the Green Cloud Ranking are our Blue Cloud Sect's most powerful existences!"
"So it turns out to be like this." Luo Zheng nodded. The Green Cloud Ranking recorded a thousand disciples in the Blue Cloud Sect, and that Yun Fang was actually ranked seven hundred. One could well imagine how powerful he was. He was anxious to hear more, so he said, "Brother Wuxian, please don't mind my interruption. Just continue."
Zhang Wuxian continued, "Actually, even though I am well-informed, I wasn't directly involved. I only know that Yun Fang had his family jewels crippled by Luo Yan, provoking the Yun Family's heaven overflowing fury. That Yun Fang is the youngest son of the Qilin Yun Family's Patriarch, one of the seven great noble families. The Yun Family's Patriarch only has two sons, and one of them had his family jewels crippled by Luo Yan. This matter made the Yun Family's Patriarch furious, blaming the Blue Cloud Sect. Even though Jade Maiden Peak argued strongly for the sake of protecting their peak's most outstanding female disciple, for the sake of appeasing the Yun Family's Patriarch's anger, in the end, Luo Yan was still banished to Purgatory Mountain!"
When he heard up to here, Luo Zheng's five fingers already dug into the table, drawing out five deep grooves.
The three of them could naturally tell that Luo Zheng's current mood was extremely stirred up.
Luo Zheng was indeed extremely stirred up. He had always been extremely calm. Even when facing a life and death battle, at the crucial moment, he would still be able to maintain a calm state of mind.
However, this matter was related to Luo Yan, so how could Luo Zheng remain calm?
Qilin Yun Family …
Right now, these four words were already deeply engraved into Luo Zheng's mind.
Qilin Yun Family was one of the seven great noble families, moreover one of the upper three clans above the seven great noble families! They were the third ranked noble family in the imperial capital.
Luo Zheng understood his younger sister's nature extremely well. She wouldn't rashly stir up trouble. Even though the information Zhang Wuxian gave him wasn't that detailed, Luo Zheng could guess some things even if he didn't think about it. It was definitely that Yun Fang who offended Luo Yan, and that was why he forced Luo Yan to cripple that fella's family jewels!
Crippling him was good. When the day comes when my strength is great enough, I will definitely overturn the Yun Family. Luo Zheng inwardly vowed.
"Brother Luo Zheng, Brother Luo Zheng! Are you alright? "Mo Can called out twice, his face full of worry.
Luo Zheng reacted, a forced smile appearing on his face as he said, "I'm fine, I'm fine …" Then, he asked Zhang Wuxian, "I want to know how to rescue someone from Purgatory Mountain."
"If Brother Luo Zheng wishes to rescue someone else, the problem isn't that great. A thousand points can be exchanged for a year of time." Zhang Wuxian explained, "For example, last month, our Xiao Yufeng's inner disciple Xue Changzai was punished to face the wall for four years. However, someone used four thousand points to exchange for four years of time, releasing Xue Changzai from Purgatory Mountain."
A thousand points could be exchanged for a year of facing the wall!
This price was a bit expensive, but there was still a trace of hope. Luo Zheng's eyes lit up. If this was the case, then he was going to frantically earn points. Then, he asked, "Then how many years was Luo Yan punished to face the wall?"
When Zhang Wuxian saw how concerned Luo Zheng was, he also knew that his answer was extremely cruel. He could only sigh and say, "A thousand years."
A thousand years …
In other words, if they wanted to release Luo Yan from Purgatory Mountain, they needed a million points!
The Blue Cloud Sect actually gave Luo Yan such a heavy punishment. A thousand years, could it be that they wanted their younger sister to die of old age in Purgatory Mountain?
Right now, Luo Zheng hated the Blue Cloud Sect as well.
When Zhang Wuxian saw this, he comforted, "The Blue Cloud Sect and the seven great landowning households have countless connections. Sometimes, their actions are caused by a few key figures. According to what I know, when most people, even those instructors, learned about this matter, they were all extremely furious. Meanwhile, Jade Maiden Peak even more so protected Luo Yan, and there were two instructors who even resigned from their instructors because of this matter."
Luo Zheng nodded and said, "I understand. This matter isn't a matter of personal responsibility. Many thanks for County Brother Wuxian's reminder."
Right now, the four of them already lost the elegance of drinking wine, hastily packing up the stall.
Luo Zheng didn't return home. Late at night, he stayed alone in the training room, venting all of his strength.
Strength, his own strength was still too weak.
Luo Zheng originally thought that after he entered the Blue Cloud Sect and became a disciple of the Blue Cloud Sect, he would be able to rescue Luo Yan.
However, Zhang Wuxian's words were like a wake-up call, letting him understand what kind of level his enemy was!
With his current strength, in the eyes of those great figures, he was just like an ant!
Boom!
Boom!
Boom!
The stone men and stone locks used for training were all destroyed by Luo Zheng one after another. The training room was in a complete mess.
Only after several hours did Luo Zheng leave the training room. After venting, his mood also became a bit better. Some of one's accumulated frustrations had to be released through certain methods. Luo Zheng chose the simplest and most effective method, which was violence!
Early next morning, Luo Zheng got up and climbed up Xiao Yufeng's mountain ridge. Above the mountain ridge was the residence of Xiao Yufeng's instructors.

Chapter 45
Su Lingyun was bent over her desk, writing at a high speed.
Today, she was wearing a bright purple dress with auspicious clouds. Her fairy-like face revealed a bit of tiredness.
Looking at the mountainous pile of tasks on her desk, Su Lingyun clenched her teeth.
Xiao Yufeng's instructors were coincidentally out today, so all the work was handed over to her to handle!
Su Lingyun was very clear that this was all that guy's doing. Trying to force her to surrender with heavy work? No way!
Just as Su Lingyun was working hard, Luo Zheng suddenly appeared at the door. Seeing the purple figure bent over her desk, he knocked on the door.
"Dong dong dong!"
Su Lingyun raised her head and saw that it was Luo Zheng. Her face revealed a strange expression, "Luo Zheng, what are you doing here?"
Luo Zheng stepped forward and said, "Instructor Su, I want to accept a task."
"Accept a task?" Su Lingyun blinked her eyes and smiled, "Actually, you don't need to be so anxious. The outer sect disciples will soon be giving out medicinal pills. Those medicinal pills will be enough for you to cultivate."
Generally speaking, the outer sect disciples who had just entered the Blue Cloud Sect would rarely be in a hurry to do a task.
Because at this time, the outer sect disciples' strength was relatively low. Even if they accepted a task, they could only accept a few simple tasks.
The points awarded were relatively small, so the gains did not make up for the losses. It was better to peacefully cultivate on Xiao Yufeng.
Luo Zheng shook his head and said, "What I want is not medicinal pills. What I need are points."
Luo Zheng had that wonderful Profound Weapon Physique. Ordinary medicinal pills were nothing in his eyes. Although the Blue Cloud Sect was rich and overbearing, even the medicinal pills distributed by the outer sect disciples were much better than the medicinal pills of the outer sect families.
But no matter how good the medicinal pills were, they could not be compared to the Heaven and Earth Fortune Pill. As long as Luo Zheng was beaten, he would be like the Luo Zheng who swallowed the Heaven and Earth Fortune Pill. Naturally, he did not need them.
"Why are you in such a hurry to get points?" Su Lingyun was a little long-winded today.
"I just need points," Luo Zheng said. He was more than anxious. He needed a million points!
Of course, reaching over a million points was something that was extremely far in the future. However, right now, he still had to obtain a hundred points. Admittedly, with his current power, he couldn't rescue Luo Yan from Purgatory Mountain, but a visit should be enough, right?
Seeing Luo Zheng being so stubborn, Su Lingyun didn't say anything. She reached out and opened a booklet beside her. She turned it in front of Luo Zheng and said in her crisp voice, "This booklet contains the most basic missions. You can choose one mission from it."
Luo Zheng stared at them. The missions were all written with a brush. Each vertical row represented a mission.
"Take care of the Li family's residence. Three days, three points …"
"Escort. Help Fu Wei Escort Agency deliver goods. Seven days, seven points …"
"..."
When he saw these points, Luo Zheng almost spat out blood.
The points awarded from these missions were just too little. One point a day. If Luo Zheng wanted to rely on these missions to earn a hundred points, it would still take more than three months.
If he relied on these missions to rescue Luo Yan, then it might take a million days.
"What? You think the points aren't enough? Everyone has this type of feeling at the start, but you'll slowly get used to it. "Su Lingyun smiled brilliantly.
Her smile was extremely beautiful, but Luo Zheng seemed a bit like an unscrupulous merchant.
In fact, those points were not small. Three points could be exchanged for six square crystal stones. For some small families, six square crystal stones were also a huge sum of money. What's more, the Blue Cloud Sect had to take a certain amount of fees in the middle according to the proportion. The actual expenses of others were actually larger.
"Are there any missions that give a bit more points?" Luo Zheng asked in an extremely conflicted manner.
"There are, but unfortunately, you can't accept them." Su Lingyun waved her hand and said.
At this moment, Luo Zheng only had the points in his eyes. He didn't care if he could accept the missions or not. He quickly said, "How do you know if you haven't tried? Can you at least let me take a look first? "
Although Luo Zheng's request was somewhat unreasonable, Su Lingyun still took out another booklet and showed it to Luo Zheng.
Luo Zheng looked at the points at the bottom. The first mission actually gave 200 points!
However, when he saw the mission requirements, he was immediately dumbfounded.
"Mission: Hunt down the Shadow Beast and obtain a complete Shadow Beast Skin."
The Shadow Beast was a special creature in the eastern region of the Eastern Region. They lived in the Shadow Forest. These Shadow Beasts' reproductive ability wasn't strong, so there weren't many of them. However, their individual strength was extremely terrifying. It was said that even Xiantian Mystic Realm cultivators would find it difficult to come back alive after entering the Shadow Forest.
He looked at the next mission, which also gave him 200 points, but the mission requirement was to hunt down a criminal who had been famous for many years.
Luo Zheng couldn't accept these missions at all.
However, when Luo Zheng continued to look, he found that there was another mission below.
The reward for this mission wasn't a fixed number. It could range from one point to over a thousand points.
Only when Luo Zheng looked carefully did he understand that this mission's requirement was actually to resist the bug tide!
The insect tide was a huge problem that plagued the southern part of the Empire.
Every year in April and May, a large number of blade insects would flood in from the blazing south, bringing a devastating disaster to the southern region.
Although the blade insects had the word "insect" in their name, they were definitely not as simple as insects. This was because each blade insect was about the size of an adult human.
In order to resist the invasion of these blade insects, the Empire would send a large number of troops to the south every year to eliminate the blade insects.
However, the Empire's troops alone weren't enough. The Blue Cloud Sect also sent a lot of people over.
That was why there was such a mission in the mission column.
"Killing 20 blade insects will give me one point, and killing a blade insect leader will give me one point …" Luo Zheng's mind was rapidly calculating. After a while, Luo Zheng said to Su Lingyun, "Instructor Su, I plan to accept the mission to resist the insect tide!"
Upon hearing Luo Zheng's words, Su Lingyun blinked her eyes and said with a mocking smile, "You really know how to choose. I guess you can only accept this mission out of all the missions in this book?"
Luo Zheng smiled and didn't deny it.
In order to earn points, he couldn't care less.
Instructor Su was still smiling a moment ago, but now her expression suddenly changed. "You're not allowed to go!"
Luo Zheng's smile stiffened on his face. He asked blankly, "Why?"
"Do you think blade insects are so easy to kill? There are indeed some half-step Xiantian cultivators who will accept these missions, but the mortality rate is as high as 60%. Do you understand what I mean? "Su Lingyun stared into Luo Zheng's eyes and said. With Luo Zheng's strength, killing blade insects? It was simply throwing away his life.
"I understand!" Luo Zheng nodded silently.
"It's good that you understand." Su Lingyun nodded with satisfaction and prepared to take the book away.
However, Luo Zheng reached out and pressed down on the book. "But I still want to accept this mission."
Su Lingyun didn't know whether to laugh or cry. She scolded in an unladylike manner, "What the hell do you understand! In short, you're not allowed to go! "
Luo Zheng said with a dignified expression, "Instructor Su, I know you're thinking for my safety, but I really need points. Therefore, I have to accept this mission, whether you agree or not …"
Seeing Luo Zheng's expression, Su Lingyun's pretty eyes revealed a puzzled expression. "Why do you need points so urgently?"
Luo Zheng shook his head and didn't want to answer. He just stood there like a block of wood, motionless. It seemed that he wasn't going to leave until he accepted this mission.
"You don't want to say? Don't even think about accepting this mission. "Su Lingyun also had a headache. This guy was as stubborn as an ox.
"Instructor Su, I must accept this mission!" Luo Zheng said repeatedly.
Su Lingyun didn't feel like arguing with Luo Zheng anymore. She lowered her head, picked up the pen, and began to get busy.
Therefore, Luo Zheng and Su Lingyun actually spent their time here.
For the whole day, the two didn't say a word.
Su Lingyun was busy with her own things, as if Luo Zheng didn't exist.
Luo Zheng stood next to her like a statue, motionless.
This strange situation continued until the evening. Su Lingyun moved her body and coldly glanced at Luo Zheng.
To be honest, Su Lingyun appreciated Luo Zheng very much from the first time they met.
But now, Su Lingyun had some feelings of disgust.
It was true that Luo Zheng's strength, the speed of his progress, and the perseverance he showed when facing the enemy were all excellent performances.
But now, in Su Lingyun's opinion, the reason why Luo Zheng wanted to accept this mission as soon as possible was just to hone himself and prove himself faster.
There was nothing wrong with this, but Su Lingyun felt that he was too eager for quick success and instant benefits.
Su Lingyun didn't feel like paying attention to Luo Zheng. She was about to leave.
But when she walked to the door, her head became hot. She turned around and threw a shiny token at Luo Zheng. "If you want to die, no one will stop you!"
Su Lingyun was very conceited about her insight. She knew that Luo Zheng's strength was far more than what he showed, but the insect tide mission was very dangerous. There weren't only ordinary blade insects in the insect tide, there were even more powerful creatures. The probability of Luo Zheng being injured and dying was very high.
When Su Lingyun was calm, she would never allow Luo Zheng to participate in this mission.
The problem was that Luo Zheng's eagerness for quick success and instant benefits made Su Lingyun a little angry. She became hot-headed.
Women were always emotional creatures. Throwing the token at Luo Zheng was just an act of pique.
Soon, Su Lingyun felt some regret. After all, Luo Zheng was a disciple she had painstakingly snatched back. It wasn't worth it to send him to his death like this.
But when she turned her head and saw Luo Zheng happily accepting the token, she once again rolled her eyes at Luo Zheng in a very unladylike manner and disappeared from the courtyard.
Luo Zheng wasn't a fool. He clearly felt Mentor Su's mood.

Chapter 46
That night, Luo Zheng took out He Bing's Zi Qing Sword and placed it in front of him.
This Zi Qing Sword was not only of good quality, but it also had a good appearance.
It could be seen that He Bing cherished this Zi Qing Sword very much. The scabbard was inlaid with multicolored gems and golden threads.
With a "Zeng" sound, Luo Zheng pulled the sword out of the scabbard. The sword's body flickered with purple and cyan light, which immediately enveloped the entire room.
"Good sword!"
Although this Zi Qing Sword and Xie Lang's Karmic Fire Sword were both high-grade profound weapons, Luo Zheng could clearly feel that this Zi Qing Sword was of a higher quality than the Karmic Fire Sword.
It was indeed a pity that such a good sword was smelted by Luo Zheng.
That He Bing even sent someone to intercede, wanting to redeem this Zi Qing Sword, but Luo Zheng flatly refused.
In order to increase his strength, Luo Zheng had no choice but to do this.
After carefully examining this Zi Qing Sword for a while, Luo Zheng clenched his teeth and began to communicate with the Heaven and Earth Furnace in his mind.
The black flame, like a small moth, drilled out from between his eyebrows. After spinning in a strange arc in the air, it pounced on the Zi Qing Sword.
The incomparably hard Zi Qing Sword was like a candle at this moment. It was devoured by the black flame from head to toe, turning into droplets of molten iron essence that emitted a metallic luster.
Luo Zheng counted the droplets of molten iron essence. His eyes suddenly lit up, and he happily said, "This Zi Qing Sword and the Karmic Fire Sword are both high-grade profound weapons, but the Zi Qing Sword can actually smelt ten droplets of molten iron essence!"
As for the reason, Luo Zheng could not understand. He did not even know what this molten iron essence was!
Luo Zheng had flipped through the refining books in Xie Lang's Sumeru Ring, but he couldn't find the origin and source of this molten iron essence. Perhaps those refining masters could explain it clearly …
When the black flames sucked the ten drops of molten iron essence into the mouth of the Qinglong sculpture, two green rays of light suddenly shot out from the two dark scales. After the rays of light dissipated, the two dragon scales lit up again.
On the body of the Azure Dragon statue, there were already four dragon scales lit up.
Luo Zheng clenched his fists. Now that he had stepped into the Marrow Refining Realm, coupled with the power of the four dragon scales, he might even be able to put up a fight against a Xiantian Realm expert.
That night, after Luo Zheng finished his preparations, he quietly left Little Rain Peak early in the morning the next day.
He didn't want to alarm Mo Can and the others. If they knew that he had accepted the mission, they would definitely stop him. He didn't want to waste his breath on this matter because it was something he had to do.
However, Luo Zheng didn't know that when he walked out of his room, he was noticed by someone.
That person had a stocky build and dark skin. He was Cao Lei, the person who had a dispute with Luo Zheng because of Steward Zhu.
After that day, Cao Lei sent Steward Zhu back and received instructions from Zhuge Feng to keep an eye on Luo Zheng. If Luo Zheng left Xiao Yufeng, he was to report to Zhuge Feng if there was an opportunity to make a move.
Today, when Cao Lei saw Luo Zheng leave Xiao Yufeng early in the morning, he realized that the opportunity had come. Thus, he followed Luo Zheng.
After following him for a while, Cao Lei discovered that Luo Zheng was actually walking east of the Blue Cloud Sect.
He originally thought that Luo Zheng was going to leave the Blue Cloud Sect, but there was no exit in the east. Cao Lei was confused.
However, not long after, Luo Zheng actually walked onto the "Azure Sky Platform". Only then did he understand that Luo Zheng must have accepted the mission. Moreover, he should have accepted the insect tide mission.
During this period of time, the insect tide was overflowing. The Blue Cloud Sect had issued a mission to exterminate the saber insects. Many disciples had accepted this mission.
The location of this mission was in the south of the empire. It was a long journey. If one walked, it would take too long to cross mountains and rivers. If one was late, the insect tide would probably end.
Therefore, the vast majority of disciples would head to the Azure Sky Platform after accepting the mission.
There were large flying chariots on the Azure Sky Platform. Those large flying chariots could travel thousands of miles a day and only needed a day to send people to the south of the imperial capital.
This Luo Zheng was most likely going to the Azure Sky Platform today because he had accepted the mission to exterminate the saber insects in the south.
Cao Lei was also somewhat puzzled. Luo Zheng was actually in such a hurry to complete a mission of this level now.
"Since you want to see the King of Hell as soon as possible, I'll send you on your way!" With a cold smile on his face, Cao Lei's figure slowly disappeared. He should report this matter to his superiors first.
The Azure Sky Platform was a large man-made rooftop. It was about ten feet tall and square.
When Luo Zheng climbed up the stairs, he had already discovered that many disciples of the Blue Cloud Sect were waiting here.
These disciples of the Blue Cloud Sect had the same goal as Luo Zheng. They had all accepted the mission of exterminating the insect tide issued by the Blue Cloud Sect.
Most of the disciples here wore black robes. Only a small number of disciples wore white robes. However, each of them faintly emitted a fierce aura. It was an aura that had been tempered in a sea of blood. Their strength was not ordinary.
Whether it was the white-robed outer sect disciples or the black-robed inner sect disciples, when they saw Luo Zheng, their eyes revealed a hint of surprise.
It wasn't that Luo Zheng was too special, but that Luo Zheng's realm was too low. He was only in the Marrow Refining Realm.
The "insect tide" mission was not simple. The number of blade insects was enormous, and each individual was very ferocious. What was even more terrifying was that they were not afraid of death. Even in the face of an expert, they would attack in groups without any regard for their own safety.
Even half-step Xiantian cultivators would die under the siege of saber insects if they were not careful.
Therefore, the minimum requirement to accept this mission was to be a half-step Xiantian cultivator.
Now that a guy in the Marrow Refining Realm had appeared, it was normal for everyone to have such a strange reaction.
Luo Zheng ignored the astonished gazes of these people. He found a corner on the Azure Sky Platform and sat down. Then, he closed his eyes and rested.
Opposite Luo Zheng, four or five inner sect disciples were sizing up Luo Zheng and whispering at the same time.
Their voices were neither loud nor soft. Luo Zheng could hear them clearly. It was obvious that the other party was doing it on purpose.
"Since when can a Marrow Refining Realm accept missions?"
"There are many ways to court death. There are always some people in this world who overestimate themselves."
"Hehe, I'll go tease him!"
These people discussed for a while. Then, a brawny man walked out from among them. He strode towards Luo Zheng and said condescendingly, "Hey, kid, you want to kill saber insects too?"
Luo Zheng opened his eyes, stared at the brawny man and said, "Is there a problem?"
"Haha," the brawny man laughed strangely. "You're only in the Marrow Refining Realm. Looking at your body, I'm afraid you'll be split in half by the saber insects!"
"Oh," Luo Zheng responded indifferently and closed his eyes again.
Seeing Luo Zheng's indifferent reaction, it seemed that his intimidation had no effect. The brawny man's eyes swept over and saw the token on Luo Zheng's waist. He reached out his large hand to take the token.
Just before the brawny man touched the token, Luo Zheng's eyes suddenly opened. His body moved like a rabbit, and he grabbed the brawny man's neck in an extremely dexterous manner. At the same time, he used the momentum of getting up to circle behind the brawny man. A broken throwing knife appeared in his hand, and he pressed it against the brawny man's neck.
Although the throwing knife was broken, the power it exuded was astonishing. It was as if it could cut through everything in the world. The sharp aura spread to the brawny man's skin, causing him to shiver uncontrollably.
When the brawny man's companions saw this scene, their faces all changed color. They never thought that this ordinary-looking boy would be so fierce. In the blink of an eye, he had subdued the brawny man.
"Friend, this is the Blue Cloud Sect. What are you trying to do?"
"Don't mess around. Qing Shan was just joking with you!"
The brawny man's companions came over and said nervously.
"Am I familiar with him? Do you still want to take my token? "Luo Zheng said expressionlessly.
One of them saw this and said, "This is Qing Shan's fault. Let him go first. We can talk things over. Qing Shan, quickly apologize to him."
The brawny man called Qing Shan was scared out of his wits. Only he could feel the killing intent released by Luo Zheng at that moment. If he really wanted to make a move, he was afraid he would already be a dead man. He said in a trembling voice, "I, I'm sorry. I was just joking … I offended you …"
Hearing Qing Shan's words, Luo Zheng withdrew the throwing knife and put it into the sumeru ring. He took a few steps back without saying a word, his face full of vigilance.
Although he was also a disciple of the Blue Cloud Sect, Luo Zheng's vigilance was not lowered in the slightest. Ever since he stepped into the Blue Cloud Sect, he had been plotted against by various people. He understood that in this martial arts holy land, the law of the jungle was still accurately enforced.
If he were a sheep, he would only be eaten.
The brawny man moved his neck and touched it with his hand. Only then did he breathe a sigh of relief. He looked at Luo Zheng with a trace of awe in his eyes.
However, the brawny man seemed to be a person who remembered to eat but not to be beaten. After sizing up Luo Zheng, he piled up a smile on his face and said, "Friend, my name is Qing Shan. The five of us often hunt knife insects. Those knife insects appear in groups. It would be very troublesome for one person."
Hearing the brawny man's words, Luo Zheng did not comment.
Seeing this, the brawny man added, "You guys, they hunt knife insects in groups because they are afraid of being attacked from the front and back. Why don't you join us?"
Luo Zheng shook his head and immediately refused the brawny man, saying, "Thanks, but I'm used to being alone."
After saying this, Luo Zheng found a corner to sit down and closed his eyes again.
Just now, Luo Zheng's move had attracted the attention of many people on the platform.
Most people put away their contempt. Even some inner court disciples who had stepped into the Xiantian Secret Realm had a dignified look in their eyes.
Martial artists liked to put themselves in the shoes of a hypothetical danger. Just imagine, if they were the brawny man just now, would they be able to dodge Luo Zheng's knife?
Most people had the same answer in their hearts: they couldn't dodge. Luo Zheng's reaction just now was too fast, and his move was too sudden.
Of course, Luo Zheng would not be so bored as to try to figure out what these people were thinking. After meditating for a while, he heard a trembling sound in the air. He looked up and saw a huge object descending from the sky.
It was a giant flying chariot.
＝＝＝＝＝

Chapter 47
The Flying Chariot was not commonly seen in the Empire because it was too expensive. The price of a Flying Chariot was equivalent to a high-grade mystic artifact.
Most importantly, a high-grade mystic artifact could greatly increase a warrior's strength, while a Flying Chariot was merely a means of transportation.
Therefore, in Chongyang County, where the Luo Clan was located, no clan would spend a large sum of money to purchase a Flying Chariot.
Only in a wealthy place like the Imperial Capital would Flying Chariots become a common sight.
However, this was the first time Luo Zheng had seen such a gigantic Flying Chariot. Seeing such a huge object floating in the air and slowly descending, Luo Zheng was extremely shocked.
The others present were used to seeing such a sight. When they saw the gigantic Flying Chariot descending, they all stood up. It was time to depart.
The gigantic Flying Chariot slowly stopped beside the Azure Sky Platform. A pontoon bridge extended from the side of the Flying Chariot and connected to the edge of the platform. A few people walked out and stood beside the pontoon bridge.
The Blue Cloud Sect disciples on the platform handed over their tokens for the people to inspect. Then, they crossed the pontoon bridge and entered the interior of the gigantic Flying Chariot.
Luo Zheng followed behind the crowd. When it was his turn, he also handed over his token. When the people discovered that Luo Zheng was only in the Marrow Refining Realm, they were astonished. However, they did not say anything. After inspecting the tokens, they indicated that Luo Zheng could enter.
Luo Zheng stepped onto the pontoon bridge and entered the interior of the gigantic Flying Chariot.
The interior of the Flying Chariot was very spacious. Along the walls of the Flying Chariot, rows of seats were fixed to the ground. Luo Zheng found a seat in the corner and sat down.
After a while, a tremor came from beneath his feet. The gigantic Flying Chariot began to rise into the air.
Looking out the window beside the seat, one could see the entirety of the Blue Cloud Sect.
The unbroken mountain range extended to the horizon. The Blue Cloud Sect occupied an area equivalent to a quarter of the Imperial Capital. However, if the unbroken mountain range behind the Blue Cloud Sect was added, it would be even larger than the Imperial Capital!
At this moment, a black mountain range appeared in Luo Zheng's vision.
Within the Blue Cloud Sect, most of the mountains were lush green and surrounded by trees. The sudden appearance of the black mountain seemed very out of place.
The words' Purgatory Mountain 'immediately appeared in Luo Zheng's mind.
He recalled that Zhou Xian had said that Purgatory Mountain was entirely pure black, moreover continuously releasing gray smoke, releasing a wave of sulfur aura. From the distance, it looked just like a terrifying purgatory.
Luo Yan was in that mountain.
Luo Zheng gazed into the distance, wanting to take in everything in the mountain. But after a while, he revealed a bitter smile. He had been possessed. Even if he had entered the Marrow Refining Realm and was refreshed, with his eyesight, how could he see clearly what was in the mountains from thousands of miles up in the sky?
Moreover, Purgatory Mountain was so massive, trying to find his own little sister Luo Zheng? This was undoubtedly the ravings of an idiot.
Even though this was what he thought, Luo Zheng still firmly locked his eyes on Purgatory Mountain. Only when the giant flying chariot changed directions and Purgatory Mountain disappeared from his line of sight did he retract his gaze.
The giant flying chariot's speed was extremely fast. From the Blue Cloud Sect to the Imperial Capital's south, it only used six hours.
Quite a few martial artists already began to whisper to each other. Some of them even began to make preparations. From the looks of it, they were about to reach their destination.
Right when everyone was making preparations, a sudden change occurred!
Kuang dang!
A glass window on the right side of the giant flying chariot suddenly shattered. Two green blades reached in through the window. The blades were like scissors, crisscrossing with each other. In an instant, the head of the person by the window was neatly cut off.
Meanwhile, a head covered in compound eyes reached in. It bit down on that person's head, and then quickly withdrew.
Blood flowed down that person's neck, splashing onto the ceiling of the giant flying chariot.
Inside the giant flying chariot, everyone remained silent for two seconds. Then, someone immediately shouted, "Insect attack! Everyone, be on guard! "
Those who dared to accept the bug tide mission were all veterans. After a brief moment of panic, everyone reacted and quickly moved closer to the center.
"That's a blade bug?"
Just now, Luo Zheng saw it extremely clearly. That blade bug was about the height of a person. Its entire body was green, and its head had compound eyes. Its appearance was sinister and ugly. There were wings on its back, and it had six legs. The two legs at the very top were like two flat long blades, exceptionally sharp.
As soon as Luo Zheng jumped off the chair, the glass window next to him also loudly shattered. A blade bug launched an attack at Luo Zheng.
A pair of lush green blades cut towards Luo Zheng from the left and right. Those blades were extremely fast, actually wishing to cut Luo Zheng in half.
This was the first time he came into contact with this type of fiend beast, so Luo Zheng was also a bit nervous. He didn't retreat, instead advancing. As soon as he made his move, a fierce fist smashed towards that blade bug's abdomen.
This blade bug's abdomen had a thick layer of carapace.
Originally, Luo Zheng thought that his fist would be able to shatter the carapace. He didn't expect that the carapace would be so sturdy that Luo Zheng's fist couldn't break it.
"Damn it!"
His fist didn't have any effect. What greeted him was the two blades.
"Swish!"
At this moment, a black and red sword ray shot out from behind Luo Zheng. That sword ray was extremely sharp and actually directly cut open the blade bug's head.
Although the blade bug's head was destroyed, it still valiantly waved the two blades in its hands. However, due to the loss of accuracy, its speed and strength were greatly reduced, allowing Luo Zheng to escape.
"Many thanks for your help, friend." Luo Zheng took the opportunity to dodge to a safe corner and said to a black-robed disciple. The black-robed disciple was a young man, but he had a long ponytail behind his head. The black and red sword ray he condensed just now wasn't Zhen Qi, but genuine Zhen Yuan! This ponytailed disciple was actually a Xiantian Realm expert!
"We are all members of the Blue Cloud Sect. This small matter is nothing." The ponytailed disciple said indifferently, "The blade bug's abdomen is very tough. Its weakness is its head. Unless you have a body of steel, don't get surrounded by them."
Luo Zheng nodded. Although this person was cold, not only did he save him, but he also briefly explained all the weaknesses of the blade bug. In the Blue Cloud Sect, such a person was very rare.
At this moment, blade bugs were constantly rushing in from the inside of the giant flying chariot, and battles were constantly breaking out.
No one expected that the blade bugs would suddenly attack the giant flying chariot halfway.
Someone shouted, "The blade bugs are destroying the bottom of the flying chariot!"
The bottom of the flying chariot was the driving force of the giant flying chariot. If the bottom of the flying chariot was destroyed, the entire flying chariot would fall down!
Unfortunately, there was no one on the huge Flying Chariot who could fly like the Blade Bug. There was nothing they could do other than watch.
Not long after, everyone felt the floor tilt. The giant flying chariot had indeed begun to fall!
Luo Zheng slid to a corner and grabbed onto a beam to stabilize himself.
He originally thought that after riding the giant flying chariot to their destination, they would rest for a while before starting to hunt blade bugs. Unexpectedly, they were suddenly attacked by these blade bugs and directly intercepted the giant flying chariot. Luo Zheng smiled bitterly. He was really unlucky.
Fortunately, only half of the bottom of the giant flying chariot was damaged. It was not completely destroyed. The driving force was still there, so the flying chariot's falling speed was not fast. It was only at a slanted angle as it slowly fell down.
Everyone grabbed onto the things next to them and firmly fixed themselves, bracing themselves for the impact of the fall.
"Boom!"
The giant flying chariot hit the ground with a loud and dull sound. The body of the flying chariot began to disintegrate from the middle of the keel. There were broken planks and wooden pillars everywhere …
The impact of the landing was not much of a threat to Luo Zheng. After a short period of chaos, he climbed out of the crashed flying chariot. Outside the flying chariot, many inner disciples had already begun to fight with the blade bugs.
Many of the people who came with him this time had already stepped into the Xiantian realm.
Other than Luo Zheng, most of the rest were experts in the half-step Xiantian realm.
Even though they had encountered such a serious crisis, everyone maintained a relatively stable state and quickly launched a counterattack against the blade bugs. For a time, all kinds of True Qi and True Essence flashed one after another. The battle was intense.
At this moment, Luo Zheng finally understood why it was called a bug tide.
Whether it was on the ground, in the sky, or in the forest, there was a lush green everywhere.
When these blade bugs flew, they completely covered the sky and covered the sun.
As soon as Luo Zheng climbed out, three or four blade bugs stared at him and pounced on him from three directions.
After the ponytailed youth's reminder, Luo Zheng already understood that the strongest defense of these blade bugs was their abdomen. The carapace that grew out of their bodies was even harder than human armor.
Learning from his mistakes, Luo Zheng naturally would not make the same mistake again.
Facing the simultaneous pincer attack of several blade bugs, Luo Zheng took the initiative to attack. First, he avoided the blade that pounced on him. Then, he exerted strength in his arm and smashed the blade bug's head with a punch. At the same time, he grabbed the blade bug's corpse and threw it behind him to block the path of the two blade bugs behind him.
These blade bugs relied on their advantage in numbers to encircle him and posed a considerable threat.
Therefore, Luo Zheng remembered the ponytailed youth's words and did not fall into the blade bugs' encirclement.
Originally, there were four blade bugs that came to surround him. Luo Zheng killed one of them and blocked the other two behind him. The one in front of him was easy to deal with. Before the blade bug could wave its blade, Luo Zheng's hand was like lightning and pressed on its joints. With a forceful pull, he dismantled the blade bug's two blades.
A single blade bug was not difficult to deal with.

Chapter 48
According to the Eastern Region's classification of demonic beasts, these ordinary blade insects should be considered Rank 3 demonic beasts.
However, the biggest difference between blade insects and other Rank 3 demonic beasts was that it was impossible for only one of them to appear.
"When you find a blade insect, there are at least two thousand blade insects behind it!"
This sentence was widely spread in the south. Although it was exaggerated, it was enough to prove the number of blade insects.
Facing such a huge number of blade insects, not to mention a half-step Xiantian cultivator, even a Xiantian realm expert would find it difficult to deal with them.
At present, the number of disciples of the Blue Cloud Sect was not small, and they were also very strong. In just a short while, hundreds of blade insects had been killed.
The corpses of the blade insects were like a ring-shaped hill, slowly piling up around the fallen flying chariot.
Although everyone had killed a lot of blade insects, there were more and more blade insects attacking them. These things were simply endless!
"Ah!"
Someone let out a blood-curdling scream. It was because one person was too radical and rushed into the encirclement of the blade insects. It was too late for the others to save him. Almost in an instant, that person was surrounded by a large group of blade insects and crazily eaten. By the time the blade insects dispersed, that person had already been eaten clean by the blade insects. Not even his bones were left.
Seeing this scene, many people's scalps went numb.
No one wanted to be eaten by insects.
However, the blade insects in front of them were endless. Once everyone's strength was exhausted, they would end up like this.
Everyone's hearts were gloomy, and their momentum was obviously low.
However, at this moment, someone suddenly shouted, "Everyone, fight! If you don't fight, you'll die! If you fight, there's still a way out! "
"Puff —" A purple True Essence arrow shot out, instantly piercing through a dozen blade insects.
"Bang!" The fiercely burning flames exploded, instantly burning half the sky. The power of the True Fire was extraordinary. It instantly burned dozens of blade insects, and the air was filled with the smell of burning.
The Xiantian realm experts began to exert their strength.
Seeing this, everyone was deeply encouraged and began to fight with all their might.
Luo Zheng's figure constantly shuttled through the blade insects. Although the power of the "Red Sandalwood Fist" was not outstanding, with his own strength and physical advantage, he was able to kill seven or eight blade insects in a short period of time.
Just as the battle raged on, someone cried out in alarm.
"Blade Insect Leader!"
Luo Zheng and the others looked up and saw that there were hundreds of purple blade insects mixed in the green. These blade insect leaders were twice the size of ordinary blade insects, and their bodies were covered with spikes. Their appearance was even more sinister and terrifying.
Was that the Blade Insect Leader?
The strength of the Saber Bug Leader was far stronger than that of ordinary Saber Bugs, not to mention that there were hundreds of them!
The blade insects in front of him were already very difficult to deal with, and now he had to face these even more powerful blade insect leaders.
The leader of the blade insects flew down from the sky, letting out ear-piercing screams. In addition, more blade insects were continuously replenishing their numbers.
Everyone felt a wave of sadness in their hearts. Was everyone going to die here today?
Who could have imagined such an outcome the moment they boarded the giant Flying Chariot?
In fact, although hunting Blade Insects was a rather difficult task, such a thing rarely happened.
At this moment, in the nearby forest, an object flew over with a "whoosh" sound. It was a piece of bamboo that had been set ablaze.
One end of the bamboo was emitting flames, and after it fell to the ground, the other end emitted thick smoke.
Luo Zheng sniffed and smelled a strong medicinal smell in the smoke.
Immediately after, more bamboo was thrown in.
Every single bamboo was ignited, and smoke came out from the other end.
Soon, the scene was wrapped in smoke.
It was very strange. The blade insects seemed to be extremely afraid of the smoke. After they discovered the smoke, they spread their wings and flew into the sky, circling around, not daring to rush into the smoke.
Even the more powerful blade insect leaders were the same.
Although the smoke was very uncomfortable, it was still within the tolerance range. At least they could finally take a break.
Soon after, everyone saw the forest shake, and many people came out. These people were all wearing the same clothes, and each of them carried a few bamboo joints on their backs. Their expressions were serious, and their movements were unified.
"Emperor Army!"
When the Blue Cloud Sect disciples saw these people, their faces relaxed. They were finally saved.
The Emperor Army was the empire's army. Every year, during the insect tide, the imperial capital would also dispatch a considerable portion of the Emperor Army to suppress the insect tide.
Compared to the Blue Cloud Sect disciples, the Emperor Army's actions were unified and strict. Although their individual strength might not be comparable to the Blue Cloud Sect disciples, their overall strength could not be underestimated.
After the Emperor Army walked out, they neatly lined up in a team. A young man with a crew cut walked out from the middle. The young man said with a serious expression, "I am the centurion of the Green Mist Squad, Lu Xiao! Blue Cloud Sect disciples, listen up. If you want to live, follow us! "
When the Blue Cloud Sect disciples heard this, they did not move. Instead, they looked at the piles of Blade Insect corpses.
The Blue Cloud Sect disciples didn't come here for a vacation. They came here to earn points.
According to the rules of the Blue Cloud Sect, killing twenty Blade Insects was another point. The corpses of the Blade Insects in front of them were all points in their eyes!
However, the Blade Insect corpses were so big that it was impossible to drag them back. Therefore, the Blue Cloud Sect stipulated that they only needed to dig out the demon beast core in the Blade Insect's chest.
Just now, everyone had worked hard and fought for so long. They had to get some spoils of war in their hands.
However, as soon as the Emperor Army came out, they asked everyone to leave with them. Of course, some people were unhappy.
In fact, the relationship between the Emperor Army and the Blue Cloud Sect disciples had never been harmonious. They didn't like each other and there were even group fights.
Someone said to Lu Xiao, "Can you wait? We still have to … "
Lu Xiao snorted and said, "I know what you want to do, but think carefully. We have detected that the army of Blade Insects is continuing to gather here. The lives of our Emperor Army are more valuable than the lives of your Blue Cloud Sect disciples! If you don't leave, we'll leave! "
When the Blue Cloud Sect disciples heard this, they felt that there was nothing they could do. They had already done their best to save them. As for their points, what did it have to do with them?
Therefore, everyone could only follow behind the Emperor Army.
A few Xiantian Realm experts looked at the insect corpses on the ground and seemed to want to stay and collect some crystal cores. With their powerful strength, some of them still had a chance to break out alone. However, they looked at the Blade Insects in the sky that were still increasing. In the end, they shook their heads and gave up.
The average strength of this group of Emperor Army was actually lower than that of the Blue Cloud Sect disciples. However, they had strange methods to deal with the insect tide.
For example, the bamboo joints on their backs should be specially made to resist the attacks of the Blade Insects.
Every time they walked a distance, they would ignite a bamboo joint. As long as the bamboo joint emitted thick smoke, the Blade Insects would not dare to come down and attack them. They could only hover above their heads.
The Emperor Army led the way without saying a word. On the other hand, the Blue Cloud Sect disciples had to attack the Blade Insects in the sky from time to time. They used sword qi or arrows to attack the Blade Insects in the sky.
The Blade Insects were relatively far away and difficult to hit. Therefore, every time they shot down one or two Blade Insects, some of the Blue Cloud Sect disciples would laugh loudly.
Luo Zheng followed behind. When he saw this scene, he could not help but shake his head.
Although the Blue Cloud Sect disciples were strong, the soldiers in front of them might not be a match for them in a one-on-one battle.
However, if they were to fight as a whole, the Blue Cloud Sect disciples would probably be defeated in one blow. They were not a match for the Emperor Army at all.
Their discipline was too poor. Perhaps four or five people could barely cooperate, but once there were more people, it would become chaotic.
After advancing for an hour, they finally walked out of the forest. Under the Emperor Army's lead, they crossed a small river and climbed over a hill. A city appeared in front of everyone.
"That's Dragon Castle. We've finally arrived!"
Some sharp-eyed inner sect disciples had already shouted.
The fortress in front of them was the Dragon Castle used by the Empire for cultivation. It was used to guard the southern border and was also their destination.
The Dragon Castle was the most important pass in the southern part of the Burning Heaven Empire. Further south was the endless tropical rainforest.
Luo Zheng had once read a book called "Records of Strange Beasts". This book recorded all the dangerous places in the Eastern Region.
One of the places recorded the story of the experts in the Eastern Region who went deep into the tropical rainforest. According to the book, the first hundred miles of the rainforest was safe. The demonic beasts encountered were only about the third rank. Five hundred miles further in, one would encounter a fifth rank demonic beast. After a thousand miles, all kinds of seventh and eighth rank demonic beasts would appear.
Further in was a world that was difficult for humans to explore.
Every year, many demonic beasts would run out of the tropical rainforest and charge into the Burning Heaven Empire for reasons unknown to humans.
The purpose of the Dragon Castle was to defend against the various demonic beasts in the tropical rainforest.
Among the many demonic beasts, the most troublesome one was the Blade Insect that Luo Zheng had encountered before.
As a fortress, the Dragon Castle looked very simple from the outside. There were no decorations on the walls or the moat. The only decoration was a huge dragon head sculpture hanging on the top of the Dragon Castle's wall.
The dragon head sculpture was completely black. Under the light, its eyes reflected a glossy luster. It bared its fangs and brandished its claws, emitting an incomparably domineering aura.
Passing under the dragon head sculpture, all the disciples of the Blue Cloud Sect couldn't help but show a trace of reverence.
When Luo Zheng passed by, he stopped for a while and stared at the dragon head sculpture's eyes. A trace of doubt appeared in his heart.

Chapter 49
Although that 'intent' was very, very small, almost negligible, Luo Zheng's soul had been tempered, and after he comprehended the Selfless Realm, he was very sensitive to this kind of 'intent', so he was able to sense this' intent '.
What puzzled Luo Zheng was that this dragon head was clearly just a sculpture carved out of a large stone by an artisan. It was not a living thing, so why could it emit "intent"?
After thinking for a while, Luo Zheng could not figure it out. He put this question aside for the time being and followed everyone into the Dragon Castle.
Inside the Dragon Castle, torches made of kerosene were everywhere. They were burning fiercely, and from time to time, crackling sounds could be heard.
Under the illumination of the flames, the dark Dragon Castle was brightly lit.
Lu Xiao led everyone to a building in the Dragon Castle and then said to everyone, "You can rest here today. It should not be the first time that many of you have accepted a mission. You know the rules of the Dragon Castle. If you want to follow our Imperial Army to hunt the saber insects, you can wait here tomorrow. If you want to act on your own, you can leave at any time!"
Hearing Lu Xiao's words, many of the Blue Cloud Sect's disciples had different expressions.
Four of them took the initiative to stand out. One of them cupped his hands towards Lu Xiao and said, "Brother Lu, thank you for helping us out today. We have decided to act on our own."
Lu Xiao waved his hand and said straightforwardly, "Go ahead!"
The four people cupped their hands towards the other Blue Cloud Sect disciples and then left.
After the four people left, more disciples of the Blue Cloud Sect chose to leave. In a short while, hundreds of Blue Cloud Sect disciples had all left.
Other than Luo Zheng, there were only three others.
It was Luo Zheng's first time participating in the insect tide mission. There was no one else he could cooperate with. Now, it seemed that it was not a bad thing to act with the Imperial Army.
As for the others who were willing to stay, they naturally had their own reasons.
Luo Zheng noticed that the ponytailed youth who had saved him on the giant flying chariot had also stayed.
Seeing that four people were willing to stay, Lu Xiao's attitude became much more polite. He said to Luo Zheng and the others, "Please come in!" After that, he turned around and shouted to the soldiers who were standing neatly behind him, "Today's mission has been completed. Brothers, you are free to move about!"
After the soldiers were dismissed, Lu Xiao accompanied the four of them into the building.
It turned out that this gray building was a tavern.
Luo Zheng walked in. A strong smell of alcohol, sweat, and smoke hit him in the face.
Luo Zheng and the other Blue Cloud Sect disciples couldn't help but frown.
Their reactions were all within Lu Xiao's expectations. He laughed and said, "My friends, the Imperial Army is stationed in the Dragon Castle. We live a life of danger. Naturally, it can't be compared to the life in the Imperial Capital. Please forgive us."
The Imperial Army was stationed here, fighting monsters all day long. Under such a harsh environment, even the most delicate people would be tempered to be rough.
"There's no need to be forgiven. When in Rome, do as the Romans do. If you want to live a comfortable life, why would you come to the Dragon Castle?" The ponytailed youth laughed.
"That's good, that's good." Then Lu Xiao found a table and shouted at the top of his voice, "Waiter, get your old guy a jar!"
The old guy Lu Xiao was talking about was a big jar of old wine. The jar had been thrown in the corner for many years and was covered with a thick layer of dust. The waiter didn't even wipe it. He just opened the lid and poured the wine on the table.
This "old guy" didn't look good, but when poured out, it was rich and fragrant.
After the waiter filled the wine cups and the few people casually made a toast, Lu Xiao could not wait to drink the wine in one gulp. Then, he licked his lips and said, "I haven't asked for your names, my friends!"
Luo Zheng and the others said their names.
"Luo Zheng."
"Zhao Xuyong!"
"Yang Tai!"
"Meng Changjun."
After everyone introduced themselves, Luo Zheng knew that the ponytailed youth's name was Meng Changjun.
Lu Xiao wrote down the names of the four people, then picked up the wine glass, "You are willing to stay and help our Qinglan team. On behalf of the soldiers, I thank you!"
"Brother Lu Xiao, you're too polite. We stayed because it's more convenient to hunt the blade insects." Luo Zheng finished the wine, put down the wine cup, and then asked, "I thought that it might be more profitable to hunt blade insects with the Imperial Army, but I don't know why the disciples of the Blue Cloud Sect don't want to?"
Just now, Luo Zheng also had some doubts. The Emperor Army obviously had a unique set of methods to deal with the blade insects, but the disciples of the Emerald Sky Sect were afraid of mixing with the Emperor Army. Could it be that there was some taboo in it?
Being asked this question, Lu Xiao was obviously stunned. He then said, "Brother Luo Zheng, this should be your first time in the Dragon Castle, right?"
Luo Zheng nodded, then Meng Changjun continued, "Brother Luo Zheng, you might not know, but the disciples of the Blue Cloud Sect always hunt blade insects in teams of four or five people. They work together, which is very efficient. Moreover, the rewards are all kept in their own pockets. If you follow the Imperial Army, sometimes you have to follow the team, which is quite restrictive. Sometimes, the Imperial Army will ask you to share a portion of the crystal cores with them. In such a situation, are you willing to act freely or follow the Imperial Army? "
Hearing Meng Changjun's explanation, Luo Zheng suddenly understood.
Most of the disciples of the Blue Cloud Sect probably felt that the efficiency of cooperating with the Imperial Army was too slow, so they were unwilling to act with the Imperial Army.
However, Meng Changjun did not make one thing clear to Luo Zheng.
Most of the disciples of the Blue Cloud Sect looked down on the Imperial Army. Compared to the disciples of the Blue Cloud Sect who were at the Half-step to Innate Realm or even Innate Realm experts, the Imperial Army was much weaker.
For example, the Centurion Lu Xiao was only at the Half-step to Innate Realm. Lu Xiao's subordinates were a mix of good and bad, with soldiers at the Bone Refining Realm, Viscera Refining Realm, and Marrow Refining Realm.
This kind of disdain went both ways. The Imperial Army did not think highly of the disciples of the Blue Cloud Sect. They thought that they were arrogant, undisciplined, and undisciplined …
However, the strength of the disciples of the Blue Cloud Sect was obvious. Therefore, they were still welcomed by the Imperial Army. If they could temporarily join the Imperial Army, they would be of great help. This was also the reason why Lu Xiao wanted to treat them to drinks.
"Meng Changjun, why are you willing to follow the Qinglan Team?" Luo Zheng could not understand this. Luo Zheng did not understand the situation in the Dragon Castle, which was why he stayed.
Unexpectedly, Meng Changjun shrugged his shoulders and smiled. "I came to the Dragon Castle to travel. I don't care about crystal cores or points …"
After hearing Meng Changjun's explanation, Luo Zheng was speechless. Just as he was about to ask why he didn't care about points, a voice sounded from the table beside them.
"Hehe, I was just saying that the Blue Cloud Sect has a great reputation. Every one of them is someone who can seize the fortune of heaven and earth. Who would have thought that I would see a fledgling today?" A rough voice sounded.
Luo Zheng and the others turned their heads and saw that the speaker was a big bearded man. The big bearded man was facing Luo Zheng's table and shaking his head.
Everyone quickly understood who the "fledgling" the bearded man was referring to.
Among the four disciples of the Blue Cloud Sect, Meng Changjun was an expert at the Innate Mystic Realm. Zhao Xuyong and Yang Tai were Half-step to Innate Realm. Only Luo Zheng was at the Marrow Refining Realm. Therefore, Luo Zheng was the "fledgling".
"Old Wu, you are spouting nonsense after drinking two cups of horse piss. Sit back down and continue drinking. Don't cause trouble!" Lu Xiao frowned and said to the bearded man. He then turned to Luo Zheng and said, "This guy forgot his surname after drinking a little. He likes to spout nonsense!"
Luo Zheng nodded lightly, indicating that he didn't mind. He never minded others underestimating his strength.
However, Old Wu ignored Lu Xiao. He actually left his seat and walked towards Luo Zheng. He said, "Lu Xiao, did I say anything wrong? The Blue Cloud Sect is known as the number one sect in the world. Is their talent withering now? They actually sent a junior at the Marrow Refining Realm here. Don't you think it's funny? "
Everyone in the tavern put down the wine glasses in their hands, and their gazes gathered in unison.
These Imperial Army soldiers didn't have much to do on a daily basis. Now that there was a show to watch, all of them were naturally interested.
What's more, most of them didn't like the Blue Cloud Sect's disciples. Old Wu finding trouble with the Blue Cloud Sect's disciples was indeed something they were happy to see.
In order to calm the situation, Lu Xiao scolded Old Wu and told him to calm down. On the other hand, he said to Luo Zheng, "Brother Luo Zheng, don't take it to heart. Old Wu had some conflicts with the Blue Cloud Sect's disciples some time ago. He was a little angry, so he spoke like this …"
"Angry? What? Are those Blue Cloud Sect's disciples worthy of making me angry? Lu Xiao, don't try to smooth things over here! " Old Wu didn't buy Lu Xiao's words at all. He said to Luo Zheng, "Kid, if you have the guts, come and spar with me. Let me see the domineering aura of the Blue Cloud Sect's disciples!"
Luo Zheng wasn't moved by this blatant provocation.
Luo Zheng accepted the mission to kill the Blade Bugs to accumulate points. On the other hand, it was to train himself and let him grow faster.
He had no interest in this kind of meaningless dispute.
Meng Changjun, who was sitting next to him, also had an indifferent expression. He didn't want to get involved in this kind of thing.
Instead, it was Zhao Xuyong and Yang Tai who couldn't take it anymore.
"If you want to see the domineering aura of the Blue Cloud Sect, I, Zhao Xuyong, am willing to accompany you!" Zhao Xuyong stood up with a crash.
"You Imperial Army soldiers are really promising. You're a half-step to the Xiantian Realm, while Brother Luo Zheng is only at the Marrow Refining Realm. You're picking on the weak?" Yang Tai said with a face full of ridicule.
In fact, Yang Tai's words could be considered as admitting that Luo Zheng's strength was indeed too low. Although Yang Tai wanted to protect Luo Zheng, he didn't consider Luo Zheng's feelings.
Luo Zheng originally didn't care. He didn't care how others looked at him.
The problem was that the people on the table were very likely to be his future comrades. He couldn't appear too weak. Thus, he stood up and stood in front of Yang Tai and Zhao Xuyong. "My two dear friends, since the other party is here for me, let me deal with this matter."
＝＝＝＝＝

Chapter 50
"But that guy is at the Half-Step to Innate Realm. You are obviously at a disadvantage!" Yang Tai said anxiously.
Zhao Xuyong also nodded. "Yeah, Brother Luo Zheng. This is unfair."
Upon hearing that, Lu Xiao wanted to stand up and stop Luo Zheng. He knew Old Wu's strength very well. He was a Half-Step to Innate Realm expert. If Luo Zheng really fought with him, he would definitely be at a disadvantage!
However, before he could stand up, Meng Changjun placed his hand on his shoulder. Meng Changjun then shook his head at Lu Xiao and said, "Let him handle this matter himself. Since he joined the Imperial Army to fight with us, we have to believe in his ability."
"But …" Lu Xiao still wanted to say something.
However, Meng Changjun whispered, "I think Brother Luo Zheng is definitely not an ordinary Marrow Refining Realm expert."
Meng Changjun was a Xiantian Realm expert. Naturally, his judgment was different.
Since Meng Changjun said so, Lu Xiao had no reason to stop him. However, his expression did not look too good. Old Wu was obviously not giving him any face.
"Haha, you may be weak, but you still have the guts. Brothers, move the tables and chairs away and make some space!" Old Wu shouted.
When there was a show to watch, there was never a lack of people to set up the stage.
Moreover, in the tavern of the Dragon Castle, such things would happen every few days. The waiter at the side hurriedly moved the tables and chairs away, making an empty space.
Old Wu stood in the middle of the space and gave a thumbs up. He pointed to the floor and said in a slightly drunk tone, "Kid, come here!"
Luo Zheng nodded. His gentle gaze suddenly changed and became extremely sharp. That gaze seemed to be able to see through anyone's disguise and go straight to the person's heart!
Then, when he took his first step, his entire aura underwent a drastic change.
His soul was far stronger than ordinary people. Naturally, the aura he exuded was stronger.
With every step Luo Zheng took, his aura grew stronger. After taking seven steps, Luo Zheng seemed to have changed into a different person. He was like a demon that crawled out of hell. He was extremely domineering and exuded a terrifying aura!
This was also because Luo Zheng hadn't tempered his soul to the level of "Will". Otherwise, this pressure alone would be enough to injure everyone present!
Feeling Luo Zheng's power, the faces of everyone in the tavern changed.
Even Meng Changjun's eyes were filled with astonishment.
On the Azure Sky Platform, he had seen Luo Zheng fight with the brawny man named Qingshan. Luo Zheng's movements were skillful and experienced. The whole process was done in one go. His strength was not as simple as it seemed on the surface.
But now, the aura that Luo Zheng was exuding actually made Meng Chang Jun, a Xiantian Realm master, feel pressured and threatened!
It was true that this kid was in the Marrow Refining Realm, but how many tricks did he have up his sleeves?
At this moment, the most awkward person was Old Wu. After all, the power that the others felt was just the residual power that Luo Zheng had released.
On the other hand, Old Wu was being directly suppressed by Luo Zheng's aura. He felt as if he had sunk into a quagmire. The air around him seemed to have solidified.
He groaned in his heart. Old Wu knew very well that none of the disciples that came out of the Blue Cloud Sect were weak. But this kid in front of him was only in the Marrow Refining Realm!
This Marrow Refining Realm fledgling seemed to be ridiculously strong.
He must have cultivated some kind of cultivation technique that increased his aura. Perhaps his strength was actually very ordinary? This thought suddenly appeared in Old Wu's mind. Hence, Old Wu gritted his teeth and decided to unleash what he was best at — strength.
No matter what cultivation technique one cultivated, strength was always linked to one's realm.
Every time one advanced to a higher realm, the body would have fewer impurities and become purer. Their strength would also increase.
The strength of a Half-step to Xiantian Realm was stronger than that of a Marrow Refining Realm. This was an ironclad rule.
Furthermore, Old Wu's "Giant Ape Iron Fist" could double his strength. Among those of the same realm, there were very few who were stronger than Old Wu.
Hence, Old Wu took the initiative to punch. He gathered all the strength in his body and smashed it fiercely at Luo Zheng.
"Pu!" A muffled sound rang out.
What welcomed Old Wu was Luo Zheng's palm. To be more precise, Luo Zheng used his palm to block Old Wu's attack. Then, he locked Old Wu's fist in his own hand.
Old Wu's fist was only halfway through when he could no longer push it forward.
Luo Zheng actually caught his fist with brute force!
Old Wu wanted to push it forward, but it didn't budge.
He wanted to pull his fist out of Luo Zheng's hand, but it still didn't budge.
Sweat trickled down Old Wu's forehead. A dark red color spread from his neck to his face. He was stuck between a rock and a hard place.
He knew that he had lost all his face!
Everyone in the tavern was stunned by this miraculous scene.
As comrades who had fought together, they were very clear about Old Wu's strength.
But this Marrow Refining Realm kid had actually caught Old Wu's fist with one hand.
It wasn't easy to do this. Even Lu Xiao, who was also a half-step to the Connate Realm, couldn't do this. This meant that Luo Zheng's strength far exceeded Old Wu's.
This was indeed the case. Luo Zheng, who had awakened four dragon scales, was almost comparable to a Connate Mystic Realm expert in terms of strength!
This strange situation lasted for a few breaths. Then, Luo Zheng took a deep breath. Then, he shook his arm forcefully and pushed Old Wu away.
Old Wu felt a huge force pass through his arm. He was sent flying and smashed through seven to eight tables. Then, he smashed a wooden cabinet and smashed it into pieces. He only came to a stop after smashing into the wall.
The tavern fell into a dead silence.
The Emperor Army and the Blue Cloud Sect had fought more than once.
Although the Blue Cloud Sect's disciples were outstanding, the Emperor Army was made up of experts who had been through bloody battles. Their combat ability was superior. Most of the time, they weren't inferior to the Blue Cloud Sect's disciples.
Today, he had been thoroughly humiliated by a junior in the Marrow Refining Realm.
These soldiers couldn't keep their faces straight.
If it were any other day, the entire tavern would have been in chaos.
But today, everyone saw clearly that Old Wu was the one who had deliberately stirred up trouble. He even found a Marrow Refining Realm junior to be his opponent.
Although these Emperor Army soldiers were ruffians, they were still soldiers after all. At the very least, they were reasonable. Today, Old Wu was completely defeated. He had completely humiliated himself. He couldn't blame that Marrow Refining Realm kid.
Lu Xiao was a little embarrassed.
On one hand, Luo Zheng had accepted his invitation to join the Green Mist Team. He naturally didn't want Old Wu to interfere and embarrass Luo Zheng. On the other hand, Luo Zheng's performance was too shocking. He had completely humiliated Old Wu. After all, Lu Xiao and Old Wu were both Emperor Army soldiers and were considered colleagues.
Looking at Old Wu lying on the ground, Lu Xiao felt a little resentful. He didn't know the immensity of heaven and earth after drinking two cups of yellow soup. The Blue Cloud Sect was a holy land of martial arts. There were many hidden dragons and crouching tigers. What could he do if he humiliated himself?
He could only smooth things over. "Alright, today's sparring will end here. Everyone still has a mission tomorrow. I think everyone should go back and rest early …"
This wasn't a staircase, but it was still a staircase.
Old Wu got up from the ground and shook his hands and feet. His complexion showed that he wasn't injured. Everyone knew in their hearts that Luo Zheng must have held back. Otherwise, Old Wu would have been directly injured by Luo Zheng's strength.
Old Wu was a soldier after all. Although he was unreasonable, he was straightforward and upright. After being knocked down by Luo Zheng, he actually walked over to Luo Zheng and cupped his hands. "Brat from the Blue Cloud Sect. What domineering strength and ability. I, Old Wu, am convinced. Today's matter is my fault." After saying that, he cupped his hands again to the surrounding crowd and said, "I've embarrassed myself, I've embarrassed myself!" After saying that, he raised his head and left.
After coming out of the tavern, Lu Xiao explained to Luo Zheng, Meng Changjun, and the others why Old Wu hated the disciples of the Blue Cloud Sect so much.
It turned out that some time ago, Old Wu led his Qinghe Squad on a mission. At that time, there were several disciples of the Blue Cloud Sect in his squad.
In the process of carrying out the mission, they were besieged by the saber insects. The disciples of the Blue Cloud Sect relied on their own strength to kill their way out of the encirclement of the saber insects, but they left the Qinghe Squad there. In the end, although the Qinghe Squad relied on perseverance to break out of the encirclement of the saber insects, they sacrificed dozens of soldiers of the Qinghe Squad.
Those soldiers were all subordinates who had gone through fire and water with Old Wu. If the disciples of the Blue Cloud Sect hadn't abandoned the Qinghe Squad, the Qinghe Squad wouldn't have sacrificed so many soldiers.
"Brothers who went through fire and water with you were eaten by blade insects in front of your eyes. This feeling is very painful," Lu Xiao said as he shook his head.
Luo Zheng nodded and said, "I can understand. Old Wu is such a loyal person. He's not a bad person."
"It's good that Brother Luo Zheng understands!" Lu Xiao smiled and said, "It's getting late. Now that the insect infestation is everywhere, there will definitely be a mission tomorrow. I'll arrange a place for the four of you to rest first."
…
…
That night, another gigantic Flying Chariot descended on Dragon Castle.
After the door of the gigantic Flying Chariot opened, the disciples of the Blue Cloud Sect filed out.
The last person to walk out was Cao Lei.
Behind Cao Lei were two slender youths with gloomy expressions.
One of the two youths had extremely white skin. It was a sickly white that didn't have any trace of blood in it. The other had dark skin, as if he had smeared a layer of charcoal on his skin. Both of their auras were extremely restrained, but the faint sharp aura they emitted indicated that they were Xiantian mystic realm experts.
"Brothers, we have arrived at our destination!" Cao Lei said very politely.
"You made us come so far for a Marrow Refinement realm brat? You really have nothing better to do," the fair-skinned youth said unhappily.
Cao Lei smiled and said, "There are always benefits to working for Third Young Master. Killing that brat is as easy as lifting a finger. Let's just treat it as a vacation."
The other dark-skinned youth snorted and said, "Nonsense. If it wasn't for Third Young Master, do you think the Black White Double Demons would follow you to this godforsaken Dragon Castle? Are you sure that Luo Zheng brat is in Dragon Castle? "
Cao Lei nodded and said, "Of course, I'm 100% sure."
"Then why don't you call him out and let me kill him with a palm strike? We'll take the Flying Chariot back immediately! "the two youths said in unison.
Hearing their words, Cao Lei felt a headache coming on. One of them was called White Demon and the other was called Black Demon. Together, they were the Black White Double Demons.
Both of them were very strong, but their personalities were too arrogant and perverse. If they didn't serve them well, they would kill.
Thinking of Third Young Master's promise, Cao Lei suppressed his dissatisfaction and explained, "This Dragon Castle belongs to the Emperor's army. Do you think you can escape unscathed after killing people?"
"Then what do we do? Do we have to wait for that brat to leave the city? "White Demon said with a gloomy face.

Chapter 51
"Dong Dong Dong Dong Dong!"
Early in the morning, Luo Zheng was awakened by the sound of intense war drums.
When he opened the door, he was immediately infected by the atmosphere in front of him.
A hundred men in a squad of the Imperial Army were leaving the city in batches amidst the war drums.
Afterwards, Lu Xiao found Luo Zheng, organized the team, and also received the mission to go out of the city to hunt blade insects.
The front of the Dragon Castle spanned hundreds of miles, and it was the main battlefield between humans and blade insects.
Along the way, the corpses of blade insects could be seen everywhere. They were thrown on both sides of the road and piled up into a small mountain.
Luo Zheng noticed that there were many people looking for something around the mountain of blade insects' corpses. From time to time, they would stab the blade insects' corpses.
Those people were actually mortals without body refinement.
For these powerless mortals to appear in such a dangerous place, any ordinary blade insect could take their lives.
Seeing this scene, Luo Zheng asked doubtfully, "Those civilians have no ability. They risk their lives to walk out of the Dragon Castle and wander outside. Are they not afraid of death?"
When Lu Xiao heard Luo Zheng's question, he immediately laughed and said, "Death? Of course they are afraid of death. These guys are killed by blade insects every year. Two days ago, a few escaped the net and rushed over, killing more than ten civilians. "
"But why are they risking their lives to leave the city?" Luo Zheng asked, puzzled.
After Lu Xiao heard this, he laughed and said, "This matter is caused by your Blue Cloud Sect."
Seeing Luo Zheng's puzzlement, Meng Changjun explained, "Our Blue Cloud Sect counts the number of blade insects killed. We rely on the crystal core in the blade insect's chest. The crystal cores in these blade insects' corpses have already been dug out, but there are always fish that slip through the net. These people came out to try their luck, hoping to find a crystal core. There are many people in the Dragon Castle who are willing to spend a lot of money to buy it. "
At this point, Luo Zheng came to a sudden realization.
The crystal cores of twenty blade insects could be exchanged for one Blue Cloud Sect point, and one point was equivalent to two square crystals.
Although it was impossible for these commoners to exchange for cube crystals, if they could exchange for real gold and silver, which were like dung to warriors, it would be enough for them to live a comfortable and prosperous life. It was no wonder that they were willing to risk their lives and leave the Dragon Castle to search for those who had escaped.
In the dense tropical rainforest, there was only silence at this moment.
Every year, when the Insect Swarm began, all the other Demonic Beasts would either flee in all directions or hide underground. Just like the humans, those Demonic Beasts could not resist the Insect Swarm Army.
Other than the rustling of the trees, there was no other sound.
Luo Zheng and the others became even more cautious.
The blade insect was emerald green in color and was good at camouflage and surprise attacks. It often gave humans a fatal blow when they were not paying attention.
The moment he pushed aside the bushes, two blades swiftly and violently swung towards Luo Zheng's neck.
Luo Zheng sneered. Purple energy suddenly erupted from all over his body, and he forcibly pinched the edge of one of the blades with his hand.
With a crack, Luo Zheng actually forcibly broke it. At the same time, his other fist smashed the blade insect's head into pieces.
The sudden appearance of a blade insect immediately raised everyone's vigilance to the highest level. Seeing Luo Zheng deal with it so neatly, they did not relax. At the same time, they all thought of a proverb: When you find a blade insect, there are actually at least two thousand blade insects behind it.
Rustle rustle rustle!
The forest in front seemed to come alive. Countless blade insects seemed to appear out of thin air and surrounded everyone.
"Kill!"
At this moment, there was only this thought in Luo Zheng's mind.
In Luo Zheng's eyes, these blade insects were the points, the ticket to Purgatory Mountain.
After entering the Marrow Refining Realm, Luo Zheng's control over the True Qi in his body rose to another level. Although he could not release True Qi like a half-step Xiantian, or use True Essence like in the Xiantian Secret Realm. But in the Marrow Refining Realm, his control over True Qi had reached an extremely mature state.
Streaks of purple energy flowed out from Luo Zheng's body like silk threads. Then, they turned into surging fists and fiercely smashed into the blade insect's head.
"Die for me!"
Two blade insects flew over from the left and right, their sharp blades pointing straight at Luo Zheng's body.
Luo Zheng did not dodge. His two fists punched out at the same time, and the Red Sandalwood Fist's fist intent was displayed to the extreme.
Puff puff!
Two muffled sounds were heard. The abdomens of the two blade insects were directly smashed by Luo Zheng. The Demonic Beast Cores hidden in their chests directly rolled down.
After getting rid of these two blade insects, he did not have time to pick up the cores on the ground. A whooshing sound came from behind him. Luo Zheng almost subconsciously lowered his head to avoid the blade insect's attack. He turned around and punched towards the blade insect's abdomen.
"Red Sandalwood Inch Punch!"
The blade insect's abdomen was their hardest part. Luo Zheng had suffered a loss before.
However, the "Red Sandalwood Inch Punch" had the effect of hitting a cow through a mountain. The power of this punch directly penetrated the thick carapace of the blade insect's abdomen and went deep inside to cause damage.
Puff puff puff puff …
Following seven muffled sounds, the blade insect's abdomen was blasted open by Luo Zheng's surging fist force. Its vitality was completely extinguished, and it fell to the ground.
One blade insect after another charged over. Luo Zheng was not afraid in the slightest. He fought steadily and surely.
Every time he punched, a blade insect would fall in front of him. Not long after, the corpses of those blade insects were piled up like a small mountain.
While fighting, Luo Zheng noticed that the others were also fighting with all their might.
At this moment, Meng Changjun was holding a treasured sword and strolling leisurely. Every time a blade insect approached, he would unsheathe his longsword and shoot out a black-red sword beam, instantly piercing through a blade insect. As expected of a Xiantian Secret Realm expert. The sword beam condensed from Quintessential Essence was so sharp!
Yang Tai and Zhao Xuyong were also extremely ferocious. The two of them had rich combat experience. This was not their first time participating in a blade insect hunting mission. They were very familiar with the blade insect's habits and weaknesses. Every attack was aimed at the blade insect's weak spot.
Under Lu Xiao's command, the Green Mist Squad lined up in formation to deal with the blade insects' attacks.
"Shield Block!"
"Spear Thrust!"
"Bow Shoot!"
Although the strength of the landowning households in the Green Mist Squad was far inferior to the four from the Blue Cloud Sect, under Lu Xiao's command, they were not afraid of the blade insects' attacks.
"Crack!"
Another blade insect's forelimb was broken by Luo Zheng's powerful strength. Then, Luo Zheng's hand pressed hard on the blade insect's head, causing the fragile insect's head to explode in an instant.
After killing this blade insect, Luo Zheng could no longer see any other living blade insects around him.
Meng Changjun and the others, as well as Lu Xiao, only had a few blade insects scattered around them. They were quickly eliminated by them.
Looking at the blade insects piled up like a small mountain in front of him, Luo Zheng roughly estimated that there were more than sixty blade insects. This way, he could obtain more than sixty demon beast cores, which was only three points.
The Blue Cloud Sect's points were too difficult to earn. He had worked hard for so long, yet he could only exchange them for three points. Luo Zheng could only smile bitterly as he peeled the demon beast cores.
In total, 100 points would require him to kill 20,000 blade insects!
It was only 20,000 blade insects. With his ability, he only needed half a month to complete this mission and gather 100 points!
Spending half a month of effort to be able to see his sister was not a big price to pay! Moreover, Luo Zheng could train in battle and increase his strength!
Thinking of this, Luo Zheng worked even harder to pull out the demon beast cores from the blade insects' bodies.
After killing the first wave of blade insects, everyone continued to advance along the periphery of the forest.
Along the way, Luo Zheng was very active in hunting blade insects, and the number of demon beast cores increased one by one.
"More blade insects are coming!"
After these few waves of hunting, Luo Zheng quickly became familiar with the habits and sounds of blade insects. However, by relying on the sound of the wind blowing from ahead, Luo Zheng could distinguish them.
Seeing the forest not far away shake, a large wave of blade insects pounced on them.
However, this wave of blade insects was different.
Within the wave of blade insects, there were dozens of purple blade insects.
"Blade insect leaders!"
Seeing the blade insect leaders, Luo Zheng's eyes flashed slightly.
Blade insect leaders were much more valuable than blade insects. Every blade insect leader could be exchanged for one point, which was equivalent to killing 20 blade insects.
However, relatively speaking, the difficulty of killing a blade insect leader was much more difficult than killing a blade insect.
"Everyone, be careful. These blade insect leaders are highly toxic. Don't be stung by their poisonous needles!" Lu Xiao couldn't help but remind them. In fact, apart from Luo Zheng, everyone else understood blade insects very well. These words were equivalent to saying it for Luo Zheng to hear.
Every blade insect leader was a level 4 demon beast. Their strength was equivalent to a half-step Xiantian cultivator. Moreover, this purple blade insect leader was highly toxic and covered in spikes. It was very difficult to deal with.
Hearing Lu Xiao's reminder, Luo Zheng's face did not reveal the slightest trace of fear. Instead, he took the lead and rushed forward.
The purple blade insect leaders discovered Luo Zheng at the front. They let out squeaking sounds in the air. These blade insect leaders were actually communicating with each other!
The biggest difference between blade insect leaders and ordinary blade insects was that they all had intelligence and could communicate.
Noticing Luo Zheng rushing out alone, six or seven blade insect leaders, after communicating, actually surrounded Luo Zheng in a fan shape.
"Aiya, Brother Luo Zheng, you're too reckless. You're actually surrounded by blade insect leaders!" Lu Xiao shouted.
"Let's go save him," Yang Tai and Zhao Xuyong said as they rushed forward. After the battle just now, everyone had some understanding of each other and had become temporary battle partners. Of course, they were not willing to let Luo Zheng be killed by the joint efforts of those blade insect leaders.
Only Meng Changjun stood motionless. From his perspective, Luo Zheng was not such a reckless person. If he really was reckless, it was because he had the strength to deal with it.

Chapter 52
Facing six blade insect leaders at once, even an expert of the Xiantian Secret Realm would feel a little flustered.
Whether it was in terms of speed or strength, the blade insect leaders were far more powerful than ordinary blade insects, but these were not the most frightening. The most frightening thing about them was the poison on their spikes.
In the desert, there was a kind of poisonous scorpion whose stinger would cause any creature to fall down and die on the spot. In the forest, there was a kind of butterfly that looked like a ghost face. The poisonous powder of this ghost face butterfly could turn a radius of several miles into a land of death.
In the face of these poisonous creatures, experts of the Xiantian Secret Realm were generally not too afraid, because the existence of Zhen Yuan allowed them to quickly isolate the poison from their bodies, making it difficult for the poison to invade their bodies.
However, the poison of the blade insect leaders would not kill, but it would produce a severe paralyzing effect. Moreover, this kind of poison ignored the isolation of Zhen Yuan and directly penetrated into the human body. Even experts of the Xiantian Secret Realm would be unable to move after being poisoned.
Therefore, when facing the blade insect leaders, everyone would be very careful, fearing that they would be accidentally poisoned and be paralyzed and unable to move. At that time, they could only become food in the blade insect's mouth.
Others were afraid of the poison of the blade insect leaders, but Luo Zheng was not afraid at all.
His body was a Xuan Weapon Body. To put it bluntly, it was a high-grade Xuan Weapon. A weapon would not be afraid of any poison.
Luo Zheng rushed up alone. Although it was a little reckless, he was actually well prepared.
At the same time he jumped high, a ring was fastened to Luo Zheng's hand. It was a pair of copper rings given to him by Mentor Su. There was an invisible chain between the copper rings, and the other copper ring was fastened to the broken throwing knife.
The six blade insect leaders in front of him surrounded Luo Zheng in a fan shape. At the same time, they emitted a sharp whistle from their mouths, and the purple poisonous stingers on their bodies suddenly shot toward Luo Zheng.
In the face of the poisonous stingers that everyone could not avoid, Luo Zheng did not dodge. He let these poisonous stingers hit his body, and then suddenly threw out the broken throwing knife in his hand.
Whoosh!
At the same time, Luo Zheng pulled hard on the ring in his hand, and the broken throwing knife immediately swung in a circle around him.
The broken throwing knife was extremely sharp. It drew a circle and just happened to cut across the heads of the six blade insect leaders. Then, Luo Zheng's leap was exhausted, and he landed lightly on the ground.
In the air, the six blade insect leaders maintained their original flight for a while before their heads separated from their bodies. The six blade insects that had lost their bodies fell from the air and heavily hit the ground.
The six blade insect leaders instantly died...
"Beautiful! Brother Luo Zheng's Zhen Yuan of Luo Zheng's eyes.....
. He Luo Zheng...... Of the blade insect leader's Luo... of the blade insect leader Luo Luo Zheng..... Luo Zheng....... Luo of of Luo Zheng of Luo Zheng....
. Luo Zheng.... Luo Zheng... Luo Zheng... Luo Zheng... Luo Zheng... Luo Zheng...
... Luo Zheng was hit by more than just one poisonous stinger.
Those poisonous stingers rained down on Luo Zheng's body. Let alone a human, even an elephant would be paralyzed and unable to move.
But looking at Luo Zheng's lively appearance, how could he be poisoned at all?
"Is this kid still human?" Lu Xiao couldn't help but sigh.
Meng Changjun stood in place with his sword in hand. Although he had a rough estimate of Luo Zheng's performance, Luo Zheng's performance still exceeded his expectations.
"Originally, I thought it was too boring to stay in the Blue Cloud Sect, so I came out for a walk. I didn't expect to meet such an interesting guy." Meng Changjun smiled. This kind of enchanting talent had a limitless future. As long as he didn't die prematurely, he would become an overlord.
However, there was no need to deliberately rope him in. If this kid had trouble in the future, he might be able to help him. Thinking of this, he unsheathed his sword and faced the wave of blade insects.
At this moment, this large wave of blade insects swept over, and everyone began a new round of hunting.
Luo Zheng... His whole body was shrouded in purple qi. The more he fought, the braver he became.
A Saber Bug Leader's demon beast core was worth one point. Just now, he had killed six Saber Bug Leaders in one move, which was six points. This speed of accumulating points was much faster than killing ordinary Saber Bugs.
However, these blade insect leaders were different from blade insects.
They had intelligence. Since they had intelligence, they wouldn't be as fearless as ordinary blade insects.
When they discovered that Luo Zheng had killed six blade insect leaders in an instant, the remaining blade insect leaders scattered and avoided Luo Zheng. They also commanded more ordinary blade insects to pounce on Luo Zheng.
Luo Zheng's hand was constantly waving. With the help of the strong centrifugal force, the broken throwing knives madly revolved around Luo Zheng.
"Huff huff huff …"
Dozens of blade insects rushed toward Luo Zheng. However, after Luo Zheng adjusted his direction, the dozens of blade insects were instantly cut in half by the spinning throwing knives. The broken limbs scattered on the ground. These blade insects, which made people's expressions change, were as weak as ants in front of Luo Zheng.
Soon, the blade insect corpses were piled up like a small mountain. Among the mountain of blade insect corpses, there were a few purple blade insect leaders from time to time.
This wave of blade insects was much more numerous than the previous ones. However, with Luo Zheng's "windmill" existence, the speed of killing them was actually a bit faster. After killing the dozens of blade insect leaders, the remaining small wave of blade insects actually began to retreat.
Luo Zheng didn't pursue. There was still a pile of blade insect corpses on the ground, waiting for him to dig up the spoils.
However, at this moment, Lu Xiao saw the blade insects flying back. His face was full of doubt, but after thinking of a certain possibility, his expression suddenly changed.
"Not good! Everyone, retreat! "Lu Xiao suddenly shouted.
Luo Zheng was using the broken throwing knives to pick out the crystal cores from the blade insect leader's chest. Hearing Lu Xiao's words, he asked in puzzlement, "Why should we retreat?"
"Those ordinary blade insects are actually running back. Nearby … there must be …" Lu Xiao's face was deathly pale.
"What is it?" Luo Zheng saw that Lu Xiao was frightened and realized the seriousness of the problem.
"Blade Insect … Queen Mother," Lu Xiao said these three words, his throat gurgling.
Lu Xiao had been in Dragon Castle for many years and was very clear about the habits of blade insects. Whether it was the blade insect leader or the ordinary blade insects, they were all under the command of the blade insect queen. Although the blade insect leader had the ability to think independently, the real commander of the blade insect army was the blade insect queen.
Because blade insects didn't have the ability to think, every blade insect was a fearless death warrior. Even in the face of a powerful enemy, they would rush forward without hesitation. Therefore, under normal circumstances, blade insects wouldn't have the concept of retreating or running away.
From this point of view, they were natural fighters.
However, once the blade insect retreated, it meant that there must be a call from the blade insect queen nearby.
The Blade Insect Queen was the emperor of the blade insects. All of the blade insect armies were produced by the Blade Insect Queen. Even a Xiantian Realm expert would have to flee if they saw the Blade Insect Queen. Only a higher level expert would have the power to fight the Blade Insect Queen.
If a blade insect queen appeared at this time, everyone present would die.
This was the root of Lu Xiao's fear. At the same time, he was also very puzzled.
It was reasonable to say that the daily tasks assigned to the Supreme Army by Dragon Castle wouldn't be too risky.
Although the blade insect queen was powerful, there were countless experts in Dragon Castle. For example, the famous "Flying Dragon General" in Dragon Castle had personally killed several blade insect queens.
The Supreme Army's investigation work was very good. Under normal circumstances, they wouldn't assign such a dangerous task to the Qinglan Squad.
However, it didn't make sense to send the Qinglan Squad to such a dangerous area today. Unless someone wanted the Qinglan Squad to die!
Although he thought so, Lu Xiao didn't voice the doubts in his heart. At this moment, he only wanted to take his Qinglan Squad and retreat quickly.
Everyone couldn't be bothered to dig for crystal cores. They put down their work and quickly left the place.
However, just as everyone turned around, they felt a tremor coming from the ground.
"Bang!"
"Bang!"
"Bang!"
It was the sound of a behemoth walking.
The sound was getting louder and louder. The tremor on the ground was getting stronger. This meant that this powerful creature was rapidly approaching.
Everyone's hearts began to sink. Lu Xiao was right. There really was a blade insect queen nearby.
However, a human's desire to live was infinite. Although they knew it would be difficult to escape, everyone still ran.
Luo Zheng maintained a uniform speed and followed behind Meng Changjun. The four disciples of the Blue Cloud Sect were also secretly complaining at this time.
The probability of encountering a blade insect queen was very low in such a large area outside Dragon Castle. Even if a blade insect queen occasionally left its nest, it would be quickly killed by the experts in Dragon Castle. However, they encountered it today …
Just as everyone passed through a forest, a huge red blade suddenly appeared in front of them.
The red blade neatly cut through the forest. At the same time, it also cut through the dozens of soldiers at the very front.
"Ah!"
The dozen or so landowning households were cut in two. They only had time to let out a scream before they were quickly devoured by the ordinary blade insects lurking in the surroundings.
Luo Zheng and the Green Mist Squad quickly came to a halt. In front of them, a sixty to seventy foot tall Saber Insect Queen was blocking their path. The Saber Insect Queen's entire body was bright red, and its two huge blades were constantly grinding against each other. Its huge compound eyes were firmly locked onto the group.
Being stared at by such a huge creature, Luo Zheng immediately felt his hair stand on end. There was only one thought left in his mind. Run!
Even under such circumstances, Lu Xiao didn't give up easily. At this moment, his quality as an imperial army was clearly visible. "Go to the side, as many as you can! Everyone run! "
As soon as Lu Xiao's voice fell, the Blade Bug Queen's huge body moved again. Although it was huge, its speed was shockingly fast. It nimbly sealed off the side of the tunnel, and the two giant blades once again slashed towards the group.
In the face of this giant blade, Luo Zheng jumped up at the critical moment, barely avoiding the blade's horizontal cut and rolling over the piece of land.
The others weren't so lucky. Another seven or eight soldiers were cut in two by the blade insect queen's blade.
Yang Tai was originally standing behind the landowning households. Seeing the huge blade cutting towards him, it was too late for him to dodge. Yang Tai's face showed a desperate and determined expression. At the last moment, he gathered all the strength in his body, and his whole body shone with a golden light.
This half-step Xiantian master's strength couldn't be underestimated when his life was hanging by a thread.
"Boom!"
Yang Tai used all the strength in his life to blast the golden light in his hand onto the huge blade.
His tyrannical strength could only block the blade insect queen for a moment, and then the blade mercilessly cut Yang Tai in two. It was extremely tragic.
＝＝＝＝＝

Chapter 53
When Luo Zheng, Meng Changjun, and Zhao Xuyong saw this scene, their faces darkened.
Although the four of them did not deliberately form a small team, they had some cooperation and tacit understanding with each other when they went out to kill blade insects with the Green Mist Squad.
However, just a few hours later, one of them died tragically on the spot. At this moment, they naturally felt a sense of sadness. Was everyone going to die here today?
At this moment, Lu Xiao suddenly roared. While running, he actually shot an arrow at the Blade Bug Queen's compound eye. However, the arrow was easily pushed aside by the Blade Bug Queen halfway through its flight.
Although the arrow hadn't caused any damage to the Blade Bug Queen, it had successfully angered it. The Blade Bug Queen chased after Lu Xiao.
"You guys run! I'll lead the Blade Bug Queen away! "Lu Xiao shouted at everyone. Clearly, he had already disregarded his own life.
Taking advantage of the fact that the Blade Bug Queen was chasing after Lu Xiao, it opened up a path for the others to escape.
However, the situation was still urgent. In addition to the Blade Bug Queen, there was still a black mass of blade insects and over a hundred blade insect leaders.
The soldiers of the Green Mist Squad decisively ignited the bamboo joints, and smoke billowed out. Whether it was the blade insect leaders or the ordinary blade insects, they all hated the smoke and avoided it. Finally, a path was opened in front of them.
"Let's go! Luo Zheng! "Zhao Xuyong was about to leave when he saw Luo Zheng standing there in a daze.
"Brother Luo Zheng, if you don't leave now, you won't be able to leave." Meng Changjun also revealed a strange expression.
Luo Zheng thought for a moment, and his face suddenly revealed a determined expression. He said to them, "Brother Meng, Brother Zhao, you guys leave first. I'll go help Lu Xiao!" After saying that, Luo Zheng stepped forward and chased after Lu Xiao.
"What are you going to do? Die?" Zhao Xuyong shouted.
Meng Changjun blinked but did not say anything. He had always been very good at reading people. Although he had only known Luo Zheng for two days, he already understood Luo Zheng's character. Persuasion was useless.
Lu Xiao's running speed was extremely fast, but the Blade Bug Queen's every step covered a distance of several dozen feet, so her speed was even faster.
However, because they weren't running in a straight line, Luo Zheng directly ran in a straight line and quickly caught up with them.
He was a hundred zhang away from the Blade Insect Queen!
After entering the Marrow Refining Stage, Luo Zheng was "refreshed" and had a very accurate grasp of distance.
The whistling wind blew past Luo Zheng's ears. He clasped the broken throwing knife in his hand, and his palms were already sweating.
At this moment, Luo Zheng wasn't timid at all. Instead, he was a little excited!
Fifty Zhang!
As he got closer and closer, Lu Zheng could see the patterns on the Blade Bug Queen's body.
Twenty Zhang!
Ten Zhang!
The Blade Bug Queen had already caught up to Lu Xiao. Its huge blade was already raised high in the air.
Facing the Blade Bug Queen alone, Lu Xiao already understood that he had no way out. However, as a standard soldier of the empire, even if he was on the verge of death, he wouldn't just sit and wait for death. Fighting with his last bit of strength was his true nature, so there was no despair in Lu Xiao's eyes. Instead, there was boundless courage and strength.
He roared and his muscles bulged as he charged at the Blade Bug Queen's huge blade.
"Now!"
At this moment, Luo Zheng focused all his strength on his feet and leaped into the air.
At the same time, borrowing the force of this leap, the broken throwing knife in his hand cut through the air and flew towards the Blade Bug Queen.
The Blade Bug Queen's body was huge, and the broken throwing knife was only as long as a forearm. Even if it shot into its body, it wouldn't cause much damage. Luo Zheng's target was the Blade Bug Queen's forelimbs!
Luo Zheng's timing for this attack was extremely accurate!
When the Blade Bug Queen's blade was still a few meters away from Lu Xiao, the broken throwing knife stabbed into the Blade Bug Queen's forelimbs with a "pu" sound.
The Blade Bug Queen's carapace was extremely hard, but the broken throwing knife still cut through it effortlessly.
"Bang!"
The huge blade left the Blade Bug Queen's body and heavily smashed into the ground. Lu Xiao was completely dumbfounded at this moment, as if he didn't understand what had happened.
"Squeak squeak squeak!"
The Blade Bug Queen was in pain and raised its head to let out a loud screech.
The screech caused Luo Zheng and Lu Xiao's eardrums to sting.
Its compound eyes turned and quickly found Luo Zheng next to it. It turned its head and the remaining blade slashed at Luo Zheng's head!
At this moment, Luo Zheng was already prepared. He dodged this terrifying attack and madly ran in another direction.
The Blade Bug Queen's blade left a long crack in the ground and returned to its side. Its mouth was still letting out screeches. At this moment, all its aggro was locked onto Luo Zheng as it chased after him, ignoring Lu Xiao who was next to him.
Lu Xiao, who had narrowly escaped death, felt like he was about to collapse. His chest heaved up and down as he watched the Blade Bug Queen leave. He never thought that Luo Zheng would lead the Blade Bug Queen away at a time like this!
The wind whistled past his ears as the trees on both sides fell behind Luo Zheng. Luo Zheng didn't choose a path because he didn't have the chance to identify the path ahead!
Other than madly running forward, there was no time for him to think.
The Blade Bug Queen madly chased after him. Even though there was only one blade left, to Luo Zheng, it was still an invincible existence.
"Whoosh!"
A red shadow flashed an inch behind Luo Zheng, cutting a ten-meter-long crack in the ground behind Luo Zheng.
The Blade Bug Queen's speed was clearly faster than Luo Zheng's. It was almost certain that it would catch up to Luo Zheng!
What should I do?
Luo Zheng's heart gradually sank. Facing such a powerful opponent, he didn't even have a chance to fight it head-on.
"Whoosh!"
A red shadow mixed with a strong wind came slashing at him. Luo Zheng jumped up again and dodged the blade. He rolled forward and continued to run.
Crashing through the bushes in front of him and passing through the forest, Luo Zheng saw a canyon in front of him. With a glance, he found that the canyon was actually seventy to eighty feet wide.
"Jump over!"
Rushing to the edge of the canyon, Luo Zheng gritted his teeth and gathered all his strength under his feet. His whole body shrank into the shape of a bow and then quickly spread out.
Using this force, he directly bounced himself to the other side of the canyon.
However, while he was still in the air, he saw the Blade Bug Queen also leaping up. At the same time, it spread its wings and flew up.
"Damn, this Blade Bug Queen can't fly!" Luo Zheng thought gloomily.
The Blade Bug Queen indeed couldn't fly. Because its body was too big, its wings couldn't carry its body into the sky.
But relying on its powerful hind legs to bounce up and spread its wings, it could glide in the air for a while.
At the same time, the remaining red blade was about to slash at Luo Zheng.
"I'm dead for sure this time …"
He was in the air and couldn't dodge. He could only watch as the huge blade swung over.
At this critical moment, a fierce desire to live rose from Luo Zheng's heart.
"I absolutely can't die!" Luo Zheng's eyes were bloodshot as they were about to split open.
In a moment of desperation, Luo Zheng stuck the broken throwing knife to his arm and used his arm to block the Blade Bug Queen's blade.
Clang!
The violent force collided with the broken throwing knife, but it didn't break. Sure enough, this broken throwing knife was tough enough to block the Blade Bug Queen's attack.
Pfft!
But the violent force passed through the broken throwing knife and onto Luo Zheng's body. Luo Zheng spat out a large mouthful of blood, creating a bloody rain in the air.
He felt the blood in his body churning, as if his organs were about to be crushed.
Fortunately, Luo Zheng's body was special. With such a violent collision, even a half-step Xiantian or Xiantian Mystic Realm expert would die without a doubt, let alone a Marrow Refining Realm expert.
Luo Zheng absorbed most of the force and turned it into a warm current that constantly seeped into the depths of his bones and cleansed his marrow.
Even so, the remaining force was still extremely domineering, causing him serious injuries.
But with this huge force, Luo Zheng flew even higher. He floated in the air for dozens of feet before slamming heavily into the ground, creating a large crater in the soft soil.
"Boom!"
The ground shook as the Blade Bug Queen crossed the canyon and landed on the ground. Then, it rushed towards Luo Zheng.
Luo Zheng felt like his body was about to be torn apart. He didn't want to move, but when he saw the Blade Bug Queen rushing towards him, he spat out a mouthful of blood and cursed. He endured the pain and crawled out of the crater and ran forward again.
In this chase, Luo Zheng ran another few hundred feet. At this time, a huge cave appeared in front of Luo Zheng.
He looked around and saw an endless forest in front of him. There was no place to hide from the Blade Bug Queen's pursuit.
Without thinking too much, Luo Zheng could only dive into the cave.
For humans, the inside of a cave was far more dangerous than the outside.
Especially a cave like this in the wild. Who knew what kind of powerful creature created it?
But Luo Zheng had no choice. Continuing forward was a dead end. He could only hope that there was a chance in this cave.
When Luo Zheng entered the cave, the Blade Bug Queen didn't hesitate and followed Luo Zheng in. It looked like it wouldn't stop until it killed Luo Zheng.
The cave was very wide. Even the Blade Bug Queen's huge body could move freely. Fortunately, the cave was curved. Although the Blade Bug Queen was fast, it was far from Luo Zheng's agility.
Therefore, the distance between the two couldn't be closed.

Chapter 54
Due to the lack of light, Luo Zheng could only see darkness in front of him. He could only rely on the faint light to barely discern the path ahead.
As for the small Demon Beasts hiding in the darkness, Luo Zheng did not consider them at all. The biggest trouble was right behind him.
The Blade Insect Queen persevered in chasing after him, its huge body smashing many of the stone pillars in the cave.
It was unknown whether it was relying on its keen sense of smell or a special imprint on Luo Zheng's body, but Luo Zheng managed to get rid of it several times through the numerous caves. However, not long after, it caught up with him again.
Under this chase, the smell of sulfur that rushed into his nose became stronger and stronger.
Just as Luo Zheng entered a series of caves, his eyes suddenly widened, and at the same time, he was enveloped by a dark red light.
In front of Luo Zheng's eyes, there was unexpectedly an underground lake. However, this underground lake was not filled with water, but surging magma. Within the magma, dark red flames were constantly blooming and extinguishing.
It was unexpectedly the Core Fire!
According to ancient records, the Core Fire was a kind of flame that emerged from the core of the earth.
Refining Masters both loved and hated the Core Fire. Compared to the True Essence Fire that they cultivated, the Core Fire was much more violent, much more violent, and at the same time, much more unstable. However, when refining some special magic weapons, the Core Fire had a miraculous effect.
The smell of sulfur that Luo Zheng had smelled before should have been emitted by this pool of Core Fire.
"Rumble, rumble …"
Behind Luo Zheng came another series of tremors.
The Blade Insect Queen had caught up again.
"It's haunting!"
Luo Zheng's complexion changed. Seeing that there was a road on the side of the Core Fire lake, he followed it and ran around the magma lake.
The ground beside the magma lake had been burned by the Core Fire for a long time. Stepping on it, he felt a scalding sensation. At the same time, in the air, waves of heat attacked Luo Zheng.
At this moment, Luo Zheng did not care about anything. After all, escaping was more important.
"Boom!"
A pool of magma suddenly exploded, and a ball of Earth Core Fire shot out from the magma towards Luo Zheng.
Luo Zheng was running at a high speed. When he saw the dark red Earth Core Fire, he hurriedly rolled on the ground to avoid the Earth Core Fire.
That ball of Earth Core Fire swept past Luo Zheng's back and splashed on the nearby stone wall, immediately burning a big hole in the stone wall.
"The power of the Earth Core Fire is too terrifying." Luo Zheng noticed that the stone wall on the left was covered with countless bowl-sized holes. It seemed that the stone wall on the left had been eroded by the Earth Core Fire for many years and a layer had been cut off.
After witnessing the power of the Earth Core Fire, Luo Zheng became even more cautious. If the Earth Core Fire suddenly exploded and burned his body, he didn't know what would happen.
But at this moment, a squeaking sound came from behind Luo Zheng. He turned his head and saw that the Blade Insect Queen had finally appeared beside the magma lake.
Although the Blade Insect Queen was powerful and had a hard carapace, it was also very afraid of the Earth Core Fire. It followed the path beside the magma lake and continued to chase after Luo Zheng.
But the good thing was that compared to the Blade Insect Queen's huge body, Luo Zheng's body was much more agile, so it was naturally much easier for him to avoid the Earth Core Fire.
The Blade Insect Queen's huge body was also very afraid of the Earth Core Fire. Moreover, the vibrations caused by the Blade Insect Queen's footsteps were transmitted to the magma lake, causing the rolling magma to erupt with Earth Core Fire. In order to avoid the Earth Core Fire, the Blade Insect Queen's speed was naturally much slower than Luo Zheng's.
Seeing that the distance between him and the Blade Insect Queen was getting wider and wider, Luo Zheng's heart also relaxed. It seemed that as long as he went around the magma lake, he would be able to get rid of the Blade Insect Queen.
But when he looked ahead, his face suddenly changed. His heart that had not been relieved for long immediately became tense again.
In front of Luo Zheng, there was a huge creature blocking his path.
It was a huge beast that looked like a lion, but its head was more than ten times bigger than a lion!
This huge beast had a fiery red mane all over its body. Two thick and powerful claws were clawed on the ground, and its huge head was hanging to the side. It also had a scorpion-like tail that would occasionally wave twice. This huge beast was currently snoring loudly!
"Fire Scorpion Lion …"
A terrifying name rose from the depths of Luo Zheng's mind.
Luo Zheng was able to recognize this huge beast in an instant. It was not that he was knowledgeable, but the Fire Scorpion Lion's special characteristic was its scorpion-like tail. It liked to live in areas with extremely high temperatures, so it was very easy to recognize. Luo Zheng had read about it in books before.
The Fire Scorpion Lion's strength was extremely strong, especially its scorpion-like tail. It was one of its most deadly weapons. If a Xiantian realm expert encountered a Fire Scorpion Lion, they would not even have a chance to escape.
This powerful strange beast was extremely widespread in ancient times, and there were many of them. But now, it was on the verge of extinction in the Eastern Region.
The reason was that the Fire Scorpion Lion's body contained an extremely rare crystal core called the Fire Scorpion Crystal Core. This crystal core was an item of extreme Yang energy. Whether it was used for alchemy or weapon forging, it was an excellent material. It was something that top level weapon forgers and alchemists could only dream of obtaining.
If anyone knew that a Fire Scorpion Lion was hiding in this cave, it would immediately attract a large number of experts to hunt it down.
At this moment, Luo Zheng had no interest in the Fire Scorpion Crystal Core. What he was interested in was how to escape from this Fire Scorpion Lion with his life.
The Fire Scorpion Lion was still in a deep sleep. From the sound of its drum-like snoring, it seemed to be sleeping soundly.
Thinking of the Blade Bug Queen behind him, Luo Zheng had no better ideas. He could only take the risk and walk past the Fire Scorpion Lion.
But what if he accidentally woke the Fire Scorpion Lion when he passed by it …?
The only outcome would be death.
"Should I take the risk? Luo Zheng hesitated.
If he did not take the risk, he would be torn to shreds by the Blade Bug Queen. If he took the risk, there was still a chance of survival. Luo Zheng had no better choice.
Seeing the Fire Scorpion Lion's ferocious fangs and its swaying scorpion tail, Luo Zheng took two deep breaths and walked forward with light footsteps.
As Luo Zheng slowly approached the Fire Scorpion Lion, he could smell the rank odor coming from its body. He forced himself to endure the smell and made his footsteps lighter and slower. He was afraid that he would wake the Fire Scorpion Lion up if he wasn't careful.
Twenty steps.
Ten steps.
Five steps.
Luo Zheng was getting closer and closer to the Fire Scorpion Lion. His heart was pounding and his teeth were clenched tightly.
Just as he was three steps away from the Fire Scorpion Lion, the Fire Scorpion Lion suddenly rolled over and stretched out its limbs.
This action of the Fire Scorpion Lion caused Luo Zheng's heart to jump up to his throat and stop beating completely!
Fortunately, after the Fire Scorpion Lion stretched, it actually rested its huge head on its front legs and went back to sleep. It did not even notice Luo Zheng who was so close to it.
Luo Zheng opened his mouth and exhaled softly. He tiptoed forward again, inch by inch ….
Just as Luo Zheng thought that he could successfully pass through, the Blade Bug Queen caught up.
"Rumble! Rumble! Rumble! "
The Blade Bug Queen stomped on the ground, creating a huge tremor.
The Fire Scorpion Lion suddenly opened its huge eyes and stared at Luo Zheng in front of it. "Gu gu" sounds came from its mouth.
Luo Zheng and the Fire Scorpion Lion stared at each other for a moment. Luo Zheng exerted force in his legs and leapt backwards!
The Fire Scorpion Lion was furious that it had been disturbed from its sleep. It raised its thick front claws and pounced towards Luo Zheng.
It was like a cat catching a mouse ….
However, Luo Zheng's reaction was extremely fast. The Fire Scorpion Lion's pounce missed.
"Roar!"
The Fire Scorpion Lion was thoroughly enraged. It roared at Luo Zheng and prepared to pounce again. However, at this moment, it noticed the Blade Bug Queen and stopped trying to capture Luo Zheng.
Luo Zheng swallowed a mouthful of saliva. He realized that he would not be able to walk out of this hopeless situation today.
Behind him was the Blade Bug Queen and in front of him was the Fire Scorpion Lion.
No matter which one it was, it was an existence that could instantly kill him.
At this moment, the Blade Bug Queen and the Fire Scorpion Lion had both noticed each other's presence. Both sides revealed deep fear in their eyes.
However, neither side chose to back down.
The Blade Bug Queen waved its huge red blade and screeched, as if warning the Fire Scorpion Lion not far away.
The Fire Scorpion Lion's claws continued to dig into the ground, easily leaving claw marks on the hard stone surface.
This confrontation lasted for about half an incense stick's worth of time.
The Blade Bug Queen was the first to lose its patience. Its screeching suddenly became urgent and rushed towards Luo Zheng.
The Fire Scorpion Lion also raised its head and let out a roar that echoed throughout the cave. It also rushed towards Luo Zheng.
Standing in the middle, Luo Zheng's face darkened.
At this moment, he had no other choice. Gritting his teeth, he jumped into the lava lake to the side ….

Chapter 55
The two giant beasts on the shore were no longer paying attention to Luo Zheng. They were actually fighting each other.
Although the Blade Worm Queen had lost one of its limbs to Luo Zheng, the remaining blade was still a powerful and deadly weapon. Moreover, it was much bigger than the Fire Scorpion Lion.
Although the Fire Scorpion Lion was smaller than the Blade Worm Queen, it was much more agile. Moreover, the lava cave was originally its space to move around. The Fire Scorpion Lion had the advantage of location.
The two giant beasts started fighting, causing the cave to change rapidly.
Rocks kept falling from the ceiling of the cave, and the sputtering lava kept spitting out Earth Core Fire.
"Bang bang!"
"Boom!"
The Fire Scorpion Lion pushed the Blade Worm Queen to the ground with extreme speed.
The Blade Worm Queen used its powerful hind legs to push the Fire Scorpion Lion more than ten feet away.
Then, the Blade Worm Queen rushed over and slashed at the Fire Scorpion Lion with its huge blade. The Fire Scorpion Lion dodged the blade and charged at the Blade Worm Queen with a howl. The Fire Scorpion Lion had underestimated the Blade Worm Queen's attack power. This kind of Blade Worm that turned to killing for survival had a fiercer nature than ordinary demon beasts.
"Puchi!"
The red blade pierced the Fire Scorpion Lion's abdomen, cutting open its heart and other organs. The Fire Scorpion Lion howled in pain after receiving such a heavy attack. At the same time, it raised its nimble scorpion tail and stabbed at the Blade Worm Queen's head.
"Pa!"
The Blade Worm Queen's head could not dodge in time and was instantly blown apart by the Fire Scorpion Lion's scorpion tail.
The headless Blade Worm Queen's body went limp and lost its strength. The blade trembled a few times and fell to the ground. The Fire Scorpion Lion's organs had been cut into pieces. It also howled in pain and died with its head tilted to the side.
Two giant beasts that made people pale at the mention of them actually died together in this cave …
… …
… …
Luo Zheng had thought that he was dead for sure.
Although Luo Zheng had been burned by Xie Lang's True Fire in the crafting furnace, not only was he unharmed, but his body was also strengthened to the point that it was comparable to a high-grade profound weapon.
However, compared to Xie Lang's Second Grade True Fire, this Earth Core Flame was many times more powerful.
After all, Xie Lang's strength was only at the Half-step Innate Realm. Strictly speaking, his True Fire was evolved from his True Qi, and not a True Fire that was activated by his True Essence.
As for the Earth Core Fire, it was much more powerful than the True Fire produced by the Innate Mystic Realm blacksmiths!
The moment Luo Zheng jumped into the lava, he felt an intense burning sensation. It was as if his body was about to be incinerated.
Luo Zheng had already experienced this kind of burning pain twice. The first time was in the cellar of the Luo family, and the other time was in Xie Lang's crafting furnace. This was the third time.
He was very clear that other than clenching his teeth and enduring it, he could only pray that he could withstand the power of the Earth Core Fire and not have his body incinerated.
Soon, the color of his skin began to change slowly. His entire body was like a piece of red-hot iron, emitting a dark red glow.
After his entire body was completely red, countless small golden pieces appeared on his body at the same time, and then began to rotate continuously.
As the rotation speed became faster and faster, the small golden pieces turned into golden whirlpools, and began to absorb the Earth Core Fire!
The Earth Core Fire around Luo Zheng was quickly pulled into the Earth Core Fire, and the surrounding Earth Core Fire was quickly absorbed by Luo Zheng. However, the whirlpools on Luo Zheng's body were obviously not satisfied. After absorbing the Earth Core Fire around him, they emitted a stronger attractive force, and pulled the Earth Core Fire from further away.
Wisps, streaks, and patches of Earth Core Fire were attracted by a strong attractive force, and crazily rushed into Luo Zheng's body.
The Earth Core Fire in the huge lava lake quickly gathered into Luo Zheng's body.
At this moment, if someone stood outside the lava lake, he would be able to see a shocking scene.
The center of the lava lake, which was still rolling unceasingly, gradually turned from red to black. Finally, the lava solidified into a black color, and this black color rapidly expanded. More and more lava stopped boiling, and solidified into grayish-black stones.
Finally, the entire lava lake was solidified.
Except for some places that emitted a faint dark red color, the originally bright cave became pitch-black at this moment.
After a long time, the center of the lava lake suddenly split open, and a hand stretched out from that crack. On that hand, there were pieces of golden foil emitting a golden light. Then, Luo Zheng's head forcibly broke the solidified lava, and his body climbed out of it.
At this moment, Luo Zheng's face revealed a faint smile, which was the smile of someone who had just escaped from a hopeless situation.
He didn't expect that he would be able to absorb all the Earth Core Fire by jumping into the lava lake when he had no way out. After being burned by the Earth Core Fire, his body's strength should have increased again!
He lowered his head and looked at his body, and noticed that there was a wave-like pattern on his chest.
Seeing that pattern, Luo Zheng's face revealed a trace of doubt.
He seemed to have seen this pattern somewhere before!
After thinking for a while, an idea suddenly flashed in his mind. He clapped his hands and said, "I remember, this is a spiritual pattern!"
Luo Zheng had seen this kind of pattern in the refining methods left by Xie Lang.
Weapons and magic treasures were divided into several categories: Xuan Weapons, Spiritual Qi, Immortal Weapons …
Except for Xuan Weapons, which didn't have unique patterns, Spiritual Qi, Immortal Weapons, and Divine Weapons would all produce special patterns after they were refined successfully.
For example, Spiritual Qi would produce spiritual patterns on magic treasures, and Immortal Weapons would produce immortal patterns on magic treasures.
Since there was a spiritual pattern here, it meant that his body should have crossed a new stage. He had upgraded from Xuan Weapon Body to Spiritual Qi Body!
Luo Zheng was very clear about the difference between Xuan Weapons and Spiritual Qi. During the Trial by Blood, Fang Yushu had used a Spiritual Qi Body. That Space Splitting Blade had caused a terrifying amount of damage to Luo Zheng. If it wasn't for his body that was comparable to a High Grade Xuan Weapon, he would have been defeated by Fang Yushu.
After upgrading to Spiritual Qi Body, Luo Zheng's strength would naturally have a qualitative leap. No matter if it was the ability to resist or the quality of his body, they would all be greatly improved.
And the most important point was …
"The biggest difference between Spiritual Qi Body and Xuan Weapon isn't the toughness and sharpness of the weapon. Instead, it's because the majority of Spiritual Qi Bodies have special 'Spiritual Qi Body', just like the Space Splitting Blade in Fang Yushu's hand. It can casually pull out powerful energy threads!" Luo Zheng murmured.
"Then now that my body has become a Spiritual Qi Body, I wonder what kind of 'Spiritual Qi Body' I have?" Thinking of this, Luo Zheng's heart became more and more heated.
How do I activate this Spiritual Qi Body?
Standing on the surface of the magma lake that had already solidified, Luo Zheng stretched out his hand and punched out with a "hey" sound. He then rushed out two steps and kicked out. He then turned around and did a roundhouse kick.
"…"
After experimenting for a while, Luo Zheng rubbed his head and laughed foolishly. His actions were indeed a bit idiotic.
Not to mention whether he really had the 'Spiritual Qi Body', even if he did, he wouldn't be able to test it out like this.
After stopping this boring action, the densely packed gold foil on Luo Zheng's body slowly disappeared into his body. The entire cave once again fell into darkness.
Luo Zheng took out a match from his sumeru ring and lit it up with a "shua" sound, illuminating the cave once again.
At this moment, his gaze fell on the two corpses of the Blade Insect Queen and the Fire Scorpion Lion.
The moment he jumped into the magma lake, Luo Zheng also wondered if these two behemoths would fight.
Now it seemed that he had worried too much. These barbaric creatures were even more ferocious than he had imagined. Seeing the tragic deaths of the Blade Insect Queen and the Fire Scorpion Lion, Luo Zheng couldn't help but shake his head.
He raised the match and prepared to leave. Just as he took two steps, he suddenly patted his head. He wondered if he had been burned silly by the Earth Core Fire.
The crystal cores of twenty ordinary Blade Insects could be exchanged for one point. The crystal core of a Blade Insect Leader could be exchanged for one point. Then how many points could the crystal core of a Blade Insect Queen be exchanged for?
Leaving the crystal core of a Blade Insect Queen here was truly a waste of resources!
Luo Zheng's heart thumped. He quickly walked to the Blade Insect Queen's chest, took out a broken throwing knife from his sumeru ring, and cut open the Blade Insect Queen's chest.
"Ding ding dang!"
A fist-sized purple crystal core fell to the ground.
"The crystal core of a Blade Insect Leader is only the size of a walnut. This Blade Insect Queen's crystal core is actually the size of a fist!"
Luo Zheng didn't say anything and stuffed the purple crystal core into his sumeru ring.
After dealing with this, Luo Zheng's gaze fell on the corpse of the Fire Scorpion Lion.
The Fire Scorpion Lion's crystal core couldn't be exchanged for points. Luo Zheng didn't know this, but he knew how rare a Fire Scorpion Crystal Core was. This Fire Scorpion Crystal Core was a treasure in the eyes of alchemists and refiners.
Without thinking too much, Luo Zheng chopped at the Fire Scorpion Lion again and dug out the Fire Scorpion Crystal Core.
Every part of a Demon Beast was a treasure. The reason why humans could become stronger than these Demon Beasts was because they were good at using these treasures. Luo Zheng also didn't let go of the Fire Scorpion Lion's scorpion tail. He also used the broken throwing knife to cut it off.
On the other hand, although Luo Zheng was a bit jealous of the Blade Insect Queen's huge blade, he could only give it up since he couldn't put it in his sumeru ring. These Blade Insects' sense of smell was far more sensitive than that of humans. If he carried the Blade Insect Queen's huge blade out, it might attract other Blade Insects.
After dealing with these spoils of war, Luo Zheng followed the original path and walked towards the top of the cave.
This cave was too strange. There were even terrifying Demon Beasts like the Fire Scorpion Lion. Who knew what other terrifying things existed below this cave?
With Luo Zheng's strength, he was actually able to gain a great advantage over the Blade Insect Queen and the Fire Scorpion Lion. Luck played a large role in this. If it weren't for the lava lake here, and if it weren't for Luo Zheng's special physique that allowed him to bathe in fire and not die, he definitely wouldn't have had the slightest chance of surviving.
Just now, he had rushed all the way down. Luo Zheng didn't have time to identify the path. Fortunately, he was always on the right track.
After taking a few wrong turns and encountering some third rank Demon Beasts, Luo Zheng spent a few hours and finally walked out of the cave.
At this moment, the sky outside was pitch black. Above the canopy of the sky, the stars were shining brightly. It was already late at night.
Luo Zheng carefully sneaked through the jungle. He crossed the canyon he came from and ran along the path he came from during the day towards the Dragon Castle.
Fortunately, Blade Insects were nocturnal Demon Beasts. Generally, they wouldn't come out at night unless there were special circumstances. The other Demon Beasts in the jungle were also driven away by the insect tide. Luo Zheng actually didn't encounter any along the way.
After a long time, the Dragon Castle finally appeared in front of Luo Zheng's eyes.
After returning to the Dragon Castle, Luo Zheng went straight to Lu Xiao's residence.
Lu Xiao and the soldiers of Qinglan Squad lived in the barracks. When Luo Zheng arrived at the barracks of Qinglan Squad, he saw two soldiers guarding the entrance of the barracks.
When the two soldiers saw Luo Zheng, they raised the spears in their hands and shouted, "This is an important place in the barracks. Sorry for not receiving guests so late at night. Quickly leave!"
＝＝＝＝＝

Chapter 56
"I'm Luo Zheng. I'm looking for Lu Xiao," Luo Zheng said loudly as he walked closer.
With the help of the firelight, the two soldiers could clearly see that it was Luo Zheng. Their eyes were filled with surprise, and their tone immediately softened. There was gratitude in their voices as they said, "So it's Brother Luo Zheng!"
These two soldiers were also members of the Qinglan Squad. Or rather, they were the survivors of the Qinglan Squad!
Because Lu Xiao himself was very steady and never radical, and the battle formations he designed were very reasonable, very few soldiers were sacrificed under Lu Xiao's leadership.
However, in today's battle, the Qinglan Squad had lost dozens of their brothers. This was undoubtedly a huge blow to them.
The surviving soldiers knew very well that if Luo Zheng hadn't lured the Blade Bug Queen away, none of them would have survived today.
Even if Lu Xiao lured the Blade Bug Queen away, the Blade Bug Queen would have been able to quickly catch up with the rest of the Qinglan Squad after killing Lu Xiao.
Luo Zheng had used his own life in exchange for theirs. This meant that Luo Zheng was their savior, their benefactor!
How could these soldiers not be grateful?
And Luo Zheng, who they thought was dead for sure, had actually returned unscathed. How could they not be surprised?
They all knew that although Luo Zheng was a disciple of the Blue Cloud Sect, he was only in the Marrow Refining Realm. Although Luo Zheng's strength was astonishing and far stronger than ordinary Marrow Refining Realm cultivators, he was still only in the Marrow Refining Realm. They didn't know what method he used to escape from the Blade Bug Queen.
"Brother Luo Zheng, our captain is not in the camp," one of the soldiers said.
Luo Zheng asked doubtfully, "He didn't return to the Dragon Castle?"
"He came back, but …" the soldier said hesitantly.
Seeing the soldier's expression, Luo Zheng asked doubtfully, "But what? What happened? "
"Brother Luo Zheng, our captain has been … captured," the soldier said with his head lowered.
Luo Zheng raised his eyebrows and said in a low voice, "Captured? Why? "
"Yesterday, our marching route was changed by someone. Someone must have wanted to harm our Qinglan squad, so they transferred us to that dangerous route." The soldier's expression suddenly became unusually sorrowful and indignant. "Because of that incident, Captain Lu Xiao went to the higher-ups to reason with them and offended his immediate superior. That's why he was arrested. I'm afraid he'll be dealt with according to military law now …"
How could this be? After hearing the soldier's words, Luo Zheng's heart was filled with anger.
Arbitrarily changing the route of the army led the Green Mist Group into a desperate situation, almost causing the entire Green Mist Group to be annihilated. Even Luo Zheng, Meng Changjun, and the other Blue Cloud Sect disciples almost suffered an unexpected calamity. Yang Tai was even killed by the Blade Insect Queen with a single slash!
It would be strange if Luo Zheng wasn't angry!
Although Luo Zheng and Lu Xiao had only known each other for a short period of time, he admired this centurion very much. Moreover, it was Lu Xiao who had stepped forward to lead the Blade Bug Queen away in order to save everyone's lives. He didn't expect Lu Xiao to survive the Blade Bug Queen's attack and be dealt with by his own people …
"Brother Luo Zheng, do you know anyone? Can you help our Captain Lu Xiao to plead for mercy?"
"Captain Lu Xiao didn't do anything wrong, but now he has to be punished. This is too unfair!"
Two soldiers suddenly begged Luo Zheng. Although these soldiers were the most ordinary soldiers in the Imperial Army, they had followed Captain Lu Xiao for so long that they were all loyal and righteous. Under the light of the fire, their eyes were actually glistening with tears.
"Don't worry, I'll definitely ask for an explanation for this matter!" Luo Zheng gritted his teeth and said coldly. Although Luo Zheng was just a small figure in the Blue Cloud Sect, he didn't believe that there was no place for him to seek justice in this military camp.
After leaving the Qinglan Squad's military camp, Luo Zheng quickly walked back to his residence. When he pushed the door open, he saw Meng Changjun and Zhao Xuyong packing their luggage.
Zhao Xuyong originally had a big mouth. When he saw Luo Zheng, his mouth opened so wide that it could swallow a basin. He stammered, "Brother … Brother Luo Zheng, you're not a ghost, are you?"
Even Meng Changjun, who had always been as calm as the clouds, was moved. His eyes were full of shock.
"Brother Luo Zheng, did you get rid of the Blade Bug Queen? Did an expert save you? " Meng Changjun's mind was spinning fast. With Luo Zheng's strength, it was impossible for him to survive in front of the Blade Bug Queen. Unless Luo Zheng had lured the Blade Bug Queen away and encountered a powerful person.
There were many powerful generals in the Imperial Army stationed in the Dragon Castle. It was not impossible for them to occasionally bump into each other.
Meng Changjun believed that his guess was the most reasonable explanation.
Luo Zheng ignored their words. Instead, he looked at them and said, "Are you two planning to leave?"
Zhao Xuyong smiled and said, "I'm planning to withdraw from this mission."
Meng Changjun shrugged noncommittally and said, "I'm not here for the points. Naturally, it doesn't matter."
"What about Lu Xiao? Yesterday, in order to save us, he risked his life to lure the Blade Bug Queen away. Do you know his current situation? "Luo Zheng questioned.
When Zhao Xuyong heard Luo Zheng's words, he said awkwardly, "Brother Luo Zheng, you can't blame me for this. The waters in the Dragon Castle are very deep. I'm just an outer disciple of the Blue Cloud Sect. What right do I have to intervene in this matter?"
Meng Changjun's face showed displeasure. Although it was true that Lu Xiao had risked his life to lure away the Blade Bug Queen yesterday, Lu Xiao had done it more to save his Qinglan team. Moreover, the reason why Meng Changjun was so calm throughout the entire process was because he did not need anyone to save him.
He was indeed no match for the Blade Bug Queen in the Xiantian Secret Realm.
However, with the magic treasure given to him by his family, it was not difficult to escape from the Blade Bug Queen.
In fact, Meng Changjun had a way to intervene in Lu Xiao's punishment. Wanting to bail out a centurion was just a matter of a few words for Meng Changjun. In fact, Meng Changjun had already planned to do so, but he found that there were some problems involved in the investigation, so he wanted to avoid it.
Therefore, Luo Zheng's words seemed to be accusing Meng Changjun of being a coward. This made the arrogant Meng Changjun unhappy. "Brother Luo Zheng, I won't intervene in Lu Xiao's matter. I also advise you not to intervene. The person behind this matter is not someone you can afford to offend."
"I can't afford to offend? Who is it that I can't afford to offend? Meng Changjun, can you tell me? "Luo Zheng sneered.
"Divine Fortune Teller Zhuge," Meng Changjun said.
Meng Changjun originally thought that Luo Zheng would be greatly apprehensive when he spat out these words. The reputation of the Seven Great Families resounded throughout the entire empire. No matter which family it was, they were all colossi to the grassroots. Luo Zheng simply had no room to resist such colossi.
However, Meng Changjun did not see the expression on Luo Zheng's face.
Luo Zheng suddenly laughed wildly. "Family Zhuge again? Hahaha, I see. I understand now! "
"Brother Luo Zheng, what do you understand?" Meng Changjun asked curiously.
Luo Zheng naturally understood a lot. It turned out that no one wanted to harm the Qinglan Squad at all. The Family Zhuge people must have come for him. They just wanted to use the Qinglan Squad to lead him into a desperate situation. However, they did not expect him to escape death!
It was a pity that Yang Tai and many soldiers of the Qinglan Squad were killed.
Luo Zheng did not answer Meng Changjun's question. Instead, he sneered. "Meng Changjun, are you afraid of that Family Zhuge?"
"Family Zhuge? Afraid? " Meng Changjun's handsome face suddenly flushed red. He was introverted by nature, but at this moment, he said arrogantly, "Although the Divine Fortune Teller Family Zhuge is very powerful, my Forgotten Creek Meng Family is not necessarily afraid."
The Forgotten Creek Meng Family was one of the Seven Great Families like the Divine Fortune Teller Family Zhuge. Whether it was strength or background, they were not inferior to the Divine Fortune Teller Family!
In fact, when everyone first heard Meng Changjun's name and saw his bearing and clothes, they all understood that he was a member of the Forgotten Creek Meng Family. However, everyone was here to hunt for Blade Insects, so they were too lazy to point it out.
"If that's the case, why did you avoid it?" Luo Zheng asked again.
"I won't cause trouble for the Family Zhuge for this kind of thing. Moreover, this matter was instigated by the three madmen of the Family Zhuge." Meng Changjun's expression returned to normal. The children of the great aristocratic families were naturally very sensitive to weighing the pros and cons.
It was not impossible to help Lu Xiao, but offending the Family Zhuge for this kind of thing was not worth it.
Moreover, Luo Zheng's provocation was too obvious. How could Meng Changjun not understand?
Helpless, Luo Zheng laughed a few more times. "Meng Changjun, help me this time. I will remember this face of the Meng Family!"
Meng Changjun saw this and shook his head. "Brother Luo Zheng, your strength is very strong and your talent is very high, but your face is not worth that much."
In all fairness, Meng Changjun did have the intention to befriend Luo Zheng. An enchanting person like Luo Zheng was not common even in the Blue Cloud Sect. His future was limitless. However, Meng Changjun still did not agree. It was all because of weighing the pros and cons.
To offend the three madmen for Luo Zheng was a loss.
If Luo Zheng was now a peerless expert, Meng Changjun would most likely have accepted his face. Unfortunately, he was not.
Luo Zheng was admittedly a genius, admittedly enchanting. But no matter how enchanting a genius was, offending the seven great families would only result in death.
At this moment, Luo Zheng suddenly took out the Saber Insect Queen's monster beast core from his spatial ring. He waved it in front of Meng Changjun and Zhao Xuyong and said, "Meng Changjun, I barely escaped death yesterday. I was not saved by some great master. This Saber Insect Queen also died because of me. Those three madmen from the Family Zhuge have already targeted me time and time again. I, Luo Zheng, am very tenacious. I won't die for a while! In the future, I will definitely rise! I believe that your Meng Family will have a use for me one day! "
The fist-sized monster beast core in Luo Zheng's hand exuded a brilliant radiance, setting off Luo Zheng's young and domineering face!
Luo Zheng's words were domineering and confident.
But what shocked Meng Changjun even more was the Saber Insect Queen's monster beast core in Luo Zheng's hand.

Chapter 57
What Luo Zheng had done had greatly exceeded Meng Changjun's understanding. A Marrow Refining Stage cultivator … … not only had he escaped from the Blade Bug Queen, but he had also taken care of the Blade Bug Queen and safely brought back the Demon Core of the Blade Bug Queen.
Meng Changjun pursed his lips, and the ponytail behind his head swayed twice. He suddenly chuckled and said, "Your big words, empty words, are really nice to hear, but … … I like it! Since Brother Luo Zheng has such heroic spirit, I'll follow you into this muddy water! "
Hearing Meng Changjun's words, Luo Zheng's face revealed a gratified smile.
None of the Seven Major Noble Families were easy to provoke. Since Meng Changjun had agreed to help, this matter would definitely be much easier to resolve.
"However, Brother Luo Zheng, what did you mean when you said that the Three Madmen had targeted you time and time again?" Meng Changjun suddenly asked.
"That's a long story. The grudge between me and the Family Zhuge started when I participated in the Blue Cloud Sect's Trial of Blood." Luo Zheng then recounted how he had kicked Zhuge Hong out of the Trial of Blood, as well as how he had violently beaten up Steward Zhu of the Three Madmen's Family at the Xiao Yufeng … …
When Zhao Xuyong saw that Meng Changjun had dared to interfere in this matter, he didn't leave. Although he knew that he wouldn't be of much help if he stayed, everyone had their own considerations. No matter what, even Meng Changjun had given him face, so it wouldn't be a bad thing to have a good relationship with someone like Luo Zheng!
The three of them rested for a night. Early the next morning, they went straight to the center of the Dragon Castle.
Within the Dragon Castle, there were several thousand small military camps scattered around, and the main camp was located in the center.
At the entrance of the main camp, there were two rows of soldiers standing orderly, holding long spears in their hands and looking solemn.
When Luo Zheng and the other two walked to the entrance, a soldier stood in the middle and said sternly, "Unrelated people are not allowed to stay here!"
Meng Changjun took two steps forward and said indifferently, "I'm looking for Gou Hantian."
"Sir Gou?" The soldier's expression changed when he heard Luo Zheng's words.
Someone who dared to call out Gou Hantian's name was definitely not an ordinary person. Moreover, the person in front of him said the name "Gou Hantian" with such indifference, as if Gou Hantian was just a servant of his family!
The tone of this soldier immediately became much more courteous. He even tossed his spear to the soldier beside him and clasped his hands towards Meng Changjun and the other two, saying, "Lord Gou is currently in the main camp. I will report for you. May I ask who you are?"
"Just say that Lord Changjun requests an audience," Meng Changjun said lightly.
When the soldier heard this, he ran into the main camp.
The three of them waited here for a while. When the soldier came out again, the smile on his face was even wider, and his attitude was even more polite.
This was because when this soldier reported to Gou Hantian, Gou Hantian, who had always had a cold attitude, heard the two words "Lord Chang" and became very enthusiastic. He quickly said, "Quickly invite him in."
This soldier wasn't blind. The young master outside was definitely a great figure!
"The three of you, follow me. Lord Gou is waiting for you in the main camp!"
Under the lead of this soldier, the three of them entered the main camp and soon saw the "Gou Hantian" that Meng Changjun had mentioned.
When Gou Hantian saw Meng Changjun, a smile immediately appeared on his face, "Young Master Changjun, you came to the Dragon Castle without telling me. Otherwise, I would have made preparations and treated you well!"
However, Meng Changjun said very coldly, "This Dragon Castle is located in the south. It's barren. Other than rich in knife insects, what else is there? What are you going to treat me with? "
Gou Hantian's hot face was pressed against the cold butt, but his face still had a bright smile, "That's not necessarily the case. The south also has its own characteristics. Young Master Changjun, you can't generalize …"
"Forget it, I have something to talk to you about. Don't talk about this." Meng Changjun was not willing to give him face, "You have a person called Lu Xiao here, right?"
Gou Hantian's expression suddenly became serious and he nodded, "The captain of the Qinglan Squad. Young Master Changjun is here for him?"
Meng Changjun nodded and ordered, "Let him go."
Hearing Meng Changjun's words, the courteous Gou Hantian revealed a look of hesitation. "I, Old Gou, have no choice but to listen to Young Lord Changjun's words. But don't blame me for speaking out of turn. Lu Xiao was originally a small matter, but …"
"I know." Even without Gou Hantian saying it, Meng Changjun already knew what he wanted to say.
"That divine fortune teller Zhuge …" Gou Hantian was not at ease and had to finish his words.
Meng Changjun's expression turned cold, "Gou Hantian, didn't I already say that I know very well?"
At this point, Gou Hantian nodded and said, "Since Young Master insists, then I, Old Gou, have nothing to worry about. Follow me!"
Then, Gou Hantian led the three of them out of the main camp.
In a courtyard deep in the main camp, the four of them were sitting beside a bluestone table. On the bluestone table, there were fruits, wine, meat and other food.
The Imperial Army did not prohibit alcohol, but the premise was that they could not drink in the camp. If they were caught drinking in the camp, they would be punished according to the military law!
However, the four of them seemed to have no regard for military law. They were eating meat and drinking wine without any restraint.
"Big Brother He, let me toast you. If it weren't for you, we wouldn't have been able to get rid of that kid so easily!" Cao Lei raised his wine cup and respectfully clinked it, then drank it in one gulp.
He Tiancheng tilted his mouth and poured the wine in the cup into his mouth. He said carelessly, "It's just a small matter. It's nothing. Besides, it was Third Young Master who asked me to do it."
"That's easy? We've already stayed in this godforsaken place for two or three days, and we still have to wait and see! "Black Demon of the Black White Double Demons said impatiently as he poured a pot of wine into his mouth.
White Demon also said, "That's right. It would have been better if I had slapped him to death. It would have saved us a few days of time!"
"Black and White Brothers, what you said is wrong. After all, this is the territory of the Dragon Castle. The disciples of the Blue Cloud Sect died here for no reason. The Dragon Castle will not sit idly by." He Tiancheng said, "Although we can't see Luo Zheng's body, since he was chased by the Blade Bug Queen, he must be dead …"
Cao Lei nodded, "Although that kid's life is tough, it's impossible for him to escape from the Blade Bug Queen. We just need to wait and we can go back and report to Third Young Master. Drink, drink!"
At this moment, Luo Zheng and the other three people walked in.
Gou Hantian walked in front with a smile on his face. He sniffed and said, "Old He, you're in such a good mood in broad daylight. This wine is quite fragrant!"
He Tiancheng saw Gou Hantian and frowned, "Old Gou, what are you doing here?" He knew very well that if Gou Hantian had nothing to do, he would not come here. Since he came here, there must be something!
At this moment, Cao Lei caught a glimpse of Luo Zheng and his eyes widened, "Luo Zheng! You, you, you're not dead! "
He Tiancheng and the Double Ghosts of Black and White had never seen Luo Zheng before. Hearing Cao Lei's words, their attention was focused on Luo Zheng.
At this moment, like Cao Lei, a big earthquake was set off in their hearts.
According to the tip-off, Luo Zheng was being chased by the Blade Bug Queen. It was absolutely impossible for him to survive.
The few of them were just discussing this matter a moment ago!
But in the blink of an eye, this kid actually appeared in front of them alive.
This kind of shock was difficult to express in words.
"I was wondering who it was. It turned out to be you. Very good!" Luo Zheng found that the mastermind of this matter was Cao Lei, who was also from the Xiao Yufeng. Luo Zheng suppressed his anger and sneered.
"So what if it's me?" Cao Lei snorted, "Although I don't know why you're not dead, this ends here. If the Third Young Master wants you to die in the Dragon Castle, you must die here! I advise you to obediently end your own life here so that we don't have to do anything … "
"Enough, I'm not here to watch you quarrel." Gou Hantian interrupted their conversation. He could not be bothered with the disputes of these juniors. If it were not for Meng Changjun, he would not have gotten involved in this matter. "Where's Lu Xiao? Let him go. "
"Old Gou, I don't think you can let Lu Xiao go." He Tiancheng shook his head.
"Why?" Gou Hantian asked.
"If I let Lu Xiao go, he will cause trouble again and cause trouble for me. Do you think I will make things difficult for myself?" In the Di Army, He Tiancheng and Gou Hantian were at the same level. Therefore, He Tiancheng did not buy Gou Hantian's words at this moment.
"If you don't let him go, you will be in even bigger trouble!" Gou Hantian reminded him.
"Haha," He Tiancheng said mockingly, "I'll be in even bigger trouble? Do you know who I'm working for? "
"Of course I know. Isn't it just Family Zhuge?" Luo Zheng sneered.
"Since you know, you should hurry up and leave. Don't provoke people you can't afford to provoke. Otherwise, it will bring you a lot of trouble!" He Tian Cheng didn't know the background of the people behind Gou Hantian. He was still giving face to Gou Hantian and was suppressing his anger at this moment. Otherwise, with his usual temperament, he would have already been enraged by these juniors.
The Black White Double Demons also stood up. Black smoke circulated around White Demon's body, while white light surrounded Black Demon's body. The cultivation methods of these two people were also white and black. Yin and Yang complemented each other and were very unique. The two of them looked like they were going to fight directly.
"You mean, you're not going to let Lu Xiao go?" Luo Zheng asked again.
"I said, I'm not going to let him go! Kid, do you know who you're talking to? " After saying that, He Tiancheng glared fiercely at Luo Zheng. A gloomy and cold aura suddenly erupted from He Tiancheng's mind and swept towards Luo Zheng.
Seeing this scene, Gou Hantian immediately warned, "Be careful!" However, the gloomy and cold aura released by He Tiancheng was extremely fast. In the blink of an eye, it rushed towards Luo Zheng. Gou Hantian wanted to stop it, but it was too late.
"Is this the Extreme Cold Intent?"
Luo Zheng did not expect that the officer in front of him could actually cultivate "intent".
If it was anyone else, their soul would have been frozen on the spot after being attacked by the Extreme Cold Intent.
However, in the face of He Tiancheng's Extreme Cold Intent, Luo Zheng sneered. He was not afraid at all. He stood upright on the spot and allowed the Extreme Cold Intent to attack him!
Even the Xingtian Intent in the Heavenly Sutra Pavilion could not cause any harm to Luo Zheng. In Luo Zheng's eyes, the Extreme Cold Intent released by He Tiancheng was just a small trick that could not be used in public.
He Tiancheng was puzzled when he realized that his Extreme Cold Intent did not cause any harm to Luo Zheng's soul.
At this moment, Luo Zheng snorted coldly. A gray and translucent spike condensed in his mind.
"Soul-Scaring Spike!"
The moment the Soul-Scaring Spike was condensed, it pierced towards He Tiancheng's head.
The two of them exchanged blows very quickly. Before anyone could react, they heard Luo Zheng's snort. Then, He Tiancheng hugged his head, squatted on the ground, and let out a series of blood-curdling screams.

Chapter 58
The scene in the small courtyard was extremely strange.
The Xiantian secret realm was divided into ten levels and the gap between each level was huge.
For example, Meng Changjun and the Twin Ghosts of Black and White had just stepped into the Xiantian secret realm and were at Xiantian Realm Stage One.
Xiantian experts were able to condense their inner Yuan and use it as a weapon to kill people without them noticing.
As for He Tiancheng and Gou Hantian, they were the cream of the crop in the Imperial Army and had already reached Xiantian Realm Stage Four. Experts who had reached this level were very skilled and experienced in controlling their inner Yuan.
He Tiancheng's strength was much stronger than Meng Changjun and the Twin Ghosts of Black and White.
Moreover, he had also comprehended "Intent". His Intent of Extreme Cold could silently cause frostbite to the opponent's soul!
Gou Hantian's mouth trembled. He was willing to help because he wanted to give Meng Changjun some face. Otherwise, he wouldn't have offended He Tiancheng. His strength was on par with He Tiancheng, but He Tiancheng had comprehended 'frost intent'. In a battle with He Tiancheng, he had to be wary of his' intent '. He was a very troublesome opponent.
But what happened just now?
If he wasn't wrong, the junior that Meng Changjun brought wasn't even at the Half-step Xiantian Realm. A little fellow at the Marrow Refining Realm couldn't even release his inner Yuan, not to mention his inner Yuan …
Such a little fellow actually berated He Tiancheng. What was' displaying one's slight skill in front of an expert '? What was' asking for humiliation '?
Moreover, this little fellow didn't just say it out of impulse. He really did it!
Gou Hantian saw it with his own eyes. He Tiancheng's extreme frost intent didn't cause any trouble to Luo Zheng. Instead, Luo Zheng's cold snort made He Tiancheng hold his head and cry out in pain!
How did he do it?
Gou Hantian felt that his brain wasn't enough.
Cao Lei's mouth was so wide open that it could fit a large wok. Although He Tiancheng had never displayed his strength in front of them, he could feel that He Tiancheng's strength was astonishing from the faint pressure he emitted during their normal interactions. He was definitely much stronger than the Black White Double Ghosts.
If it wasn't for Third Young Master Zhuge, people like He Tiancheng wasn't someone they could associate with.
But just now …
Luo Zheng's cold snort was enough to cause He Tiancheng so much pain. What was going on?
Compared to other people, Cao Lei was more clear about Luo Zheng's background. He was a guy who was born in the grassroots and had just joined Xiao Yufeng for a few days. He had once defeated Yang Lie from Xiao Yufeng with a little bit of luck.
It was precisely because he knew Luo Zheng's background that he felt even more shocked at this moment!
Within Meng Changjun's eyes, a flame rose.
Meng Changjun had always felt that he had a unique vision and was very accurate in judging people. He felt that he had a clear understanding of Luo Zheng's strength. Although Luo Zheng was only at the Refining Marrow level, but even if he was at the Xiantian first stage, he would still have the strength to fight.
This evaluation was already quite high.
Meng Changjun believed in his own judgment, but if he told others, they would definitely not believe him.
But at this moment, Meng Changjun realized that he had underestimated Luo Zheng.
How many secrets does this Luo Zheng have? How many trump cards does he have?
This was naturally a mystery. No one would expose all of their trump cards to the other, unless it was a close relative. Of course, Meng Changjun would not ask.
However, it seemed that his decision to help Luo Zheng was very correct.
Perhaps in the near future, the Meng family of Wang Chuan would really need this abnormal guy!
He Tiancheng felt that his head was about to split open. Just now, he felt a sharp thorn ruthlessly piercing a hole in his soul. This kind of soul level pain was difficult to describe with words.
Fortunately, the soul was originally a special form. After a hole was pierced in the soul, it would slowly repair itself. It was just that his head felt as if it had split open, causing him great pain.
What made him even more painful was that in front of so many people, he had actually been tricked by a Refining Marrow level junior!
When Gou Hantian saw this scene, he was afraid that he would wantonly spread it throughout the barracks! Today, he had lost all of his face.
This brat, he must kill him!
He Tiancheng slowly stood up from the ground. His entire body was surging with True Essence. The temperature of the entire small courtyard suddenly dropped by dozens of degrees. It was clearly a hot summer day, but at this moment, it made people feel gloomy and cold!
"Brat, even if you want to die, you should use a simpler method. You will definitely regret provoking me, because I will make you die very unhappy!" He Tiancheng said slowly. That enormous aura was like an avalanche as it pressed down on Luo Zheng.
Facing He Tiancheng, Luo Zheng's body immediately tensed up. That aura was like a huge iceberg. If it fell down, it could crush him into pieces. This brat's strength was too strong. He was definitely not an ordinary Xiantian expert!
"Gou Hantian?" At this moment, Meng Changjun gave a meaningful glance.
How could Gou Hantian not understand the young master's meaning? He took a step forward and blocked in front of Luo Zheng. He said in a low voice, "Old He, you are so calculative with a junior. Do you have any shame?"
"Old Gou, get out of my way. I will definitely take this brat's life!" If it was under normal circumstances, He Tiancheng might still have some misgivings about Gou Hantian. But now, he was on the verge of exploding with rage. He only wanted to tear Luo Zheng into two pieces.
"Old He, do you really think that you can act recklessly just because you have the protection of Old Third from the Family Zhuge?" Gou Hantian's face sank. It seemed that He Tiancheng did not want to give him any face today.
"So what? Do you want to fight with me? " He Tiancheng clenched his fist. White frost condensed around his hand, emitting a dense chill. That was He Tiancheng's True Essence.
"Do you think I am afraid of you?" Gou Hantian did not relent when facing the furious He Tiancheng.
Seeing that the two were about to fight, Meng Changjun, who was at the side, became impatient.
"I am not in the mood to watch the two of you fight. I only want you to let Lu Xiao go. Gou Hantian, if you can't handle it, I will go find my uncle, "Meng Changjun said with a face full of displeasure. He originally thought that this matter could be handled by Gou Hantian. He did not expect that the other party would be so shameless. Then, don't blame him.
Hearing that Meng Changjun was going to find his uncle, Gou Hantian's face suddenly changed. If Meng Changjun really went to find his uncle, this matter would be blown out of proportion. This was something that Gou Hantian did not want to see. He quickly said, "Young Master, there is no need to disturb him for such a small matter."
Meng Changjun shrugged and pointed at the current situation, "The other party does not want to let him go. Do you have a way?"
Gou Hantian turned his head and said to He Tiancheng, "Did you hear that? My Young Master said that if you don't let him go, he will go find General Fei Long. At that time, I am afraid that you will not be able to bear the consequences!"
General Fei Long was one of the two deputy commanders in the Dragon Castle. He was the most famous general in the Imperial Army. His strength was unfathomable. He was known as the stabilizing force of the Dragon Castle!
"He … knows General Fei Long?" He Tiancheng revealed a fearful expression, but at the same time, he was somewhat suspicious.
If the other party could really bring out General Fei Long, He Tiancheng would naturally let him go without saying anything. However, He Tiancheng was also someone who had climbed out of a mountain of swords and a sea of flames. He should not be frightened by a single sentence.
"Whether I know him or not, won't you know once you try?" Meng Changjun said indifferently. Facing He Tiancheng who was much stronger than him, he was even more indifferent than Luo Zheng. This was a kind of aura that only a person born in a superior position would have. Only a descendant of a landowning household would have this kind of aura.
"This is the young master of the Meng Family of Wang Chuan. As for whether he knows General Fei Long or not, you can consider it yourself!" Gou Hantian sneered.
Hearing the Meng Family of Wang Chuan, He Tiancheng finally understood. He had been wondering why this Gou Hantian had the guts to go against the Family Zhuge. It turned out that the Meng Family of Wang Chuan was behind him! Not only did they use their family to suppress him, they even brought out General Fei Long.
He Tiancheng was not a child. He knew how to judge the situation.
Although the Third Lunatic of the Family Zhuge was famous and was indeed a big backer, the Meng Family's master was right in front of him.
At this moment, he understood that there was no turning back. He glared fiercely at Luo Zheng, but he still looked somewhat unwilling.
Meng Changjun sneered and turned to leave.
Seeing this, He Tiancheng thought that if he and the Meng Family's young master really invited that great god, then he would be in trouble. He gritted his teeth and nodded. "Let him go! I will let Lu Xiao go! "
Meng Changjun turned his head with a face full of ridicule. "Very good. If you had done this earlier, why would you waste your breath?"
He Tiancheng did not utter a word. He just turned his head and ordered someone to bring Lu Xiao up.
Meng Changjun only said a few words and the domineering He Tiancheng was suppressed. Luo Zheng was also amazed. The descendants of landowning households were indeed powerful. They used their power to suppress others, making them unable to resist!
Luo Zheng himself did not have any power to borrow. He could only rely on his own strength and his fists.
But it did not matter. As long as he became stronger and climbed to the peak of martial arts, then he would have his own 'power'!
After He Tiancheng gave the order, Lu Xiao was brought up.
At this moment, Lu Xiao's body was full of scars. It looked like he had suffered a lot of whips. However, he was still in high spirits and had a calm expression. For a half-step Xiantian like him, these injuries were nothing.
When Lu Xiao saw Luo Zheng, he, like the others, revealed an expression as if he had seen a ghost!
"Brother, Luo Zheng, you are fine! You are still alive! "Lu Xiao said excitedly.
Brother Luo Zheng smiled faintly. "Brother Lu Xiao, I am fine."
"That's great, that's great …" Lu Xiao muttered. During the time that Lu Xiao was captured, the most painful thing for him was not the whipping, but his dead brothers and Luo Zheng, who had lured the Blade Bug Queen away for him. He had been blaming himself. If he had not been careless and had not noticed that something was wrong with the marching route, they would not have died.
What Lu Xiao did not expect was that Luo Zheng would appear in front of him. How could Lu Xiao not be surprised? How could he not be happy?
"Brother Luo Zheng, I already know that the instigator of this matter is that old man He Tiancheng!" Lu Xiao changed the topic. He pointed at He Tiancheng's nose and scolded, "He Tiancheng, I, Lu Xiao, have no enmity with you, but you changed the marching route without permission and trapped my brothers in the Qinglan Unit in a desperate situation. I, Lu Xiao, will find an explanation regardless of whether I am dead or alive!"
＝＝＝＝＝

Chapter 59
He Tiancheng was really depressed.
He already knew that Lu Xiao wouldn't let it go. Otherwise, Lu Xiao wouldn't have kicked up a fuss with him, and he wouldn't have locked Lu Xiao up.
Unfortunately, the young master of the Meng Family was helping him. For the sake of the third young master of the Family Zhuge, not only did he offend the young master of the Meng Family, but he also got himself into trouble.
However, it was too late for regrets now.
"Brother Lu Xiao, if there's anything, let's talk about it when we get back." Luo Zheng gave Lu Xiao a look and advised him.
Now that Lu Xiao had been rescued, other things needed to be discussed at length. Otherwise, it wouldn't be easy to force the other party to turn hostile.
Although Lu Xiao was stubborn, he was also clear about the situation. After hearing Luo Zheng's words, he glared at He Tiancheng and shut his mouth.
Then, Gou Hantian led everyone out of the small courtyard.
He Tiancheng stood in the small courtyard, upset. He glanced at Cao Lei, who was still there, and said angrily, "Didn't you say that Luo Zheng was just a nobody? Why does he have the support of the Meng Family?! "
If He Tiancheng had known about this earlier, he definitely wouldn't have bothered with this matter.
With He Tiancheng's bad temper, he really wanted to rush up and beat Cao Lei up now!
However, Cao Lei came to the Dragon Castle as a representative of the three young masters of the Zhuge Family. He didn't dare to offend Cao Lei too much because He Tiancheng had already offended the Meng Family of Wangchuan. If he didn't get on the good side of the third young master of the Zhuge Family, his situation would be even more difficult.
"This, this …" Cao Lei couldn't explain it. "That Luo Zheng is just a nobody. He doesn't have any backing in the Blue Cloud Sect. I also don't know how he got to know the people of the Meng Family …"
Cao Lei was also baffled. Why would the young master of the Meng Family help Luo Zheng?
He was very clear about the temperament of these nobles. If one wanted to mingle with them, one would either have to provide them with great benefits or become their dog. They would never treat one as a true friend!
However, this young master of the Meng Family was actually willing to stand up for Luo Zheng and protect him in all ways. What did this guy do to get on the Meng Family's good side? Cao Lei couldn't figure it out either.
Cao Lei, you idiot, you still want to ask someone else to do it. You want those blade insects to kill Luo Zheng. This time, they didn't kill that kid, and he came back alive. With your ability, the Third Young Master actually asked you to do something. What a joke! "Bai Sha complained.
"It's not too late now. As long as that brat leaves the Dragon Castle, we can kill him immediately," Hei Sha said sinisterly.
"You're right. Since we've already offended the Meng Family, then all the more reason for Luo Zheng to die. Otherwise, not only will we have to face the Meng Family, we'll also have to bear the wrath of the Third Young Master!" He Tiancheng said with a gloomy expression.
Cao Lei nodded, "In that case, do as Hei Sha said. When Luo Zheng walks out of the Dragon Castle, kill him completely."
Several people nodded at the same time, their eyes bursting with endless murderous intent.
They were very clear about the rules of dealing with the landowning households. If you were useful to the landowning households, then you would be able to obtain endless benefits from them. However, if you were useless, then you would be like a dog to the landowning households. Perhaps, the landowning households would personally slaughter you without the need for others to do anything.
… …
… …
After leaving the small courtyard, Gou Hantian sent Luo Zheng and the others out of the main camp. He warned, "You've offended He Tiancheng. In my opinion, they won't let it go. They'll definitely find an opportunity to make a move. I advise you to quickly leave the Dragon Castle and return to the Blue Cloud Sect."
Meng Changjun agreed with Gou Hantian's words, "Luo Zheng, since you've already obtained the crystal core of the Blade Insect Queen, you can exchange it for a lot of points. This trip has not been in vain. Can you go back now?"
"I'm just curious. How did you kill the Blade Insect Queen?" Before this, Gou Hantian had already heard the ins and outs of this matter. He knew that not only had Luo Zheng escaped from the Blade Bug Queen, but he had also obtained the Blade Bug Queen's crystal core. This matter was too strange.
With Gou Hantian's insight, he knew that Luo Zheng's strength was not ordinary. But even Gou Hantian himself was not a match for the Blade Insect Queen. He would rather die than believe that Luo Zheng could kill a Blade Insect Queen.
Faced with Gou Hantian's question, Luo Zheng smiled but did not say anything. Naturally, he would not answer. He could not tell him that the Blade Insect Queen was killed by the Fire Scorpion Lion. The crystal core of the Blade Insect Queen might not be worth their attention, but the crystal core of the Fire Scorpion Lion was not ordinary.
The crystal core of the Fire Scorpion was a top-grade material for refining pills. Even the seven major landowning households would not be able to remain calm in the face of the crystal core of the Fire Scorpion Lion. When they learned of the appearance of the Fire Scorpion Lion, they would definitely send people to hunt it down. If they found the corpses of the Fire Scorpion Lion and the Blade Insect Queen, they might speculate that the crystal core of the Fire Scorpion Lion was in Luo Zheng's hands. This was a huge hidden danger. Luo Zheng was not that stupid.
Thus, Luo Zheng changed the topic, "Meng Changjun, how many points can the crystal core of the Blade Insect Queen be exchanged for?"
Zhao Xuyong, who had been silent for a long time, coughed violently when he heard Luo Zheng suddenly ask such an idiotic question. "Cough, cough, Luo Zheng, you don't even know this?"
Luo Zheng shrugged, indicating that he really did not know. He had never thought that he would really have the crystal core of the Blade Insect Queen, so naturally he had not investigated it.
"A Blade Insect Queen's crystal core can be exchanged for a thousand points. It's a small sum." Meng Changjun smiled.
"Small sum …" Zhao Xuyong and Luo Zheng both suffered a huge blow when they heard this. A thousand points was basically equivalent to two thousand square crystals. In the entire Heaven Burning Empire, the number of families that possessed two thousand square crystals might not exceed fifty, and a large portion of them were landowning households …
However, in Meng Changjun's eyes, it was just a small sum of money. Luo Zheng and Zhao Xuyong couldn't help but sigh in admiration. Landowning households were all filthy rich after all.
"A thousand points is indeed quite a bit, but it's still not enough. I still need to stay here and earn more points." Luo Zheng looked forward and said.
Luo Zheng's initial goal was only a hundred points. He only needed to exchange for a ticket to enter Purgatory Mountain.
However, now, Luo Zheng changed his mind. He wanted to kill as many Blade Insects as he could to earn points.
Rescuing Luo Yan from Purgatory Mountain required over a million points. Meanwhile, what Luo Zheng accumulated right now was merely a thousandth of that amount.
Hunting Blade Insects, especially hunting Blade Insect Leaders, was a good opportunity for Luo Zheng to accumulate points. This insect tide normally only lasted two to three months. After this period, he could only wait until next year. That was why Luo Zheng did not want to waste this opportunity.
Meng Changjun and the others all gave Luo Zheng a look of shock. They didn't know what Luo Zheng needed so many points for. Exchange for pills? Exchange for secret manuals? Exchange for magical treasures and divine weapons? For the current Luo Zheng, a thousand points was already more than enough.
"So many points are still not enough? Then how many points are enough? "Zhao Xuyong asked in bewilderment.
Luo Zheng released a bitter laugh and said, "Probably over a million points."
When Zhao Xuyong heard this, he immediately coughed violently again.
Even Lu Xiao who knew very little about the Blue Cloud Sect was shocked by the million points. After all, Lu Xiao had come into contact with the Blue Cloud Sect's disciples before. He even knew that a Blade Insect Leader's crystal core could only be exchanged for a single point. This Luo Zheng actually wanted over a million points. This was equivalent to killing a million Blade Insect Leaders. This number … was too terrifying.
Only Meng Changjun was stunned. He began to think. What was Luo Zheng trying to do by needing over a million points?
A million points was equivalent to two million square crystals. Even for landowning households, this was a huge sum.
In the Blue Cloud Sect, the number of things that required over a million points could be counted on one's fingers.
Exchange for an immortal artifact?
That wasn't too likely. Luo Zheng couldn't display the power of an immortal artifact at his current stage, nor could he use an immortal artifact.
Walk the Blue Clouds Road once?
That was also impossible. Even though a million points could indeed make an exception and open the Blue Clouds Road once, with Luo Zheng's current strength, walking the Blue Clouds Road was completely courting death.
Fishing someone out of Purgatory Mountain?
Meng Changjun felt like his own deduction was already close to the truth.
There were quite a few people who were locked up in Purgatory Mountain during these two years, but most of them were locked up for three to five years.
A million points, that was also a thousand years …
Could it be her?
That almost monstrous girl was sentenced to face the wall in Purgatory Mountain for a thousand years. She was also surnamed Luo.
This Luo Zheng had the same surname as her. Their relationship was …
These million points were precisely to rescue her from Purgatory Mountain!
When he deduced up to this point, the result was already extremely clear. Meng Changjun was extremely confident in his own deduction.
Even though Meng Changjun didn't know her, as a core figure of the Meng Family, there was no way he wouldn't pay attention to the great matters that happened in the Blue Cloud Sect.
These siblings were both monstrous figures. Meng Changjun couldn't help but sigh. Only, it was a pity that she was born with humble roots, offending people everywhere. Otherwise, she wouldn't have been locked up in Purgatory Mountain.
This Luo Zheng's way of thinking was a bit too simple. Did he really think that just by accumulating a million points, he could rescue her from Purgatory Mountain?
The matters involved were far from that simple … If Luo Zheng really could accumulate a million points, if he really had the strength to bring Luo Yan out of Purgatory Mountain, then Forgotten River's Meng Family could also give him an appropriate push from behind.
However, strength was the prerequisite for everything. It all depended on whether or not Luo Zheng had this type of ability.
Thinking like this was one thing, Meng Changjun actually didn't realize that he still cared quite a bit about Luo Zheng. "Since you insist on staying behind to hunt the blade bugs, then you have to carefully deal with those people!"
"I will naturally pay attention to this. I still have to thank Meng Changjun for your help." Luo Zheng cupped his hands towards Meng Changjun and thanked him.
Meng Changjun carried a faint smile. He patted Luo Zheng's shoulder and said, "There is no need for thanks. The sooner you accumulate a million points, the sooner you can bring her out of Purgatory Mountain!"
When he heard Meng Changjun's words, Luo Zheng immediately stared blankly. He only said a million points, yet he was able to deduce his objective just from this bit of information!

Chapter 60
Smart people always stopped at a certain point in their conversation.
On the other hand, Zhao Xuyong was stunned. He didn't understand what Meng Changjun was talking about. He wanted to ask, but he realized that he couldn't get a word in, so he could only give up.
"When I return to the Blue Cloud Sect this time, I might need to cultivate in seclusion. If Brother Luo Zheng wants to find me, you can go directly to Wang You Peak," Meng Changjun said.
Wang You Peak was very powerful. It was ranked fourth among the 33 peaks of Qingyun Peak. Most of the disciples of the Meng family of Wangchuan were on this peak.
"So Meng Changjun is a disciple of Wang You Peak. When I return to the Blue Cloud Sect, I will definitely pay you a visit," Luo Zheng nodded.
Luo Zheng didn't have any intention of climbing up. He understood that if he wanted to establish himself in the world, it was useless to borrow other people's "influence." Under any circumstances, only one's own strength was the most reliable.
However, Meng Changjun was someone worthy of Luo Zheng's friendship.
After saying goodbye, Meng Changjun and Zhao Xuyong took the giant flying chariot back to the Blue Cloud Sect.
On the way back from the main camp, Lu Xiao didn't say anything.
Lu Xiao knew that Meng Changjun and Luo Zheng had put in a lot of effort to "fish" him out, and he was grateful for it.
However, when he thought of his dead brothers, how could he be in a good mood? As a centurion of the Emperor's army, Lu Xiao should be used to life and death situations. He had seen his own brothers die on the battlefield before, but he hadn't been so worried.
However, it was different this time. Those soldiers of the Qinglan Unit had died unjustly because of He Tiancheng's intentional actions!
He couldn't get rid of the anger in his heart.
Seeing He Tiancheng like this, Luo Zheng pulled him aside, "Let's go and have a drink first!"
In the tavern, Lu Xiao drank more than a dozen wine jars in one go. At his level, he had full control over his body. As long as he didn't want to get drunk, he wouldn't die.
Luo Zheng suddenly raised his wine glass and apologized, "Brother Lu Xiao, you don't know. This matter started because of me. I caused the death of your brothers. I'm really sorry."
At this moment, Luo Zheng still didn't know why He Tiancheng wanted to harm him. When he heard what He Tiancheng said, he asked curiously, "It's clearly He Tiancheng who harmed me. Why should Brother Luo Zheng apologize?"
"They didn't want to harm the Qinglan Squad. Their real target was me. Someone wanted me dead, so they had He Tiancheng change the route of the Qinglan Squad," Luo Zheng said.
The Qinglan Squad was indeed implicated by Luo Zheng. That was why they sacrificed nearly half of their soldiers for nothing. Luo Zheng felt very sorry for this. Lu Xiao clenched his fists.
Lu Xiao clenched his fists. He finally understood why He Tiancheng would harm the Qinglan Squad even though he had no enmity with him. He glared fiercely at Luo Zheng. After pondering for a while, his expression gradually relaxed. He sighed and said, "Brother Luo Zheng, don't take all the responsibility on yourself. Even if it's like what you said, the real villain is still He Tiancheng. He flouted the military rules, tampered with the military route without permission, and harmed my brother. Naturally, I'll take revenge on him!"
Luo Zheng drank the wine in his bowl and nodded, "This hatred must be avenged. I'm staying here to earn points, and it's also because of this!"
"Brother Luo Zheng, do you have a way?" Lu Xiao's eyes flashed.
Although he hated He Tiancheng so much that his teeth itched, He Tiancheng was his immediate superior. Secondly, He Tiancheng was too powerful. Lu Xiao could only look up to a Xiantian stage four expert. He simply had no way to deal with him.
Luo Zheng smiled faintly, "I definitely have a way. I know these people's temperament very well. As long as I'm here, they will definitely give up. I'll wait for an opportunity … I'll completely exterminate them!"
After saying that, Luo Zheng's eyes were filled with coldness.
Luo Zheng's temperament was completely different from Meng Changjun's. Meng Changjun was born in a landowning household. He had too many things to consider and needed to weigh the benefits at all times.
However, Luo Zheng was a commoner with no one to rely on. He treated his friends and brothers without the slightest interest.
Although it had only been a few days, Luo Zheng understood what kind of people were worth befriending.
Luo Zheng had to take revenge for Lu Xiao. He also had to take revenge for Yang Tai. Facing these evil hands behind his back, Luo Zheng wanted to let them understand what a bloody lesson was.
In the next five days, Lu Xiao reorganized the Qinglan Squad and continued to go out of the city to hunt Blade Insects.
According to the rules above, half of the Blade Insect crystal cores hunted by the soldiers of the Emperor's Army had to be handed over. However, Lu Xiao had a lot of discretion on this point. He gave almost 90% of the Blade Insect crystal cores hunted by the Qinglan Squad to Luo Zheng.
Lu Xiao's command, coupled with Luo Zheng's use of broken flying daggers, made the entire process of hunting the Saber Insects very smooth.
In these five days, Luo Zheng's harvest was quite bountiful.
In addition to the Blade Insect crystal cores he had accumulated before, Luo Zheng had about 4,000 ordinary Blade Insect crystal cores. As for the Blade Insect Leader's crystal cores, he had accumulated more than 200!
In total, he could exchange them for 500 points. If the Blade Insect Queen's crystal core was added to Luo Zheng's, he would have 1,500 points.
He had just entered the Blue Cloud Sect for less than a month, and he had accumulated 1,500 points completely by relying on his own efforts. If other Blue Cloud Sect disciples knew about this, they would probably sigh at the unfairness of fate.
On the sixth day, early in the morning, Luo Zheng still followed the Qinglan Squad out of the city to hunt.
They went into the jungle and killed two groups of Blade Insects in a row. While the soldiers were stripping the Blade Insect's crystal cores, Lu Xiao asked, "Brother Luo Zheng, you said that as long as you stay here, they will definitely go out of the city to look for you. Why haven't there been any movements these past few days?"
With Luo Zheng's promise, Lu Xiao didn't go to the main camp to cause trouble. As the saying goes, a higher official can crush people to death. Lu Xiao also knew that he wouldn't be able to bring down He Tiancheng.
However, Luo Zheng said that they would definitely make a move again. It had been five or six days in a row, but he still hadn't seen them. This made Lu Xiao somewhat apprehensive.
"These guys are pretty patient. It doesn't matter. We'll just kill our Blade Insects and slowly wait for them." Luo Zheng was also a little surprised by their patience. He lowered his head and took out the crystal core of a Blade Insect Queen, storing it in his spatial ring.
At this time, Luo Zheng suddenly raised his head. He frowned slightly and looked in a certain direction in the jungle. "I just praised them for being patient. Today, they can't hold back anymore."
Luo Zheng's soul was far more sensitive than the average person's. Standing in place, he could already feel the dense killing intent coming from not too far away.
Not long after, three people walked out of the forest.
The leader was Xiao Yufeng's Cao Lei. As for the other two, Luo Zheng had seen them in a small courtyard in the barracks. Because of the sharp contrast between the two, one was black and the other was white, Luo Zheng had a very deep impression of them.
Cao Lei quickly walked forward and sneered, "You know we want to kill you, yet you still stay in Dragon Castle and dare to come out to hunt Blade Insects. I say, are you confident or stupid?"
In these six days, Cao Lei had many opportunities to deal with Luo Zheng, but they didn't make a move.
Meng Changjun was too much of a deterrent to them. Before they made a move, they needed to investigate clearly.
The conflict between the Meng Family and the Zhuge Family had to be handled carefully. Otherwise, the insects in the cracks could very well become the sacrificial lambs unknowingly.
After six days of observation and intelligence, they understood clearly.
Luo Zheng and Meng Changjun only met by chance and went on adventures together with the Qinglan Squad. In fact, they didn't have a deep friendship with Luo Zheng.
Luo Zheng was able to persuade Meng Changjun to intervene in Lu Xiao's affairs. Meng Changjun had already given him a lot of face.
Since the Meng Family was no longer a concern, they could now act boldly.
Luo Zheng narrowed his eyes and shook his head. He pointed at Cao Lei and said, "Cao Lei, you followed me all the way from the Emerald Cloud Sect and tried to take my life. I haven't settled this debt with you yet, so how can I leave? I didn't expect you to be as timid as mice. I waited for you for six days before you dared to show up. Alas, I still overestimated you. "
After that, Luo Zheng sighed, but there was no trace of fear in his expression.
He had just experienced the baptism of the "Earth Core Fire" and stepped into the body of a spirit tool. He wanted to see how much his strength had improved.
And the three people in front of him were suitable opponents.
For some reason, Cao Lei saw Luo Zheng's eyes full of confidence. His heart actually beat fast in an instant. This kid was clearly in the Marrow Refining Stage. Why did he feel fear? Looking at his confident appearance, it should be fake! Yes, it must be so!
"Really? Since you can't wait to lose your life, then we will fulfill your wish. Black Fiend, White Fiend, two big brothers, let's see your magical powers next! "Cao Lei said as he stepped back.
The Black Evil Spirit and the Black Evil Spirit could no longer hold back. They had followed Cao Lei to the Dragon Castle for many days. They thought they could solve the problem in one day, but it had dragged on for so long, which made them very dissatisfied.
At this moment, the billowing Genuine Qi was constantly flowing along the Black Evil Spirit and the Black Evil Spirit.
With sneers on their faces, they stared at Luo Zheng and stepped forward slowly, exuding the momentum that only the Primordial Experts could have.
Seeing this, Lu Xiao shouted, "Qinglan Squad, prepare to meet the enemy!"
Hearing Lu Xiao's order, the soldiers of the Qinglan Squad held their weapons and got into a battle formation.
Luo Zheng waved his hand and stopped him, "Brother Lu Xiao, you don't need to get involved in this. They originally came for me. I have to solve this problem myself."
After saying this, Luo Zheng took the lead and stood in front of them. He had to solve his own problem by himself.
The Black Evil Spirit and the White Evil Spirit looked at Luo Zheng and laughed strangely from their throats.
"Today, not only will you die, but the whole Qinglan Squad will also die!"
"If I were you, I would immediately kneel down and commit suicide. We brothers won't let you die so easily!"
After the Black Evil Spirit and the Black Evil Spirit finished speaking, their Genuine Qi instantly turned into black and white smoke, which turned into two giant pythons and swept towards Luo Zheng along the ground.
"External Release of Genuine Qi!"

Chapter 61
There was a saying that went, "Below the Connate Realm are all living beings."
Only when one stepped into the Connate Realm could one be considered to have truly embarked on the path of martial arts!
After stepping into the Connate Realm, one's Genuine Qi would be completely transformed into Natal Vital Essence. One could also continuously absorb the Vital Essence between heaven and earth to become a higher level of life.
Therefore, these Connate masters were also called "Connate Lifeforms." Although they were still human, there was a clear boundary between them and humans!
This boundary was called lifespan!
For ordinary people, seventy years was considered to be seventy years old, eighty years old, and ninety years old. These were already considered extremely long lives.
However, Connate masters had a lifespan of at least 150 years! Being able to live longer and longer was also the most attractive point of the martial way!
Therefore, after entering the Connate Realm, they were called "Connate Lifeforms."
The Black White Double Ghosts' Vital Essence continuously transformed into black and white smoke, enveloping Luo Zheng.
Luo Zheng raised his head and looked around. Except for the black and white smoke, everything else disappeared. He couldn't even see Lu Xiao, who wasn't too far away from Luo Zheng.
The smoke not only obstructed his vision, but also completely blocked out the sound of the outside world. Luo Zheng couldn't hear anything else.
In the face of such a strange scene, Luo Zheng stood quietly in place. At this moment, he could only deal with all changes by remaining unchanged.
The black and white smoke was so strange that its only function was definitely more than that.
Just as Luo Zheng's vigilance was raised, a cloud of black smoke suddenly transformed into a human figure in front of him. The human figure held a long saber formed by smoke and slashed at Luo Zheng's head.
"Using smoke to cover himself as a camouflage? If that's all … it doesn't seem difficult to deal with! "
Luo Zheng dashed rapidly and approached the smoke before the long saber chopped at him. At the same time, he punched out.
"Boom!"
When Luo Zheng's fierce fist hit the smoke, the human-shaped smoke suddenly exploded and dissipated.
Seeing this, Luo Zheng frowned.
He thought that one of the Black White Double Ghosts was hiding in the smoke, but now he realized that the smoke was just an illusion created by the smoke.
As soon as this cloud of black smoke was dispersed, another cloud of black smoke floated over from the side. As it floated over, it transformed into a human form and rushed towards Luo Zheng with a long saber in its hand.
Pop! Pop!
Facing these three clouds of smoke, Luo Zheng casually threw two more punches, dispersing two more clouds of smoke.
When Luo Zheng prepared to attack the third cloud of smoke, a black fist silently stretched out of the third cloud of smoke. Luo Zheng was completely unprepared as it punched Luo Zheng.
Bang!
How powerful was the punch of a Xiantian master?
In addition, Luo Zheng wasn't prepared for this punch and didn't have any armor to cushion it. This punch immediately sent Luo Zheng back dozens of meters, and he rolled on the ground twice before stopping.
"The power of a Xiantian master is really terrifying! Fortunately, I have refined my body into a Spiritual Tool. If I had taken this punch before, I'm afraid I would have suffered internal injuries! "Luo Zheng slowly got up from the ground with a dignified look on his face. After refining his body into a Refining Tool Body, his resistance to attacks had been greatly improved, and he had almost completely absorbed the Black Demon's punch!
The surging warm current washed Luo Zheng's body, but Luo Zheng wasn't happy.
Luo Zheng still hadn't found a way to break the barrier formed by the black and white smoke.
The Black Demon was hiding in the black smoke, and the White Demon was hiding in the white smoke. Both of them had unique talents, one black and one white. With Luo Zheng's eyesight, it was simply difficult to distinguish them!
Not long after he stood up, not far away, clouds of white smoke constantly changed shape. This time, they turned into thousands of soldiers and horses, rushing towards Luo Zheng.
All around him, there was an army of smoke. In this chaos, Luo Zheng couldn't distinguish their real bodies.
At this time, Luo Zheng hadn't stepped into the Half-step Xiantian Realm. Although he could condense a very mature True Qi, he couldn't release it. There was no way to eliminate this army in a short time.
He could only deal with it passively.
"Break for me!"
Puff! Puff! Puff!
Puff! Puff! In an instant, dozens of human-shaped smoke were scattered by Luo Zheng's punch.
However, after dispersing a dozen or so clouds of smoke, more clouds of smoke appeared.
It was endless, one after another.
"Hey, hey, hey, let's see how long you can hold on!"
Just as the White Demon's voice sounded, his fist came from a cloud of white smoke and hit Luo Zheng's ribs!
"Boom!"
Under this punch, Luo Zheng was sent flying a few feet away again and smashed heavily on the ground, as if his string had been cut.
Although Luo Zheng's body was as hard as a spiritual weapon, it was not so easy to injure him. This punch hit Luo Zheng's ribs, and that kind of piercing pain made Luo Zheng groan.
Smoke billowed, and shadows appeared.
The Double Ghosts of Black and White became more and more crazy. They kept laughing, rolling up the smoke and rushing towards Luo Zheng.
Luo Zheng tried his best to prick up his ears, trying to distinguish their position by the sound they made.
A black smoke formed around Luo Zheng, and the Black Demon's laughter came from the black smoke. Luo Zheng waved his fist and scattered the smoke. There was no one inside.
"Over here, boy!"
The White Demon's voice came from afar, but his fist strangely hit Luo Zheng's back.
Under this punch, Luo Zheng staggered two steps forward, but the Black Demon's leg appeared in front of him and hit Luo Zheng's stomach …
Luo Zheng was like a rubber ball that was kicked out after being hit by someone.
A warm current washed Luo Zheng's bone marrow. From Luo Zheng's bone marrow, there was a burst of very comfortable feeling.
Although this feeling was good, it was definitely not a good thing to be beaten by these two people like this.
The two people's voices were sometimes far and sometimes close, sometimes left and sometimes right. It was impossible to locate them by sound. If he could not find their real bodies hidden in the smoke, he could only be beaten.
"What should I do?" Luo Zheng lay on the ground, panting, thinking hard about how to break the attack of the Double Ghosts of Black and White.
The process of being beaten lasted for a long time.
The Double Ghosts of Black and White finally found the uniqueness of Luo Zheng's body.
"Black Demon, this boy is really strange. Even if he is an Innate Expert who is more powerful than us, I'm afraid he can't take so many punches, right?" The White Demon asked in the smoke.
"Not only is there no change in this boy's complexion, but the more he is beaten, the more energetic he is. It's really strange!" The Black Demon also noticed that something was wrong.
"Maybe he has some magical skills or magical treasures to protect him?" The White Demon thought of this and his voice became heated.
"Hehe, it should be. If we kill him, not only will we help complete the mission given by the Third Young Master, but we will also get such great benefits. White Fiend, use your trump card. I don't believe that his body is really made of iron! "Black Fiend laughed wildly.
"Well, I've played enough. Let this boy see what real fear is!"
"Nine Dragons Strangulation!"
Black and white smoke swirled in the air.
The two colors of smoke entangled and instantly turned into nine giant dragons, baring their fangs and brandishing their claws.
As soon as the nine giant dragons formed by the smoke appeared, they roared and swooped down on Luo Zheng from nine directions.
Looking at the nine giant dragons approaching rapidly, Luo Zheng frowned.
The thick fog was just a camouflage.
Because it was formed by the Double Ghosts of Black and White, the thick fog did not cause any trouble to them.
Not only that, in the thick fog, both their movement speed and strength were greatly improved.
However …
The thick fog could hide their bodies, but it could not hide their killing intent!
Thinking of this, Luo Zheng's heart stirred and he closed his eyes.
Humans had six senses.
They were the vision, the ear, the nose, the tongue, the body, and the consciousness.
The first five senses corresponded to vision, smell, taste, hearing, and touch respectively. The consciousness was the most illusory feeling.
When humans turned off one of the senses, the other senses would be enhanced.
For example, a blind person's sense of touch and hearing were much stronger than an ordinary person's. They could recognize uneven Braille with only their fingers.
A deaf person who had lost his hearing could read more with his eyes, such as "lip-reading", which was difficult for ordinary people to learn.
Facing the Double Ghosts of Black and White, Luo Zheng's hearing and vision had completely lost their effect. Now he could only rely on his consciousness!
Therefore, he simply closed his eyes and shut off his five senses.
Luo Zheng's soul was much stronger than an ordinary person's, and the soul directly affected the sharpness of the consciousness. At this moment, Luo Zheng could only rely on his consciousness to sense the position of the Double Ghosts of Black and White!
The nine giant dragons, alternating between black and white, rushed in front of Luo Zheng in an instant.
Luo Zheng still closed his eyes, feeling the opponent's killing intent.
At this moment, a hazy consciousness was emitted from Luo Zheng's body, forming a "circle" around Luo Zheng.
Within this "circle" space, Luo Zheng could perceive many details that he had not noticed before.
The uneven ground, the scattered fine stones, and even the sand. There were also thriving weeds, and even cicada pupae that had been dormant underground for several years …
This was an extremely wonderful feeling, just as wonderful as the day when he comprehended the "Selfless Realm".
However, Luo Zheng had no time to enjoy this special perception. When the nine giant dragons rushed into his "circle", Luo Zheng instantly distinguished them!
The Double Ghosts of Black and White were actually hiding in front of him and behind the two smoke dragons. Moreover, each of them was holding a short halberd in their hands!
It seemed that the two wanted to kill him in one blow this time!
＝＝＝＝＝

Chapter 62
The two halberds were certainly not ordinary weapons. Even Luo Zheng's spiritual weapon body may not be able to resist them. If he was really hit by the two halberds, he would be seriously injured, if not dead.
But after relying on his own soul consciousness to distinguish the position of the two people, the Black and White Double Demons had no chance.
Luo Zheng suddenly opened his eyes, and at the same time moved one step to the right.
With this step, Luo Zheng's figure skillfully avoided the attack of the White Demon. At the same time, his right hand flicked, and the broken dagger quietly swung out. It circled around him at a very fast speed, turned over, and cut towards the Black Demon.
The Black Demon did not expect that Luo Zheng had found his position. At this moment, he rushed over and could not stop. In the face of the broken dagger flying towards him, he could only raise the short halberd in his hand to block it!
The short halberd in the Black Demon's hand was an Upper Grade Profound Weapon. It could be paired with the short halberd in the White Demon's hand. When they attacked together, the power was comparable to a spiritual weapon. The Black Demon thought that it should be able to block Luo Zheng's flying dagger.
But the Black Demon soon found out how naive his idea was.
This Upper Grade Profound Rank short halberd was like a candle in front of the broken flying dagger. It was easily cut off.
The Black Demon's neck was cut off along with the short halberd. Until the moment of his death, his eyes were full of confusion and puzzlement.
How did Luo Zheng find him …
How could this broken flying dagger be so sharp …
No one told the Black Demon the answer.
"Black Demon!"
The White Demon, hiding in the smoke, saw that the Black Demon was killed instantly. He was about to send the short halberd in his hand into Luo Zheng's body.
Luo Zheng had already seen through the White Demon's disguise, and he easily avoided this attack.
Seeing this, the White Demon's body surged with thick smoke. He wanted to hide and find another opportunity to kill. He was about to disappear in front of Luo Zheng.
"Do you think you can escape?" A smile appeared on Luo Zheng's face. Then, with a cold snort, a long spike formed from his soul pierced towards the White Demon.
Bai Sha suddenly felt a sharp pain in the depths of his head. He fell out of the smoke. Before he could react, the broken flying knife had quietly arrived and cut open Bai Sha's neck.
The Twin Fiends of Black and White had both died in battle!
Since the two of them were dead, their True Essence naturally began to dissipate. The black and white smoke that was driven by True Essence also slowly dissipated …
Lu Xiao led the Green Mist Squad and looked at the huge cloud of smoke nervously.
Of course, he knew that Luo Zheng was fighting fiercely with the Black White Double Ghosts inside the smoke!
Although Lu Xiao was extremely confident in Luo Zheng's strength, the gap between the Marrow Refining realm and the Xiantian realm was not small at all. As a half-step Xiantian expert, Lu Xiao was well aware of how huge the gap was. Furthermore, Luo Zheng was facing two Xiantian realm experts at the same time!
But when the smoke gradually dissipated, he saw Luo Zheng's figure standing in it, and the two lying on the ground were Black Demon and White Demon!
Luo Zheng won!
Lu Xiao let out a long breath. This kid had already created a few impossible miracles in front of him. It seemed that Luo Zheng did not mind creating a few more …
It was too terrifying. Lu Xiao originally thought that although Luo Zheng's strength was strong, he was a half-step Xiantian expert after all. If he fought head-on, he might be able to win. But now, Lu Xiao felt that he might not be able to last one round in front of Luo Zheng …
This conclusion was very cruel, but Lu Xiao felt that it was very reasonable.
At this moment, Cao Lei was tongue-tied and could not say a word.
The Twin Fiends of Black and White were decapitated. Luo Zheng stood quietly in the same place. This scene gave Cao Lei a great shock.
He felt that his legs were trembling and did not listen to him at all.
When Luo Zheng bent down and put away the two black and white halberds beside the Twin Fiends of Black and White and walked towards Cao Lei, Cao Lei actually sat down on the ground.
His eyes were filled with horror.
"Don't, don't come over!"
Cao Lei supported himself with both hands on the ground and legs kicking wildly, constantly moving his body backward.
"Didn't you want to kill me?"
"Didn't you want to take my life?"
"Didn't you say that you wanted me to die obediently in the Dragon Castle?"
Luo Zheng stared straight at Cao Lei and closed in on him step by step!
"This, this is not my idea. This is Third Young Master's order! I was just entrusted by someone else! Luo Zheng, I beg you, let me, let me go! "Cao Lei was on the verge of tears. He stuttered like a madman.
"I wanted to let you go because you are Xiao Yufeng's disciple. But you did not know what was good for you. In order to hunt me down, you took the initiative to follow me to the Dragon Castle. It can be said that you deliberately planned to kill me. Do you think I will let you go?" Luo Zheng held the broken dagger in his hand and asked coldly.
"I … I will kowtow to you. I deserve to die a thousand times. I am worse than a beast …" Cao Lei knelt on the ground and kowtowed hard to the ground as if he was crushing garlic.
Looking at Cao Lei's miserable appearance, Luo Zheng slightly frowned.
Luo Zheng was not a bloodthirsty person. After reading thousands of books, he gradually understood from the thousands of books in the Luo family's collection that killing was the most direct, most effective and also the simplest way to solve disputes in this world.
But this was not a good way.
When Luo Zheng's benevolence rose in his heart, he hesitated for a moment.
But at this moment of hesitation, Cao Lei's right hand secretly clenched. From his back came the sound of a mechanism breaking.
Then a golden needle suddenly shot towards Luo Zheng.
"Puchi!"
That golden needle was extremely fast, its momentum was extremely fierce, and its power was extremely great!
Even though Luo Zheng had the body of a spirit weapon, that golden needle still penetrated Luo Zheng's skin and nailed deeply into Luo Zheng's chest. Half of the needle had gone in.
"Hahahahaha! Luo Zheng, this is the 'Poison Pulling Stinger' of the Magical Needle Family Zhu. It contains the Poison Pulling Stinger! Once it enters your body, you will die. Let's see if you can survive today! "Seeing that his move succeeded, Cao Lei's expression changed from fear to ecstasy. His face became extremely distorted.
Luo Zheng muttered and made a soft "hiss" sound. He reached out with his hand and pulled out that golden needle, "The Magical Needle Family Zhu's hidden weapon is the most famous hidden weapon in the Eastern Region. But … it's nothing more than this."
"Ding ding ding …"
Luo Zheng casually threw the golden needle on the ground. A mocking smile appeared on his face.
"You …" Cao Lei's eyes opened wide like an owl's, "The Poison Pulling Stinger is fatal. You, you, why didn't you die?"
Luo Zheng shook his head, "I won't tell you!"
The broken throwing knife suddenly shot out from Luo Zheng's hand and slashed across Cao Lei's neck. Afterwards, Luo Zheng left without looking back.
The Poison Pulling Stinger was a very famous poison. As long as a person came into contact with a trace of it, they would immediately die. Combined with the explosive shooting of the Magical Needle Family Zhu's hidden weapon, the Golden Needles, even a Xiantian lifeform would find it hard to defend against. This was because, although Xiantian lifeforms could isolate themselves from the poison by relying on their True Yuan, they could not isolate themselves from the Golden Needles.
If the one standing in front of Cao Lei was Meng Changjun or any other Xiantian powerhouse, they would probably have died from the poison by now.
However, Luo Zheng's physique had already surpassed the concept of a human. This kind of poison had no effect on him at all.
Just as Luo Zheng turned his head and walked a few steps, he suddenly felt a gust of cold air.
A thin gust of cold air continuously extended along the ground, freezing everything in its path, whether it was flowers, grass, trees, soil, or rocks.
That gust of cold air went straight for Luo Zheng.
When the cold air reached Luo Zheng's feet, Luo Zheng quickly jumped away from where he stood.
"Whoosh, whoosh, whoosh, whoosh!"
An ice and snow crystal covered with sharp thorns quickly bloomed.
It was an extremely beautiful ice and snow crystal. However, the sharp thorns formed by the frost announced its danger.
If Luo Zheng did not dodge, it was very likely that he would have been pierced by the sharp thorns on the ice and snow crystal.
Seeing this scene, Luo Zheng frowned and two words came out of his mouth, "He Tiancheng?"
The few trees in front of Luo Zheng were gradually dyed white and covered by ice and snow.
Suddenly, it was as if a spring breeze had come and thousands of pear trees had bloomed. The foggy and snowy scenery that should only be appreciated in the dead of winter had strangely appeared in the hottest days of June.
Soon after, He Tiancheng walked out from an ice tree.
"Do you really think you can leave the Dragon Castle?" He Tiancheng slowly walked towards Luo Zheng. Within three feet of him, sparkling snowflakes constantly fell. "I, He Tiancheng, have been talented since I was a child. I joined the army at the age of 16 and relied on my own comprehension and talent to climb up the ranks. Even in the Dragon Castle, I am a respected figure. However, I was humiliated by a junior like you. Do you think I will let you live?"
Luo Zheng shook his head and laughed, "I have never had such an illusion."
"Then why don't you obediently give up? I can give you a quick death. "The vital essence in He Tiancheng's hand flowed slowly. Then, a long spear formed by ice crystals appeared in his hand.
Seeing this scene, Luo Zheng broke into a run!
In the Xiantian realm, there was a huge gap between each realm.
Moreover, He Tiancheng was an expert of Xiantian Stage Four. Even though Luo Zheng had broken through to the Body of Spiritual Tool, he was not sure if he could fight with He Tiancheng.
"Running?"
A mocking smile appeared on He Tiancheng's face. Every time he took a step, the ground would condense into a layer of ice.
When He Tiancheng ran, a layer of ice would constantly form on the ground. Therefore, He Tiancheng was not running, but sliding on the ice!
Compared to Luo Zheng's crazy running, He Tiancheng's sliding speed was naturally much faster!
When He Tiancheng's sliding speed reached a certain level, he forcefully waved his hand and threw the ice spear towards Luo Zheng.
The speed of this ice spear was extremely fast. It was comparable to the speed of the golden needle that Cao Lei had shot at Luo Zheng when he was unprepared!
Feeling the threat coming from behind, Luo Zheng turned around and wanted to avoid this ice spear. However, he was still one step too late.
"Chi!"
The ice spear brushed past Luo Zheng's shoulder. Not only did it cut Luo Zheng's clothes, but it also tore open a wound on Luo Zheng's shoulder, causing blood to gush out!
"Worthy of being at Xiantian fourth stage, such formidable strength!"
Although his shoulder was injured, Luo Zheng didn't have time to deal with it. The strength displayed by a Xiantian fourth stage master was too terrifying. The threat to Luo Zheng was too great.
However, although the threat was great, it wasn't to the point of despair.
Last time, when he was chased by the Blade Insect Queen, he didn't even have the courage to fight back.
But this time, the situation was different.
Facing He Tiancheng who was getting closer and closer, Luo Zheng jumped forward and somersaulted in the air. The broken throwing knife in his hand shot out behind him.
Although Luo Zheng had used the broken throwing knife before, when he fought with the Black White Double Demons, he had been wrapped in thick smoke. Therefore, He Tiancheng hadn't seen the power of the broken throwing knife.
Seeing Luo Zheng throw a knife, He Tiancheng sneered. He waved his hand and condensed an ice shield in his hand.
Even a high-grade Xuan weapon couldn't stop the broken throwing knife, let alone the ice shield in He Tiancheng's hand. In a flash, the broken throwing knife cut through He Tiancheng's ice shield and went straight to his forehead.
He Tiancheng was caught unprepared and was scared out of his wits. He almost reflexively jumped forward and avoided the attack of Luo Zheng's throwing knife. However, he ended up rolling on the ground in a very sorry state.
A Xiantian fourth stage master was actually forced into such a state by a junior of Refining Marrow stage.
Previously, He Tiancheng had been humiliated by Luo Zheng. Now, he was almost killed on the spot by this brat. He Tiancheng felt a sense of defeat that he had never felt before.

Chapter 63
He Tiancheng didn't expect that the broken throwing knife in Luo Zheng's hand would be so powerful.
He Tiancheng was very clear about the defensive power of the Ice Crystal Shield that he condensed with his elemental energy. Even a Xiantian lifeform would need three to four punches to shatter his Ice Crystal Shield. Such a sturdy defense was actually not worth mentioning in front of that broken throwing knife.
When he thought about how he had been thwarted by this brat at the Marrow Refining Stage, a flame of anger ignited in He Tiancheng's heart.
He stretched out his hand and slapped the elemental energy in his hand onto the ground. The billowing elemental energy instantly turned into endless frost and spread forward. In an instant, it paved a smooth ice surface that could be seen clearly!
He then jumped up and glided toward Luo Zheng at an extremely fast speed.
Just now, He Tiancheng had almost suffered a great loss. Now that he had learned his lesson, he was constantly on guard against Luo Zheng's strange throwing knife.
With He Tiancheng's intelligence, he almost instantly thought of a way to restrain Luo Zheng's throwing knife.
He waved his hand and the white elemental energy in his hand flickered. Astonishingly, five short and sharp icicles appeared, emitting streaks of pale white cold air.
After a few breaths, He Tiancheng once again caught up with Luo Zheng, who was fleeing in front of him.
He saw that brat suddenly turn around and the broken throwing knife silently shot toward him again. He Tiancheng smiled sinisterly and the five icicles in his hand instantly flew out.
"Ding, ding, ding, ding, ding!"
The five icicles accurately hit the broken throwing knife. Although they couldn't stop the momentum of the broken throwing knife, they caused it to lose its accuracy and nail into the ground.
"You still want to use this move to deal with me? Childish! "He Tiancheng increased his speed and chased after Luo Zheng.
Luo Zheng forcefully pulled back the broken throwing knife. Then, he heard a cold wind blowing behind him. He Tiancheng was holding an Ice Crystal Halberd and fiercely thrusting it toward Luo Zheng's back. He wanted to pierce through Luo Zheng's entire body.
"Soul-Stirring Spike!"
Seeing this, Luo Zheng didn't dodge. The soul in his mind turned into a gray spike and stabbed toward He Tiancheng.
At the same time, the broken flying dagger that had just been retrieved circled around Luo Zheng. With a forceful wave of his left hand, the broken flying dagger immediately changed its direction and shot towards He Tiancheng.
He Tiancheng wanted to take Luo Zheng's life at this moment, but suddenly, his head was pierced by an extremely sharp object. The severe pain made his vision black and his head dizzy. He couldn't help holding his head with both hands.
At this moment, He Tiancheng felt an extremely strong sense of danger. His many years of battle experience had saved his life.
He endured the pain of his soul being injured and saw that the damned flying knife was flying towards him again. In a moment of desperation, he could only roll on the ground, narrowly avoiding his vital parts.
However, He Tiancheng's shoulder was still cut by the flying dagger. Blood gushed out from his shoulder.
"Ahhhhh!"
He Tiancheng felt like he was going crazy.
Obviously, as long as he caught this little guy, he could kill him in an instant. But now, he was so troublesome.
The decades of battle experience he had accumulated were useless at this moment.
He Tiancheng roared. His whole body's True Essence spread out like a tide, turning into thousands of icicles and shooting in all directions.
"Whoosh whoosh whoosh whoosh … …"
Thousands of icicles scattered like thousands of raindrops.
Luo Zheng's feet didn't stop for even a moment as he madly dashed forward. In a single breath, he had dashed a distance of three to four hundred feet before he finally stopped. When he turned around to look, the scene caused Luo Zheng to be astounded and inwardly shocked.
With He Tiancheng as the center, everything within a radius of three hundred feet was destroyed. Whether it was the jungle or the vegetation, everything was penetrated by the numerous icicles.
The True Essence of a Xiantian stage four was actually so strong and majestic, as if it couldn't be used up.
Luo Zheng wasn't interested in staying here any longer. Just now, he had taken advantage of He Tiancheng's unpreparedness to eat a loss. He was considered lucky. With this opportunity, he naturally wanted to escape.
However, He Tiancheng was obviously unwilling to let Luo Zheng go. Seeing Luo Zheng escape, He Tiancheng continued to chase after Luo Zheng in that strange gliding state.
Luo Zheng's running speed was far inferior to He Tiancheng's.
This kind of chase was on a completely different level. It should end in a very short time.
However, whenever He Tiancheng was about to catch up to Luo Zheng, Luo Zheng would use those two moves.
"Soul-Stirring Stab!"
"Broken Flying Dagger!"
Although these two moves didn't have any tricks or variables, they greatly delayed He Tiancheng's pursuit.
After Luo Zheng escaped for ten miles, his attacks became weaker and weaker.
Although the Broken Flying Dagger was a big threat, He Tiancheng's speed was extremely fast, so he easily dodged it.
Although the Soul-Stirring Stab was hard to guard against, whenever Luo Zheng wanted to use it to attack, He Tiancheng would pull away from Luo Zheng in an instant.
Luo Zheng didn't have a deep understanding of the Heaven-Grade Soul-Stirring Stab, so the attack range of the Soul-Stirring Stab wasn't large. As long as He Tiancheng maintained a certain distance, Luo Zheng wouldn't be able to do anything to him.
In the blink of an eye, the two of them had run another five miles. After dodging Luo Zheng's attack once again, He Tiancheng sneered. "Brat, it's time to end this!"
"Icebound Ten Thousand Miles!"
He Tiancheng's hands suddenly smashed on the ground. Two snow-white thin lines rapidly extended along the ground. The speed of their extension was several times faster than Luo Zheng's.
When the two snow-white thin lines surpassed Luo Zheng, they rapidly turned into two ice crystals. As soon as these two ice crystals appeared, they rapidly grew, expanded and became bigger.
"Zeng Zeng Zeng Zeng Zeng Zeng!"
The sharp spikes condensed from the ice crystals intertwined with each other, emitting a loud crisp sound.
These ice crystals eventually formed a small mountain of ice crystals. This small mountain was semicircular, like a crescent shaped valley. It completely sealed off Luo Zheng's front, left, and right paths.
If Luo Zheng wanted to leave this "Ice Crystal Valley", he could only retreat. However, if he retreated, he would have to face He Tiancheng.
"If I let a junior in the Marrow Refining Realm like you escape from my hands, then I, He Tiancheng, don't need to live anymore. I can just die!" He Tiancheng's expression was sinister as he slowly pressed forward.
"Don't make it sound so bad. There aren't many people who can chase after me for so long," Luo Zheng said with a smile.
He Tiancheng shook his head. "If I were you, I definitely wouldn't be able to smile after falling to such a state!"
"Is that so …" Luo Zheng pretended to be surprised. Caught off guard, a gray spike suddenly pierced towards He Tiancheng.
"Soul-Stirring Spike!"
However, He Tiancheng did a backflip and dodged backwards like a nimble sparrow hawk. He miraculously dodged the Soul-Stirring Spike's attack. At the same time, he drew a circle on the ground and returned to his original position, continuing to close in on Luo Zheng. "Do you think I'll fall for this kind of small trick again and again?"
"Of course you're not that stupid." Luo Zheng's lips curled up slightly.
"Thank you for your praise, but I don't feel anything for a dead person's praise." After He Tiancheng finished speaking, a giant ice spike gradually formed. It looked like he was going to give Luo Zheng the final blow.
At this moment, Luo Zheng shook his head. "I'm not praising you. What I mean is that you're even more stupid than I thought!"
He Tiancheng was slightly stunned. He didn't know what Luo Zheng meant. However, when he saw that Luo Zheng didn't move, a sneer appeared on his face again. "Stop trying to be mysterious. In the end, you still can't escape death." As he spoke, He Tiancheng stretched out his finger and the giant ice spike went straight towards Luo Zheng.
This giant ice spike was extremely powerful, and Luo Zheng had nowhere to run. He Tiancheng's attack this time was bound to succeed!
However, when the giant ice spike advanced halfway, a strange scene appeared. The front of the giant ice spike began to shatter layer by layer, turning into thousands of ice crystals that mixed with the ice water and scattered all over the ground.
There seemed to be an invisible wall in front of Luo Zheng that blocked the attack of the giant ice spike.
"What is this?" He Tiancheng's face darkened. An ominous premonition arose in his heart.
"Luo Zheng is right. You're not that stupid. You're too stupid!" A voice drifted over from the back of the ice crystal valley. Then, a green figure walked out.
He Tiancheng's face instantly turned ugly. "Gou Hantian, even now, you still want to meddle in other people's business?"
"You're wrong. I'm not meddling in other people's business. I'm just enforcing military discipline! You secretly changed the route, murdered your comrades, and caused the Green Mist Squad to lose dozens of soldiers to the Saber Insect Queen. You even set up a torture chamber and detained Centurion Lu Xiao. If we didn't go, Lu Xiao would probably be dead. As a member of the Imperial Army, don't you feel ashamed? "Gou Hantian suddenly said a long string of words. Every sentence was criticizing He Tiancheng's crimes.
After all, the Imperial Army was an army. The internal military discipline was very strict. Although the dozens of lives of the Green Mist Squad were not worth mentioning to the entire Imperial Army of the Dragon Fort, according to the military rules, Gou Hantian's crimes were enough to be executed!
However, Lu Xiao had no one in the army. With his position as a centurion, there was no one to ask for help. No one would pay attention to him. This was also why He Tiancheng imprisoned Lu Xiao. He was afraid that Lu Xiao would cause too much trouble.
"So what? Gou Hantian, although you are also at Xiantian fourth stage, are you sure you can beat me? " Facing Gou Hantian, He Tiancheng did not panic. He was confident that his strength was above Gou Hantian's.
"I know. You have cultivated 'Extreme Cold Intent'. I, who is also at Xiantian fourth stage, may not be your opponent." Gou Hantian nodded.
He Tiancheng said with a conceited smile: "In that case, you should retreat and leave quickly. This matter has nothing to do with you. Otherwise, although you and I are colleagues in the Imperial Army, I won't let you off!"
"You have strength, but your brain is too stupid." Gou Hantian said with a smile: "You are so stupid that you don't have a brain."

Chapter 64
That person had a square face. Under his thick, sword-like eyebrows, there was a pair of large eyes that gave off an aura of authority. He was wearing heavy armor, and the front of the armor was actually carved with a lifelike flying dragon.
This person was one of the two deputy commanders of the Dragon Castle, General Feilong, known as the Sea Stabilizing Needle, Xun Feilong.
When all the ice crystals shattered, he still maintained the posture of extending his finger.
Xun Feilong only used one finger to shatter the entire ice crystal valley.
Seeing this scene, Luo Zheng couldn't help but click his tongue. This man's strength was too terrifying!
"He Tiancheng, I thought highly of you and promoted you by three levels. Is this how you repay me?" Xun Feilong's eyes flashed with disappointment.
"General, General … it's not like this. It's the Family Zhuge …" Seeing Xun Feilong, He Tiancheng was scared out of his wits. At this moment, he finally realized that this chase was a trap!
"Family Zhuge? Family Zhuge is too powerful, but it can't affect our Imperial Army! As a general of the Imperial Army, you don't care about military discipline. You disappoint me. "Xun Feilong shook his head and shouted," Tell me, what are your last words! "
The Imperial Army was directly under the control of the Burning Sky Palace. Although many people from the seven noble families held positions in the Imperial Army, Xun Feilong held an important position and wouldn't easily give face to the Family Zhuge.
"I …"
He Tiancheng's face turned pale. He understood that General Feilong wanted to kill him on the spot, so he turned around and ran!
He Tiancheng chased after him at an extremely fast speed. His escaping speed was definitely not slow either.
However, Xun Feilong only took one step.
With this step, he crossed a distance of hundreds of feet and arrived behind He Tiancheng in an instant. He stretched out his finger and gently tapped on He Tiancheng's back.
"Pu!"
There weren't any wounds on He Tiancheng's body. He spat out a mouthful of blood and then his vitality was extinguished. He fell to the ground and turned into a corpse.
"So … so strong!"
This was a true martial arts expert!
Seeing Xun Feilong's attack, Luo Zheng felt his blood boiling.
Xiantian stage four He Tiancheng was as weak as an ant in front of General Fei Long!
If I have the ability to do so in the future, I'm sure that saving Luo Yan would only be a matter of a few words!
After Xun Feilong dealt with He Tiancheng, he turned around and said to Gou Hantian, "Let's end this matter with He Tiancheng. I don't want this matter to affect the morale of the Dragon Castle!"
Gou Hantian's face turned solemn: "Yes, General!"
Xun Feilong took a deep look at Luo Zheng, and then walked away quickly. After a few steps, he quickly disappeared from Luo Zheng's sight.
Luo Zheng felt a great pressure from Xun Feilong's glance, as if all his secrets had been seen through by him. Even after Xun Feilong had left for a while, Luo Zheng's heart was still thumping.
After a while, he calmed down and cupped his hands towards Gou Hantian, saying, "Thank you, Lord Gou. If it weren't for you, I'm afraid that I wouldn't have been able to deal with him …"
Gou Hantian laughed and said, "There's no need to thank me. Since it's Young Master Jun's orders, I naturally have to do it cleanly. But you, kid, are really abnormal. You actually managed to lure He Tiancheng so far away while he was chasing you!"
Gou Hantian already knew that Luo Zheng's strength was far beyond his peers. But Gou Hantian was even more clear about He Tiancheng's strength. Among the middle-level generals of the Dragon Castle, only He Tiancheng had comprehended "Intent". He was definitely the backbone of the Dragon Castle. Even Gou Hantian himself wasn't sure that he could defeat He Tiancheng.
But Luo Zheng was actually able to run so far away from He Tiancheng's pursuit. Gou Hantian couldn't help but have a whole new level of respect for Luo Zheng. At the same time, he also understood why Meng Changjun had instructed him to do his best to cooperate with Luo Zheng's actions.
If this kid didn't die prematurely, he would definitely become an overlord. He was someone worthy of being roped in by the Meng Clan.
However, there were many geniuses in the world. Only a few could successfully mature. His future path still depended on how this kid walked.
After dealing with He Tiancheng's corpse, Gou Hantian returned to the Dragon Castle.
Luo Zheng followed the original route back to meet up with Lu Xiao.
Lu Xiao wasn't clear about Luo Zheng's plans. But Luo Zheng was able to escape the Blade Bug Queen's pursuit safely. This gave Lu Xiao great confidence. Lu Xiao believed that Luo Zheng could escape He Tiancheng's pursuit.
He led the Qinglan Squad and stayed behind. After waiting for four hours, Luo Zheng finally arrived.
"Brother Luo Zheng, where's that bastard He Tiancheng? Could it be … "Lu Xiao originally wanted to ask if He Tiancheng had been killed by Luo Zheng. After all, Luo Zheng had obtained the Blade Bug Queen's crystal core.
Luo Zheng nodded. "He Tiancheng is dead."
"You didn't really kill him, did you?" Lu Xiao's eyes opened as wide as copper bells.
Luo Zheng shrugged and said with a smile, "How can I be so capable? He Tiancheng was killed by General Fei Long. "
"General Fei Long!" At the mention of the deputy commander in the Dragon Castle, Lu Xiao's face was immediately filled with awe.
"He Tiancheng has been killed. General Fei Long doesn't want this matter to be spread around, so take care of your soldiers," Luo Zheng reminded him.
"Don't worry, I'll make my brothers keep this matter a secret!" Lu Xiao replied cautiously. He didn't expect that this matter would alarm General Fei Long.
On this day, the Qinglan Squad and Luo Zheng returned to the Dragon Castle after completing the mission of hunting the Blade Bug.
The depression that had accumulated in Lu Xiao's heart for several days was also swept away. He took Luo Zheng to the tavern to drink several jars of old wine. If it weren't for Luo Zheng's reminder that they couldn't spread it around, Lu Xiao would have laughed to the sky. In the end, Lu Xiao still got drunk.
After drinking, Luo Zheng returned to his residence and used the Purple Sandalwood Genuine Qi to circulate in his body, gradually dissolving the drunkenness in his body.
He had gained quite a lot from this trip to the Dragon Castle.
Not only did the Blade Bug's crystal core exceed Luo Zheng's expectations, but he also unexpectedly obtained a Fire Scorpion's crystal core. Moreover, his body was also promoted to a Spiritual Tool Body under the smelting of the Earth Core Fire.
Sitting on the bed, Luo Zheng turned his hand and took out the two short halberds of the Black and White Double Ghosts from his ring.
These two short halberds, one black and one white, were Upper Grade Xuan Weapons. Although one of the halberds was cut into two by the broken dagger, it shouldn't have any effect. Anyway, it was going to be smelted into Molten Iron Essence.
He sat upright on the bed and communicated with the furnace in his body. The black fire rolled out and smelted the two short halberds into Molten Iron Essence in a flash.
According to Luo Zheng's inference, this short halberd should be able to smelt five drops of Molten Iron Essence. Two halberds should be able to smelt about ten drops.
But to Luo Zheng's surprise, after the two short halberds were smelted by the black fire, they actually produced fifteen drops of Molten Iron Essence!
Luo Zheng was completely confused about how much Molten Iron Essence could be smelted from a Xuan Weapon. However, the higher the grade, the more Molten Iron Essence could be smelted. This should be true.
What Luo Zheng didn't know was that if this pair of short halberds were used together, their power would be comparable to an Immortal Weapon. Unfortunately, before the Black and White Double Ghosts could use the short halberds to attack, one of them had been killed by Luo Zheng. Therefore, the short halberds' power simply couldn't be brought into play.
The fifteen drops of Molten Iron Essence were sucked into his mind by the black fire. After a while, the sculpture of Qinglong lit up with a burst of light. Three more dragon scales were lit up, emitting a dark green light.
At this moment, seven dragon scales on the sculpture of Qinglong had been lit up. Luo Zheng's power had increased by a lot.
But now, Luo Zheng realized that his shortcoming wasn't in his power, but in his realm!
Compared to those hedonistic nobles, Luo Zheng could be said to be on the opposite end of the spectrum.
Those nobles who were too lazy to cultivate often relied on all kinds of magic pills and miraculous medicines. Whether it was in terms of power or actual combat experience, there was a huge gap between them and Luo Zheng. However, Luo Zheng was the opposite. His power now far exceeded his peers, but his realm was too low. He was only in the Marrow Refining Realm.
But Luo Zheng was also somewhat helpless. The improvement of one's realm depended on the accumulation of time, one step at a time, to build a solid foundation.
He had only been in the Blue Cloud Sect for a little more than a month. In this one month, his realm had risen from the Viscera Refining Realm to the Marrow Refining Realm. This speed was already quite terrifying. During this period of experience in the Dragon Castle, Luo Zheng felt that the marrow in the depths of his bones had become much purer. He was faintly moving towards the peak of the Marrow Refining Realm.
However, within the Blue Cloud Sect, there were experts in large numbers. The Marrow Refining Realm really wasn't enough.
From the looks of it, after returning to the Blue Cloud Sect and visiting Luo Yan in Purgatory Mountain, he had to find a way to take a few more beatings. This way, the warm streams could quickly cleanse his body and raise his realm.
If he really couldn't find anyone, spending a bit of crystal to hire someone to beat him up wasn't a bad choice either …
Luo Zheng's imagination ran wild for an entire night.
The next day, Lu Xiao brought a few soldiers from Green Mist Squad to see him off.
As an imperial army's centurion, Lu Xiao didn't receive much. He only gave him some good wine to express his sincerity.
Luo Zheng accepted the wine. After expressing his thanks, he got on the giant flying carriage.
Several hours later, the giant flying carriage returned to the Blue Cloud Sect.
When he passed by that Purgatory Mountain that towered into the clouds, Luo Zheng's heart began to beat faintly.
The reason he participated in the Blade Bug hunting mission was to accumulate points. Meanwhile, the reason he accumulated points was to enter Purgatory Mountain.
When he thought about how he would be able to meet Luo Yan before long, how could he not be excited?
When the giant flying carriage slowly stopped on the Green Sky Platform, Luo Zheng and the other disciples who returned to the Blue Cloud Sect filed out. Then, Luo Zheng quickly ran towards Xiao Yufeng.
Luo Zheng received the mission from Instructor Su, so he should also look for Instructor Su to hand in the mission.
Luo Zheng was thinking about this along the way. However, when he climbed up Xiao Yufeng's Central Peak, which was also the outer sect disciples' cultivation area, he discovered that all of the outer sect disciples were gathered together. They all had nervous expressions as they discussed something.
"Zhou Xian, Mo Can, what are you all doing here? Why are all of the outer sect disciples gathered together? "Luo Zheng asked in bewilderment.
When Zhou Xian and Mo Can saw Luo Zheng, their eyes immediately lit up.
"Luo Zheng, you sneaked down the mountain and disappeared for half a month. Are you fooling around in the capital?" Zhou Xian said with a smile.
"Brother Luo Zheng, he's not that kind of person. Perhaps he had some urgent matter to attend to?" Mo Can shook his head. His strength was lacking, but he was quite good at judging people.
＝＝＝＝＝

Chapter 65
When Luo Zheng left the Blue Cloud Sect, he didn't tell them that he had accepted the mission.
Therefore, they didn't know that he had disappeared for a while.
"It's a long story. Let's talk about it later. What's going on with Xiao Yufeng today? Why is everyone gathered here? "Luo Zheng looked not far away.
After entering the Blue Cloud Sect, many people wholeheartedly practiced martial arts and couldn't wait to improve their strength. Some disciples rarely left the practice area except for eating. Today, almost all of them came out. In Luo Zheng's impression, this kind of situation was rare.
"Brother Luo Zheng, while you were away, our Xiao Yufeng got into trouble!" Mo Can explained, "But this matter has nothing to do with us. After all, we can't get involved in their dispute."
"Trouble? What kind of trouble? " Luo Zheng was a little surprised. Although Xiao Yufeng was the last of the 33 peaks of the Blue Cloud Sect, it was still in the Blue Cloud Sect. Who would dare to cause trouble?
Seeing Luo Zheng's puzzled look, Zhou Xian added, "A few days ago, our Xiao Yufeng's disciples had a conflict with the disciples of Vulture Peak. The matter was directly reported to the mentors of their respective peaks. Therefore, the mentors of Vulture Peak challenged our Xiao Yufeng."
"Challenge? Isn't it only possible for disciples to challenge each other? "Luo Zheng still didn't understand.
Zhou Xian faintly smiled and continued, "Challenges can also be initiated between mountain peaks. Within the entire Azure Cloud Sect, there are all sorts of competitions and rankings. In addition to the Peak Grand Competition that is held every three years and the annual Inner and Outer Sect Trial, there are also challenges that can be initiated between mountain peaks. For example, this time, Vulture Peak challenged our Little Rain Peak. As long as the instructors on both sides agreed, all Outer Sect disciples can participate."
"Dong dong dong dong!"
Just as Zhou Xian was talking, the sound of drums came from the arena.
Many of the outer disciples heard the sound of the drum and rushed towards the ring.
Seeing this, Zhou Xian said, "Brother Luo Zheng, today's challenge is about to begin. Let's go through it as we go!"
On the way to the arena, Luo Zheng roughly understood the rules of the challenge.
It turned out that the original intention of the Blue Cloud Sect to set up this rule was to encourage the disciples of each mountain to compete with each other and to encourage the disciples to improve quickly.
This kind of challenge between mountain peaks did not only exist between outer sect disciples. Inner sect disciples also had similar competitions. However, this time, it was between the outer sect disciples of Vulture Peak and Xiao Yufeng's outer sect disciples.
According to Zhou Xian, this challenge was something that Vulture Peak had been planning for a long time. First, they used a few outer sect disciples to stir up trouble, then blew the matter up. In the end, the mentors from both sides would come forward and end the dispute with a mountain challenge.
As for the 24th ranked Vulture Peak, why did they look for Xiao Yufeng?
The fundamental reason was that they had picked the soft persimmon to pinch.
Xiao Yufeng's comprehensive strength was ranked last. Almost everyone bullied him.
Once the "mountain challenge" was won, Xiao Yufeng's entire outer sect salary, elixirs, and so on would all go to Vulture Peak.
It was reasonable to say that Xiao Yufeng's mentors would not accept challenges from other mountains if they knew that they were no match for them. As for why they accepted Vulture Peak's challenge, Zhou Xian did not know the inside story.
Luo Zheng, Mo Can, Zhou Xian, and the others followed the outer sect disciples into the ring.
Because the mountain challenge involved the welfare of almost all the outer sect disciples, almost all the outer sect disciples came. Compared to the last challenge between Luo Zheng and Yang Lie, the number of people who came to watch was two or three times more. Although the space around the ring was very spacious, it was still crowded with so many people squeezing in.
Xiao Yufeng's outer sect disciples were not the only ones who came to watch the fight.
There were also some black-robed disciples scattered around. Even the rarely seen inner sect disciples of Xiao Yufeng came to watch the fight.
Inner sect disciples were not allowed to participate in the challenge. Even if the outer sect disciples lost, it would not affect the inner sect disciples. However, this kind of mountain challenge was related to Xiao Yufeng's glory. These inner sect disciples still paid some attention to it.
When Luo Zheng found a place and looked up, he saw that the one standing on the ring was Zhang Wuxian.
"Hey, why is Brother Wuxian on the ring?" Luo Zheng asked in puzzlement.
Zhou Xian explained, "Vulture Peak's challenge has already been fought three times. Xiao Yufeng sent out three people. They are Chen Hao, who is ranked 16th in the outer sect, Zheng Xialong, who is ranked 13th, and Xu Jiuxi, who is ranked 9th. They lost all three battles. Therefore, it is Brother Wuxian's turn this time."
Hearing this, Luo Zheng understood that Xiao Yufeng's situation was not optimistic.
Luo Zheng did not care about Xiao Yufeng's monthly elixirs. Those elixirs were of limited use to Luo Zheng. Luo Zheng probably did not care about the monthly elixirs. However, as a member of Xiao Yufeng, he was also a member of this group. If there was a chance for him to contribute, Luo Zheng would welcome it.
"It's starting, it's starting. That Tian Yi from Vulture Peak has consecutively defeated three people from Xiao Yufeng. I don't know if Zhang Wuxian can withstand it!"
"Ai, it's hard to say. Zhang Wuxian's strength is indeed not bad. So what if he defeats Tian Yi? With Tian Yi's strength, he is only ranked 16th in Vulture Peak. If Zhang Wuxian defeats Tian Yi, Vulture Peak will definitely send out someone with a higher ranking. I don't know how our Xiao Yufeng will respond. "
Xiao Yufeng's outer sect disciples discussed animatedly. It was obvious that they were not optimistic about this mountain's challenge.
In the midst of this discussion, Luo Zheng saw another person jump onto the stage. That person was thin and six feet tall. His whole body was like a bamboo pole. He should be the Tian Yi that everyone was talking about.
As soon as Tian Yi stepped onto the stage, he looked around at Xiao Yufeng's outer sect disciples. There was a hint of disdain in his eyes. Then, he fixed his gaze on Zhang Wuxian and said with a smile, "Is there no one else in Xiao Yufeng? They actually sent a fatty up? "
"Hua —"
Challenging other mountain peaks meant standing on other people's territory. Under normal circumstances, even if they were sure to win, they would still keep a low profile.
After all, if they provoked public anger and really angered the outer sect disciples of other mountain peaks, they might swarm up and attack them together. That would be bad luck. Even if the Blue Cloud Sect's rules were strict, the law could not punish the majority. If Tian Yi was beaten to death, it would be a wrongful death.
Who would have thought that after Tian Yi won three rounds in a row, he would become more and more arrogant. Xiao Yufeng's outer sect disciples heard his words and immediately cursed.
Tian Yi did not show the slightest fear. He stood at the edge of the stage and shouted loudly, "What are you all shouting for? If you have the guts, come up to the stage and challenge me. Your Master Tian is right here. If one comes, I will beat one. If ten come, I will beat ten. Your Xiao Yufeng's trash has always been ranked last. I think it's better for you to be removed from the 33 peaks! "
Hearing Tian Yi's words, Luo Zheng frowned. Xiao Yufeng's outer sect disciples cursed even louder. It seemed that the situation was about to get out of control.
At this moment, Zhang Wuxian, who had been smiling and not speaking, suddenly waved his hand.
His face, which had always been smiling, was now incomparably serious. There was not the slightest trace of a smile on his face. This kind of calm expression appearing on a fatty's face was a very strange thing.
Zhang Wuxian's move suddenly stunned the whole scene.
After all, Zhang Wuxian was ranked seventh among the outer sect disciples.
Zhang Wuxian was very easy to get along with and did not put on airs. He had not offended anyone in Xiao Yufeng.
Such a person's sense of existence was generally very low.
But everyone knew that the strength hidden under that fat body was astonishingly powerful.
Some of the more experienced outer sect disciples still remembered that when Zhang Wuxian first entered Xiao Yufeng's outer sect, some people felt that Zhang Wuxian was weak and easy to bully. They all went to find trouble with him. In the end, they were easily defeated by Zhang Wuxian.
Only then did everyone understand that this seemingly harmless fatty was definitely a ruthless character.
Zhang Wuxian's strength was stable and deep. He was ranked seventh.
But many people guessed that Zhang Wuxian was definitely hiding his strength. If Zhang Wuxian worked a little harder, it would not be much of a problem for him to enter Xiao Yufeng's outer sect top five.
"Tian Yi, the challenge between the peaks is a very common competition within the Blue Cloud Sect. Your words are too much," Zhang Wuxian said with a cold face.
This was also because Zhang Wuxian's temper was good. If it was someone else standing in front of Tian Yi, they would probably be cursing and beating him. How could they be as tactful as Zhang Wuxian? In reality, those who knew Zhang Wuxian already understood that Zhang Wuxian was actually very angry. It was just that his way of being angry was different from normal people.
Tian Yi did not notice Zhang Wuxian's anger at all. He shook his head with a face full of ridicule. "So what if it's too much? What did I say wrong? If Xiao Yufeng has no one else, then just admit defeat. Then our people from Vulture Peak can receive the reward. Now that you have no one else, you actually sent a fatty up. You really disappoint me. "
"Whether I'm disappointed or not, we can talk about it after the competition. You're wasting your breath like a sissy. Vulture Peak is just so-so," Zhang Wuxian replied, shaking his head.
"Sissy?" Tian Yi laughed. "Good, then let's try. I'll let you know that you've lost!"
Then Tian Yi clenched his hands. Layers of brown Zhen Qi burst out from his body. Tian Yi let out a low shout and slapped the brown Zhen Qi into the ground of the arena.
"Divine Wood Spike!"
"Bang bang!"
Seeing this scene, Luo Zheng raised his eyebrows slightly. This Tian Yi's Zhen Qi seemed to have a strong affinity. He could actually slap Zhen Qi into the arena made of gold and iron.
Then he saw a brown light surge under Zhang Wuxian's feet. Suddenly, two brown wooden stakes appeared under Zhang Wuxian's feet.
After all, Tian Yi was only half a step into the Xiantian realm. The "Divine Wood Spike" formed by Zhen Qi still had some shadows and was not completely real. If Tian Yi was a Xiantian lifeform, then what rose from the ground at this moment should be pieces of real "Divine Wood".

Chapter 66
Everyone's impression of the fatty was that his reactions were slow and his movements were slow.
But at this moment, Zhang Wuxian broke everyone's impression.
Zhang Wuxian's fat body was like a ghost, shuttling back and forth on the arena, nimbly avoiding Tian Yi's "Divine Wood Spikes."
Every time a Divine Wood Spike appeared under Zhang Wuxian's feet, Zhang Wuxian would move to the side in an instant.
Tian Yi violently struck the ground more than ten times in a row, and more than ten Divine Wood Spikes continuously shot out from the ground, but not a single Divine Wood Spike hit its mark.
After Zhang Wuxian moved more than ten times, his fat body stood in front of Tian Yi. His fat face regained its usual smile, but that smile was full of ridicule. "It seems like you don't need to use these three axes anymore?"
Hearing Zhang Wuxian's words, Zhou Xian explained to Luo Zheng, "This Tian Yi actually doesn't have much ability. He relies on these strange Divine Wood Spikes, which constantly shoot out from the ground and are very difficult to dodge. Our previous three consecutive defeats were all because of this move of Tian Yi's. That's why Brother Wuxian said so."
Luo Zheng nodded.
Tian Yi's cultivation method was indeed good. If one were to make a comparison, Tian Yi's attacking method was a bit similar to He Tiancheng's. They both poured their True Qi into the ground and launched a surprise attack from the ground. Of course, He Tiancheng's strength was definitely a hundred times stronger than Tian Yi's.
This kind of surprise attack was indeed effective.
However, the biggest taboo for a martial artist when facing an enemy was to dominate the world with one move.
Because once your move was seen through by the opponent, you would be in a very passive position.
Tian Yi had used this move in three consecutive arena matches. Many of Xiao Yufeng's outer sect disciples had also seen it and naturally pondered over a way to counter it.
Luo Zheng noticed that there was a faint layer of yellow light flickering under Zhang Wuxian's feet. He quickly understood how to restrain it.
There were several ways to break the Divine Wood Spike. If Luo Zheng and Zhang Wuxian were in each other's shoes, he could rely on his brute force and tyrannical body to directly crush the Divine Wood Spike.
However, Zhang Wuxian obviously used a more flexible method. He poured his own Zhen Qi into the ground beneath his feet. As long as the Zhen Qi beneath his feet changed in the slightest, he would quickly move to the side. In this way, as long as Tian Yi slapped the ground, Zhang Wuxian would be able to sense the direction of Tian Yi's attack, and naturally be able to easily avoid it.
When Tian Yi saw that the fatty was so agile and that his attack was completely ineffective, he panicked. His arrogance from before was swept away.
"Die for me!" Tian Yi clapped his hands and pointed at Zhang Wuxian. "Divine Wood Spike!"
More than ten brown Zhen Qi vortexes formed around Tian Yi's body. As soon as those Zhen Qi vortexes appeared, Divine Wood Spikes emerged from them and fiercely stabbed at Zhang Wuxian.
"Pssst pssst pssst pssst …"
Divine Wood Spikes were constantly produced. Not only did they emerge from the arena's ground, but many of them also shot at Zhang Wuxian from the air.
However, Zhang Wuxian's body was like a butterfly fluttering in a storm. He dodged left and right, completely avoiding those Divine Wood Spikes.
"It's useless, it's useless. I've already seen through your crappy move," Zhang Wuxian said with a smile as he dodged.
After avoiding the last Divine Wood Spike, Zhang Wuxian's speed suddenly increased. He rushed in front of Tian Yi and smashed his chubby fist directly into Tian Yi's face.
At this moment, Zhang Wu Xian's chubby fists were bursting with immense power.
With one punch, he sent Tian Yi flying out of the arena and falling outside the arena.
The place where Tian Yi fell was originally densely packed with Xiao Yufeng's outer sect disciples. However, the moment he flew out, the people in that area instantly opened up a space for Tian Yi to land heavily on the ground.
"Awesome! Zhang Wuxian! "
"Fatty Zhang is too awesome. He beat this kid into a pig's head with one punch!"
Xiao Yufeng's outer sect disciples were in an uproar at this moment, cheering one after another.
There were a total of twenty people from Vulture Peak who came to challenge. Seeing that Tian Yi had been defeated, the leader of Vulture Peak said with a dark face, "Quickly go and help Tian Yi over here."
Then two more outer sect disciples from Vulture Peak came over and helped Tian Yi over to the group of people from Vulture Peak. What was surprising was that not only was Tian Yi's face smashed beyond recognition by Zhang Wuxian, his white outer sect disciple robe was also full of black footprints.
There was no need to think about it. It must have been because Tian Yi had fallen to the ground just now and Xiao Yufeng's disciples had all kicked him.
Zhang Wuxian stood on the arena and saluted the people from Vulture Peak. "According to the rules of the peak challenge, each outer sect disciple can send out five people to fight. Who will be next?"
"Hehehe." From the group of people from Vulture Peak, there was suddenly a soft laugh. A short man walked out from the crowd and jumped onto the arena. He said in a shrill voice, "Actually, I thought that Tian Yi would be able to last two rounds at most before being defeated by Xiao Yufeng. I didn't expect that with his level, he would be able to fight to the fourth round. Your Xiao Yufeng is even worse than I thought."
Zhang Wuxian frowned and asked, "Will you be the one to fight this round? May I ask your name? What is your ranking on Vulture Peak? "
The short man laughed again and said in a shrill voice, "The loser has no right to ask for my name. You want to know my name? Beat me first! "
"In that case, I, Zhang Wuxian, have no choice but to ask for advice!" After Zhang Wuxian finished speaking, he stretched out his hand. Vital energy flashed under his feet and his body began to move nimbly again.
Zhang Wuxian practiced a relatively special cultivation method. The vital energy produced seemed to be able to greatly increase Zhang Wuxian's speed and reaction ability.
In Luo Zheng's opinion, when Zhang Wuxian was fighting against Tian Yi, he should have held back. Now that he was facing the short man, he was going all out. His speed was greatly increased, and as he moved, he left behind a trail of afterimages behind his fat body.
"You want to compete in speed with me? What a joke! "As soon as the short man's voice fell, he also moved.
The short man's speed was actually much faster than Zhang Wuxian's!
Fighting speed with speed!
On the arena, a short figure and a fat figure were constantly intertwining and rushing forward.
This kind of fighting rhythm was so fast that it made the spectators breathless!
Some of the weaker ones, such as Mo Can, who was an outer disciple of the Bone Refining Stage, were already dazzled. They could not see the situation on the arena clearly, so naturally, they did not know who had the upper hand.
Luo Zheng stared at the arena with a deep frown on his face.
The situation was very unfavorable for Zhang Wuxian.
Although the short man was also a half-step Xiantian, his strength was strong. Whether it was his speed or strength, he was much better than Zhang Wuxian.
If this continued, Zhang Wuxian might be defeated.
"Bang!"
"Puff!"
"Ka!"
This kind of speed competition did not last long.
Just as Luo Zheng expected, Zhang Wuxian was careless and was circled behind by the short man. The short man clasped his hands together and pressed his thumbs together. Vital energy condensed on his hands and he pointed at Zhang Wuxian's back.
"Bang!"
This point hit Zhang Wuxian's back and a huge power erupted. Zhang Wuxian's fat body was like a weightless kite, flying out of the arena.
Seeing this, Luo Zheng's figure flashed out like a ghost. He stretched out his hand and held Zhang Wuxian's body. A few hundred kilograms of weight fell on Luo Zheng's hand as if it was nothing. He easily held it.
Although Luo Zheng relieved Zhang Wuxian's falling force, the short man's finger still injured Zhang Wuxian.
"Puff!"
A mouthful of blood spurted out from Zhang Wuxian's mouth. His usually smiling face was now as pale as a dead man.
"Brother Wuxian, are you okay?" Luo Zheng put Zhang Wuxian flat on the ground and asked in a low voice.
After Zhang Wuxian spat out the blood in his mouth, he cursed, "Fuck, it hurts! I feel like two of my ribs are broken. "After Zhang Wuxian cursed, he noticed that the person holding him was Luo Zheng. Only then did he react and his face lit up with joy." Hey, Luo Zheng! You've finally come back after disappearing for so many days? "
Luo Zheng nodded. Then, he took out a medicinal pill from his sumeru ring and gave it to Zhang Wuxian. "Don't talk for now. Take care of your body first. We'll talk about my matter later."
At this moment, the short man on the arena laughed shrilly. "Your Xiao Yufeng has one last chance. I wonder who you want to send out to die?"
In this kind of challenge between mountain peaks, under normal circumstances, each side would send out five people to participate in the competition.
For this challenge, Xiao Yufeng had already sent out four people, and all of them had been defeated. Therefore, Xiao Yufeng only had one last chance.
"What should we do? This is our last chance? Let the fourth-ranked Guo Ziyao go up? "
"Why don't we send Zuo Tao! Zuo Tao's strength is above Guo Ziyao. "
"I think we should send Hao Shige. Hao Shige will definitely be able to defeat those guys from Vulture Peak!"
"Hao Shige does have the strength, but he's in seclusion now. How can he fight? The other side must have known this, so they chose to challenge him now. I don't know why our mountain's mentors agreed to this challenge! "
Hao Shige was Xiao Yufeng's number one outer disciple. He was also the strongest outer disciple.
It was said that Hao Shige was breaking through to the Xiantian stage, so he was in seclusion. Naturally, he couldn't come out to fight.
"How about it? Xiao Yufeng is such a coward? No one dares to fight anymore! If no one dares to come up, then Xiao Yufeng will admit defeat. But actually, it doesn't matter whether they send people or not. They'll lose anyway. Hahaha! "The short man's voice was shrill to begin with, so his sinister laughter was very ear-piercing.

Chapter 67
At this moment, all of Xiao Yufeng's outer sect disciples were somewhat depressed.
Xiao Yufeng was so big, yet they couldn't find anyone suitable to fight.
Luo Zheng's voice wasn't loud, but it was very penetrating. Everyone present heard it clearly.
"What? Luo Zheng wants to fight? "
"How can that be? Although he defeated Xu Lie, Xu Lie is only ranked 30th in the outer sect. What right does he have to fight? "
"It's over, it's over. If I lose this mountain challenge, I won't have any pills for next month. How am I going to cultivate?"
The outer sanctum disciples of Rain Peak started to howl in grief.
The short man standing in the arena stared at Luo Zheng. The mocking expression on his face became even more intense. "You? A little guy in the Marrow Refining Realm? Hahaha … No problem, I accept your challenge. But don't expect me to show mercy! "
The challenges between the mountains had always been fought by the most elite disciples of each mountain. At the very least, they would be in the top 30 of their respective outer sect disciples.
And among those who could enter the top 20 of each mountain, who hadn't stepped into the half-step Xiantian Realm?
Now that a guy in the Marrow Refining Realm had popped out, the group of people from Vulture Peak was undoubtedly shocked.
"Hehe, Xiao Yufeng gave up so quickly. They actually sent a kid in the Marrow Refining Realm to the arena."
"He'll probably become the laughingstock of the Blue Cloud Sect. Originally, I was a little afraid of Xiao Yufeng's Hao Shige. Now it seems that this fear is completely unnecessary."
"It was originally unnecessary. So what if Hao Shige isn't in seclusion? Our Senior Brother Liu Cunshi will lose to Hao Shige? What a joke! "
Although there weren't many people from Vulture Peak, their morale was high. In their hearts, Xiao Yufeng had no one left. That was why they sent a kid in the Marrow Refining Realm to make up the numbers.
In fact, it wasn't just the people from Vulture Peak who thought so. Even Xiao Yufeng's outer sect disciples thought so.
However, at this time, there was no one in Xiao Yufeng who was suitable to enter the arena.
Hao Shige, who was ranked first, was in seclusion. As for the few people who were ranked before Zhang Wuxian, they were cowering like turtles, not daring to go on stage.
It wasn't that they couldn't do anything to the man in the ring. Even if they could defeat him, there were still other powerful experts on Vulture Peak.
If he rashly went up the stage, not only would he be humiliated after being defeated, it would be even worse if he was seriously injured.
Therefore, Xiao Yufeng's top disciples were all hiding in a corner, unwilling to make a sound. As for Luo Zheng's defeat, there was nothing they could do about it. In any case, Xiao Yufeng had already lost more than half of the battle, so they didn't mind losing completely.
In short, they were already scared before the battle even started.
Step by step, Luo Zheng slowly walked up the stage, staring at the short man in front of him.
Luo Zheng had already seen the scene of the battle with Zhang Wuxian. This short man's biggest characteristic was his extremely fast speed. Purely in terms of speed, Luo Zheng estimated that he was slightly inferior, but in terms of strength …
With a confident smile on his face, Luo Zheng cupped his hands towards the short man. "I heard you say to Zhang Wuxian that I can only know your name if I defeat you?"
The short man let out an ear-piercing laugh. "Haha, I'm afraid you'll never know my name!"
Luo Zheng shook his head. "Whether I know or not, I'm afraid we'll have to fight to know!"
"Haha, Xiao Yufeng is really baffling. A brat in the Marrow Refining Stage actually dares to talk to me like that! I originally planned to teach you a lesson and kick you out of the stage, but now I'll take back that plan. I want you to understand how big the gap is between the Marrow Refining Stage and the Half-step Xiantian Realm! "
After the short man finished speaking, his figure disappeared like a gust of wind, fiercely rushing towards Luo Zheng.
"Peng!"
Just as the short man was halfway through his dash, Luo Zheng took a step forward. His fist had already accurately smashed into the short man's face.
The seven dragon scales in Luo Zheng's mind emitted a dark green radiance. An extremely terrifying force was transferred to Luo Zheng's body. Combined with Luo Zheng's own strength, the power of this punch was terrifying!
The short man's momentum was even more violent than his momentum. He flew back more than a hundred feet, smashing half of the side wall of the stage. Then, he was buried under the bricks. It was unknown whether he was dead or alive.
"I also want to know how big the gap is between the Marrow Refining Stage and the Half-step Xiantian Realm … Also, I'm really not interested in knowing your name …" Luo Zheng said indifferently as he moved his wrist.
Silence. A deathly silence.
The originally noisy stage was now completely silent. Everyone's mouth was wide open, as if they could swallow a basin in one gulp.
Mo Can's eyes sparkled. Although he was looking forward to Luo Zheng's strength and believed that Luo Zheng could defeat the short man, he had not expected that Luo Zheng would only use one punch.
Defeating a Half-step Xiantian Realm expert only required one punch!
Everyone's eyes flashed with astonishment.
Even the black-robed inner court disciples on Little Rain Peak who had come to watch the battle revealed looks of astonishment at this moment.
"Senior Brother Yu Quan, what do you think of this kid's strength?" a black-robed disciple asked.
The black-robed disciple named Yu Quan said cautiously, "He's only at the Marrow Refining Stage, but he's able to explode with such power. It won't be long before he becomes an inner disciple … No, it's not just about him becoming an inner disciple. Haha, if he becomes a Xiantian Realm lifeform, Su Yantian will have to give up his position as the number one inner disciple …"
"So powerful?" the black-robed disciple asked, his eyes wide open.
Yu Quan shook his head. "I can't judge this kid's strength with just one punch. However, I think this kid has more tricks up his sleeve. Maybe … you and I aren't his match?"
"You're saying that we're not his match?" The black-robed disciple's face was full of disbelief. "We've all become Xiantian Realm lifeforms and can use our yuan qi. Our attack methods are far from what a Marrow Refining Stage cultivator can compare to. How can he …"
"I don't know either." Yu Quan shook his head. "I just have this feeling."
"Wow —"
After a few breaths of silence, all the outer disciples on Xiao Yufeng finally recovered from their shock and started cheering.
The strength that Luo Zheng had displayed was far beyond their imagination.
However, these outer disciples were also very clear that although they were cheering, it didn't mean that Luo Zheng would win the entire competition.
This was because Luo Zheng still had to face three experts from Vulture Peak. Presumably, each of them was stronger than the last.
However, Luo Zheng's appearance had saved a lot of face for Xiao Yufeng. Although Xiao Yufeng was ranked last, as disciples of Xiao Yufeng, everyone still valued this collective face very much.
To be able to stand out at a time like this required a lot of courage.
At this moment, the twenty or so people from Vulture Peak had very ugly expressions.
They sent out three or four people to squeeze through the crowd and drag the short man out of the broken bricks and tiles, carrying him back to their camp. However, Xiao Yufeng's disciples were also playing tricks in the dark, deliberately pushing back and forth. It took them a lot of effort to carry the short man back.
Luo Zheng walked along the edge of the arena and said to the people from Vulture Peak, "Who else from Vulture Peak?"
Who else?
Although Luo Zheng's tone was flat, his words were very domineering.
I, Luo Zheng, have already killed one. Who else is next?
Compared to Tian Yi and the short man's mocking words, this sentence was much more powerful!
The words "who else?" were like a powerful slap to the other party's face.
"Humph, a Refining Marrow Stage cultivator dares to be so arrogant. I'll challenge you!"
A person from Vulture Peak walked out. That person was tall and sturdy. His muscles were tight and firm, and his white robe was tightly stretched.
The brawny man leaped up like an iron tower and crashed into the arena. When his feet landed on the arena, the brawny man deliberately operated his Zhen Qi. Under this stomp, the brawny man actually caused the arena made of fine iron to cave in. The entire arena suddenly shook and issued a loud rumbling sound. His imposing manner was astonishing. This was a deliberate show off.
"My name is Hu Tie! I'm ranked ninth on Vulture Peak! " Although this burly man liked to show off, he had a straightforward personality. He wasn't like the short man who liked to make sarcastic remarks.
Since Hu Tie was so polite, Luo Zheng also cupped his hands. "Luo Zheng. I'm Xiao Yufeng. I don't have a ranking right now."
"You don't have a ranking right now?" Hu Tie was slightly surprised. He immediately understood. This kid was only in the Refining Marrow Stage. He probably just entered Xiao Yufeng not long ago. It was normal that he didn't have a ranking. "In that case, we can begin!"
Soon after, the brawny man roared as he circulated all the True Qi in his body. His sturdy muscles suddenly swelled up by more than one fold.
"Pop, pop, pop, pop!"
His snow-white outer sect disciple robe was torn apart by his muscles. The sound of cloth tearing could be heard. At this moment, Hu Tie looked like a small giant standing on the arena. Just by looking at his body, one could feel his terrifying explosive power.
When the outer sect disciples on Xiao Yufeng saw this scene, they immediately broke out in cold sweat for Luo Zheng.
Vulture Peak's foundation was indeed much stronger than Xiao Yufeng's.
The one who had just been defeated by Luo Zheng looked even more powerful. Moreover, this Hu Tie was only ranked ninth on Vulture Peak. Just how strong was the number one outer sect disciple on Vulture Peak?
"I, Hu Tie, don't have anything else, but I have great strength. If I can't control my strength, I'm afraid I can slap your body into a pulp. You should think about it. I can make you admit defeat!" Hu Tie said seriously.
Luo Zheng carefully observed Hu Tie's expression. This Hu Tie's expression didn't seem to be fake. He wanted Luo Zheng to admit defeat. It was indeed for Luo Zheng's sake.
"Thank you for your kindness, but there's no need." Luo Zheng said with a smile.
"If that's the case, then you should be careful!" Hu Tie took a deep breath. His entire body was like a wild ancient beast as he rushed towards Luo Zheng.
"Bang, bang, bang …"
Hu Tie's fat body stepped on the arena, making a huge sound.
As the saying goes, one strong person can defeat ten skilled people. Hu Tie's attack didn't have any fancy moves or feints. He wanted to rely on pure strength to crush Luo Zheng.
＝＝＝＝＝

Chapter 68
"Get out of the way, get out of the way! If you get hit by this beast-like guy, I'm afraid all the bones in your body will be broken! "
"Is Luo Zheng in a daze? Or does he want to compete with Hu Tie in terms of strength? "
"Alas, Luo Zheng has such strength in the Marrow Refining Realm. He has a bright future ahead of him, but this time he's in a bit of a rush. If he is crippled by Hu Tie, I'm afraid such an enchanting person will die prematurely!"
The strength of the outer sect disciples on Xiao Yufeng's platform is not good, but there is no lack of knowledgeable disciples. They know very well what kind of glory a disciple with such strength in the Marrow Refining Realm will have in the future. Because of this, they feel even more sorry for Luo Zheng.
Facing Hu Tie's attack, Luo Zheng still stubbornly sticks out his fist.
It's still a punch.
Seven dragon scales erupt with a terrifying power. Using the body of a Spirit Tool, Luo Zheng's punch hits Hu Tie's sturdiest part: the shoulder.
Hu Tie originally planned to use his shoulder to hit Luo Zheng. When Luo Zheng sticks out his fist, Hu Tie doesn't dodge, but directly hits the fist.
Hu Tie estimates that if this fist hits his shoulder, Luo Zheng's arm will probably break inch by inch.
But when Hu Tie's shoulder hits Luo Zheng's fist, his face suddenly changes color.
From Luo Zheng's fist comes a power even greater than his.
If Hu Tie's power is like an enraged beast, vigorous and heavy, with the strength to pull up a mountain, then Hu Tie's power is like Luo Zheng's.
But Luo Zheng's power is like the sea, vast and boundless, unfathomable.
"Bang!"
The moment the two powers collide, the winner is immediately decided.
Luo Zheng's punch consumes all of Hu Tie's impact. At the same time, a huge rebound force is transmitted to Hu Tie's body, causing him to retreat more than ten steps.
Hu Tie wants to stop himself, but Luo Zheng's power is endless. Soon, Hu Tie retreats to the edge of the arena. He steps on air and falls off the arena.
Another punch.
Just one punch.
In terms of strength against strength, Luo Zheng won completely.
Xiao Yufeng's disciples felt like their hearts were about to jump out of their chests.
Luo Zheng's performance today could be said to have completely subverted some of their perceptions of this world.
Now, Luo Zheng's performance could no longer be described as outstanding. If it had to be described, it could only be described as "monstrous."
Who would have thought that Hu Tie, who was known for his great strength, would also be knocked out of the ring by Luo Zheng with a single punch? What's more, Luo Zheng didn't use any tricks. Instead, he used an even more domineering force to counterattack.
Luo Zheng continued to move his arms and asked the people of Vulture Peak with an indifferent expression, "Who else?"
Hu Tie's skin was rough and his flesh was thick. Although he was knocked off the stage by Luo Zheng's punch, he wasn't injured at all. The expression on his face was very stubborn. He was still unconvinced. "Wait a minute, I wasn't prepared just now. I didn't expect your strength to be so great! I want to try again! "
"According to the rules of the challenge, you've already lost when you fell off the stage. Next." Luo Zheng shook his head. He had just returned to Xiao Yufeng today. What he wanted was to end the battle quickly. Naturally, he wouldn't agree to Hu Tie's request.
Subsequently, Vulture Peak sent out another person.
In two consecutive rounds, Luo Zheng defeated his opponent with only one punch.
This undoubtedly gave the outer sect disciples of Vulture Peak a great deal of pressure.
Although Luo Zheng was only at the Marrow Refining stage, the people of Vulture Peak had already completely stopped looking down on him.
Luo Zheng didn't rely on tricks or luck. Instead, he defeated Hu Tie with his true strength. This already proved that Luo Zheng's strength far surpassed his peers.
After the fourth person from Vulture Peak entered the ring, he was very cautious.
Unfortunately, Luo Zheng still didn't give him a chance.
Once again, he sent Vulture Peak's fourth challenger flying off the stage with one punch.
At the sight of this blood-boiling scene, all of the Little Rain Peak disciples present were unable to use words to describe their feelings. They could only shout with all their might. It was as if this was the only way to express their excitement.
A thousand feet away from the arena, there were two women standing on top of a small building, watching everything that was happening on the other side.
These two women were both outstanding beauties. They were devastatingly beautiful.
"Instructor Su, I'm going to die because of you! You asked me to lead some people to spur the outer sect disciples of Xiao Yufeng. Without another word, I led the elites of Vulture Peak here. Who knew that such a monster would appear on your peak … "The woman who spoke was surnamed Mu. Her name was Mu Qingyang. She was one of the instructors of Vulture Peak.
The challenge this time was actually arranged by these two mentors.
In order to motivate their disciples to train diligently and painstakingly, these instructors had practically used all the methods they could think of.
Wasn't the challenge of the peak a very effective method?
If Xiao Yufeng was defeated, it might affect the mood of these outer sect disciples, but it would make them understand that they had to work harder in order to catch up.
To achieve this, they had to truly understand that the weak had to be beaten. That was why Su Lingyun had agreed to Vulture Peak's challenge.
Su Lingyun pursed her lips and looked at Luo Zheng with a complicated expression. "This outer sect disciple received a mission from me and left Xiao Yufeng to go to the south to kill saber bugs. I didn't expect him to come back in just over half a month. Moreover, his strength has increased so quickly. I didn't expect it either …"
"What? A Marrow Refining Realm disciple went to kill saber bugs? Did I hear it wrong? But the strength that this boy has shown is indeed enough to accept this mission. "Mu Qingyang looked at the arena with a helpless expression." This boy is too merciless. His attacks are so ruthless. He only uses one punch every time! "
Hearing Mu Qingyang's words, Su Lingyun suddenly felt a little proud. She smiled and said, "Sister Qingyang, that's your Vulture Peak's disciple. He's too weak!"
"You little girl, how dare you laugh at me when I'm helping you! However, although this boy called Luo Zheng is powerful, our Vulture Peak doesn't lack people. The last one should be Liu Cunshi. Liu Cunshi ranks first in our Vulture Peak and is already a Primordial Spirit. As long as Liu Cunshi comes out, Luo Zheng won't be able to win, "Mu Qingyang said.
"Primordial Spirit? You actually let him stay in the outer sect? " Su Lingyun said in surprise. Under normal circumstances, many outer sect disciples would be promoted to the inner sect every year. Not to mention Primordial Spirit, even many outer sect disciples who were half a step to the Primordial Spirit were promoted.
Mu Qingyang smiled and said, "Are you saying that only your Xiao Yufeng can have geniuses? Can't our Vulture Peak have any? Liu Cunshi has only been in our Vulture Peak for half a year, but he has already broken through. We haven't had time to transfer him to the inner sect, so he's naturally an outer sect disciple now. "
Primordial Spirit? Su Lingyun felt a little conflicted. On the one hand, she really wanted to see whether Luo Zheng could defeat a Primordial Spirit. On the other hand, she didn't want Luo Zheng to win.
"Alas, let's wait and see." Su Lingyun sighed in her heart.
In the arena, there was one more person opposite Luo Zheng. This was the fifth person sent by Vulture Peak. He should be the strongest outer sect disciple of Vulture Peak.
Liu Cunshi, a Primordial Spirit.
Liu Cunshi's appearance was very ordinary. He didn't seem to have any imposing manner. If he was thrown on the street, he was the kind of person who couldn't be found at a glance.
After Liu Cunshi entered the arena, the outer sect disciples of Xiao Yufeng realized that they were probably going to win this challenge. This Liu Cunshi in front of them couldn't be compared to the disciples sent by Vulture Peak before.
However, when Liu Cunshi condensed his Vital Essence and formed a ring in his hand, everyone's expression changed drastically.
"Primordial Spirit! This guy is actually a Primordial Spirit! He's an outer sect disciple? "
"Vulture Peak is too much. They actually sent an inner sect disciple to challenge Luo Zheng. This is against the rules. If they sent an inner sect disciple, our Xiao Yufeng should also send an inner sect disciple!"
Many people looked at the black-robed people who were watching the fight. Although these black-robed people stood proudly not far away, they were Xiao Yufeng's inner sect disciples after all. At this moment, they should be the ones to step forward.
Primordial Spirit was a threshold for warriors.
The difference between Vital Essence and Vital Essence was also like heaven and earth.
Luo Zheng had indeed defeated the three people on Vulture Peak with one punch each.
However, to fight a Primordial Spirit, one had to be a Primordial Spirit first. Otherwise, this challenge would be too unfair.
Therefore, the crowd began to clamor.
"Liu Cunshi is the number one outer sect disciple of Vulture Peak. He just entered the Primordial Spirit not long ago and hasn't had time to advance to the inner sect! Naturally, he's an outer sect disciple. How can he break the rules? If you can't compete, then don't compete. Just admit defeat! " Liu Cunshi was the biggest backer of Vulture Peak. When they heard Xiao Yufeng's words, they naturally rebutted.
The two sides couldn't agree and the scene became chaotic again.
However, the two people on the stage completely ignored the commotion below the stage.
The ring in Liu Cunshi's hand spun slowly. He said, "You are indeed very strong. You defeated three half-step Primordial Spirit disciples of Vulture Peak consecutively. I, Liu Cunshi, have never heard of such a battle record."
"Thank you for the compliment." Luo Zheng cupped his hands and said.
"However, this is the end of it. Although I challenge you with the advantage of being a Xiantian lifeform, which is a bit of a bully, I must win today's mountain challenge. Otherwise, the entire Vulture Peak's outer door will have no face to stand in the Blue Cloud Sect," Liu Cunshi said in a calm tone. There was no excitement in his tone, nor contempt, as if he was a person chatting with you.
Faced with such an attitude, Luo Zheng smiled calmly. "Then I hope Brother Cunshi will go easy on me in the following exchange."
"Don't worry. I will only make you lose the ability to resist. I won't hurt you!"

Chapter 69
This wasn't the first time Luo Zheng had faced a Xiantian lifeform.
A few days ago, he'd used a broken throwing knife to kill the Black White Double Demons.
However, it had to be said that his broken throwing knife had played a huge role in killing the Black White Double Demons.
But now, they were in the arena.
Although the Blue Cloud Sect didn't restrict the use of weapons in the arena, when a broken throwing knife was used, there was bound to be blood. Luo Zheng didn't want to appear too bloodthirsty in this kind of mountain-level challenge.
The golden ring was condensed from True Essence, but it flickered with a metallic luster. It floated in the air and buzzed.
When the ring flew in front of Luo Zheng, it suddenly expanded, wanting to encircle Luo Zheng.
"Come on!"
Luo Zheng's body flashed with a purple light, and he fiercely punched the golden ring.
"Clang!"
With this punch, the golden ring made a crisp sound. It suddenly changed from a circular ring to a deflated one. Luo Zheng sent it flying fifty or sixty feet away, out of the arena.
Liu Cunshi smiled slightly. He reached out with his hand, and the golden ring flashed with a golden light. It immediately returned to its original shape, and continued to encircle Luo Zheng.
Not only that, but True Essence circulated around Liu Cunshi's body. Another golden ring appeared in his hand, and it also went to encircle Luo Zheng.
"Clang! Clang! "
Luo Zheng still struck out twice, making these strange rings unable to get close to him.
But soon, Luo Zheng understood Liu Cunshi's intentions.
Liu Cunshi stood in place, continuously waving his hands. One golden ring after another continuously appeared in his hands.
After a few breaths, seven golden rings were flying above the arena.
Although Luo Zheng continuously used his heavy punches to knock these rings away, once there were too many of them, Luo Zheng couldn't deal with them all.
Finally, a golden ring took advantage of a gap in Luo Zheng's attack. Together with Luo Zheng's arms, it encircled Luo Zheng.
"You want to use this thing to trap me?"
Luo Zheng exerts his strength with both hands, trying to break free from the restraints of the ring.
With his current strength, he wouldn't be at a disadvantage even if he were to face a Xiantian lifeform head on. Presumably, this golden hoop would shatter into pieces if he were to struggle.
This golden hoop was indeed unable to withstand Luo Zheng's strength. As Luo Zheng struggled to break free, faint cracks appeared on the golden hoop. But at this moment, the other golden hoop encircled Luo Zheng one by one.
If one golden ring couldn't withstand Luo Zheng's power, two golden rings wouldn't be able to withstand it either.
However, when the seven golden rings tightly bound Luo Zheng, the combined power of the ten golden rings made it difficult for Luo Zheng to break free.
It was just like how it was easy to break a chopstick, but hard to break a pair of chopsticks.
After being bound by these golden rings, Luo Zheng took a deep breath and shouted in a low voice.
The power of the seven dragon scales immediately blossomed with a jade-green light. Surging power surged from his body, the veins all over his body bulging.
Even when he exerted all his strength, the golden rings still wouldn't budge!
Liu Cunshi strolled over and smiled. "You can't break free. Even a Xiantian lifeform has no way of breaking free after being bound by my Binding Sky Hoop. Although your strength is far greater than others of the same level, you still can't break free. You've already lost."
The people of Vulture Peak all let out a deep breath when they saw this.
The people from Vulture Peak had seen Liu Cunshi's Tian Huan many times before.
Before Liu Cunshi had stepped into the Xiantian realm, just the Binding Sky Hoop formed from his true qi was already incomparably sturdy. No one on Vulture Peak could break it.
Now that Liu Cunshi was a Xiantian lifeform, the Binding Sky Hoop formed from his true qi was like a real object. There was no way that Marrow Refining kid could break free.
Luo Zheng was trapped in place. He tried twice and found that he couldn't break free, so he gave up. But at the same time, a smile appeared on his face. "Does it mean I've lost if you bind me like this?"
Liu Cunshi was slightly taken aback. "You can't move your hands and feet. Of course you've lost."
"But aren't I standing in the arena now?" Luo Zheng retorted.
There were only two ways to lose an arena battle. The first was to knock the opponent down so that they couldn't get up. The second was to be thrown off the arena.
Hearing Luo Zheng's words, Liu Cunshi's face showed faint mockery. Playing such petty tricks in this situation? "Then I'll just throw you off the arena!"
Liu Cunshi pointed with a finger. The golden hoop binding Luo Zheng made a buzzing sound, then dragged Luo Zheng to the edge of the arena.
But just as Luo Zheng was moved to the edge of the arena, Liu Cunshi suddenly felt a sharp pain in his head. This pain came from the soul, and he almost fainted on the ground.
"Ah!"
Liu Cunshi held his head and uttered a miserable cry.
The change in the arena made the onlookers a little confused.
Especially Xiao Yufeng's disciples. Seeing Luo Zheng being bound so easily, most of them had already accepted the fact that Luo Zheng had lost.
Liu Cunshi was a Xiantian lifeform after all. Losing to him was not an injustice!
At least, Luo Zheng had helped Xiao Yufeng regain a lot of face. He defeated three opponents by himself, and each time, he only used one punch! This battle record, in the entire Azure Cloud Sect's Outer Sect, was probably unprecedented, and would not be surpassed in the future.
So what if he lost? Luo Zheng had already worked hard enough.
But when Luo Zheng was moved to the edge of the arena, there was a sudden change in the arena.
Liu Cunshi seemed to have encountered something extremely painful. He hugged his head and howled incessantly.
"Could it be that he suddenly contracted a serious illness?"
"Haha, if that's the case, that's great. But Liu Cunshi is a Xiantian lifeform. His body has already surpassed the body of an ordinary person. How could he be seriously ill?"
"Luo Zheng's hands are tied. He can't cause any harm to Liu Cunshi. If there's nothing wrong with his body, how could it be like this?"
Xiao Yufeng's disciples discussed one after another, but no one was able to get to the point.
On the contrary, the black-robed inner disciples of Xiao Yufeng who came to watch the fight saw some clues.
The inner disciple named Yu Quan said to the people beside him, "You see, I just said that this guy has such strength in the Marrow Refining Realm. He can't just rely on his own strength. He must have some other means."
The inner disciple next to Yu Quan was dumbfounded. "I don't see what means he used to make Liu Cunshi suffer so much."
"If I'm not wrong, Luo Zheng should have used a soul attack." Yu Quan's eyes flashed with a complicated look.
"Soul attack? That kind of means requires an abnormally strong soul to use. This guy's body is already so abnormal. How can his soul be so strong? "The black-robed disciple's eyes were full of disbelief.
Yu Quan sighed and patted the person next to him on the shoulder. "The world is big and there are all kinds of strange things. When I left my hometown, I was ranked first among the younger generation in Sky Lion County. At that time, I thought I was the favored son of God and the target of God's pity. But when I came to the Blue Cloud Sect, I finally understood the meaning of the phrase 'there is always someone better than you' …"
Luo Zheng's attention was now focused on Liu Cunshi. Naturally, he didn't hear Yu Quan's sigh.
Liu Cunshi covered his head for a long time and finally got over the pain. His calm face was now full of anger. At the same time, he showed a deep fear of Luo Zheng.
In Liu Cunshi's view, he and Luo Zheng were not at the same level.
Even if this guy's performance was very amazing, especially the fact that he was only in the Marrow Refining Realm, it was very precious.
But he was a Xiantian lifeform.
Below the Xiantian lifeforms were all living beings.
He was like a fully armed adult, and Luo Zheng was like a little brat who hadn't experienced the world.
With the power of his vital essence, he could easily crush Luo Zheng.
He didn't even use any killing moves. He just wanted to use Shu Tian Huan to tie up Luo Zheng and throw him off the arena.
However, just when he thought that this competition was going to end without any suspense, Luo Zheng gave him a fierce blow.
The pain of his soul being injured was unforgettable for Liu Cunshi.
Therefore, after he regained his senses, he quickly retreated.
While Liu Cunshi was retreating, a broken throwing knife appeared in Luo Zheng's hand. The broken throwing knife jumped into Luo Zheng's hand, spun around, and then nimbly pulled upward. "Ping, ping, ping, ping …" Several sounds were heard.
The seven golden Shu Tian Huan were all cut by Luo Zheng's broken throwing knife. The shining golden light of the Shu Tian Huan quickly faded, turned into threads of vital essence, and dissipated between heaven and earth.
Seeing Luo Zheng's broken throwing knife, Liu Cunshi's eyebrows suddenly rose. This guy actually had such a sharp throwing knife. Why didn't he use it before?
He didn't know that Luo Zheng didn't plan to use the broken throwing knife to fight. After cutting these Shu Tian Huan, Luo Zheng casually stuffed them back into his Sumeru Ring. With a smile on his face, he said, "It seems that the outcome of this match is a bit difficult to determine."
"Interesting!" From the beginning, Liu Cunshi also didn't plan to use his full strength. However, Luo Zheng's performance just now had made Liu Cunshi take him seriously.
Faint golden vital essence seeped out of his skin, and the vital essence began to slowly condense again.
"Since you insist on creating more problems, I'll show you the true strength of a Xiantian lifeform! Splitting Sky Ring! "
As soon as Liu Cunshi's voice fell, another golden ring formed in his hand. However, the shape of this golden ring was somewhat different from that of the Shu Tian Huan. The golden ring was covered with neat sawteeth, and at the same time, it was constantly rotating at high speed.
"Huff, huff, huff, huff!"
Soon, seven Splitting Sky Rings were floating around Liu Cunshi, crazily rotating.
"Go!"
Liu Cunshi stretched out his hand, his eyes full of indifference. Being forced to this step by a junior in the Marrow Refining stage made Liu Cunshi very unhappy. Anyone who made him unhappy had to pay the price.
The seven Splitting Sky Rings flew over from seven different angles.
Two Heaven Splitting Rings flew high into the air, drawing a parabola in the air.
The other three Splitting Sky Rings shot towards Luo Zheng in a straight line.
The remaining two Sky Splitting Rings followed the ground of the arena and slashed towards Luo Zheng's legs. As the two Sky Splitting Rings rolled across the arena, the arena became like mud as the Sky Splitting Rings left deep grooves in its wake.
Facing these seven Splitting Sky Rings, Luo Zheng's expression was very nervous.

Chapter 70
"Ah, Liu Cunshi has gone too far. It's just a mountain challenge, but he used such a ruthless move. Does he want Luo Zheng's life?"
"The arena is made of fine iron. It's as soft as mud under the cutting of the Golden Ring! If it were a knife, wouldn't he be beheaded? "
"It's too dangerous. How will Luo Zheng deal with it?"
Now, everyone was sweating for Luo Zheng.
Just as the Sky Splitting Rings were about to reach Luo Zheng, his body suddenly twisted strangely. He actually went around the three Sky Splitting Rings in the middle.
At the same time, he used the momentum of his charge to dodge the four Sky Splitting Rings above and below him. He quickly took a step forward and charged towards Liu Cunshi.
The previous round of fighting between the two was only the prelude. Now, it was the real fight.
Liu Cunshi looked at Luo Zheng, who was rushing toward him. He didn't panic at all, but his expression became more and more serious. He waved his hand, and the seven Sky Splitting Rings behind Luo Zheng changed their direction and swept toward Luo Zheng.
The seven Sky Splitting Rings were transformed by Vital Essence. They were as light as a feather and flew extremely fast.
Although Luo Zheng's speed was also very fast, if he didn't dodge, Luo Zheng would be cut into pieces before he could get close to Liu Cunshi.
This was why Liu Cunshi was so calm. He was sure that Luo Zheng didn't dare to use his body to bear the damage of the Sky Splitting Rings.
But this time, Liu Cunshi was wrong.
If Luo Zheng was still a Xuanji Body, he would be very afraid of the cutting power of the Sky Splitting Rings.
But his body, after being purified by the Earth Core Fire, had greatly improved its strength. It was a world of difference from the Xuanji Body. Therefore, Luo Zheng wanted to bear the attack of the Sky Splitting Rings.
Why didn't he dodge now? Did he want to die?
Seeing that Luo Zheng didn't have the slightest intention to dodge, Liu Cunshi was very confused. Because in Liu Cunshi's opinion, Luo Zheng's action was no different from suicide.
"Dodge, Luo Zheng!"
"Oh no, if I don't dodge now, I'll be cut in half by the Heaven Splitting Ring!"
"Luo Zheng, are you crazy? Let's not compete anymore. Luo Zheng, quickly get down from the stage!"
Seeing that Luo Zheng didn't dodge, the hearts of the audience were already in their throats.
Although Xiao Yufeng was full of all kinds of open and covert struggles, at this moment, they were particularly united and worried about the same thing.
We can lose this challenge, but Luo Zheng can't throw his life away!
The group of people from Vulture Peak sneered coldly.
"Heh, this kid is crazy."
"It's good that he's dead. In any case, fists and feet have no eyes on the arena. This kid can't do anything about it even if he wants to die."
"What a pity. Xiao Yufeng just had a genius disciple, but he's going to be cut into pieces by Senior Brother Liu Cunshi …"
For the people of Vulture Peak, this was a pretty good result.
Just now, Luo Zheng had defeated three of the top twenty outer disciples of Vulture Peak by himself. Moreover, he'd only used one punch each time. This was absolutely a great humiliation.
Moreover, this humiliation couldn't be washed away no matter what they did.
Moreover, Luo Zheng was only in the Marrow Refining Realm. If this kid was allowed to grow, he'd probably bathe Vulture Peak in blood in the future!
This kind of thing had happened before.
Two years ago, Jade Maiden Peak's genius disciple Luo Yan had appeared out of nowhere and bathed the sixth ranked Tenshou Peak in blood. He'd defeated the enchanting disciples of Tenshou Peak one by one and pushed Tenshou Peak's ranking from sixth to the top twenty. How could the word "tragic" be enough to describe it?
Therefore, at this moment, when the people of Vulture Peak saw this scene, they didn't feel that there was anything wrong with it. Instead, they felt that suppressing this genius Luo Zheng to death in his cradle was the right thing to do.
However, what happened next left everyone dumbfounded once again.
"Clang!"
The first Sky Splitting Ring cut Luo Zheng's body, but it didn't cut Luo Zheng into pieces. It only made a crisp sound of metal colliding and then bounced off to the side.
However, Luo Zheng's white disciple robe had been cut into pieces, revealing Luo Zheng's back.
There was only a shallow bloodstain on Luo Zheng's back. From the looks of it, the Sky Splitting Ring had only scratched Luo Zheng's skin a little and didn't even bleed …
"Clang!"
"Clang!"
"Clang!"
Every time the Sky Splitting Ring hit Luo Zheng's back, it would make a loud noise.
However, every Sky Splitting Ring was unable to cut through Luo Zheng's flesh. At most, it left a shallow and deep bloodstain before bouncing off.
Liu Cunshi's pupils dilated as a sense of extreme danger welled up in his heart.
Liu Cunshi was the most enchanting outer sect disciple of Vulture Peak after all. At the moment, he and everyone else were still in shock. Why was Luo Zheng's body so tough? However, that sense of danger woke him up from his shock!
Luo Zheng, who had withstood the Sky Splitting Ring's attack, raised his fist and smashed it towards Liu Cunshi's face.
His fist was extremely fierce. Luo Zheng, who had awakened seven dragon scales, had the power of a tsunami as it rushed towards Liu Cunshi.
Liu Cunshi reacted quickly. As Luo Zheng's fist was about to hit him, he had already raised both his hands. At the same time, the Quintessential Essence between his hands instantly condensed into a green ring.
"Thick Earth Ring!"
This was Liu Cunshi's defensive move. The green rings interlocked with each other to form a shield in front of Liu Cunshi.
"Ding Ding Dang Dang!"
The Thick Earth Ring took on Luo Zheng's attack and made a crisp sound when it collided with each other.
Even though Liu Cunshi's Thick Earth Ring blocked Luo Zheng's punch, the huge force did not disappear. It was transmitted from the Thick Earth Ring to Liu Cunshi's body, instantly sending him flying.
With another powerful punch, Luo Zheng sent Liu Cunshi flying out of the arena.
However, Liu Cunshi was not an ordinary person.
If he had only relied on hard work to enter the Connate Mystic Realm, he might have only become a very mediocre inner sect disciple of Vulture Peak.
However, he was now the number one outer sect disciple of Vulture Peak!
To become the number one outer sect disciple of any of the 33 peaks of Qingyun Peak, it was simply impossible to rely on hard work and hard work to become the number one outer sect disciple.
Liu Cunshi was an absolute genius of Vulture Peak. He was now the number one outer sect disciple and would also become the number one inner sect disciple in the future!
Luo Zheng sent Liu Cunshi flying out of the arena with one punch, but his feet did not touch the ground. He was still in mid-air. According to the rules, he had not lost yet.
In mid-air, Liu Cunshi waved his hand and sent the Thick Earth Ring in his hand flying out.
The Thick Earth Ring hit the ground beside the arena at an extremely fast speed, then bounced off the wall and flew back towards Liu Cunshi.
Liu Cunshi straightened his body and tapped his feet in the middle of the Thick Earth Ring. With the rebounding force of the Thick Earth Ring, he flew back towards the arena.
"Beautiful! Senior Brother Cunshi's flying back and forth is perfect! "
"Indeed, in our Vulture Peak, only Liu Cunshi can remain calm in such a situation!"
"To send his Thick Earth Ring out at such a time, and to calculate the angle and strength, this is not something that ordinary people can do."
The hearts of the Vulture Peak group sank when they saw Liu Cunshi being sent out of the arena. They thought that the mountain challenge was over. But at this critical moment, Liu Cunshi's move pushed him back into the arena. They immediately cheered.
At this time, Luo Zheng had gained the upper hand. He definitely did not want Liu Cunshi to return to the arena easily.
Before Liu Cunshi landed, Luo Zheng had flashed to the edge of the arena. He raised his fists and suddenly smashed them towards Liu Cunshi, who was rushing towards him.
Liu Cunshi had nothing to rely on in the air. Seeing Luo Zheng's aggressiveness, he was really depressed. He really did not want to confront Luo Zheng directly. He did not know how this guy cultivated his strength. It was too amazing.
Unfortunately, he had no choice but to crash into Luo Zheng.
Liu Cunshi had no choice but to use the Thick Earth Ring in front of him again.
The result was the same as last time. Liu Cunshi was sent out of the arena by Luo Zheng before he could touch the ground.
Liu Cunshi was not willing to give up. He used the same method to push himself back into the arena with the rebounding force of the Thick Earth Ring.
Therefore, a very strange scene played out in the arena.
Liu Cunshi desperately wanted to get back into the arena, but Luo Zheng did not let him.
No matter which side of the arena Liu Cunshi rebounded to, Luo Zheng would be one step ahead of him and send Liu Cunshi flying out with a punch.
Liu Cunshi was like a grasshopper that could not land on the ground, jumping around in the air above the arena.
The first and second time the two of them fought like this was thrilling. Everyone held their breath and did not dare to speak.
But the third, fourth, and fifth time … it was the same. Everyone was speechless.
Mu Qingyang and Su Lingyun, who were watching the battle from afar, were also speechless. They watched the strange battle in the arena and could not speak for a long time.
After a long time, Mu Qingyang gritted his teeth and said, "Lingyun, that outer disciple called Luo Zheng is too much. How can he treat Liu Cunshi like a child's ball and throw him into the air? Come down!"
Su Lingyun stroked her black hair behind her head and said, "Well … I think Luo Zheng is also afraid of Liu Cunshi's strength. After all, he is a Connate lifeform and has too much of an advantage."
"But it can't go on like this!" Mu Qingyang was a little anxious.
A crafty smile appeared on Su Lingyun's face. She was naturally not anxious. After all, she had already thought it through. She was already prepared to lose this mountain peak challenge. However, if she coincidentally won, she would not reject it.
Of course, Mu Qingyang was anxious.
Although Liu Cunshi was a Connate lifeform, he had just stepped into the Connate Secret Realm. The Vital Essence in his body was not unlimited. If this continued, Liu Cunshi was likely to be defeated.
Since Mu Qingyang realized this, Liu Cunshi, as the person involved, naturally realized it as well.
Even if he could block Luo Zheng's strength with the Thick Earth Ring, he would not fall to the ground at the same time.
But if this continued, the Vital Essence in his body would dry up, and he would be defeated in the end.
Liu Cunshi absolutely could not accept this result.
Therefore, when he was sent flying by Luo Zheng for the ninth time and rushed to the arena for the ninth time with the help of the Thick Earth Ring, the Vital Essence in his body surged again. This time, he had almost exhausted all the Vital Essence in his body!
He wanted to fight with all his strength!
＝＝＝＝＝

Chapter 71
In mid-air, Liu Cunshi looked like a Heavenly Venerate. His entire body glowed with golden light. His aura was like a huge mountain crashing down.
A small portion of the weaker outer court disciples on Little Rain Peak felt their legs go soft under the pressure of this pressure, and they actually sat down on the ground.
Liu Cunshi's golden light eventually turned into a huge golden ring. It covered the entire arena and enclosed it within.
Then, Liu Cunshi stepped on the edge of the golden ring. He stretched out his hands and made a few gestures. At the same time, he muttered something.
"World Annihilation Ring! Break! "
Those who could enter the Connate Mystic Realm and surpass the human lifespan were all intelligent people. Naturally, they also had some trump cards.
And the World Annihilation Ring was Liu Cunshi's trump card.
This World Annihilation Ring consumed a lot of vital essence.
Although Liu Cunshi still had about 50% of his vital essence left, the moment he used the Annihilation Ring, the vital essence in his body was completely drained. He was standing at the edge of the Annihilation Ring. His face was deathly pale, and he could not even stand properly.
Deep down, he was very unwilling to use his trump card in such a situation.
He was more willing to save the World Annihilation Ring for the Sect Competition. If he exposed his trump card now, others would naturally be on guard when they fought him in the future.
But he had no better idea now.
Other than using the World Annihilation Ring, he could not think of any other way to turn the situation around.
What made Liu Cunshi even more unwilling was that he had been forced to use his trump card by a Marrow Refining Stage brat.
Marrow Refining Stage …
In Liu Cunshi's mind, this brat was someone he could easily crush with his fist. But he had been forced into such a state …
For a moment, Liu Cunshi could not accept this outcome.
"Since you want to die so badly, I'll fulfill your wish!"
Liu Cunshi, who had not intended to kill Luo Zheng, now wanted nothing more than for Luo Zheng to die quickly.
Of course, he was still rather confident in the World Annihilation Ring. Even a Connate lifeform would be severely injured if not killed in it. Liu Cunshi did not believe that Luo Zheng could survive this ordeal!
The entire World Annihilation Ring started to emit a magnificent color. Waves of vital essence started to gather in the arena.
For this move to carry the word "Armageddon", it truly had the power to destroy the heavens and earth.
However, Liu Cunshi was only at the first stage of the Xiantian Realm after all. When the World Extermination Ring was released, it could only delimit a relatively small area and then destroy all the living forces within the ring.
If Liu Cunshi's strength were to advance to the next level and break through the Connate stage, reaching a higher realm, one World-Destroying Ring would probably be able to wipe out all the living beings on a mountain.
When the energy in the World Annihilation Ring reached its limit, it suddenly flashed with a magnificent golden light and shot into the sky with a loud explosion.
This World Annihilation Ring was very unique. It was able to concentrate all the power within the ring. Even if one stood close to the ring, they would not be affected at all.
Because of this, the energy within the World Annihilation Ring was even more concentrated and powerful.
The outer sect disciples on the Xiao Yufeng paled when they saw the power of the World Annihilation Ring.
The interior of the World Extermination Ring was simply hell. Under such an attack, Luo Zheng's body would most likely be ground to dust.
Most people understood that Luo Zheng would probably not be able to survive this time.
As the golden light continued to flash, the crowd could not see the situation inside the World Annihilation Ring. At this moment, they could do nothing but pray that Luo Zheng could survive.
After a few breaths, the power of the World Annihilation Ring gradually dissipated. The golden light that had gathered in the arena also slowly faded away.
The first thing that was revealed to the crowd was the edge of the arena.
The entire arena had actually been washed away by the energy waves of the World Annihilation Ring. The arena, which had been made of refined iron, was now full of holes and deformed.
As for Luo Zheng, he was nowhere to be found. He had probably been ground to dust long ago …
It was too tragic.
However, just as the golden light on the arena completely dissipated, a figure suddenly rushed out.
The man was naked and covered with wounds, but he was extremely fast. He rushed to the edge of the ring and punched Liu Cunshi, who was on the verge of death.
All of Liu Cunshi's vital essence had been used up. At this moment, he could not even stand straight. Faced with this punch, he had no way to avoid it. He was directly smashed out of the arena and lay on the ground, unconscious.
The completely naked man was none other than Luo Zheng.
Relying on his body of spiritual qi, he had taken all of the World Annihilation Ring's attacks head-on.
Liu Cunshi's attack made Luo Zheng feel some lingering fear.
Although he knew very well how terrifying a Connate lifeform was, he had not been in such a sorry state when he had killed the Black White Double Ghosts in the Dragon Castle by himself.
Thinking about it carefully, Luo Zheng had relied on the advantage of the broken flying dagger to kill the Twin Ghosts of Black and White when they least expected it. At that time, the Twin Ghosts of Black and White had not had time to display their true strength. They did not even have time to use the weapons in their hands before their heads were separated from their bodies.
If not for that, Luo Zheng would not have been confident of defeating the Black White Double Ghosts.
Vulture Peak's number one outer disciple, Liu Cunshi, had been defeated.
Up to this point, Luo Zheng had single-handedly defeated the four outer disciples of Vulture Peak. He had forcibly turned Xiao Yufeng's dispirited situation around.
At this moment, many outer disciples were still unaware of what had happened. They were only immersed in the fact that "Luo Zheng is still alive."
"Luo Zheng has won. Our Xiao Yufeng has won!"
The first to shout this was Mo Can.
As soon as the first voice rang out, countless voices followed suit.
In the end, all of Xiao Yufeng's outer disciples began to surge.
"Luo Zheng! Luo Zheng! "
"Luo Zheng! Luo Zheng! "
They roared with all their might, looking as if they would not stop until their throats were broken.
Luo Zheng stood in the potholed arena. Looking at the screaming outer disciples, he suddenly felt somewhat embarrassed. All of his clothes had been shredded to dust by the energy of the World Destruction Ring. At this moment, he was completely naked. Although Xiao Yufeng was full of male disciples, it was still indecent for him to be naked in front of everyone.
Zhou Xian was the first to notice Luo Zheng's awkward expression. He hurriedly took off his outer robe and threw it to Luo Zheng in the arena.
Luo Zheng used the white outer robe to cover his body before jumping down from the arena. Accompanied by Mo Can and Zhou Xian, he walked over to Zhang Wuxian.
Although Zhang Wuxian was injured, he did not leave. Instead, he leaned against the corner of the wall to watch Luo Zheng's battle.
"Brother Wuxian, do you feel alright now?" Luo Zheng asked.
Zhang Wuxian's two small eyes sparkled on his chubby face.
He had not been friends with Luo Zheng for long, but he could already see that Luo Zheng's future strength was limitless. This was also one of the reasons why he had taken the initiative to befriend Luo Zheng. Their Zhang family was very sensitive in this aspect.
However, Zhang Wuxian did not expect that Luo Zheng could rise so quickly and be so domineering!
He was only in the Marrow Refining Realm, yet he had defeated Liu Cunshi!
Moreover, he had taken Liu Cunshi's trump card head-on.
If Zhang Wuxian's guess was correct, Luo Zheng also had trump cards that he had not used. Because of this, Luo Zheng's image in Zhang Wuxian's mind became even more unfathomable.
"Serious? Haha, even if I'm seriously injured, it's worth it to see Brother Luo Zheng's performance! " Zhang Wuxian laughed heartily. However, when he laughed, two of his broken ribs were pulled. Immediately, he felt a burst of pain. He covered his chest and could not speak.
At this moment, the Outer Core Disciples near the arena gathered around one after another. Everyone's face was filled with joy.
In fact, in the minds of these Outer Core Disciples, it was not important that they had won the Vulture Peak and received the double reward. What was important was that there was a Luo Zheng in Xiao Yufeng!
In the attic not far away.
Mu Qingyang's face was ashen at this moment.
She clenched her silver teeth and said bitterly, "Well, don't cover your eyes. That guy has put on his clothes."
Su Lingyun slowly removed her hands from her face and said with a sly smile, "Sister Mu, I'm sorry this time!"
"What's the use of saying sorry? Our Vulture Peak has been defeated. We have lost a month's worth of elixirs. The monthly payment is a small matter. Liu Cunshi is the proudest disciple of our Outer Core Disciples. Now that he has lost to a junior in the Marrow Refining Realm, he must have suffered a great blow. His temperament must have been affected. "Mu Qingyang said gloomily.
Actually, Mu Qingyang did not care about this matter. However, Liu Cunshi was a disciple that she had focused on cultivating.
Now that he had been severely defeated by Luo Zheng, Liu Cunshi's heart to practice martial arts had been greatly damaged. In the future, the speed of his progress would be greatly reduced, which was the most terrible thing.
Su Lingyun said seriously, "On the path of martial arts, everyone is bound to meet strong enemies. If his heart to practice martial arts is so easily damaged, it means that he is too arrogant. People have to accept appropriate blows. Only those who can climb back up after a blow are truly strong, right? "
Hearing Su Lingyun's words, Mu Qingyang did not express his opinion.
Mu Qingyang had to admit that her words made sense. The most important part of practicing martial arts was one's temperament. If one's path was smooth sailing, once he suffered a setback, it would be difficult for him to climb back up.
On the contrary, those who suffered continuous failures but still tried their best to forge ahead were qualified to have the last laugh.
However, Su Lingyun's words at this moment were suspicious of her taking advantage of the situation.
Seeing that Mu Qingyang was still unhappy, Su Lingyun comforted her with a smile, "Well, Sister Mu, if there is a chance in the future, I will definitely make it up to you!"
Mu Qingyang pursed her lips. Thinking of Su Lingyun's identity, it was not bad for her to owe him a favor. Since the matter had come to this, there was no way to remedy it.
That night, the Outer Core Disciples of Xiao Yufeng were very excited.
Everyone was talking about Luo Zheng's performance in the arena with great interest.
However, the person involved, Luo Zheng, was not so excited. In contrast, he cared more about another matter.

Chapter 72
Early in the morning, Luo Zheng got out of bed and washed himself up from head to toe.
Although his body was sturdy, he had still suffered many injuries from Liu Cunshi's repeated attacks.
However, these injuries were all superficial. With Luo Zheng's body's ability, he was almost completely healed after a night of recovery.
Fighting Liu Cunshi like this was quite beneficial to Luo Zheng.
Most of the power of the World Destruction Ring had been absorbed by Luo Zheng to cleanse his bone marrow.
Now that the impurities in Luo Zheng's bone marrow had been cleansed, it was only a matter of time before he stepped into the peak of the Marrow Refining Realm.
However, Luo Zheng was not very satisfied with his own realm.
If he was placed in one of the counties under the imperial capital, he would be able to make a name for himself with just the Marrow Refining Realm.
However, he was now in the Blue Cloud Sect, where Marrow Refining Realm cultivators were everywhere, not to mention that he still had to face those landowning households!
After he was ready, Luo Zheng left his room and walked towards the mountain ridge.
On the way, many outer sect disciples greeted Luo Zheng warmly when they saw Luo Zheng.
Previously, Luo Zheng had defeated Yang Lie, who was ranked 30th. At that time, many outer sect disciples realized that Luo Zheng, this newcomer, was not simple. In the near future, he would definitely become famous in the outer sect of Xiao Yufeng.
However, no one had expected that Luo Zheng would rise so quickly! And in such a way!
After this battle, Luo Zheng still did not have a ranking in Xiao Yufeng, but in everyone's hearts, he was already number one in the outer sect.
Su Lingyun knew very well that Luo Zheng would come looking for her.
To be able to come back from the south, Luo Zheng must have gained a lot.
With the previous battle with Liu Cunshi, Su Lingyun realized that she had still underestimated Luo Zheng.
At that time, when Luo Zheng had insisted on going south to complete the mission of killing the blade insects, Su Lingyun felt that the risk was too great, and that Luo Zheng was too impatient.
Now it seemed that Luo Zheng was very confident.
But Su Lingyun still couldn't figure out why Luo Zheng was in such a hurry to get points.
How many points could he get from one trip to the south?
A thousand blade insects? Or two thousand blade insects?
These Demonic Beast Cores could only be exchanged for one or two hundred points at most. What could they do?
At this stage, the points wouldn't be of much use to Luo Zheng.
"Mentor Su, I'm here to submit my mission." Luo Zheng knocked on the door gently and then walked in.
Su Lingyun's face was still gloomy as she nodded coldly.
Although Luo Zheng came back safe and sound, it didn't mean that Su Lingyun forgave Luo Zheng.
"Xiao Yufeng's outer disciple, Luo Zheng, participated in the hunting mission. How many did you kill? I wonder if it's a hundred? Or two hundred? "Su Lingyun said with a mocking smile.
Hearing Su Lingyun's tone, Luo Zheng sighed in his heart. This woman's temper was really not small.
Then, Luo Zheng silently took out the ordinary blade insect's crystal cores from his spatial ring.
One, two, three ….
Gradually, the blade insect's crystal cores piled up into a small mountain on the ground.
"I counted them again yesterday. There should be a total of 4,626 ordinary blade insect crystals," Luo Zheng said with a smile.
Su Lingyun curled her lips. "More than 4,000 ordinary blade insect crystal cores can only be exchanged for 200 points. Is that a lot?"
Hearing Su Lingyun's words, Luo Zheng took out the blade insect leader's crystal core from his spatial ring.
"In addition, there are also the blade insect leader's crystal cores. There are a total of 266 of them," Luo Zheng said again.
Su Lingyun's thin lips curled even more. She didn't expect that Luo Zheng would actually get so many blade insect leader's points. Counting it this way, these two crystal cores could be exchanged for nearly 500 points. For an outer disciple, 500 points was quite a lot.
"Mm, adding it all up, it can be exchanged for almost 500 points. Your harvest in the south this time was indeed good, but 500 points can't do much in the Blue Cloud Sect …"
Women were all stingy. Even though Su Lingyun's status was high, her eyes narrowed slightly, and her words were still full of sarcasm.
But then, Luo Zheng took out an even larger crystal core from his spatial ring.
The fist-sized demon beast crystal core flickered with a purple light. That was the Blade Insect Queen's crystal core.
This time, Su Lingyun was finally moved.
Su Lingyun was well aware of the Blade Insect Queen's strength. She had also gone to the south and participated in the extermination of blade insects. She had personally killed two Blade Insect Queens, but she had also won at that time, and it hadn't been easy.
With Luo Zheng's strength, ordinary blade insects were certainly not a problem. Even if it was a blade insect leader, being able to kill more than 200 of them could only mean that Luo Zheng had worked very hard.
But what was the deal with the Blade Insect Queen's demon beast crystal core?
If Luo Zheng encountered the Blade Insect Queen, he probably had no other choice but to run away.
Could it be that some powerful figure had killed the Blade Insect Queen, and then gave the Blade Insect Queen's demon beast crystal core to Luo Zheng?
This was unlikely. A Blade Insect Queen's demon beast crystal core was worth 1000 points, which was equivalent to 2000 square crystal stones. No matter who it was, it was not a small value.
Luo Zheng had no power or influence. Who would give this thing to him?
"Who gave you this Blade Insect Queen's demon beast crystal core?" Su Lingyun asked with a complicated expression.
"I picked it up." Luo Zheng said with a smile.
Su Lingyun did not believe him at all. She saw Luo Zheng's smiling expression and lightly snorted. She stretched out her hand and said, "Give me your disciple card and your mission token!"
Luo Zheng obediently handed over both of them.
Then Su Lingyun made a record on the mission token. Her slender white orchid finger gently stroked Luo Zheng's disciple card. After a flash of light, she stretched out her hand and handed it to Luo Zheng. "Okay, a total of 1500 points have been recorded in your disciple card."
Seeing this, Luo Zheng's face immediately lit up and he reached out to take it.
But Su Lingyun withdrew her hand and said with a smile, "I can give you the disciple card, but I have a condition!"
Luo Zheng was suddenly stunned. "What condition?"
"Tell me, how do you plan to spend these points?" Su Lingyun asked again.
Su Lingyun had asked this question when Luo Zheng accepted the mission.
At that time, Luo Zheng did not answer directly.
Now, Luo Zheng was also unwilling to answer. Luo Zheng shook his head and said, "I have a very important matter."
"What important matter? You can tell me. Maybe I can help you?" Luo Zheng's disciple card was dangling in Su Lingyun's hand, but she did not give it to him.
"This is my own matter, Mentor Su. It has nothing to do with you," Luo Zheng said in a deep voice.
Everything he was doing now was to see Luo Yan. Luo Zheng did not want anyone to get involved in this matter!
"You!" Su Lingyun pouted and her two willowy eyebrows suddenly raised.

Chapter 73
The two stood face to face just like that, the atmosphere stiff.
Su Lingyun grew up in the Li Palace next to Burning Sky Palace. As her highness, how many people dared to go against her?
Even though it had already been a while since she left the palace, during this time, Su Lingyun did her best to forget her past identity, her stubbornness was something that had already entered her bloodline. How could it be so easily changed?
When others knew about Su Lingyun's identity, for example, those instructors from the other peaks, they still dared to argue with her.
However, once they noticed that Su Lingyun's expression wasn't right, that she was truly angry, all of them closing their mouths tightly. They all understood clearly that even though Su Lingyun was beautiful and pleasant, once she got angry, she might be even more terrifying than a Deep Sea Dragon!
Right now, Su Lingyun was on the verge of erupting in anger.
When Xiao Yufeng and the other instructors heard the disturbance, they originally wanted to come in and take a look. However, when they saw Su Lingyun's expression that looked like she was on the verge of a volcanic eruption, they all clicked their tongues, quietly moving to the side.
Others were scared, but Luo Zheng wasn't. With a calm expression, he repeated, "Instructor Su, return the disciple tile to me."
Su Lingyun glared fiercely at Luo Zheng. She was just about to act out, but she still clenched her teeth and endured it. However, a hint of grievance that was difficult to detect appeared on her face. Then, her intelligent eyes moved about. It was unknown what she thought of, but her lips curled slightly. With a light snort, she tossed the disciple tile back to Luo Zheng.
Luo Zheng received his own disciple tile, said a word of thanks, and then turned around to leave.
He knew that Instructor Su wouldn't harm him, asking so much completely out of concern for him. Meanwhile, his own actions definitely angered Instructor Su.
Only, today, he was in a rush to hurry to Purgatory Mountain, not wishing to waste even a second, so how could he have the time to worry about all of this?
Luo Zheng walked down the mountain ridge, following Xiao Yufeng's mountain path. Then, he found Purgatory Mountain's direction, directly heading in that direction.
After Luo Zheng left, Su Lingyun puffed up her cheeks and said, "He left in such a hurry. He must have something important to do. Let me see what he's going to do!"
After that, Su Lingyun walked out of the room and came to a pavilion on the mountain ridge. In the middle of the pavilion, there was a letter tablet.
Just now, before Luo Zheng took the disciple card, Su Lingyun had tampered with Luo Zheng's disciple card, so that she could capture the image of Luo Zheng with this letter tablet.
When she saw Luo Zheng leave the mountain, he directly headed northwest of Blue Cloud Sect.
Su Lingyun's brows furrowed slightly. Blue Cloud Sect's thirty-three peaks were all scattered to the south, as well as other great peaks. Heavenly Scripture Pavilions and other things were also scattered to the east. That northwest corner was surrounded by mountains, not having any important peaks. What was his goal in heading northwest?
Northwest …
There was Purgatory Mountain in the northwest!
However, what did Luo Zheng want to do by heading to Purgatory Mountain?
Purgatory Mountain was located at the very edge of Purgatory Mountain. Luo Zheng seemed to have crossed the entire Blue Cloud Sect, and then crossed over two more peaks. A pure black mountain peak appeared before Luo Zheng's eyes.
That mountain peak didn't have a single tree or blade of grass growing on it. It was entirely black, completely lacking in vitality.
Only the ring-shaped mountain pass at the very top continuously released thick gray smoke.
Luo Zheng sniffed. A wave of sulfuric smell entered his nostrils, making him frown.
The environment here was too vile. When he thought about how Luo Yan was locked up in this type of place, Luo Zheng felt extremely unhappy.
The closer he got to the black Purgatory Mountain, the stronger the smell of sulfur became. When he walked up to Purgatory Mountain, Luo Zheng saw an extremely distinct 'line'.
Outside that line, it was full of vitality, verdant and lush, all types of plants growing. However, inside that line, there was black gravel, as if it was a path to hell.
When Luo Zheng approached this dividing line, two people suddenly appeared in front of him.
These two individuals' clothes were ragged, their appearances like roadside beggars.
When their eyes landed on Luo Zheng's body, Luo Zheng immediately felt as if his body was being pricked by needles, a faint stabbing pain.
These two were extremely strong, could be said to be unprecedentedly strong, much stronger than He Tiancheng, more or less comparable to people like Xun Feilong!
"Youngster, you wish to enter Purgatory Mountain?" The two stood in that line, asking Luo Zheng.
Luo Zheng nodded. "I wish to enter Purgatory Mountain, I wonder if you all are …"
"We are Purgatory Mountain's mountain guardians. You wish to enter Purgatory Mountain? Do you know the rules? " These two mountain guardians sized up Luo Zheng. This Purgatory Mountain rarely had someone with such low cultivation come here, it indeed made them feel a bit strange.
"A hundred points, right?" After Luo Zheng said this, he took the initiative to hand over his disciple tile.
One of them received Luo Zheng's disciple tile. He reached out his hand, and then a streak of orange true essence poured into the disciple tile, deducting a hundred points from it. "Entering Purgatory Mountain isn't just a matter of a hundred points …"
"As long as you cross this line, you will lose the Blue Cloud Sect's protection. Even if you are killed, the Blue Cloud Sect won't care. Entering with your current strength is too dangerous." The mountain guardian said.
Purgatory Mountain was an extremely chaotic place. In Purgatory Mountain, no one's life or safety could be protected.
The reason why Purgatory Mountain was terrifying was precisely because of this.
Many people feared being locked up in Purgatory Mountain, but what they feared wasn't the punishment of facing the wall, but rather the people in Purgatory Mountain!
Most of the people who were locked up in Purgatory Mountain weren't good people, most of them only locked up because they committed terrible crimes.
Meanwhile, in this Purgatory Mountain, there were almost no rules to speak of, this was a world where the strong preyed on the weak.
For those with weak strength, apart from being fish on the chopping block of the strong, there was almost no other way out.
Those with great strength could occupy a peak in Purgatory Mountain, do as they pleased.
There were some genius disciples in the Blue Cloud Sect who, for the sake of increasing their own experience, even purposely roamed Purgatory Mountain to gain experience!
These two mountain guardians didn't warn everyone like this either. They saw that Luo Zheng's cultivation was too low, only at the Marrow Refinement Realm, moreover not knowing much about Purgatory Mountain, that was why they said a few more words.
"I understand, but I must enter." Luo Zheng raised his head to look into the distance, but he didn't know where Luo Yan was locked up in Purgatory Mountain.
Since Luo Zheng himself already spoke like this, the two mountain guardians didn't say anything else either. After returning the disciple tile to Luo Zheng, the two of them moved aside.
Then, Luo Zheng began to move, stepping into that line.
After walking along that black gravel path, roughly two li later, Luo Zheng finally arrived at the foot of the mountain.
In front of him was an extremely steep mountain path. Meanwhile, the two sides of the mountain path released dark red radiance from time to time, as if there were flames roasting the pure black rocks on the mountain.
Without thinking too much, Luo Zheng began to climb towards Purgatory Mountain.
Purgatory Mountain was a living volcano.
Along the way, one could see craters from time to time.
There were some craters that were covered in a deathly gray color, while there were some craters that had surging magma.
Near those craters, Luo Zheng discovered quite a few people. These should all be Blue Cloud Sect disciples who were sent to Purgatory Mountain as punishment.
These Blue Cloud Sect disciples weren't weak.
There was no lack of Xiantian lifeforms among them!
There were some who released auras that were even more powerful than He Tiancheng's.
Most of the Xiantian lifeforms among them had lifeless appearances. When they saw Luo Zheng pass by, they didn't react at all.
However, there were still some Xiantian lifeforms who, after noticing Luo Zheng, cast him looks that carried ill intentions. There were even some who followed behind Luo Zheng.
When he saw this, Luo Zheng fished out the damaged flying knife from his spatial ring, holding it in his hand.
＝＝＝＝＝

Chapter 74
Luo Zheng adjusted his vigilance to the highest level. His legs moved, increasing his speed as he crazily ran up the mountain!
When the people tailing Luo Zheng noticed that Luo Zheng increased his speed, they thought that Luo Zheng wanted to escape. At the same time, they also increased their speed.
One of them even moved with extreme speed from the mountain path to the side, blocking Luo Zheng's path.
"Hahaha, since when did a Marrow Refinement Realm brat dare step foot into Purgatory Mountain? With such fine skin and tender flesh, it's perfect for you to stay behind and accompany this daddy! " This was a dark faced man who seemed to be over thirty years old. His face was fierce-looking, his skin dark, and his pair of bean-sized eyes released a dangerous glint.
"Move aside." Luo Zheng coldly shouted. He was like a calm leopard crouching in place, ready to erupt with a counterattack at any time, even if this man was a Xiantian Realm expert.
That dark faced man sneered. "Since you've entered Purgatory Mountain, then you should understand what kind of place this is. Obediently listen to this daddy's words, and you can still live for two more days. Otherwise, a trifling Marrow Refinement Realm brat like you will be finished off at any time!"
When the people tailing Luo Zheng saw that the dark faced man took the initiative to attack, they all became motionless.
"I'll say it again. Move aside, or die." Luo Zheng's voice became colder and colder.
The dark faced man didn't take Luo Zheng's warning to heart in the slightest. In the eyes of these Purgatory Mountain people, a Marrow Refinement Realm brat wasn't worth fearing at all. No matter how strict the warning was, it was still like the howling of a kitten. What was there to be scared of?
As a result, the dark faced man reached out his large black hand in an unbridled manner, squeezing towards Luo Zheng. From the looks of it, he wanted to capture Luo Zheng.
If he fell into this dark faced man's hands, he would definitely suffer a fate worse than death!
In this instant, the dusky soul spike between Luo Zheng's brows shot towards the dark faced man Meng Zha.
"Spirit Shocking Stab!"
Under this stab, that dark faced man immediately released a miserable scream. He hugged his head and shook continuously.
At the same time, the damaged throwing knife that had always been in Luo Zheng's hands suddenly shot out!
Xiu!
"Pu!"
The unstoppable throwing knife directly pierced through the dark-faced man's chest, penetrating deep into the mountain behind the dark-faced man.
Then, Luo Zheng's finger lightly hooked, and the invisible string pulled the flying knife back. It circled once before Luo Zheng caught it in his hand.
In the blink of an eye, Luo Zheng had killed the dark-faced man, and the broken throwing knife was not stained with blood.
He continued to hold the throwing knife in his hand. He turned around and glanced coldly at the people who were hiding in the shadows behind him. Then, he continued to climb up the mountain.
The dark-faced man stood there dejectedly, his face filled with disbelief. He opened his mouth wide and looked at his blood-stained chest. Then, he let out an extremely shrill scream and fell to the ground. How could he have imagined that he, a Xiantian lifeform, would be unable to withstand a single blow from a junior at the Marrow Refining stage?
In reality, if the dark-faced man was completely on guard, Luo Zheng wouldn't have been able to get rid of him so easily. Those who looked down on their opponents were destined to pay the price.
When the people who were originally tailing Luo Zheng saw this scene, their expressions changed slightly.
Being able to get rid of the dark-faced man in such a manner meant that Luo Zheng was definitely not someone to be trifled with, even if he was only at the Marrow Refining stage …
After thinking for a bit, those people still chose to back off.
Luo Zheng who noticed this coldly snorted, and then continued to increase his pace. After a while, Luo Zheng finally reached the mountainside.
There were quite a few buildings built along the mountainside. Only, those buildings were extremely simple and crude, some of them could only be considered shacks. Moreover, they were all built with black mountain rocks, giving off an extremely oppressive feeling.
Inside those buildings, many people were either sitting, lying, meditating, or muttering to themselves.
Even though these people were locked up in Purgatory Mountain, they didn't give up on cultivation. Most of them were extremely focused. Even if Luo Zheng walked past them, they didn't feel like giving him a single look.
He strolled along the mountainside, his eyes flitting past one after another, searching for his younger sister's figure …
Purgatory Mountain, mountain peak.
Above the giant ring-shaped volcano, layers of lava continuously surged, bubbling, releasing tremendous heat.
At the end of that ring-shaped volcano, there was a platform that protruded outwards.
At the edge of that platform was a pink clothed young lady. Her pair of long and slender legs were suspended in the air, as if she didn't fear the several thousand meters of altitude below.
The young girl's features were picturesque, and she was naturally beautiful. She possessed a peerless appearance, but at this moment, she was gazing at the crescent moon that hung upside down in the distance, and the space between her brows contained boundless loneliness.
Right at this time, a figure rushed over from the edge of that ring-shaped volcano.
That figure already left the ground. With every step he took, a pink lotus would appear beneath his feet. Those lotus flowers were like a dream, elegant and refined.
That figure actually stepped on these lotus flowers as he rushed through the air.
He was truly like a deity, lotuses blossoming with every step!
Not long after, the figure stepped onto the platform.
The young lady didn't turn around, still staring blankly at the crescent moon in the distant horizon. She didn't even turn around, only using a clear and cold voice to ask, "Didn't I say that I didn't need you all to come see me? What are you still doing here? "
The figure behind the young lady slowly walked closer.
It was a young man in his early twenties. This young man was dressed in purple robes, his brows sharp and his eyes bright, heroic and imposing. When he heard the young lady's rather cold tone, he didn't feel the slightest bit of annoyance, only saying with a smile, "Your older brother cares about you, but he doesn't have the qualifications to enter. He could only instigate me to come see you in his place!"
"Luo Peiran is only my older cousin, when has he ever cared about me like this? Could it be that you think I don't know that you are using him as a cover to come here? "The pink clothed young lady's words weren't polite in the slightest, as if she didn't want to give this young talent the slightest bit of face.
The purple-robed young man still had a hearty smile on his face. However, he took out an item from his bosom and said, "That's not it. Indeed, Peiran asked me to come here to give you something. I heard that you will naturally be overjoyed after seeing it."
When the pink clothed young lady heard that, she turned her head and looked over. When she noticed the item in the purple-robed young man's hands, her eyes suddenly emitted a bright and beautiful light.
Even as her eyes moved, her face suddenly bloomed like a flower, devastatingly beautiful.
The purple-robed young man's cultivation was extremely high and his composure was also extremely strong. However, when he saw the pink clothed young lady's appearance, he was stunned on the spot.
The pink clothed young lady left the edge of the platform and her figure drifted over. With a gentle wave of her jade-like hand, the item somehow landed in her hands.
In the pink clothed young lady's hands was an extremely ordinary item – a slingshot cut from elm wood.
The slingshot was a little old and the cow tendon tied to it had fallen off. However, the pink clothed young lady held it in her hands like a treasure.
"Peiran already told me that you would be happy, Yan 'er, but I never expected you to be this happy." When the purple-robed young man saw that she was this happy, his expression also became extremely excited.
This pink clothed young lady was precisely Luo Zheng's younger sister, Luo Yan who was locked up in Purgatory Mountain to face the wall.
Meanwhile, the purple-robed young man was Wang Hengzhi's older brother Wang Yanmiao, also a member of the landowning household Wang Family's direct line of descent, even more so the number one personal disciple of Blue Cloud Sect's Hall Master!
That was why he had the qualifications to wear the purple robes, the qualifications to ascend Purgatory Mountain's peak.
"This is the slingshot my older brother made for me when I was young." Luo Yan stared blankly at this slingshot and then asked, "Cousin Peiran didn't mention anything else to you? For example, news about my older brother … "
The last few times Wang Yanmiao came, Luo Yan didn't feel like saying even a single word to him. However, today, he took the initiative to ask about these things, so he was naturally happy to reply.
"Peiran only said that Luo Family is doing well, your older brother is also doing well. However, he didn't return home after coming to Blue Cloud Sect, only sending letters." Wang Yanmiao said with a smile.
Luo Yan pursed her lips, but her eyes were unwilling to leave the slingshot. However, she said quietly, "Cousin Peiran's strength isn't enough, he doesn't have the qualifications to ascend to the peak. If he has any news, I'll have to trouble you to pass it on."
"It's just a simple matter, how can you call it trouble? Yan 'er, you are treating me like an outsider! " Wang Yanmiao felt like his heart was about to jump out. He did everything he could to get close to Luo Yan, but he never expected Luo Yan to actually take the initiative to mention this. How could he not be happy?
Luo Yan nodded. Those slender jade-like hands tightened the leather band around the slingshot. Then, her finger lightly tapped the stone platform, removing a small stone from the incomparably sturdy rock, placing it on the leather band in a decent manner. With a light tug, she narrowed her eyes, aimed at the moon in the horizon, and then loosened her grip.
That stone suddenly bounced out, but in the end, it still couldn't reach the moon, drifting down the mountain in a parabola.
Despite this being the case, her eyes were still narrowed into crescent moons. Anyone could tell that this young lady who was always cold and silent was extremely happy right now.
When Wang Yanmiao saw this, he took advantage of Luo Yan's temperament to find a few topics to talk about. Only after chatting for a while, did he leave in a satisfied manner.
From the side of Purgatory Mountain's sea of flames, there were already several people waiting on the mountain ridge.
"Big brother, did you see her?" The one standing at the very front was Wang Hengzhi, while Luo Peiran followed closely behind.
Wang Yanmiao was like a cool breeze, walking around his own disciple. He reached out his hand to pat Luo Peiran's shoulder and said, "Peiran, not bad, this is the first time I've seen Yan 'er smile!"
Luo Peiran nodded and said, "Of course. My younger sister is locked up here, so of course she misses her family. If big brother Yanmiao can visit her often, accompany her to relieve her boredom, it will definitely make her mood better."

Chapter 75
A small pebble streaked across a distance of a hundred Zhang before falling rapidly.
With a thud, it hit the mountain wall and finally rolled down the mountainside.
Luo Zheng stared blankly at the small pebble that rolled down in front of him.
After circling around the mountainside, Luo Zheng still couldn't find Luo Yan's figure.
Where is he?
Luo Zheng frowned and looked up at the top of the mountain.
Could it be that Luo Yan was trapped in a higher place?
After thinking for a while, Luo Zheng continued to climb up.
But at this moment, several people walked down the mountain path leading to the top of the mountain.
Walking at the front was a young master wearing a purple robe. He was extremely handsome and had an extraordinary air of nobility. Even though the light was dim, his whole body seemed to be enveloped in a faint light.
According to Luo Zheng's knowledge, the Blue Cloud Sect was divided into three colors of clothing.
Among them, the outer white robe and the inner black robe were the most common.
But in addition, there was also a purple robe.
Disciples wearing purple robes were direct disciples who had a master to guide them. In the entire Blue Cloud Sect, disciples wearing purple robes were rare and had an extraordinary status.
"This person also has' Intent '! It's the Lotus Killing Intent! "
Luo Zheng noticed a lotus-shaped light behind the purple-robed young master. The "Lotus Killing Intent" on his body was very gentle, like a ball of thorns that made people relax.
This "Lotus Killing Intent" could also be called a kind of temperament.
But Luo Zheng still felt a threat from that gentle "Lotus Killing Intent". This gentleness was just an illusion. Once it exploded, the power of this "Lotus Killing Intent" would be unstoppable.
When these people came over, Luo Zheng prepared to retreat to the side.
But at this moment, Luo Zheng's eyes flashed. He found that Luo Peiran and Wang Hengzhi were following behind the purple-robed young master!
"Luo Peiran, where is Luo Yan!" Luo Zheng raised his eyebrows and stepped forward to interrogate.
Luo Peiran was slightly taken aback, then a cold smile appeared on his face. "Luo Zheng! What a coincidence! I originally planned to let you jump around freely for a few days, but I never expected you to actually dare appear in Purgatory Mountain! "Luo Peiran said this. His entire body's true essence flickered, actually wishing to directly take action.
"Pei Ran, who is he?" Wang Yanmiao glanced at Luo Zheng indifferently. Given Wang Yanmiao's status and strength, he had no interest in Luo Zheng. But when he heard Luo Zheng mention Luo Yan, he asked.
Hearing Wang Yanmiao's question, Luo Peiran froze on the spot and stammered, "He, he is an unfilial son of my Luo Family!"
"I ask you, where is Luo Yan? Speak! "Luo Zheng came forward again and shouted angrily.
Wang Yanmiao frowned and asked softly, "What's the relationship between you and Luo Yan? Why are you looking for her?"
"Luo Yan is my younger sister. Of course I have to find her," Luo Zheng replied.
"Oh?" When Wang Yanmiao heard Luo Zheng's words, a smile appeared on his face. From his conversation with Luo Yan, he learned that Luo Yan had an older brother. Moreover, Luo Yan was extremely concerned about her older brother. "Pei Ran, Luo Yan's older brother is in the Blue Cloud Sect, and he is an outer sect disciple. I never heard you mention this before?"
Wang Yanmiao asked in an indifferent manner. Luo Peiran's forehead immediately broke out in sweat!
The reason he was able to climb up the Wang Family's great tree was because of Luo Yan.
Ever since he became friends with the Wang Family, not only did he easily become an inner sect disciple, he even borrowed the Wang Family's' Quiet Training Room 'and the assistance of several fourth grade pills to advance at a tremendous pace.
That was why Luo Peiran naturally wasn't willing to let Wang Yanmiao know that Luo Yan's older brother also entered the Blue Cloud Sect.
Just now, if possible, he even wanted to make the first move and kill Luo Zheng first.
"This Luo Zheng is the rebellious son of my family. Everyone has the right to kill him. That's why I didn't mention him to you," Luo Peiran explained.
Wang Yanmiao had no interest in these disputes of the Luo Family. He only knew that Luo Yan was extremely concerned about her older brother. Therefore, he actually extended his hand and bowed to Luo Zheng, saying, "This humble one is Wang Yanmiao, a disciple of the Blue Cloud Sect's Hall Master."
Wang Yanmiao actually bowed to Luo Zheng!
Seeing this scene, Luo Peiran and Wang Hengzhi stood in place, their mouths wide open.
Luo Zheng was also somewhat surprised. This kind of person actually bowed to an outer sect disciple. It was indeed unexpected. He didn't know what this guy was planning.
"Luo Zheng, Xiao Yufeng's outer sect disciple," Luo Zheng returned the bow.
"Luo Zheng, I've heard of this name. Yan 'er often mentions you. She misses you very much." Wang Yanmiao actually bowed again.
Wang Yanmiao was one of the most outstanding disciples of the Blue Cloud Sect. Normally, how many people were qualified to make him bow repeatedly? But Wang Yanmiao just did this.
At this time, not only was Luo Peiran's forehead sweating, his back was also dripping with sweat.
Seeing this person so courteous, Luo Zheng was even more curious. He only said, "You and I have just met. Why are you so polite?"
Unexpectedly, Wang Yanmiao actually bowed again. After bowing three times in a row, he smiled and said, "Luo Yan and I are fated to be together. In the future, if we become husband and wife, I will have to call you 'brother-in-law.'"
Hearing this, Luo Zheng's eyebrows suddenly rose. He finally understood. "You and Luo Yan? What a joke! In your dreams! What kind of thing is your Wang family? Are you worthy of my sister? "
In Luo Zheng's heart, Luo Yan was his only family. This person had only met him for the first time, but he said such words. He, Luo Zheng, absolutely could not accept it!
As the saying goes, don't slap a smiling face. Wang Yanmiao was so respectful, but Luo Zheng spoke so coldly.
Even if Wang Yanmiao's mental fortitude was very strong, when he heard Luo Zheng's words, his spring breeze-like face was smeared with a trace of coldness.
"Impudent!" Hearing Luo Zheng's words, Wang Hengzhi's face was immediately filled with anger.
"You don't know what's good for you!" Luo Peiran's voice was also stern, but in his heart, he breathed a sigh of relief. Luo Zheng, oh Luo Zheng, you really don't know the immensity of heaven and earth. Offending a direct disciple is the same as bringing about your own destruction.
Luo Zheng coldly snorted and said, "So what? Luo Peiran, other than being arrogant, what else can you do? "
"Luo Zheng, you think that just because you've become an outer disciple of the Blue Cloud Sect, you have the qualifications to speak arrogantly in front of me? Today, I'll show you what true strength is, what true suppression is! "After Luo Peiran finished speaking, streams of blood-colored true essence madly gushed out from his body!
During this period of time, his rapid progress, breaking through half-step Xiantian and becoming a Xiantian lifeform, was all thanks to the Wang family. He originally cultivated the 《Red Sandalwood Fist》, but now the condensed true essence was like blood. That was because he had changed his mind, cultivating the Wang family's Earth grade secret book 《Blood Demon Divine Ability》.
Facing Luo Zheng, who was only in the Refining Marrow Stage, Luo Peiran was completely confident that he could kill him in one move!
"Is that so?" Luo Zheng clenched his fists. His eyes were like two sharp knives, staring straight at Luo Peiran. "Since that's the case, I really want to exchange some pointers with you!"
Luo Peiran's entire body emitted a strong smell of blood. No matter how one looked at it, Luo Peiran had too many reasons to kill Luo Zheng. Therefore, before Luo Zheng finished speaking, he had already rushed towards Luo Zheng and punched at Luo Zheng.
"Blood Explosion Nine Styles!"
"Condense, Break, Kill …"
As Luo Peiran's fist came over, streams of true essence exploded like fresh blood.
The bright red blood splashed on the ground, immediately producing a sizzling sound. It actually had an extremely strong corrosive power.
Facing Luo Peiran's fist, Luo Zheng didn't dare to be careless. He quickly retreated, avoiding Luo Peiran's fierce attacks.
If it were anyone else, facing Luo Peiran would be very troublesome.
Not only would they have to carefully avoid Luo Peiran's fist, but they would also have to avoid the blood-colored true essence that emerged from his body. If they were stained even a little, their flesh would instantly be corroded.
However, Luo Zheng didn't have this taboo.
Although the blood-colored true essence on Luo Peiran's body had an astonishing corrosive power, Luo Zheng, who was already a spirit tool, didn't fear it in the slightest.
Occasionally, a few drops of blood-colored true essence would fall on Luo Zheng's body, corroding his disciple robe and leaving holes in it. However, when the blood-colored true essence dripped on his skin, it would only make a sizzling sound and only leave some black marks on his skin.
Luo Zheng's figure constantly dodged and moved around Luo Peiran's surroundings.
"Luo Peiran, you're just a piece of trash who relied on medicinal pills. You have a high cultivation base, but your strength is only so-so. Do you think you can crush me?" Luo Zheng said as he dodged.
"You're courting death! Blood Explosion Fist! "Luo Peiran roared.
"That day at the Luo Family, didn't you say that you were much stronger than trash like me? That you could crush me to death with one hand? "Luo Zheng said coldly.
"Yes, so what!" Luo Peiran used all his strength, but he couldn't cause any harm to Luo Zheng. He was both anxious and confused. Why was Luo Zheng so difficult to deal with when he was only in the Refining Marrow Stage? Why was my Blood Explosion Fist ineffective against him? And Luo Zheng's words made him angrier and angrier.
Red Sandalwood True Qi flashed all over Luo Zheng's body, and he found a flaw in Luo Peiran's defense. His Burst Fist hit Luo Peiran's ribs. "Then I'd like to see how a trash like you will crush me to death."
Luo Peiran was hit in the ribs, and he retreated a few steps. His face was deathly pale from the pain, but he clenched his teeth and threw himself at Luo Zheng again.
This time, Luo Zheng didn't dodge. Instead, he faced Luo Peiran head-on. A trace of a sneer appeared on his face, and a gray spike pierced towards Luo Peiran's head.
"Soul-Stirring Spike!"
Luo Peiran was originally rushing towards Luo Zheng, but under this kind of full-force attack, he was caught off guard and was hit by Luo Zheng's Soul-Stirring Spike. His whole body suddenly fell towards Luo Zheng in a daze.
Seeing this, Luo Zheng reached out and grabbed Luo Peiran's head. Purple True Qi flashed all over his body, and a Red Sandalwood Inch-Punch hit Luo Peiran's chest.
"We're both brothers with the surname Luo. I won't take your life, but I want you to see that when I, Luo Zheng, return to the Luo family in the future, I'll kill Luo Bingquan and Luo Junyi. I'll make them into statues and kneel in front of my father's grave for ten thousand years!"
As soon as Luo Zheng's voice fell, seven muffled sounds came from Luo Peiran's body. From his Dantian, his hands and feet suddenly burst out bloody holes. His vital meridians had been shattered by Luo Zheng's Inch-Punch. He had become a cripple.
Wang Yanmiao stood on the side. Seeing this scene, she didn't say anything. No one knew what she was thinking.
However, Wang Hengzhi couldn't bear it anymore. He was on good terms with Luo Peiran. He thought that since Luo Peiran was a Xiantian expert, it would only take a blink of an eye for him to deal with Luo Zheng. He didn't expect that the situation would take a turn for the worse. Luo Peiran was controlled by Luo Zheng in an instant, and his meridians were even destroyed.
"Big brother, why didn't you stop that brat?" Wang Hengzhi asked.
Wang Yanmiao shook her head, "The conflict between Peiran and Luo Zheng is their family matter. Luo Zheng is Yan 'er's brother after all."
This was the way of thinking of a disciple who had grown up in a great aristocratic family!
Wang Yanmiao was a very smart person.
When he had asked Luo Peiran a moment ago, Luo Peiran had stuttered. He had instantly guessed Luo Peiran's thoughts.
Luo Peiran didn't want to reveal Luo Zheng's existence to him because he had a selfish motive. He wanted to use Luo Yan to get more benefits from the Wang family.

Chapter 76
Luo Peiran lay on top of the black gravel, his eyes filled with despair.
What went wrong?
Luo Peiran couldn't figure it out no matter how hard he tried.
He swallowed the Heaven and Earth Fortune Elixir and his strength soared. He smoothly entered the Blue Cloud Sect and got acquainted with the Wang family. He used Luo Yan to obtain great benefits from the Wang family and even became a Xiantian lifeform in a short period of time!
In the entire Luo family, only Luo Xiao was a Xiantian lifeform!
He was still young, and he could imagine that his future path would be smooth and smooth.
When his strength improved further, he would be able to openly lead the Luo family into the ranks of the number one family in Chong Yang County.
But today, he was defeated by Luo Zheng in just a few moves.
"I'm a Xiantian lifeform! Why am I so weak in front of you, a Marrow Refining cultivator? "Luo Peiran opened his eyes in a daze and looked at Luo Zheng unwillingly.
Luo Zheng sneered, "Your cultivation was built up by pills. What's the use of that?"
Among the great aristocratic families, there were many trash like Luo Peiran who were built up by pills. Their cultivation was high, but in terms of real combat ability, they were far inferior to Luo Zheng, who had climbed out of mountains of corpses and seas of blood.
After saying this, Luo Zheng turned his head and blinked his eyes. There was a sad expression on his face.
If his father hadn't died in vain, Luo Zheng wouldn't have wanted to kill his own family. After all, they were all clansmen with the surname Luo!
But the second and third branches were the murderers who had murdered his father. He had to avenge his father's death.
"Wang Hengzhi, Luo Peiran has been crippled by me. Are you going to avenge him?" Luo Zheng sneered at Wang Hengzhi, his eyes cold.
Wang Hengzhi was about to rush up, but he was stopped by Wang Yanmiao. "Big brother, this kid doesn't know the immensity of heaven and earth. Not only did he cripple Luo Peiran, but he also dares to talk back to you. Are you going to let him go like this …"
Wang Yanmiao shook her head and walked over to Luo Zheng. "You're only in the Refining Marrow Stage, yet you have such courage. You're worthy of being Luo Yan's brother. Both brother and sister are extremely talented. Not bad, not bad!" Wang Yanmiao's eyes revealed some praise.
Wang Hengzhi suddenly didn't understand. Previously, his elder brother had bowed to Luo Zheng three times in a row, and now he was giving him such high praise. Why?
Luo Zheng's eyes narrowed. He had just scolded Wang Yanmiao, but he was not angry at all. This person was too scheming.
"But …" Wang Yanmiao suddenly changed the topic. Her gentle gaze suddenly became extremely sharp, completely different from before.
The 'lotus killing intent' on Wang Yanmiao's body already completely erupted at this time. The streaks of gentle light on her body were like hedgehogs, stabbing towards Luo Zheng.
Wang Yanmiao continued, "You are Luo Yan's brother, yet you can't even ascend to Purgatory Mountain's peak, let alone rescue Luo Yan. Right now, the number of people in the entire Blue Cloud Sect who can help Luo Yan leave Purgatory Mountain is extremely few, and I, Wang Yanmiao, am one of them. That is why I want to know, where did your words of 'I am not worthy of Luo Yan' come from?"
The 'lotus killing intent' released from Wang Yanmiao's entire body crushed towards Luo Zheng like a great mountain. If not for Luo Zheng's soul being exceptionally powerful, right now, even standing when facing Wang Yanmiao would be extremely difficult.
When facing this type of expert, Luo Zheng's face didn't show the slightest trace of fear. "Even if this is the case, so what? My own little sister, so I will naturally be the one to rescue her! There is no need for outsiders to take action! "
Wang Yanmiao released a light chuckle, shaking her head. With her hands behind her back, she said, "Even though you can easily deal with the Xiantian first level Luo Peiran through the Marrow Refinement Realm, your methods admittedly exquisite and formidable, you are still … too weak, no different from an ant. If not for the fact that you aren't Luo Yan's older brother, with your strength, you don't even have the qualifications to stand here and speak to me! "
After speaking, a tender and glistening flower bud appeared on Wang Yanmiao's shoulder. After that flower bud appeared, it quickly expanded, and then it suddenly blossomed. It was actually a pink lotus flower.
When that lotus flower blossomed, a streak of white radiance erupted from her body, rushing into the sky!
This pillar of light that rushed into the sky seemed to have lit up half of Purgatory Mountain.
In this instant, everyone's eyes were drawn over.
Even those Purgatory Mountain's dedicated cultivators all cast over looks of shock.
"Who is actually burning true essence? It actually possesses such great power! "
"Divine Illumination Realm! It is actually a Divine Illumination Realm expert! Why did he come to Purgatory Mountain?! "
"That person is wearing purple clothes, a direct disciple. The one in front of him is a white robed disciple?"
"How is this possible? Outer sect disciple? In front of a Divine Illumination Realm expert, he is an ant-like existence that can be killed bare-handedly. Why does he still need to burn true essence? "
Many Purgatory Mountain's cultivators discussed amongst each other.
Divine Illumination Realm!
That was an existence even more powerful than Xiantian life forms.
Within the several hundred thousand Blue Cloud Sect's disciples, only a minuscule number could reach this realm. Moreover, all of them were direct disciples.
They couldn't understand why that direct disciple would use such power to suppress an outer sect disciple.
Normally speaking, if a Divine Illumination Realm expert wanted to deal with an outer sect disciple, they could turn the latter into scattered ashes with a wave of a finger.
Under such power, perhaps that outer sect disciple would be scared into an idiot, right?
Xiao Yufeng, within the small pavilion.
Through Xin Gui's observation, Su Lingyun already had a panoramic view of the scene that just happened.
"This brat, he really isn't an ordinary troublemaker!" Su Lingyun's brows furrowed. She raised her head and stared towards the northwest. Even from such a far distance, Su Lingyun could still see that fine thread-like pillar of light that rushed between heaven and earth.
"I don't care about you anymore! Just let you live or die on your own! "Su Lingyun curled her lips, her face completely filled with anger.
Luo Zheng's talent was admittedly outstanding, but this brat was too stubborn. He didn't listen to any of her suggestions at all!
In reality, regardless of whether it was Xiao Yufeng or the other instructors on the other thirty-two peaks, they didn't have much ability to control their disciples. After all, the relationship between an "instructor" and a disciple wasn't a true master-disciple relationship. Within the Blue Cloud Sect, only the relationship between a direct disciple and a master could be considered master-disciple.
The reason why she was angry at Luo Zheng for not listening to her was actually completely because of her own temperament …
Two breaths of time later, she lightly clenched her teeth. She looked at Xin Gui, at Luo Zheng's resolute face. In the end, she walked out of the small pavilion, stepped on a flying carriage, and then sped towards the northwest corner of Purgatory Mountain.
Purgatory Mountain, mountain peak.
Luo Yan's eyes were calm. That slingshot was still in her hands, as if she was immersed in her memories. From time to time, a sweet smile would appear at the corners of her lips.
In her head, the endless memories of her childhood were the things she cherished the most.
Right at this time, she suddenly saw a streak of white radiance suddenly appear at the waist of the mountain, rushing into the sky!
"This is Wang Yanmiao's true essence burning. Did he start to fight with someone?" Luo Yan turned her head slightly, indifferently gathering her gaze over.
Even though the distance between Purgatory Mountain's peak and waist of the mountain was extremely far, Luo Yan's pretty eyes could see everything that happened at the waist of the mountain.
Her eyes first focused on Wang Yanmiao. Then, she shifted her gaze away from Wang Yanmiao, and then she noticed the person opposite Wang Yanmiao.
"White-robed? Outer sect disciple? " The corners of Luo Yan's lips curled slightly. This really was a rare thing. She wondered which white-robed disciple was actually this daring, daring to confront Wang Yanmiao.
When Luo Yan's eyes shifted upwards, seeing that outer sect disciple's face, her watery eyes suddenly widened …
"Bro … brother?"
Even though she hadn't seen Luo Zheng for many years, how could she forget her older brother's appearance?
Why would Luo Zheng appear in Purgatory Mountain?
Why didn't Wang Yanmiao mention it? If her older brother came to Purgatory Mountain, there was no way her cousin Peiran wouldn't know.
Why would Luo Zheng confront Wang Yanmiao again?!
A string of questions appeared in her mind.
Let's put these questions aside for now. The one her older brother was facing was Wang Yanmiao. Wang Yanmiao was a Radiant Deity Realm expert, while her older brother was only an outer sect disciple. Wang Yanmiao could kill her older brother just by igniting her true essence!
When she thought of this, Luo Yan's mind immediately became anxious.
"Definitely not!"
She stood at the edge of the platform. Even though there was several thousand meters of distance between them, she still leapt up, and then jumped down.
Weng weng!
The instant Luo Yan jumped off the cliff, several hexagonal energy barriers appeared below her. Those energy barriers formed a semicircular wall, forcibly blocking Luo Yan behind.
"Six Sides Heavenly Star Formation!"
Luo Yan's face immediately fell.
After being punished to face the wall in Purgatory Mountain, she also understood clearly that there was a Six Sides Heavenly Star Formation trapping her within.
Only, Luo Yan never thought of escaping from this place, so she never took the initiative to trigger the Six Sides Heavenly Star Formation. She never expected that at this moment, she would actually be stopped by this formation.
She gave the area below another look. With her older brother's strength as an outer sect disciple, under Wang Yanmiao's pressure, he wouldn't be able to hold on for long. She had to go down today!
"Break for me!"
The young lady reached out her slender white jade finger, jabbing towards the hexagonal energy barrier.
Even though this finger was extremely ordinary, it contained terrifying power.
Bang!
The Six Sides Heavenly Star Formation was an extremely powerful formation.
After being jabbed by Luo Yan, the three connected hexagons immediately shattered.
However, just as they were about to shatter, another three hexagons appeared to block the gap.
What to do …
What to do!
Luo Yan became more and more anxious!
She jabbed her finger at the Six Sides Heavenly Star Formation again and again, but this formation's energy seemed to be endless. No matter how many energy barriers she destroyed, they would always be repaired in an instant.
In the face of Wang Yanmiao's sudden eruption of tremendous pressure, Luo Zheng stood in place, not moving at all.
This type of pressure was already no longer imposing manner, but the pressure released by burning true essence.
Just a small portion of the pressure released was already so terrifying. This person's strength might have already surpassed the Xiantian level.
He was an Illuminating Deity expert!
"Do you feel the difference in strength between you and me? I only need a light finger to kill you! However, even if it is me, if I want to rescue Luo Yan, it is still an extremely exhausting matter. And you … you don't even have the qualifications to meet her! "Wang Yanmiao waved her sleeves, pointing at Luo Zheng as she spoke.
Under his feet, pink lotuses continuously bloomed, withered, and bloomed again.
＝＝＝＝＝

Chapter 77
With the strength of the Marrow Refining stage, Luo Zheng was able to face his pressure head-on without retreating or trembling. Just this point alone showed that Luo Zheng's strength was far superior to those of the same stage.
Even Wang Hengzhi, who was at the Xiantian second stage, had not faced Wang Yanmiao's pressure head-on. At this moment, his face was deathly pale, and he had no choice but to circulate the vital essence in his body to resist this pressure.
Luo Zheng was only at the Marrow Refining stage and did not have vital essence. At this moment, it was very difficult for him to even condense his vital essence.
Relying on the strength of his body and the tenacity of his soul, he did not retreat a single step.
"This person's' intent 'is not that strong. It's far inferior to the intent of Xingtian in the Heavenly Book Pavilion. However, the violent pressure caused by the burning of his vital essence is so terrifying …!" Although Luo Zheng's willpower was like cast iron, it was still very uncomfortable under the erosion of this pressure.
Many people who encountered such a strong opponent would find it difficult to even have a trace of resistance in their hearts when the gap between them was so huge. Luo Zheng was the same.
He suspected that in the next moment, his whole body would be crushed by this pressure …
"No, I can't retreat!"
In this world, having a willpower that was far stronger than ordinary people could indeed create miracles.
The gap between Luo Zheng and Wang Yanmiao was too big. It was like the gap between heaven and earth. This gap could not be made up with willpower alone.
Therefore, at this moment, Luo Zheng was bitterly holding on. One could imagine the pain he was suffering.
Seeing Luo Zheng struggling in front of him, Wang Yanmiao's face revealed a trace of surprise. This guy's tenacity was far beyond his imagination.
Wang Yanmiao was very clear about how strong the burning of his vital essence was. In order to make Luo Zheng remember it more deeply, he deliberately pressed most of the pressure towards him.
Marrow Refining stage …
His body had not yet surpassed the limit …
You can actually stand in front of me?
"Stubbornly holding on? Let's see how long you can hold on! " A faint sneer appeared on Wang Yanmiao's face. Then, the True Essence burst out from his body and burned even more crazily. The beam of light from his body became even more dazzling.
At the same time, the Lotus Killing Intent emitted from Wang Yanmiao's body became more and more intense. The Lotus Killing Intent, wrapped in a huge power, seemed to want to devour Luo Zheng.
Luo Zheng's body was far different from ordinary people's. He could withstand the pressure caused by the burning of his True Essence. After all, he had a Xuan Weapon Body.
However, his soul was finding it hard to bear.
Previously, he had relied on the Qinglong roar in his mind to resist the corrosion of the Heaven Punishing Intent. However, at this moment, the Heaven and Earth Smelt in his mind was completely silent.
"I can only rely on myself!"
This might, after combining with his "Lotus Killing Intent", was indeed terrifying, but it was unable to cause any substantial harm to him.
It's mainly because Wang Yanmiao oppressed my soul and affected my state of mind.
Only by stabilizing one's soul and maintaining one's state of mind would one be able to resist it!
"That's right, use that move!"
The state of selflessness!
Completely forget about oneself!
The state of selflessness was actually a very profound state of soul cultivation.
Even with the strength of the Divine Reflection Realm, there were very few people who could comprehend this state. This was because cultivating the soul and cultivating the body were two completely different things.
Completely selfless, with no desires or desires.
After entering the state of selflessness, Luo Zheng looked down on himself with a completely different attitude. It was as if his body was just an empty shell that could be destroyed by others. He was not the slightest bit moved or afraid.
As for Wang Yanmiao, no matter how powerful your Lotus Killing Intent was, if you wanted to rely on these to destroy his body, it would be a dream.
After entering the state of selflessness, Luo Zheng had completely calmed down. His deathly pale face gradually returned to normal. His eyes revealed an ethereal color. He looked at Wang Yanmiao very calmly and even revealed a faint smile.
You're strong, you're strong. No matter how much killing intent or power you, Wang Yanmiao, I will remain unmoved!
Wang Yanmiao originally thought that Luo Zheng would not be able to hold on. Just now, he had poured in even more True Essence to burn and explode. This was enough to be the straw that broke Luo Zheng's back.
He didn't expect this brat to be so tenacious. Not only did he not retreat half a step, he faced him with an even more relaxed expression. That smile on his face, was it ridicule?
Wang Yanmiao felt that he was a giant, and Luo Zheng was an ant crawling on the ground. This ant was very tenacious. He gently blew at it, but it actually firmly clung to the ground, not moving at all. So he blew at it again, but this ant still stubbornly clung to the ground and even mocked him, a giant!
Unconsciously, anger rose in Wang Yanmiao's heart!
With his status and strength, he was actually angered by a mere Marrow Refining Stage cultivator.
This was equivalent to an adult getting angry while teasing an ant.
If he hadn't seen it with his own eyes, it would have sounded unbelievable.
Wang Yanmiao's previous politeness, modesty, and restraint towards Luo Zheng had disappeared without a trace.
He became serious towards an ant.
"Kneel for me!" Wang Yanmiao slowly raised his hand and gently pressed down on Luo Zheng.
Since I can't suppress you with just my aura, I'll use my true strength!
Wang Yanmiao gently waved her arm and lotus flowers appeared around Luo Zheng. Then, like rain, they began to fall down in bits and pieces.
The weight of these lotus flowers was astonishing. When some lotus flowers touched the ground, they immediately crushed the black gravel on the ground, causing it to sink deeply.
Each lotus flower had the weight of more than ten cauldrons!
Some of the lotus flowers scattered on Luo Zheng's shoulders and took root and sprouted on Luo Zheng's body!
In the blink of an eye, more than ten exceptionally beautiful lotus flowers fell on Luo Zheng's body, head, and back.
These lotus flowers had the strength of more than a hundred cauldrons.
Equivalent to more than a hundred cauldrons, a terrifying gravity of more than a hundred thousand jin, pulled Luo Zheng's body to the ground.
"What a terrifying weight!"
Luo Zheng's back was bent under the weight of the lotus flowers.
This enormous force was too much for him to bear.
However, no matter how bent his spine was, his legs were still straight!
"You want to make me yield with this little bit of strength?" Luo Zheng clenched his teeth and stiffened his body. His eyes revealed an unyielding look.
"Oh? Thirteen lotus flowers, that's 130 cauldrons of strength, and it's still not enough to make you kneel? " The mockery in Wang Yanmiao's eyes intensified. With another wave of his hand, more than ten lotus flowers fell lightly and attached themselves to Luo Zheng's body at the same time.
More than 200 cauldrons of strength!
"Let's see how you're going to hold on," Wang Yanmiao said indifferently.
"Crack!"
Luo Zheng's feet sank deeply into the ground. Thick black gravel wrapped around his legs.
Luo Zheng gasped for breath. Looking at Wang Yanmiao's disdainful face, a wave of anger rose from his heart.
The enormous pressure pressed him into the ground step by step. His knees were also bending little by little. It was only a matter of time before he knelt down in front of him.
"Yes, just like that. Kneel down. With your little strength, only kneel down will you have the right to talk to me!" Wang Yanmiao said with a chuckle.
Just as Luo Zheng's knees were about to touch the ground, Luo Zheng suddenly roared, "You want me to kneel down with you? In your dreams! "
At the same time as he roared, Luo Zheng communicated with the sculpture of Qinglong in his mind. The seven dragon scales lit up at the same time. A power that originated from ancient times, from the wilderness, and from the depths of the universe rushed towards Luo Zheng's body in an extremely turbulent manner.
At the same time, every muscle in Luo Zheng's body tensed up.
In an instant, Luo Zheng broke free from the 20 lotus flowers all over his body!
"Xiu!"
The broken throwing knife in his hand suddenly shot out.
"Soul-Shaking Spike!"
The grayish Soul-Shaking Spike arrived first, fiercely stabbing towards Wang Yanmiao's head.
Luo Zheng had used this set of attack countless times in actual combat. He was already incomparably adept at it. It was almost done in one go!
This was also his greatest killing move now!
Wang Yanmiao was caught off guard and was stabbed by Luo Zheng's Soul-Shaking Spike.
If an ordinary expert was stabbed by Luo Zheng's Soul-Shaking Spike, their soul would definitely be damaged and the pain would be unbearable.
Even an expert of Xiantian Stage Four like He Tiancheng would suffer the same.
However, when the Soul-Shaking Spike pierced Wang Yanmiao's head, a red light curtain suddenly appeared on his head and blocked the Soul-Shaking Spike.
However, the Soul-Shaking Spike was a Heaven Stage technique after all. The Soul-Shaking Spike was only slightly blocked. It still pierced through the red light curtain and stabbed into Wang Yanmiao's head.
Wang Yanmiao was worthy of being an expert of the Divine Reflection Realm. His soul was also very strong. The Soul-Shaking Spike only made him dizzy for a moment before he recovered.
However, it was this moment that almost took Wang Yanmiao's life.
Luo Zheng's broken throwing knife shot over. By the time Wang Yanmiao regained his consciousness, it was only a few feet away from his head.
A lotus flower suddenly appeared in front of the broken flying dagger, and was immediately pierced through by the broken flying dagger.
Two more lotus flowers blocked the path of the broken throwing knife but were still pierced by it.
It wasn't until the third lotus flower, which contained more than ten ding of strength, heavily smashed into the broken throwing knife that the extremely sharp throwing knife deviated from its target.
However, even though it deviated, the throwing knife still left a bloody mark on Wang Yanmiao's incomparably handsome face.
One could imagine that if Wang Yanmiao's reaction had been just a bit slower, he would have most likely become a lifeless corpse at this moment.
Wang Yanmiao's talent was outstanding since he was a child. His journey on the martial path was smooth sailing. He was already in the Divine Reflection Realm at a young age and became a rising star among the imperial city's landowning households.
Although the Wang Family was a landowning household, it was originally only a small landowning household compared to the seven major landowning households.
However, because the Wang Family produced Wang Yanmiao and Wang Yanmiao's father, Wang Daonan, these two people brought the Wang Family step by step into the top ten ranks. They were faintly on par with the traditional seven major aristocratic families!
It was impossible for any cultivator of the martial path to reach where they were by smooth sailing.
However, this was the closest Wang Yanmiao had ever come to death.

Chapter 78
"Thump, thump, thump …"
Wang Yanmiao's strong and powerful heart was beating violently. Blood flowed out from the thin wound and dyed half of his face red. "Unexpected, really unexpected!" Wang Yanmiao stretched out his sleeve and wiped away the blood on his face. "Just now, Luo Peiran held his head and howled in pain. He must have been hit by your soul attack. No wonder Luo Peiran was defeated by you in just one move. A guy in the Refining Marrow Stage actually grasped the method of soul attack. It's really unexpected!"
After all, Wang Yanmiao was a famous expert. After walking back from the brink of death, he realized that it was absolutely stupid to treat Luo Zheng as an ant.
"You're just an assassin disguised as an ant. If I didn't have the protection of my family's heirloom treasure, and my soul is also very strong, I'm afraid I would have died under your flying knife." Wang Yanmiao said neither quickly nor slowly. He stretched out his hand and wiped the blood on his face. "This wound is the price I have to pay for underestimating you. You've already done very well to injure me. It's enough for you to be proud. But you also have to pay the price, even if you're Luo Yan's brother!"
As Wang Yanmiao spoke, a string of lotus flowers floated out from his hand. These lotus flowers were suffused with a pink glow and had a strange charm. They were extremely powerful killing weapons.
"I'll crush you into pieces!"
Facing those dense lotus flowers, Luo Zheng had no way to dodge. His whole body was instantly covered by the lotus flowers.
Each lotus flower had the strength of ten ding.
At this moment, there were more than a hundred on Luo Zheng's body.
Although Luo Zheng's body was desperately absorbing the pressure, turning it into a warm current, desperately washing Luo Zheng's body, this pressure was too terrifying.
However, the pressure was too great and terrifying. Even though Luo Zheng was a Spiritual Weapon, he could not withstand it!
"Pa!"
A crack unexpectedly appeared on Luo Zheng's body. Blood gushed out from the crack. His body was already on the verge of collapse. At any moment, he would be crushed by these lotuses that weighed ten ding.
"Brother!"
When Luo Yan saw this scene, tears fell from her eyes like pearls from a broken necklace.
She glared hatefully at the Six Directions Heavenly Star Formation that enveloped her. Then, she suddenly stopped crying.
Luo Yan's eyes were full of despair. In the midst of despair, she suddenly had a trace of decisiveness!
A stream of True Yuan condensed in the girl's right hand. Then, the True Yuan scattered around her right hand, forming six small runes that slowly rotated around her right hand.
"I must break this barrier!"
The six tiny runes began to emit tiny purple lightning bolts.
Those lightning bolts were extremely small, but the power they contained was frightening.
"Forbidden Art, Annihilation Thunder!"
The purple lightning connected the tiny runes together and spun faster and faster.
The color on Luo Yan's face quickly disappeared and became deathly pale.
To be able to be called a forbidden technique, it was an extremely powerful cultivation technique. At the same time, one had to pay an extremely heavy price to learn it.
Unless it was absolutely necessary, Luo Yan would never use it.
However, right now, she couldn't just watch as her brother died in front of her eyes.
No matter how powerful the Six Directions Heavenly Star Formation was, she still had to break through it.
Right at this time, an aged voice suddenly sounded.
"Stop, stop! Stop! Luo Yan, don't use the forbidden technique! " A completely white haired elder appeared at Luo Yan's side. That elder floated in midair, about a zhang from Luo Yan. Right now, his face was full of helplessness.
Luo Yan's hand movements slowed down. She looked at the elder with her clear eyes, pointing at the sky reaching pillar of light and saying, "Then just undo the Six Sides Heavenly Star Formation and let me go down. Don't worry, I won't leave Purgatory Mountain, I am only going there to settle a matter!"
When he heard Luo Yan's request, the elder said with a bitter smile, "This Six Directions Heavenly Star Formation was arranged by Divine Formation Child, how can I undo it? Moreover, this great formation isn't only trapping you, there are five other people on Purgatory Mountain's peak. If this formation is truly undone, I believe Luo Yan you won't escape Purgatory Mountain. However, it is hard to say what will happen to the other five. "
The elder's words were extremely reasonable.
There were a total of six people trapped on Purgatory Mountain's peak. Apart from Luo Yan, the other six were also extremely powerful.
Moreover, the Six Directions Heavenly Star Formation was extremely exhausting to set up. Apart from Blue Cloud Sect's number one illusion formation master 'Divine Formation Child', no one else could undo it.
Luo Yan pursed her lips. Her eyes stared blankly at her brother's figure covered by lotus flowers. "It's fine if I don't destroy this formation, but you have to go down and save my brother!"
The elder laughed and said, "This … there is no need for me to take action. It seems like there is already someone who wishes to save Luo Zheng."
"Who?" Luo Yan asked.
The elder pointed into the distance. A flying chariot sped over from not too far away.
"Her? Her highness Lingyun? " Luo Yan's expression flickered with a hint of confusion. Luo Yan couldn't understand why her highness Lingyun would come to save Luo Zheng. There was no way she had any relationship with her brother.
"Luo Zheng is Teacher Su's disciple." When he saw Luo Yan's confused expression, the elder explained, "With her highness Lingyun appearing, nothing will happen to Luo Zheng."
"I hope that is the case." Only now did Luo Yan's mood calm down a bit. She calmly observed the changes taking place at the mountainside. If there were any strange movements, she would definitely break through the Six Directions Heavenly Star Formation!
…
…
If it was an ordinary Marrow Refinement Realm disciple, after suffering several hundred cauldrons of pressure, they might have already been crushed into a lump of meat paste.
Even if it was an Xiantian expert, they similarly wouldn't be able to endure this type of terrifying pressure.
Luo Zheng bore this pressure, but his body was also on the verge of collapse.
That kind of heaviness was like carrying a mountain on his back. Even breathing was a very difficult thing to do.
"The Divine Reflection Realm is actually so powerful. There is simply no chance to fight back!" Unable to move, Luo Zheng didn't give up thinking. After entering the State of Selflessness, even if he was on the verge of death, Luo Zheng was still able to remain calm.
Even if his body was constantly cracking and spurting blood, and would completely collapse at any time.
Because after entering the State of Selflessness, Luo Zheng had completely separated his body from his soul. It was as if the body was someone else's body, and not his own.
What other trump cards did he have?
Broken flying daggers …
Dragon scales …
Soul-Frightening Spike …
These methods were no longer of any use.
If he had to rely on something, the only thing he hadn't put to use was the Divine Devil Fist, a Saint Class secret book.
Even in the entire Blue Cloud Sect, he was the only one who had obtained the Divine Devil Fist. Although its power couldn't be underestimated, the difficulty of practicing this Saint Class secret book was really too high. During this period of time, whenever he had free time, he would try to comprehend the Divine Devil Fist, hoping to condense a trace of Heavenly Devil Qi in his body.
But after many attempts, he still didn't get any results.
This made Luo Zheng wonder whether he was unable to practice this Saint Class technique.
Obtaining a divine technique, but not being able to practice it, was indeed something that made Luo Zheng vexed.
But the repeated fruitless practice also dampened Luo Zheng's enthusiasm. Therefore, these days he temporarily put the Divine Devil Fist aside.
Now Luo Zheng was walking on the verge of death.
Perhaps in just a few breaths, his body would be crushed into pieces, and he would die for good.
"I don't want to give up like this! The path of martial arts is endless, but I've only seen the light of the Thousand Zhang Peak. I want to see more! "
"I want to try again and see if I can cultivate Heavenly Devil Qi!"
At this moment, his whole body had been pressed down, and this movement happened to be one of the movements of practicing the Divine Devil Fist.
Following this movement, Luo Zheng began to operate his power.
"The remaining power in the front, the surging power in the back, the remaining power floats up, up and down, without beginning or trace, the cycle goes back and forth …"
Luo Zheng was very familiar with this method of operating his power. He had used it many times.
But he didn't succeed once.
This time, he still didn't succeed.
Disappointed, Luo Zheng still didn't give up. Instead, he practiced again according to the method.
The second time, there was still no response.
"Bang!"
At this moment, two more cracks appeared on Luo Zheng's body.
There were seven or eight cracks all over his body, and blood was gurgling out.
Luo Zheng had no time to care about other things, so he operated it again.
Under this operation, Luo Zheng felt a strange feeling coming from his Dantian!
"Success?" Luo Zheng was shocked.
He felt that in his Dantian, a True Qi that was completely different from the Purple Sandalwood True Qi appeared.
This was the Heavenly Devil Qi!
At the same time, Luo Zheng found something even more strange.
When the Heavenly Devil Qi was produced, it began to devour the Purple Sandalwood True Qi in his body.
What a tyrannical Heavenly Devil Qi, it could actually devour other True Qi.
A person's body could only contain one type of True Qi. Under normal circumstances, if a person practiced other methods and produced a second type of True Qi, the former type of True Qi would be released.
But the Heavenly Devil Qi actually devoured the Purple Sandalwood True Qi directly.
The Purple Sandalwood True Qi in Luo Zheng's Dantian was rapidly decreasing, while the Heavenly Devil Qi was rapidly increasing. Under this situation, the Heavenly Devil Qi quickly filled Luo Zheng's entire Dantian.
"The Heavenly Devil Fist is a holy method. Presumably, the Heavenly Devil Qi's power is much greater than the Purple Sandalwood True Qi! Let me see how powerful this Heavenly Devil Qi is! "Being able to comprehend this Heavenly Devil Qi, Luo Zheng still couldn't feel happy.
He also knew that his strength was too weak.
In front of Wang Yanmiao, who was in the Illuminating God Stage, he was completely worthless.
But in Luo Zheng's dictionary, the word "give up" absolutely didn't exist. As long as there was a trace of a chance, he must fight to the end!
"Hiss …"
Just as Luo Zheng operated the Heavenly Devil Qi, a strange scene appeared.

Chapter 79
There were countless types of true energy in this world. Every type of true energy had different abilities.
Some types of true energy could greatly strengthen the body, making one's strength boundless, able to tear apart tigers and leopards, push mountains and crush rocks.
There were also some types of true energy that could make one's speed reach the extreme, able to cross a thousand li in an instant.
Everyone's cultivation methods were different. The color, shape, and effects of their true energy were also completely different.
However, the Sky Devil true energy Luo Zheng condensed right now not only devoured Luo Zheng's Red Sandalwood true energy, when that Sky Devil true energy spread over the surface of Luo Zheng's body, it actually began to devour Wang Yanmiao's true essence.
After becoming an innate life form, true energy would turn into true essence. Then, one would be able to carry out true essence transformation.
Wang Yanmiao was at the Divine Reflection Realm. Because she cultivated a heaven ranked cultivation method, the 'Lotus Treasure Mirror', her true essence could turn into pink lotuses one after another.
These lotuses looked bright and beautiful, but they could erupt with fatal and terrifying power.
However, right now, the Sky Devil true energy that surged from Luo Zheng's body actually continuously devoured the lotuses formed from true essence one after another.
The devouring speed of the Heavenly Devil Zhen Qi was extremely fast. When the dark purple Zhen Qi gently touched the pink lotus, the pure and flawless lotus suddenly had a dent. More and more dents appeared, and soon, the entire lotus was devoured with many notches. In a short while, the lotus was completely devoured and disappeared.
The lotuses that were originally densely packed all over Luo Zheng's body were already completely devoured by the Sky Devil true energy in just a few breaths of time.
When all of the lotuses disappeared, Luo Zheng's horrifying injuries were also exposed.
When those Purgatory Mountain cultivators saw the injuries on Luo Zheng's body, they all couldn't help but suck in a cold breath of air.
They couldn't imagine just what kind of method could actually make one's skin break apart.
In reality, there were many reasons for this type of injury. The pressure from Wang Yanmiao's lotuses was too great. If it was anyone else, they would have been directly crushed into a meat patty by those incomparably heavy lotuses. However, Luo Zheng's body was as sturdy as a spiritual artifact. Even though he had such a terrifying weight added to his body, in the end, he still couldn't endure it, and that was why his body broke apart like this.
At this time, Luo Zheng had no time to care about other things. He didn't care about his injury. He clenched his right hand into a fist and spread out the five fingers of his left hand, gently pressing it against his right arm.
"The first style of the Heavenly Demon God Fist, Demon Moves the World!"
Before this, Luo Zheng did not have the Heavenly Demon Genuine Qi in his body, so no matter how hard he practiced, he could not exert the power of the Heavenly Demon God Fist.
However, Luo Zheng spent every day in his spare time trying to comprehend it. He read through the secret manual, Fists of Gods and Devils, and memorized it by heart.
When he used the move "Demonic Moves the World", all the Heavenly Demon True Qi in his body flowed through his meridians, and he understood all the subtleties of the move. It was almost at his fingertips. This was what it meant to be well-prepared!
Streams of Heavenly Devil Zhen Qi crazily gathered in Luo Zheng's hand. Then, Luo Zheng took a step forward. With this step, the mountain shook and the ground shook. The black gravel in the area with him as the center was instantly shaken into fine powder.
Then, Luo Zheng lightly punched out.
A punch through the air.
A dark purple shadow of a fist appeared out of thin air in front of Luo Zheng. When the shadow of the fist appeared, it quickly grew bigger. The shadow of the fist was as tall as a person, and it rushed towards Wang Yanmiao.
Seeing such a huge shadow of the fist, Wang Yanmiao's face became unprecedentedly serious.
Even though Luo Zheng had used the means of soul attack to disturb Wang Yanmiao's mind, and then shot the broken flying dagger at his head, almost taking Wang Yanmiao's life, Wang Yanmiao was still not serious.
Although Luo Zheng's means of attack were sharp, in Wang Yanmiao's view, this kind of sneak attack was not good enough. In front of an absolute gap in strength, Luo Zheng's means were not worth mentioning.
But now, when Wang Yanmiao saw this dark purple shadow of the fist, he finally understood that this young man could reach this step without relying on external help!
To be able to swallow his own lotus, transform it into Genuine Qi for his own use, and even counterattack at the last moment, just this steady and uncompromising mind was far beyond the vast majority of people in this world!
What made Wang Yanmiao even more shocked was the power of this fist.
Luo Zheng was only in the Refining Marrow stage, and could only condense Genuine Qi. But with Genuine Qi, he could exert such power in this fist. What kind of fist technique did he use? If he became a Xiantian lifeform and could control Genuine Qi, wouldn't the power of this fist be unstoppable?
There was not much time for Wang Yanmiao to imagine.
The performance of this weak little ant in front of him had repeatedly exceeded Wang Yanmiao's expectations. This made Wang Yanmiao feel a trace of danger. Even he himself felt this sense of danger was absurd, but it was the reason for him to be serious.
The blazing white pillar of light exploded with an even brighter light in an instant.
Wang Yanmiao neither dodged nor evaded. He also punched out.
Wang Yanmiao did not hold back in this punch.
What kind of power was this when a Divine Reflection expert used all his strength?
His fist just happened to hit Luo Zheng's huge shadow of the fist in the air.
"Bang! Honglonglong! "
At the point where the two fists collided, a terrifying whirlwind was formed. Then, the whirlwind spread at an extremely fast speed, sweeping up all the black gravel and smashing it heavily against the mountain walls on both sides of the mountain.
All of Purgatory Mountain shook a bit at this time. Many giant rocks tumbled down from the mountain walls, smashing into the mountain stream, releasing loud noises.
When the bitter cultivators of Purgatory Mountain saw this scene, their expressions all changed.
Some buildings that were built against the walls were even smashed to pieces by the giant rocks. Fortunately, those bitter cultivators' strength was not bad. Even though their residences were destroyed, they weren't injured.
Only, these bitter cultivators couldn't understand at all. This was clearly a Refining Marrow brat, so how could he exchange a blow with a Divine Reflection expert?
This battle had completely exceeded their imaginations.
On the mountain peak, Luo Yan's eyes were similarly full of shock. "The power of big brother's fist just now was actually so shocking, actually forcing Wang Yanmiao to take action!"
The elder nodded. "However, Luo Zheng's strength is still too weak. That fist should have already exhausted all of the true energy in his body, so he shouldn't be able to take action a second time. However … Wang Yanmiao doesn't have a chance either. Su Lingyun has already arrived!"
Not far out, Su Lingyun's flying carriage already quickly reached the waist of the mountain, quickly approaching Luo Zheng.
"This fist's power isn't bad." Wang Yanmiao laughed. "Being able to release this fist means that you have the qualifications to be my opponent. Even though … I know that this fist has already exhausted almost all of your true energy, that you already cannot release a second fist, for you to be my opponent, moreover die under my fist, this is already enough to make you feel extremely honored!"
A person's body was just like a cup.
The higher one's cultivation level, the larger this cup would be, the more true energy it could hold.
Only after entering the Xiantian realm would the body, this vessel, be qualified to hold true energy.
As for the Divine Reflection realm, Wang Yanmiao's body was almost equivalent to a lake, the amount of true energy it could hold was almost immeasurable.
After releasing this fist, Luo Zheng had already drained all of the Heavenly Demon's true energy from his body. At this moment, Luo Zheng was only an empty cup. His true energy was exhausted, his face was pale, and he was already an arrow at the end of its flight.
"Die!" Wang Yanmiao smiled and swung his fist again, the image of a pink lotus blossoming on his fist.
Luo Zheng faced this fist head-on without sorrow or fear.
Since childhood, he had read countless books and understood that no matter what it was, as long as one reached one's own limits, then one would not let oneself down.
For the current him, Wang Yanmiao was still a powerful opponent that he could not defeat.
In the face of this fist, Luo Zheng closed his eyes.
"Stop, Wang Yanmiao!"
The galloping Su Lingyun had no time to save him, so she could only shout.
Wang Yanmiao glanced at the rapidly approaching Su Lingyun on the Flying Chariot and heard her voice, but his fist did not pause in the slightest, still smashing toward Luo Zheng.
"Wang Yanmiao, do you want your clan to be wiped out?!" Su Lingyun shouted again. This time, her voice was clearly colder, and her words were rather threatening.
Do you want your clan to be wiped out?
It was true that Wang Yanmiao was powerful, and he was already at the Divine Reflection realm at such a young age. One could imagine that his future prospects were limitless.
But the Wang Clan was not destined to be one of the seven major landowning clans.
If Su Lingyun truly wanted to wipe out the Wang Clan, it was not impossible, and she also had the Son of Heaven's Medallion.
This was by no means a threat.
Wang Yanmiao himself did not have much misgivings about Su Lingyun. To Wang Yanmiao, Su Lingyun was just an unfavored princess.
But Su Lingyun's threat hit Wang Yanmiao's weak spot.
The Wang Clan was a landowning clan, and it had many assets. If the clan was wiped out because of this, it would not be worth it.
Just as the fist was about to smash toward Luo Zheng, the fist abruptly stopped in front of Luo Zheng. The seriousness on Wang Yanmiao's face disappeared without a trace, and he regained his calm appearance. At the same time, he said to Su Lingyun casually, "Your Highness Ling Yun, I was just joking with Luo Zheng, exchanging pointers. Why would it cause the clan to be wiped out?"
Su Lingyun released a cold snort. "I actually thought that it would be best if you really delivered that fist. Let's see if your Wang Family can still stand in the capital!"
Wang Yanmiao laughed in embarrassment, but she didn't show any weakness. She said to Luo Zheng, "You are quite good, but I still have to say those words. Right now, you don't even have the qualifications to meet Luo Yan, let alone the qualifications to stop me!"
"Three years." Luo Zheng reached out three fingers.
"What three years?" Wang Yanmiao's brows furrowed slightly.
"Three years, I can defeat you, and I can even bring Luo Yan out of Purgatory Mountain!" Luo Zheng said.
Wang Yanmiao laughed again, moreover in a rather deranged manner, as if he heard the funniest joke in this world. "Hahaha, three years … good, you have guts, you have boldness. I will give you three years of time. If you cannot defeat me in three years, then you naturally cannot bring Luo Yan down from Purgatory Mountain. At that time, I will take your life!"
He pointed at Luo Zheng. After saying this, he floated away. Behind him, the pink lotuses on the ground quickly turned into specks of true essence, disappearing into this world.
＝＝＝＝＝

Chapter 80
The reason Wang Yanmiao was willing to leave so quickly was because Su Lingyun was here.
In terms of strength, Wang Yanmiao didn't fear Su Lingyun. What he feared was Su Lingyun's identity.
The others picked up Luo Peiran from the ground, and then followed behind Wang Yanmiao, quickly leaving.
"Why was there a need to make this type of agreement with him?" Su Lingyun jumped off the Flying Imperial Chariot, walking up to Luo Zheng and asking.
When it came to Luo Yan's matters, Luo Zheng was just as stubborn as before. When he heard Su Lingyun's words, Luo Zheng thought for a bit, and then replied, "I don't wish for this type of person to get close to Luo Yan."
"Wang Yanmiao is currently the target of the entire Blue Cloud Sect's nurturing, a direct disciple. Moreover, he is the landowning Wang Family's only child. Is he that bad?" Su Lingyun asked.
"Not good!" Luo Zheng came to this conclusion extremely quickly.
Su Lingyun laughed. "Perhaps he is only bad in your eyes. However, in the eyes of those unmarried girls in the capital, Wang Yanmiao is someone they hate to marry …"
"My younger sister is naturally not a match for this type of outstanding person. He can find anyone, but he shouldn't be looking for Luo Yan!" Luo Zheng said coldly.
When she saw Luo Zheng's appearance, Su Lingyun's heart also jumped lightly. Previously, she really did misunderstand Luo Zheng. She indeed didn't expect Luo Zheng to actually be Luo Yan's older brother. Meanwhile, the biggest reason why Luo Zheng was so eager to earn points was precisely to ascend Purgatory Mountain and rescue Luo Yan.
Luo Zheng's way of thinking was correct, but Su Lingyun still sighed inwardly. He was too naive, treating Luo Yan's matter too simply.
"Mentor Su, I'm going up the mountain to see Luo Yan," Luo Zheng said and walked towards the top of the mountain.
Su Lingyun, who was behind Luo Zheng, couldn't help but shake her head and say, "You can't see Luo Yan."
"Why?" Luo Zheng's eyebrows stood up like sharp swords. He didn't expect that Wang Yanmiao and Mentor Su would say the same thing.
Qualifications? What kind of qualification was that? Since I entered Purgatory Mountain, why are you still not allowing me to see Luo Yan?
"The one imprisoned at the peak of Purgatory Mountain is definitely not an ordinary person. You are nothing more than an outer sect disciple, so how can you easily meet her? There is a large formation at the top of the mountain called the Six Directions Heavenly Star Formation. Without permission, you won't be able to enter this formation with your strength, "said Su Lingyun slowly.
When he heard Su Lingyun's words, Luo Zheng's expression immediately became extremely ugly.
For the sake of entering Purgatory Mountain, he actively took on missions, stirring up so much trouble, yet he couldn't even meet Luo Yan. This result was something Luo Zheng definitely couldn't accept.
As such, Luo Zheng still stubbornly walked up the mountain. However, he forgot that right now, his entire body was covered in injuries. Even though the ghastly wounds on his body already stopped bleeding, when he moved, he touched those injuries. His face immediately became deathly pale, the pain almost making him faint.
With a putong sound, Luo Zheng fell onto the ground.
"Why bother?" Su Lingyun said in a daze. This fella didn't listen to her words at all.
Luo Zheng who was lying on the ground gasped for a few breaths of air. He still tried to climb up Purgatory Mountain's peak. After his movements, the wounds that were originally already closed now had blood flowing out again.
When Su Lingyun saw this scene, she shook her head. In the end, she released a sigh. She reached out her hand, sending three streaks of true essence towards Luo Zheng. With this sweep, she moved Luo Zheng's body onto the Flying Chariot. Then, she also jumped onto the Flying Chariot, continuously ascending towards Purgatory Mountain's peak.
When they were about a hundred zhang from the peak, a streak of bright blue radiance suddenly shone, surrounding the entire mountain peak within.
"This is the Six Directions Heavenly Star Formation. We can't cross it anymore." Su Lingyun said.
Luo Zheng sat on the Flying Chariot, widening his eyes, trying to search for his younger sister's figure on the mountain peak.
Even though Luo Zheng's eyes and ears were renewed after entering the Marrow Refinement Realm, able to see further, this distance was still a bit too far. How could it be that easy to find Luo Yan's figure?
However, right when Luo Zheng was completely focused on finding Luo Yan, a streak of resplendent radiance suddenly shone to his right.
Luo Zheng looked over.
He saw that on the distant stone platform, a young lady was slender and elegant, standing at the edge of the stone platform. Her entire body was currently burning with true essence. Extremely dazzling radiance rushed into the sky from her body, forming a purple pillar of light. That pillar of light was even a bit brighter than the one on Wang Yanmiao's body.
Luo Zheng carefully looked over. Because the distance was too far, the young lady's appearance was blurry, but Luo Zheng could still recognize her clearly!
That was precisely Luo Yan.
The brother and sister looked at each other. Even though the distance was too far, the two of them were extremely calm right now.
Suddenly, Luo Zheng stood up from the Flying Chariot, making a hand gesture towards Luo Yan.
When they saw this hand gesture, Su Lingyun and the elder at Luo Yan's side all had a bit of confusion on their faces. They didn't understand the meaning behind this hand gesture.
However, Luo Yan instead revealed a smile.
He knew the meaning behind his brother's hand gesture, and he also understood what his brother wanted to say to him.
"I will protect you!"
This hand gesture was something Luo Yan had seen many times when he was young.
Even though Luo Yan's current strength was far more valiant than Luo Zheng's.
That past weak and helpless young lady already didn't need Luo Zheng's protection.
However, right now, it made her heart feel extremely full. Only at this time would she feel that she was safe …
"Let's go …" Luo Zheng said indifferently.
"Don't you need to stay a bit longer?" Su Lingyun asked quietly.
Luo Zheng shook his head and said, "There's no need."
Then, Su Lingyun turned the Flying Chariot around, flying down Purgatory Mountain.
Only when they left Purgatory Mountain, after ensuring that Luo Yan's vision couldn't see that far, did Luo Zheng collapse on the Flying Chariot in disappointment.
Just now, Luo Zheng barely managed to stand up, almost exhausting all of his strength.
When she saw this scene, Su Lingyun curled her lips. This fella really liked to show off. "Your injuries are quite serious."
"I won't die." Luo Zheng stared at the stars in the sky in a daze. There were no clouds tonight, the starry sky exceptionally bright. The scattered stars in the horizon formed a fine silver river.
Pa ta!
A blood red pill fell next to Luo Zheng, rolling down the Flying Chariot's deck, landing by Luo Zheng's ear.
Luo Zheng reached out his hand, picking up that red pill. When he saw that pill, he immediately took a deep breath. "It's entirely scarlet red, five cloud pill patterns. If I didn't see incorrectly, this is a fifth grade pill, Scarlet Cloud Pill."
"I thought that you were blind. I never expected you to be able to recognize it." Su Lingyun controlled the Flying Chariot and said quietly.
"Fifth grade Scarlet Cloud Pill, after taking it, it can immediately improve blood circulation and regenerate flesh. As long as one doesn't die, even the most serious injuries will recover within an hour. It is known as a sacred grade injury medicine. In the eyes of martial artists, a single Scarlet Cloud Pill is equivalent to a life. This type of pill is priceless. If it is converted into points according to market price, it would cost around a thousand points. I can't afford this type of pill," Luo Zheng said.
"Just treat it as if you owe me." Su Lingyun suddenly said with a smile.
Luo Zheng still shook his head. "I'm very poor, and I need to save up a lot of points … I'm afraid I can't pay you back."
Just as Luo Zheng was speaking, Su Lingyun suddenly turned around and quickly grabbed the Scarlet Cloud Pill in her hand. Then, she reached out and tapped Luo Zheng's jaw. Luo Zheng felt pain and opened his mouth. Taking advantage of this moment, Su Lingyun stuffed the Scarlet Cloud Pill into Luo Zheng's mouth.
"Don't worry. This young lady will earn back the investment I invested in you sooner or later. In the future, what you owe me will definitely be more than this. So, as your creditor, you'd better listen to me!" Su Lingyun said with a smile and a serious tone. Then, she turned her head and continued to control the Flying Chariot.
After swallowing this Scarlet Cloud Pill, Luo Zheng immediately felt as if there was a raging flame burning in his stomach. Then, the cracks on the surface of his body released waves of comfortable and numb feeling.
A fifth grade pill was miraculous and extraordinary after all. Luo Zheng's injuries were this serious, yet they were recovering at a speed visible to the naked eye.
The intense medicinal effects quickly spread throughout Luo Zheng's entire body. Gradually, Luo Zheng felt as if he was in a bit of a daze. Drowsiness slowly overwhelmed him, and then he finally fell asleep.
This night might be the best sleep Luo Zheng had in these past few years.
In Luo Family's underground cellar, Luo Zheng had long developed the habit of reading. Every day, before the sky even brightened, he would naturally wake up.
However today, when he woke up, he saw that the sun was already high up in the sky.
"I actually slept for this long!"
Luo Zheng stretched his body in an extremely surprised manner. He sized up his body. The injuries he received in Purgatory Mountain yesterday were already completely healed. The Scarlet Cloud Pill's effects were extraordinary after all.
He jumped out of bed, and then sat down with his legs crossed. He began to circulate his strength according to the [Sky Devil God Fist]'s mental cultivation method.
This Sky Devil True Energy was something he cultivated for a long time, but he still couldn't succeed. Yesterday, under Wang Yanmiao's pressure, he actually forcibly succeeded.

Chapter 81
According to the method recorded in the 《Demonic God Fist》, Luo Zheng once again assumed that strange posture.
After all, it was a cultivation method practiced by the Demon Race. If a human wanted to forcibly practice it, they would have to pay a high price.
Fortunately, Luo Zheng's physique was far stronger than that of ordinary people. If it was another person practicing the 《Demonic God Fist》, it would be difficult to achieve even the first step.
After circulating his power, Luo Zheng's brows slightly wrinkled.
He couldn't feel the slightest bit of Demonic True Qi in his body.
Why was that?
Thinking back, yesterday, Luo Zheng only managed to cultivate a trace of Demonic True Qi. Then, like a wild beast, that Demonic True Qi swallowed up all the Purple Sandalwood True Qi in his body and transformed it into Demonic True Qi.
But yesterday's last punch, "Demonic Moves the World", exhausted all the Demonic True Qi in his body …
Generally speaking, one only needed to find the trick to practicing a cultivation method. After the first time, it was equivalent to opening a door. The following practice would be smooth for a while until they encountered the next obstacle.
But Luo Zheng, who walked back the same path, was rare.
Yesterday it was obviously fine, but today it was not …
What was the reason? Did he miss something?
After thinking about it, Luo Zheng still couldn't think of a reason. This Saint Class cultivation method was indeed powerful, but it was actually so difficult to practice. This was something that Luo Zheng didn't expect.
What was the difference between yesterday and today? Luo Zheng pondered deeply.
Yesterday, when he faced Wang Yanmiao, it was almost a certain death situation. At that time, Luo Zheng completely held the mentality of treating a dead horse as a living horse. He tried three times in a row, and finally condensed a trace of Demonic True Qi.
Today, Luo Zheng was in Xiao Yufeng, but it was a very safe environment.
Could it be that the 《Demonic God Fist》 could only be used when one was forced to the brink of desperation?
Yesterday, in that absolute adversity, Luo Zheng felt that he had fallen into a very wonderful state. In this state, every action he repeated, every thought became extremely slow. This kind of comprehension was hard to describe, but at the same time, it was wonderful beyond words.
In the room, Luo Zheng tried hard to recall the feeling he had yesterday.
It was as if he was possessed, pacing back and forth in the room. Unknowingly, he had walked like this for nearly an hour.
Suddenly, a bright light flashed in his eyes, and he leaped up. When he landed on the ground, he was already in the starting position of the Heavenly Demon God Fist.
"If there is any demonic intent in the upper and lower body, use your heart to balance it …"
Luo Zheng's arms swayed gently in a certain direction. After making a circle, they gathered at his Dantian. At this moment, a trace of dark purple Heavenly Devil Genuine Qi appeared between his hands!
Looking at the tiny trace of Heavenly Devil True Qi, Luo Zheng's face lit up with excitement.
He had seen the power of the Heavenly Demon God Fist the day before. The Demon Shakes the World could actually fight against a Divine Reflection Realm powerhouse!
Of course, Luo Zheng was only in the Marrow Refining Realm. Wanting to use the Heavenly Demon God Fist to defeat a Divine Reflection Realm powerhouse was undoubtedly wishful thinking. However, he had forced Wang Yanmiao to use all her strength to block his move, which was enough to prove the terror of a Saint Class Cultivation Method.
However, condensing this Heavenly Devil Genuine Qi was abnormally difficult. Just now, he had only managed to condense a trace of it. At this speed, it would take several months for the Heavenly Devil Genuine Qi to fill Luo Zheng's Dantian …
After thinking for a while, Luo Zheng suddenly had an idea!
Since this Heavenly Devil Genuine Qi could devour other types of Genuine Qi, then I don't need to condense it.
Just like yesterday, his body was clearly filled with Purple Sandalwood Genuine Qi, but after condensing a trace of Heavenly Devil Genuine Qi, it instantly devoured all of the Purple Sandalwood Genuine Qi and transformed it into Heavenly Devil Genuine Qi. Not only that, the Heavenly Devil Genuine Qi also devoured Wang Yanmiao's Genuine Yuan.
Since the Heavenly Devil Genuine Qi had such a miraculous characteristic, why wouldn't Luo Zheng use it?
Then, Luo Zheng sat cross-legged and began to practice the mental cultivation method of the Luo Family's "Purple Sandalwood Fist".
Luo Zheng had been practicing the "Purple Sandalwood Fist" for many years, and under Luo Zheng's practice, streams of Purple Sandalwood Genuine Qi vigorously gushed out of Luo Zheng's Dantian.
When the Purple Sandalwood Genuine Qi emerged, the trace of Heavenly Devil Genuine Qi in his Dantian was like a shark that smelled blood. It rushed toward the Purple Sandalwood Genuine Qi, and at the same time, quickly devoured and transformed it …
Luo Zheng practiced the mental cultivation method of the "Purple Sandalwood Fist", but the Heavenly Devil Genuine Qi in his body grew more and more. After about two hours, the Heavenly Devil Genuine Qi finally filled his Dantian.
Luo Zheng stretched out his arm, and the rolling Heavenly Devil Genuine Qi spiraled out of his arm, like a purple-black fairy, swaying in his hand.
Then, Luo Zheng stretched out his hand, and the purple-black fairy unexpectedly left his palm, jumped out, and bounced in the corner of the wall.
"Hey! Genuine Qi is released from the body! "
Seeing this scene, Luo Zheng himself was stunned.
At the fifth level of the Physical Body Realm, Genuine Qi could only exist in the body or on the surface of the body. Once it left the body, it was like a rootless source, dissipating between heaven and earth.
Only after stepping into the half-step Xiantian realm could Genuine Qi leave the body!
Just like when Luo Zheng left the Luo Family, Second Uncle Luo Bingquan was able to pour Genuine Qi into several long swords, and then control the Genuine Qi to control the sword to kill the enemy. Only half-step Xiantian cultivators could do that.
Luo Zheng was still in the Marrow Refining Realm. Although he could also pour Genuine Qi into the long swords, once the long swords left the hands, the Genuine Qi would disappear without a trace, losing its effect.
But at this moment, Luo Zheng saw with his own eyes that after the purple-black Innate Genuine Qi left the body, it still didn't disappear!
"Could it be that I have already broken through the Marrow Refining Realm?"
Before entering Purgatory Mountain, Luo Zheng had already faintly reached the peak of the Marrow Refining Realm.
Yesterday, when he fought with Wang Yanmiao in Purgatory Mountain, Luo Zheng's body was suppressed by Wang Yanmiao's lotus. The power he bore almost broke the limit of what he could bear, causing a huge amount of warm current to flow in his body, cleansing his body.
Could it be that at that time, the impurities in his bone marrow had already been cleansed?
Yesterday, he was too excited and had already completely neglected this matter. Now that he thought about it, the possibility of this was very high.
After Luo Zheng immediately checked his body, a faint smile appeared on his face. His bone marrow was indeed incomparably pure, without the slightest trace of impurities. He had already become a half-step Xiantian cultivator.
The fifth level of the Physical Body Realm was the foundation of martial cultivation.
Only after removing all the impurities in the body could one become a Xiantian lifeform with a pure body.
There was only one difference between the half-step Xiantian realm and the Xiantian realm, and that was the difference between Genuine Qi and Genuine Essence. Only after transforming Genuine Qi into Genuine Essence could one truly become a Xiantian lifeform.
During yesterday's trip to Purgatory Mountain, although he didn't see his sister, stepping into the half-step Xiantian realm could be considered a considerable gain. On this day, Luo Zheng was consolidating his cultivation and exploring the technique of releasing Genuine Qi.
Three days passed in a flash. Only then did Luo Zheng leave his room.
On Xiao Yufeng, as usual, the outer sect disciples came and went in a hurry, busy with cultivation.
Those who could enter the Blue Cloud Sect, regardless of their talent, must have strong perseverance. They wouldn't be obsessed with external things and understood the principle that the heavens reward the diligent.
The only difference was that when those people looked at Luo Zheng, their eyes flashed with a fiery light. A considerable portion of the outer sect disciples took Luo Zheng as their role model and constantly worked hard to cultivate.
"Brother Luo Zheng, today is the day to receive the medicinal pills. Are you going to receive it too?" Before he took two steps, Mo Can and Zhou Xian walked over.
The day to receive the medicinal pills?
Luo Zheng stared blankly. He had forgotten about this matter.
Those who could become a disciple of the Blue Cloud Sect would naturally enjoy the benefits of the Blue Cloud Sect. The Blue Cloud Sect would distribute a sum of benefits every month according to each person's cultivation realm and status.
Luo Zheng then nodded. As a member of the Blue Cloud Sect, these benefits were originally his to receive. He immediately followed Mo Can and Zhou Xian to Xiao Yufeng's side peak.
Along the way, Mo Can began to fiddle with some of his gossipy news.
"Brother Luo Zheng, you've been cultivating in seclusion these past few days. Have you heard about Purgatory Mountain's matters?" Even though Mo Can entered the Blue Cloud Sect later than Zhou Xian, he was now even more well-informed than Zhou Xian.
Luo Zheng pretended to be surprised and asked, "Oh? What happened in Purgatory Mountain? "
"Sigh, then you've missed it. Several days ago, there was a Radiant Deity Realm disciple who displayed great might in Purgatory Mountain! That scene was too shocking. Even from our Xiao Yufeng, we could see that pillar of light that rushed into the sky! "Mo Can's saliva splashed everywhere. When he described it, it was as if he was personally there that day.
When he heard Mo Can's words, Luo Zheng was instead inwardly shocked. He originally thought that in a place like Purgatory Mountain, the bitter cultivators who personally witnessed it wouldn't be able to come out. He never expected that this matter would still spread in the Blue Cloud Sect. Fortunately, from Mo Can's tone, he shouldn't know that he was also in Purgatory Mountain back then.
"A Radiant Deity Realm expert, that really is formidable!" Luo Zheng nodded, a yearning expression appearing on his face.
At this time, Zhou Xian instead took over and said, "Actually, even though Radiant Deity Realm experts are rare in the Blue Cloud Sect, they aren't that rare either. They can be seen in the inner peak competition every year. However, what is strange is that it is rumored that the one who fought against that Radiant Deity Realm expert was a Marrow Refinement Realm outer sect disciple …"
"Ah?" Luo Zheng pretended to be shocked. "This rumor can't be trusted, right?"
"I feel like it is impossible!" Zhou Xian shook his head. "This rumor is just too ridiculous. What kind of concept is the Radiant Deity Realm? Just the pressure released from burning true essence alone can suppress a Marrow Refinement Realm expert to death. The difference between the two is like the difference between an ant and an elephant. "
"That's hard to say! Brother Luo Zheng didn't rely on the Marrow Refinement Realm to defeat a Xiantian Realm expert! "Mo Can clearly had a kind of blind optimism about the weak defeating the strong.
However, Zhou Xian, who had been in the Blue Cloud Sect for a long time, truly understood just how great the gap between realms was. "Mo Can, you might not understand what kind of concept the Radiant Deity Realm is. The Burning Heaven Empire is vast, and its population is in the millions. How many people can enter the Radiant Deity Realm? The difference between the Radiant Deity Realm and Xiantian Realm is much greater than you imagine! It's best if you don't take this kind of rumor too seriously. "
"I actually believe that there will always be miracles …"
"You want to say that something like an ant eating an elephant …"

Chapter 82
In a side hall on Xiao Yufeng's side peak, several attendants from the Blue Cloud Sect were currently handing out pills.
Right now, there weren't many people receiving pills. Luo Zheng's group of three took out their disciple tokens and received several pills from the attendants.
These second rank Energy Gathering Pills could increase the speed at which one condensed true energy, and could be used to assist in cultivation. If they were sold outside the Blue Cloud Sect, they could be sold for a good price. However, if they were sold inside the Blue Cloud Sect, they would be rather ordinary items.
After putting away these pills, the three of them saw a fat figure quickly walk over from the mountain path.
Even though that person was fat, his walking speed was extremely fast. There was only one person like him on Xiao Yufeng. It was precisely the fatty Zhang Wuxian who was injured on the arena a few days ago.
"Brother Wuxian." The three of them greeted him.
When Zhang Wuxian saw Luo Zheng's group, he also greeted them with a smile.
"Brother Wuxian's injuries have all healed, right?" Luo Zheng asked. Ever since he returned from Purgatory Mountain, he had been in seclusion for three days in a row. He didn't have time to visit Zhang Wuxian.
Zhang Wuxian swung his thick arm. "These injuries are nothing! I've already healed! "
Luo Zheng nodded. "Then that's good."
"Brother Wuxian, you seem to be in a hurry. Receiving pills isn't an urgent matter. Could it be that you still have important matters to attend to?" Zhou Xian asked from the side.
Zhang Wuxian nodded and said, "Yes. In a bit, I need to make a trip out of the Blue Cloud Sect. Today, the Imperial Capital's Tianlu Auction House is going to make a big move. My older brother wants me to go and observe."
"Tianlu Auction House?" Mo Can and Zhou Xian's eyes immediately widened. As if they thought of something, they said almost simultaneously, "Brother Wuxian, don't tell me you're someone from Tianlu Zhang Family?"
It was Luo Zheng who was the slowest. When he saw the two's reactions, he was completely confused.
Zhang Wuxian, on the other hand, nodded his head and admitted it.
The Tianlu Zhang Clan was a legendary clan in the Burning Heaven Empire.
This family didn't have any outstanding geniuses. The Zhang Family couldn't even be considered a noble family!
However, the strength hidden behind this family was far beyond that of an ordinary landowning household! In fact, they could even faintly be on par with the seven great aristocratic families!
The reason was that the descendants of the Zhang family were almost all business geniuses.
The members of this clan almost controlled the economic lifeline of the entire Sky-Scorching Empire. The biggest ticketing companies, auction houses, and trading centers in the empire were all owned by the Zhang Clan.
Even the currency system that used square crystals as the core of the transaction was established by the Zhang family.
Therefore, the Zhang family's economic status in the empire could be said to be unparalleled.
The famous Tianlu Auction House was one of the properties of the Zhang Clan.
Every year, ninety percent of the major transactions and auctions in the empire were conducted through the Tianlu Auction House.
"I can't tell! Brother Wuxian, I didn't expect you to be a disciple of the Zhang Clan! "Zhou Xian exclaimed as he shook his head. He never expected this.
"The Tianlu Auction House is very difficult for ordinary people to even set foot in. Brother Wuxian, can you take us there to broaden our horizons?" Mo Can was the most interested in this kind of thing. Naturally, he wouldn't let go of this opportunity.
Zhang Wuxian nodded, "Sure! This is a small matter! "Then, he looked at Luo Zheng," Brother Luo Zheng, why don't you come with us? "
Luo Zheng originally wanted to refuse Zhang Wuxian's invitation. He had just broken through to the half-step Xiantian Realm. He still needed to cultivate diligently and stabilize his realm. To him, time was never enough.
Luo Zheng was about to refuse, but at this moment, he changed his mind, "Brother Wuxian, can any item be auctioned in this auction house?"
Zhang Wuxian smiled, "It's not just any item. It has to be valuable at least. If it's too ordinary, it won't be qualified to enter the Tianlu Auction House."
The value of items that could be auctioned in the Tianlu Auction House was naturally not low.
After hearing Zhang Wuxian's words, Luo Zheng wanted to go and take a look. The last time he went to the south, he obtained a Fire Scorpion Crystal Core.
This Fire Scorpion Crystal Core was temporarily useless in his hands. Naturally, he wanted to sell it as soon as possible.
Thinking of this, Luo Zheng nodded and said, "Since everyone is going, I'll also join in the fun!"
"Okay, I'll take everyone there after I get my elixirs!" After Zhang Wuxian finished speaking, he went to the deacon to get his share of elixirs. Then, he took the three of them down the Xiao Yufeng.
After walking down the Xiao Yufeng, Zhang Wuxian took the three of them to a pavilion in the Blue Cloud Sect. He spent a square crystal to rent a Flying Chariot.
Seeing Zhang Wuxian's extravagant spending, Luo Zheng and the other two couldn't help but be speechless.
Although Luo Zheng also had a lot of square crystals on hand, and even more than a thousand points, he couldn't bear to waste a square crystal just for transportation.
After the four of them boarded the Flying Chariot, they flew out of the Blue Cloud Sect.
Ever since Luo Zheng came to the Imperial Capital, he hadn't had the chance to properly appreciate the scenery of the Imperial Capital. Now that he was standing on the Flying Chariot, the scenery of the Imperial Capital was unobstructed.
With the vastness of the Imperial Capital, even if the Flying Chariot flew at full speed, it still took half an hour.
"Look, it's the Burning Sky Palace!" Mo Can suddenly pointed to the left and said.
Luo Zheng turned his head and looked in the direction Mo Can was pointing. He saw a huge circular wall.
Inside the wall, there were all kinds of giant pavilions and magnificent buildings. Around the wall, there was a seven-colored light covering it, faintly exuding a fierce power. There must be an extremely powerful array on the upper level of the Burning Sky Palace.
This was the center of the Burning Sky Empire!
Not long after bypassing the Burning Sky Palace, Zhang Wuxian controlled the Flying Chariot to descend, finally stopping in front of a large building.
At the front of the building, there were a few large words written on it, and they were even covered with a layer of gold foil.
The big words were "Tianlu Auction House."
In addition to Luo Zheng's group, there was a steady stream of Flying Chariots coming over and stopping in the surroundings.
Those who could enter the Tianlu Auction House to participate in the auction were either rich or noble, and there was no lack of people from various landowning households.
Zhang Wuxian was very familiar with his own auction house. He led Luo Zheng's group to the side, where there was another door to enter the venue.
"It's better to arrive at the right time than early. I heard from my brother that today's auction will be very exciting!" Zhang Wuxian said as he walked.
"Oh? What's the finale item today? " Zhou Xian and Mo Can came with the mentality of watching a good show. After all, they were Outer Sect disciples, how could they have the financial resources to buy anything?
Zhang Wuxian smiled mysteriously and said, "Everyone will know in a moment!"
Just as everyone took a detour to the side, they suddenly heard a stern shout in front of them, "Stop! This is the Tianlu Auction House. Unrelated people, please leave quickly."
A man wearing a red brocade robe and holding a long stick blocked the path of the four people.
Zhang Wuxian walked forward without batting an eyelid, took out a token, and waved it in front of the man.
When the man saw Zhang Wuxian's token, his expression changed immediately, and he said hurriedly, "I didn't know you were the Young Master of my family. This, this …"
Zhang Wuxian shook his head and said coldly, "It's not your fault that you didn't know. I'll bring my friends in."
"Please, this way please!" The man politely led the four people in.
The Zhang Family was indeed the wealthiest family. Even a random servant was a Xiantian Realm expert. Luo Zheng, Mo Can, and Zhou Xian sighed inwardly.
"Brother Wuxian, you didn't have any temper at all on the Xiao Yufeng. Now that you're back home, you're like a different person!" Luo Zheng couldn't help but laugh when he saw Zhang Wuxian's tense face.
Usually, when they saw Zhang Wuxian, they would smile. Now that they saw Zhang Wuxian like this, they were not used to it.
Zhang Wuxian looked around. After confirming that there was no one around, the muscles on his face relaxed, and he regained his smiling expression. "I can't help it. My family has taught me that people with the surname Zhang must show their dignity in front of others! Unfortunately, I'm not born to do so. "
After bypassing a long corridor, Zhang Wuxian led Luo Zheng and the others into the auction house.
The auction house was fan-shaped, and the seats were arranged in order from the high platform of the auction house. Luo Zheng and the others were in a wing room.
After settling the three of them down, Zhang Wuxian handed a token to Luo Zheng and the others and said, "You can stay here and watch. I'll take my leave first."
After saying that, he left. Zhang Wuxian came back today to help the family, so naturally, he could not accompany them here.
At this time, Luo Zheng followed Zhang Wuxian out of the wing room.
"Brother Wuxian, I want to ask you, how did this item end up in your auction house?" Luo Zheng asked in a low voice.
Zhang Wuxian looked at Luo Zheng in surprise. "Do you really have something you want to auction?"
It was not that Zhang Wuxian looked down on Luo Zheng. Although Luo Zheng's strength was very strong, and his future potential was limitless, people like Luo Zheng were also people that the Zhang family wanted to rope in, and even invest in. However, as an outer sect disciple, what kind of good things could he take out?
Luo Zheng nodded and said with a smile, "Yes, I do have something I want to auction."
"Can you tell me what it is?" Zhang Wuxian was curious. He also knew that Luo Zheng was not a person who spoke without thinking. If the item he said had no value, he would not mention the auction.
Luo Zheng lowered his voice and said, "A Fire Scorpion Crystal Core."
The fat on Zhang Wuxian's face suddenly trembled twice.
The people of the Zhang family all had talent in business. Zhang Wuxian had been influenced by them since he was young, so he was very sensitive to the value of all kinds of treasures and rare materials.
When Zhang Wuxian heard Luo Zheng say that he had a Fire Scorpion Crystal Core, he wondered if he had heard wrong.
The Fire Scorpion Crystal Core had extraordinary uses. It was a precious material in the eyes of Alchemists and Weapon Refiners. Its uses aside, the most important point was that the Fire Scorpion Lion was on the brink of extinction. In Zhang Wuxian's memory, the last time a Fire Scorpion Crystal Core was auctioned was three years ago.
Three years ago, the Fire Scorpion Crystal Core had been auctioned for nearly twenty thousand square crystal stones. Moreover, according to Zhang Wuxian's knowledge, that Fire Scorpion Crystal Core was the core of a young Fire Scorpion Lion.
If Luo Zheng really had a Fire Scorpion Crystal Core to auction, then Zhang Wuxian had inadvertently won a big business for his family.
"Brother Luo Zheng, please come with me!" Zhang Wuxian saw that Luo Zheng did not seem to be joking, so he led Luo Zheng to a secret room in the auction house. Afterwards, Zhang Wuxian said, "Can you let me take a look at that Fire Scorpion Crystal Core?"
Seeing Zhang Wuxian's cautious appearance, Luo Zheng didn't know whether to laugh or cry.
Although Luo Zheng knew that the Fire Scorpion Lion was very popular in the Empire, and its value was also very high, Zhang Wuxian's appearance was just too cautious.
Luo Zheng's finger rested on his spatial ring. Not long after, a Demonic Beast Crystal Core that flickered with the luster of flames appeared in Luo Zheng's hand.
This Fire Scorpion Crystal Core was the size of a fist, and it was well protected. It was clearly the core of a young Fire Scorpion Lion.
＝＝＝＝＝

Chapter 83
Zhang Wuxian couldn't remember how many years it had been since an adult Fire Scorpion Lion's core had appeared.
After all, Zhang Wuxian wasn't even twenty years old. As far as he could remember, the Tianlu Auction House had never auctioned a Fire Scorpion Lion's core.
Zhang Wuxian was very curious about where Luo Zheng had obtained the Fire Scorpion Lion's core. However, he suppressed his curiosity. As a direct descendant of the Tianlu Zhang Family, he was very clear about the rules of the auction house. It was taboo to not inquire about the origin of the customer's items.
"This adult Fire Scorpion Lion's core should be able to fetch a good price. However, Brother Luo Zheng, do you intend to auction such a valuable item together with this auction or wait until the next one? If you wait until the next auction, our Tianlu Auction House can help you spread the news in advance. This way, we can attract people who are especially interested in the Fire Scorpion Lion's core. The price may be higher, "Zhang Wuxian said.
Although the Fire Scorpion Lion's core was precious, it wasn't something that ordinary people could afford. If the Tianlu Auction House could spread the news before the auction, the effect would be better.
"Why don't we auction it today?" Luo Zheng suggested.
Zhang Wuxian nodded: "That's good too. We originally planned to auction a batch of precious materials for refining weapons and elixir pills. Many old fellows from the imperial city will come. I believe that this Fire Scorpion Lion's core will be auctioned off for a good price."
Then, Zhang Wuxian led Luo Zheng to the back hall of the auction house.
After entering the back hall of the auction house, Luo Zheng was dazzled.
There were several innate masters guarding the doors of the back hall. The aura emitted by these innate masters made Luo Zheng feel extremely dangerous. Their cultivation was not below He Tiancheng's.
In the back hall, the auction house's staff were transporting bundles of precious herbs, items, treasures, and weapons back and forth.
Luo Zheng swept a glance over. Almost every item that was about to be auctioned off was a rare treasure. The value of any one of these treasures was probably equivalent to the Luo Family's several hundred years of savings.
"Elder Hou!" Zhang Wuxian shouted as soon as he entered the back hall.
Not far away, a thin but shrewd-looking old man put down the work in his hands, bent over and said, "Third Young Master, is there anything I can help you with?"
"Where's my brother?" Zhang Wuxian asked.
"First Young Master went to the front hall to welcome the guests," Elder Hou replied.
Zhang Wuxian pointed at Luo Zheng. "My friend wants to auction something. Please appraise it first, record it, and auction it together later."
Old Hou glanced at Luo Zheng and discovered that he was a sixteen or seventeen year old youth. His face revealed a rather disapproving expression. Old Hou was the chief auctioneer of the Tianlu Auction House. What kind of good things had he not seen before? This young man probably couldn't come up with anything too good, so he asked the Third Young Master to entrust the auction.
But since the Third Young Master had said so, he had to give him face.
"This friend of yours, what do you want to auction? Can you let this old man have a look first? "Old Hou stared at Luo Zheng and asked.
Luo Zheng noticed Old Hou's attitude, but did not say anything. He then took out the fire scorpion crystal core from his ring and handed it to Old Hou.
When Old Hou saw the fire scorpion crystal core, his eyes suddenly widened.
Compared to Zhang Wuxian, Old Hou's reaction was even more intense.
After all, Zhang Wuxian was not a professional. In terms of appraising the value of treasures, he only had a superficial knowledge.
But Old Hou was different. Old Hou had been immersed in this line of work all his life. He was the chief auctioneer of the Tianlu Auction House. Countless treasures, divine weapons, and elixirs had passed through his hands.
With just a glance, Old Hou understood that this fire scorpion crystal core was priceless!
"Old Hou, what do you think?" Zhang Wuxian asked.
"This is the crystal core of an adult fire scorpion lion. This fire scorpion lion should be thirty feet tall and sixty feet long. Tsk tsk, who knows how many years it has been since such a large fire scorpion lion appeared. This fire scorpion crystal core can definitely be auctioned as the finale!" Old Hou's shrewd little eyes were filled with excitement.
Hearing Old Hou's judgment, Luo Zheng also felt a trace of admiration. The fire scorpion lion's size was indeed as Old Hou had said. It was about thirty feet tall. To be able to come to such a conclusion just by looking at the crystal core was enough to show that Old Hou's vision was unique.
"What kind of base price do you think we should set?" Zhang Wuxian asked again.
Old Hou laughed mischievously, "As long as such a treasure appears, who knows how many people will fight over it. Moreover, the Asura Battlefield has reopened this time, and the various landowning clans are lacking good weapons. This fire scorpion crystal core is also a treasure for refining tools. I presume that the price will be somewhat uncertain. If we have to set a base price, I think it's best to set it at thirty thousand square crystal stones."
"Thirty thousand square crystal stones!" Luo Zheng couldn't help but cry out.
Old Hou and Zhang Wuxian were both stunned, "Brother Luo Zheng, do you think this base price is too low? Don't worry, if we really auction it, the final price will definitely be much higher than this. "
Luo Zheng shook his head, "No, you misunderstood me. This price is very appropriate!"
How could Luo Zheng complain that this price was too low?
Although he knew that the fire scorpion crystal core was very precious, Luo Zheng didn't think that the price would be so high.
The Blade Insect Queen's crystal core had only been exchanged for 1,000 points, which was about 2,000 square crystals when converted into square crystals.
However, the value of the fire scorpion crystal core was ten times higher than the Blade Insect Queen's!
On this point, Luo Zheng didn't know the market price.
After all, the Blade Insect was a monster beast that reproduced extremely quickly. The Dragon Castle had to kill hundreds of Blade Insect Queens every year.
However, the Fire Scorpion Lion was different. The Fire Scorpion Lion in the entire Eastern Region had been wiped out. The Fire Scorpion Lion was already an extremely rare monster beast. Moreover, the fire scorpion crystal core had excellent special effects when used for refining tools or medicine. The difference in value was naturally huge.
"But this way, there will be two final treasures in this auction. I think it's better to wait for the next auction. This way, the price will be higher …" Old Hou's thoughts were the same as Zhang Wuxian's. Just one fire scorpion crystal core was enough to start an auction on its own.
"No need, my friend thinks that it's enough to auction together this time. Old Hou, store this fire scorpion crystal core first and prepare to auction it later," Zhang Wuxian instructed.
Old Hou then called for someone to skillfully store the fire scorpion crystal core in a brocade box and seal it.
After finishing this matter, Zhang Wuxian brought Luo Zheng back to the side room of the auction house. Zhang Wuxian still had other matters to attend to. He said goodbye to Zhou Xian and the others and would return in a while.
At this time, the auction house was already packed with people.
The people participating in the auction were very complicated. Some of them were wanderers of the pugilistic world, while others were descendants of landowning households.
Most of them were at the Xiantian realm.
Especially in the side room, there were several people whose auras were very strong. Although they could conceal or suppress their own auras, Luo Zheng could still faintly feel that their cultivations were probably beyond the Xiantian realm.
Not long after, Elder Hou appeared on the auction's stage.
As the chief auctioneer of the Tianlu Auction House, Old Hou was already familiar with the people of the imperial capital. Usually, Old Hou would only appear in person when presiding over a large-scale auction. Today, Old Hou personally appeared, which meant that there would definitely be a rare treasure to be auctioned this time.
After a brief opening speech, Old Hou clapped his hands. Someone carried a brocade box to the front of the stage and placed it on the big table in the auction house. Then, Old Hou said, "The first item in this auction is a little special. These are three Yuan Devouring Purple Oxypetalum. You only need to release a small amount of Zhen Yuan to make them bloom overnight! These three Yuan Devouring Purple Oxypetalum have a starting price of three hundred square crystals. Everyone can bid as you wish! "
After Old Hou finished speaking, he opened the brocade box. There were three closed flower buds in the brocade box.
At this time, some delicate women in the auction house exclaimed. Clearly, they were attracted by the Yuan Devouring Purple Oxypetalum.
"Yuan Devouring Purple Oxypetalum?" Sitting in the side room, Luo Zheng blinked twice when he heard this name. "This flower seems to only have ornamental value, right?"
Zhou Xian replied, "Indeed, it only has ornamental value. Yuan Devouring Purple Oxypetalum is very rare in the world. It is known as the most beautiful flower in the world. Someone once said that they would only see this flower bloom once in their life. Even if they died, it would be enough."
Mo Can shook his head. "It only has some ornamental value. It can't be used in medicine. So what if it's beautiful? I'm afraid that only those arrogant and extravagant noblemen would be willing to buy it and give it to their women. "
Luo Zheng nodded and agreed. "A few hundred square crystals is a huge sum to many families. But in the eyes of those noblemen, it's enough to amuse them."
Although this Yuan Devouring Purple Oxypetalum was of no help to one's cultivation, it still attracted many youths to fight over it. The price also rose all the way from three hundred square crystals to eight hundred square crystals before it was bought by a descendant of a landowning household.
Luo Zheng and the others had originally only followed Zhang Wuxian to the auction to watch the excitement. Naturally, they had no interest in the Yuan Devouring Purple Oxypetalum.
Not to mention that they couldn't afford it right now, even if they could, they probably wouldn't buy such a boring thing to feast their eyes on.
After the Yuan Devouring Purple Oxypetalum was completed, Old Hou began to auction the next item.
"The second item is a spiritual weapon. Now that the Asura Battlefield has reopened, if you have a spiritual weapon on you and go into battle to slay daemons, then you'll be like a tiger that has grown wings. This" Heaven Shaking Spear "has a rough appearance, but it's made from purple jade. Although it's a low grade spiritual weapon, its power is comparable to a mid grade one. The starting price is two thousand square crystals," said Old Hou.
Two thousand square crystals. Luo Zheng's heart was slightly moved.
This Heaven Shaking Spear was a low grade spiritual weapon. Luo Zheng didn't care about its power. If he bought it with two thousand square crystals and refined it, how much molten iron essence could he obtain?
A high grade profound weapon usually required five to ten drops of molten iron essence. Then a spiritual weapon would be raised by an entire grade. Perhaps he could refine fifty drops? Or a hundred drops of molten iron essence?
Thinking of this, Luo Zheng was somewhat eager to give it a try.
As long as one dragon scale was lit, Luo Zheng's power would increase. If he could light up ten dragon scales at once, then Luo Zheng's power would more than double in a short period of time. For him, this was definitely a qualitative leap.
If possible, Luo Zheng planned to participate in the auction.
But the following bidding directly made Luo Zheng give up on this plan.
"Two thousand five hundred square crystals!"
"Two thousand seven hundred!"
"Three thousand!"

Chapter 84
In the end, the halberd was sold for five thousand square crystals.
Luo Zheng pursed his lips, but he didn't find it a pity.
According to the market price, Luo Zheng could purchase those spirit tools of lower quality. After all, what he cared about was the molten iron essence contained in the spirit tools, and not the power of the spirit tools themselves.
Very quickly, Elder Hou auctioned off a few more items.
At this moment, Old Hou's voice changed. He said very seriously, "The next item will be the finale of today's auction. Everyone knows that two years ago, our Imperial Capital's Master Artificer, Che Daozi, passed away. This was a great loss to our entire Burning Heaven Empire. Fortunately, Che Daozi had countless descendants, and someone inherited his legacy. Today, I'd like to auction one of Che Daozi's' Artifact Refining Arts'. It's said that this book is a secret of his. Anyone who wishes to advance in the path of artificing should be able to learn from Master Che Daozi's teachings. With this book, they'll advance at lightning speed! "
Elder Hou's words sent the entire auction house into a frenzy.
Although there were three great artificers in the Sky-Scorching Empire, none of them could compare to Che Daozi.
Since the Artifact Refining Arts was a secret, it must contain Che Daozi's experience and techniques.
Every landowning household dreamed of having a top artificer.
But how could it be so easy to invite an artificer?
Of the three great artificers, one was in the Wang Clan, one was in the Blue Cloud Sect, and one was in the Sky-Scorching Palace. Even if one spent a fortune, they wouldn't be able to invite them out.
If a Grandmaster Artifact Refiner was born in his family, it would be a great thing for the entire landowning household.
Everyone knew that even if they obtained the Artifact Refining Arts, they wouldn't necessarily become a grandmaster refiner. After all, Che Daozi had personally taught so many disciples and grand-disciples, but none of them had ever produced a grandmaster. However, no landowning household was willing to give up this opportunity.
"This Artifact Refining Arts belongs to our master. Please return it to us!"
"The Artifact Refining Arts is our master's legacy. How can we let you sell it as you please?!"
At this time, at the front of the auction house, seven or eight people suddenly clamored. These seven or eight people wore red robes with a small crafting furnace embroidered on their chests.
Seeing the crafting furnace, most of the people in the auction house understood the origins of these people.
It turned out that Che Daozi had once founded a sect called the Divine Refinement Gate. The disciples it recruited were all blacksmiths.
In all these years, although the Divine Refining School had not given birth to a Weapon Refining Grand Master, there were quite a few Weapon Refining Master s that had walked out. These Weapon Refining Master s were also of good quality, and they were basically all consecrated by the major clans.
No one expected that the people from the Divine Refining School would come to the auction house to cause trouble today.
"How can the items auctioned by the auction house be yours?"
"Interesting. You guys couldn't protect Che Daozi's relics well. Now that it's been leaked, you won't let others auction it?"
Several landowning households who originally wanted to bid for the book also began to clamor at this time.
"We don't care about that. Anyway, the Weapon Refining Ancestral Technique belongs to our late master. We must take it back now!" The leader of the Divine Refining School pointed at Elder Hou and said, "Your Tianlu Auction House, quickly hand over the Weapon Refining Ancestral Technique!"
Elder Hou had always been smiling, but at this moment, his face turned gloomy, "Since the first day of our Tianlu Auction House's establishment, we have not asked the origin of the auction items. Whoever gives this item to us, we will help them auction it. If you want to take it back from us, you absolutely can't do it!"
When the seven or eight people from the Divine Refining School heard this, their faces were immediately filled with anger. The leader said, "If that's the case, then we can only offend your auction house!" With that, the people from the Divine Refining School wanted to snatch it.
"Offend? Haha, you don't have the qualifications to offend our Tianlu Auction House! "Elder Hou sneered. With a wave of his hand, two people walked out from both sides of the stage.
Although these two people were wearing ordinary guard uniforms, no one dared to look down on them. Both of them were at the Xiantian ninth stage!
Elder Hou gave the two of them a look and said indifferently, "Teach them a lesson and then throw them out!"
The two guards nodded. Like wolves that had pounced into a flock of sheep, they started to attack the disciples of the Divine Refining School.
Although these people from the Divine Refining School were all Xiantian lifeforms, they were all Weapon Refiners. Their True Essence was all kinds of Weapon Refining True Fire …
If it was refining, they could be considered pretty good. However, when it came to fighting, they were definitely not a match for the two guards from the Zhang family.
In the blink of an eye, everyone heard a series of "pa pa pa pa" slaps. Basically, one slap was enough to make one faint. Then, the seven or eight people all fainted on the ground. Then, many servants rushed out of the auction house. They raised their heads and lifted their feet to carry the palanquin. Very quickly, they cleaned up the scene and the order of the auction house returned to normal.
Elder Hou placed the brocade box on the table and said, "I'm sorry. Everyone, a small interlude happened. Now, we will continue to auction this" Weapon Refining Art ". The starting price is five thousand square crystal stones.
As soon as Elder Hou finished speaking, someone in the auction house immediately raised the price, "Six thousand square crystal stones."
It was a lazy voice. In one breath, he increased the price by a thousand square crystal stones. Everyone looked over curiously.
In the corner, there was a young man dressed in silk. He was lying lazily on the body of a young woman. He looked rather tired.
When everyone saw the eight trigrams pattern tattooed on the young man's chest, they understood that the young man was from the Family Zhuge. Some people had already recognized that the young man was the third son of the Family Zhuge, Zhuge Feng.
This Zhuge Feng was known as the Three Lunatics. Usually, he acted strangely and craftily. His temper was also irritable. Why would this person bid for a "Weapon Refining Art"?
Frankly speaking, many people were unwilling to bid with Zhuge Feng. After all, this person was too unreasonable. If they really angered Zhuge Feng, it would bring them a lot of trouble.
"Six thousand one hundred square crystal stones." On the other side, an old man raised five hundred square crystal stones. For some people, this "Weapon Refining Art" was a must-have item. Therefore, some people did not choose to back down.
"Seven thousand!" Zhuge Feng's lazy voice sounded again.
"Eight thousand!" Another person joined the bidding team.
"Nine thousand!"
"Twelve thousand!"
"Fourteen thousand."
This "Weapon Refining Art" was just a few pages. However, the price was rising steadily under the bidding.
When the "Weapon Refining Art" rose all the way to twenty thousand square crystal stones, most people chose to give up.
Only the old man who competed with Zhuge Feng at the beginning was still persisting.
"Twenty thousand!" At this time, Zhuge Feng directly increased the price by six thousand square crystal stones!
Hearing Zhuge Feng's increase, the old man frowned and shook his head. In the end, he did not bid again. It was not that the old man was willing to give up, but that he could not afford more square crystal stones.
In this world, there were not many people who could take out twenty thousand square crystal stones in one go.
Zhuge Feng looked at the old man's sad face and sneered. At first, the old man was like a dog-skin plaster, following behind him and raising the price. He directly increased the price by six thousand square crystal stones to get rid of the old man!
"Is there anyone else who wants to bid?" Old Hou asked on the high platform. "If there is no one else, this" Weapon Refining Art "will be bought by Third Young Master Zhuge!"
At this time, a voice floated out from the side room.
"I bid twenty one hundred square crystal stones!" The person who spoke was Luo Zheng.
Luo Zheng suddenly joined the bidding and called out an astronomical number. Zhou Xian and Mo Can were shocked.
"Luo Zheng, are you crazy?"
"Do you have that many square crystal stones?"
Mo Can and Zhou Xian asked in a low voice. They were so anxious that sweat appeared on their foreheads.
Today, they followed Zhang Wuxian to the auction house with the mentality of watching a good show.
The items being auctioned were easily hundreds or thousands of square crystal stones. An ordinary outer disciple could not afford them.
Therefore, when Luo Zheng called out twenty one hundred square crystal stones, the two of them were shocked.

Chapter 85
Luo Zheng indeed didn't have that many square crystals on hand.
However, on the way back from the rear hall, Luo Zheng had asked Zhang Wuxian that if there was anything he liked, he could bid for it first, as long as it didn't exceed the reserve price of the Fire Scorpion Crystals.
That was why when Luo Zheng saw that < Weapon Refinement Arts >, he didn't hesitate too much. When most of the bidders were eliminated, he directly bid from the back.
Twenty thousand one hundred square crystals.
If it was before he went to Purgatory Mountain, Luo Zheng definitely wouldn't be willing to spend such a large amount of square crystals to buy < Weapon Refinement Arts >. He would rather save up these square crystals and exchange them for Blue Cloud Sect points.
However, only after entering Purgatory Mountain, did Luo Zheng truly understand just how great the gap between him and Luo Yan was.
If he wanted to cross this gap, he had to improve himself in all aspects.
It wasn't only in terms of strength.
If he learned how to refine weapons himself, even became an Weapon Refinement Grandmaster, then his right to speak on Luo Yan's matters would be much greater.
Even though even if he obtained this < Weapon Refinement Arts > and familiarized himself with the contents, Luo Zheng still might not be able to become an Weapon Refinement Master. However, Luo Zheng didn't have too many choices right now, he could only work hard in the direction he planned for himself.
That was why this < Weapon Refinement Arts > was something Luo Zheng had to obtain.
"Don't worry, Brother Mo Can, Brother Zhou Xian, since I dare bid for it, I naturally have that many square crystals." Luo Zheng said with a smile.
Even though the two of them were confused as to where exactly Luo Zheng obtained several tens of thousands of square crystals, when they thought about how Luo Zheng was never one to act recklessly, since he said he could take it out, then he definitely could. Only then did they relax a bit.
In the auction house, quite a few people cast their eyes towards the side room.
When they saw that the one bidding in the side room was actually a youngster, moreover a Blue Cloud Sect outer disciple, their faces immediately revealed looks of shock.
Twenty thousand cubes of crystal was a huge fortune, no matter where you went.
It was impossible for an ordinary family to gather so much money. Then, this white-robed little fellow who was only at the Half-step Xiantian Realm, was he a disciple of a great aristocratic family?
Some people on the scene were whispering, speculating about Luo Zheng's identity.
Zhuge Feng raised his eyebrows and shouted, "Twenty thousand!"
The Zhuge Family's most important goal this time was to obtain the Refiner's Ancestral Techniques. The family heads had urged Zhuge Feng to obtain the Refiner's Ancestral Techniques no matter the cost. This was because the Refiner's Ancestral Techniques contained many of Che Daozi's secrets, especially some of his accomplishments in refining.
In fact, from Zhuge Feng's point of view, 20,000 cubic crystals for a lousy book was not worth it at all.
Although he looked calm on the surface, he was actually very angry in his heart.
However, the elders in his family had asked him to come forward and obtain the Refiner's Ancestral Techniques no matter what. At this moment, he couldn't express his anger in the slightest. Otherwise, if his competitors saw through it and fought him to the death, it wouldn't be worth it. The auction itself was a kind of psychological game.
Therefore, although Zhuge Feng was bidding recklessly, he had actually carried out a psychological game.
"Twenty-one thousand and one hundred cubes of crystal." After Zhuge Feng raised the price, Luo Zheng added another hundred cubes of crystal to Zhuge Feng's bid.
Luo Zheng's voice was very steady. He didn't shrink back, nor did he bear to give in. At the same time, he was very confident.
Zhuge Feng realized that he was in trouble. This kid was probably going to fight him to the end.
This trouble didn't only come from the kid who increased the price, but also from someone else.
Although Zhuge Feng had always acted crazy and absurd, those who truly understood him knew that his craziness was nothing but a disguise.
If Zhuge Feng continued to compete with the kid in the side room and raised the price of the Refiner's Ancestral Techniques too high, it would definitely arouse the vigilance of the other landowning households, which would then lead the other landowning households into the bidding.
"Twenty-one thousand and one hundred cubes of crystal!" Old Hou shouted from the stage. "Is there anyone who wants to bid higher?"
"20,000 taels of crystal." Zhuge Feng shouted again. He touched the face of the young woman beside him. "Concubine Zhuo, make that kid shut up!"
Concubine Zhuo's face was full of charm. She straightened her slender waist and twisted towards the side room in the back row.
"Twenty-two thousand and one hundred cubes!"
Luo Zheng had just added another hundred cubes of crystal when a beautiful woman suddenly appeared at the door of the side room.
That beautiful woman swayed her waist as she leaned against the door of the side room. She revealed a seductive smile and said, "Little brother, can I talk to you about something?"
Mo Can and Zhou Xian were hot-blooded youths after all. Seeing the mature and seductive Concubine Zhuo, their hearts immediately raced.
However, Luo Zheng turned his head and calmly looked at Concubine Zhuo. He asked, "What is it?"
"My family's young master said that you should give up on this auction." Concubine Zhuo's eyes moved as she stared straight at Luo Zheng.
Luo Zheng nodded towards Concubine Zhuo. He smiled and said, "Why should I give up?"
"Because it was my family's young master who said it." Concubine Zhuo said with a light smile, but her brown eyes faintly contained a threatening intent.
My family's young master said it so confidently and confidently.
Luo Zheng frowned slightly. Ever since he came to the imperial capital and entered the Blue Cloud Sect, he had encountered too many unreasonable fellows. Luo Zheng revealed a trace of ridicule. "Your family's young master? Who is your family's young master? "
"My family's young master's surname is Zhuge." Concubine Zhuo felt that the Family Zhuge name was already big enough. As long as it was a normal person, when they heard the two words' Zhuge ', they would understand the weight. Unless this youngster in front of her was an idiot, only then would he continue to insist.
"Surnamed Zhuge?" Luo Zheng's face sunk. Ever since he entered the Blue Cloud Sect, he had incurred quite a bit of enmity with this Family Zhuge. From Purgatory Mountain all the way to the southern part of the empire, this family's people had always been reluctant to part with him.
"Right, my family's young master's surname is Zhuge, and his first name is a single 'Feng'. I believe you have heard of him before. Therefore, I ask you to stop bidding, or else you will be in a lot of trouble." When Concubine Zhuo saw Luo Zheng's expression, the corners of her lips curled into a smile.
"Oh! Zhuge Feng! "Luo Zheng nodded." The one known as the Three Madmen? "
Concubine Zhuo laughed and said, "It seems like you have also heard of my family's young master's nickname …"
"Just tell him to go die." Luo Zheng's tone suddenly changed as he sneered.
In this instant, Concubine Zhuo's smile froze on her face. She originally thought that this youngster would obediently submit, but she didn't expect his attitude to suddenly take a 180-degree turn.
The problem was that this youngster clearly knew who Zhuge Feng was, yet he still dared to speak like this. This meant that he didn't have much of a fear towards Zhuge Feng.
A streak of true essence escaped from Concubine Zhuo's hair …
Concubine Zhuo's green hair surged like the waves of the sea. It condensed together in a spiral shape, forming four or five sharp cones that pointed at Luo Zheng. "Those who offend my family's young master are all repentant in their graves. Do you want to die?"
Luo Zheng's face carried a smile. He pointed at the auction's surroundings and said with a light chuckle, "You want to fight? Let's figure out where this place is first. "
The dispute in the side room immediately attracted the attention of the entire auction house.
Several guards of the Zhang Family also walked over from the corner when they saw that there was a dispute. The Tianlu Auction House had to protect the safety of its customers. Fighting was absolutely prohibited in the auction house.
Concubine Zhuo dispersed her true essence, and the sharp cone-like hair immediately returned to its original shape. She then snorted coldly and left Luo Zheng's side room.
Luo Zheng looked at the woman's seductive back and shouted, "Twenty-four thousand one hundred!"
Hearing Luo Zheng's bid and seeing Concubine Zhuo's ashen face, Zhuge Feng already understood that Concubine Zhuo's threat had failed.
"What did that fellow say?" Zhuge Feng asked with a smile.
Concubine Zhuo said gloomily, "He told you to go die!"
"Oh?" When Zhuge Feng heard this, his face didn't rise. Instead, he reached out and touched Concubine Zhuo's face. He smiled and said, "Such an arrogant fellow? I haven't seen him in a long time! Since that's the case, I'm withdrawing from this auction! "
Concubine Zhuo widened her eyes and looked at Zhuge Feng. She asked, "Why are you withdrawing? Young Master, are you really afraid of that fellow? "
Zhuge Feng shrugged his shoulders. "If the bidding continues, those old fellows won't be able to sit still. If this book falls into the hands of those old fellows, I'm afraid that we won't be able to get it back. It's better to give it to that arrogant fellow first and then take it back from him."
Concubine Zhuo finally understood Zhuge Feng's idea.
It was true that they couldn't make a move in the Tianlu Auction House, but that fellow would definitely leave the auction house. Moreover, he was wearing the outer disciple robe of the Blue Cloud Sect. It wouldn't be difficult to investigate his identity. For Zhuge Feng, taking the book back from him was a piece of cake.
Since Zhuge Feng had stopped the bidding, there was no one to compete with Luo Zheng. The book naturally fell into Luo Zheng's hands.
However, according to the rules, the auction items had to be settled in cash. At this moment, Luo Zheng's Fire Scorpion Crystal Core had yet to be auctioned, so the book couldn't be handed over to Luo Zheng.
On the high platform, Old Hou said, "There was a small accident during the auction of the book, but it was sold for a good price. After this, our Tianlu Auction House still has two more treasures. They were originally going to be the finale of the auction, but now we've decided to sell them in advance! The starting price of these two treasures is much higher than the book, but I believe that everyone here will be very interested! "
After Old Hou finished speaking, he took out a small jade bottle from his hand.
Then, Old Hou shook the small jade bottle in the air. At the same time, he released a stream of vital essence from his hand and rolled it towards the opening of the small jade bottle.
Some small particles escaped from the opening of the jade bottle. They were like water droplets, but they had a metallic luster.
"There are 50 drops of Sky Amplification Essence here! The starting price is 20,000 square crystals. Everyone can make their own bids! " Old Hou waved his hand and used his vital essence to spread out the drops of Sky Amplification Essence so that everyone in the auction house could see them more clearly.
"Wow —"
Hearing the words "Sky Amplification Essence", the entire auction house was in an uproar.
This Sky Amplification Essence could be directly added to a Dharma treasure, and it could forcefully upgrade the Dharma treasure by one grade!
For example, a Dharma treasure that was originally a middle-grade spiritual weapon could be upgraded to an upper-grade Dharma treasure after Sky Amplification Essence was added.
However, Sky Amplification Essence was extremely rare. Until now, not many drops had appeared. Moreover, every time Sky Amplification Essence appeared, it would immediately be injected into the weapons of others.
It was said that Sky Amplification Essence was the foundation of all Mystic Weapons, Spiritual Weapons, and even Immortal Weapons!
The reason why these Dharma treasures and weapons were so powerful and could contain such terrifying power was because they had fused with a trace of the Dao of Heaven's Divination during the refining process. The essence of the Dao of Heaven's Divination was the pure Dao of Heaven's Divination!
Logically speaking, even a low-grade Dharma treasure would contain a trace of Sky Amplification Essence. However, until now, no one had been able to extract it from it.
In the side room, Luo Zheng opened his mouth wide. He looked at the small silver particles that were held in the air by Old Hou's vital essence. His heart was also violently shaken.
Weren't these small things the molten iron essence left behind after the Dharma treasure was smelted by the black fire in his mind?
＝＝＝＝＝

Chapter 86
Luo Zheng did not know what those silver droplets were.
In order to figure it out, Luo Zheng had flipped through the blacksmithing techniques left behind by Xie Lang, but to no avail.
Luo Zheng reckoned that it was on par with Xie Lang's level.
In Chongyang County, Xie Lang could be considered a decent craftsman. However, in the Imperial Capital, he was completely insignificant.
Luo Zheng was very puzzled by the reaction of the entire auction house.
Were these silver droplets really that valuable?
"Twenty-three thousand square crystals! These Heaven Derivation Essences are mine! " An old man stood up and shouted. He had a head full of white hair, but his face was rosy and full of vitality.
"Hehe, Old Huang! This Heaven Derivation Essence cannot be enjoyed by you alone. Twenty-five thousand square crystals. "A low, muffled voice came from a dark-skinned old man.
The rosy-faced old man raised his eyebrows and said, "Yu Qiu, I must have these Heaven Derivation Essences. Don't fight with me today!"
The two of them stood up and looked at each other. Their auras were released, and the auras of everyone in the auction house were reduced by a notch.
In the side room, Mo Can said, "These two people, one of them is surnamed Huang and the other is surnamed Yu. I believe one of them is from the Heavenly Dragon's Huang Clan and the other is from the Forbidden City's Yu Clan. They are both famous clans in the Imperial Capital. If that's the case, the price of the Heaven's Evolution Essence today will probably be astronomical."
None of the seven aristocratic families were short of money.
These two people seemed to be highly respected in the aristocratic families. If they really fought for it, one of them would probably not care about the cost.
However, although the Huang and Yu families were famous, there were many hidden dragons and crouching tigers in the auction house.
Other than the two old men, there were still others who were unwilling to give up. They also joined in, determined to win the Heaven Derivation Essence.
Only Luo Zheng was still staring at the high platform with his eyes wide open.
"What is this Heaven Derivation Essence? Why is it so valuable? Why is everyone fighting for it? "Luo Zheng asked in a daze.
Mo Can laughed. "I thought that Brother Luo Zheng was knowledgeable, but this time, you are a little ignorant. Have you really not heard of Heaven Derivation Essence?"
Luo Zheng shook his head. Although he had read books on blacksmithing, he had never learned about it. The first time he saw Heaven Derivation Essence was after the black fire in his mind had refined it.
Mo Can did not miss the opportunity to show off his knowledge. He cleared his throat and said, "Heaven Derivation Essence, actually, decades ago, someone discovered Heaven Derivation Essence. How could those blacksmithing Xuan weapons, Spirit, and even Immortal weapons? The reason is that when refining weapons and magic treasures, a trace of the Dao of Heaven's Divination is injected into the weapons. To put it simply, the more powerful the weapon, the more Heaven's Divination Essence it contains! "
...
Luo Zheng finally understood the whole situation.
For so long, the molten iron essence that Luo Zheng had devoured could be considered Heaven Derivation Earth Derivation Earth.
In his mind, Qinglong's sculpture needed to devour Heaven Derivation Essence to light up its dragon scales.
However, a high-grade Xuan weapon contained five to six drops of Heaven Derivation Essence. Logically speaking, Heaven Derivation Essence should not be as valuable as imagined. Why was that small bottle of Heaven Derivation Essence worth at least tens of thousands of crystals? And it seemed that the final transaction price was much higher than that?
Hence, Luo Zheng asked this question.
Mo Can smiled and said, "Indeed. Logically speaking, the Heaven's Derivation Essence exists in almost all ranked magic treasures. Even low-grade profound weapons contain the Heaven's Derivation Essence. However, no matter the grade of the magic treasure or weapon, no one can extract the Heaven's Derivation Essence. Regardless of whether you burn it or completely destroy the magic treasure, you will not be able to obtain a trace of the Heaven's Derivation Essence. This is also why there are so many people fighting over the Heaven's Derivation Essence whenever it appears and the price is so high …"
"Since no one can extract Heaven Derivation Essence, why is there one here?" Luo Zheng pointed at Elder Hou's hand on the stage.
Mo Can shrugged his shoulders and said, "I'm not sure about that. In this world, there are always some people with extreme luck who can find this thing by accident!"
While Luo Zheng was learning about the origin of Heaven Derivation Essence, the bidding continued to rise!
From the starting price of twenty thousand crystals, it soared to eighty thousand crystals in a short while.
Even for a great landowning family, more than a hundred thousand crystals was not a small sum.
However, the two old men had no intention of stopping. They kept bidding, and from time to time, others would join in the fun.
In the end, the fifty drops of Heaven Derivation Essence were won by "Old Man Huang" from the Huang family at a sky-high price of one hundred and twenty thousand crystals.
One hundred and twenty thousand crystals to buy fifty drops of Heaven Derivation Essence …
Seeing this, Luo Zheng calculated silently in his heart.
One hundred crystals were enough to buy a superior-grade mystic weapon. A superior-grade mystic weapon could at least produce five drops of Heaven Derivation Essence.
Ten superior-grade mystic weapons, which was equivalent to one thousand crystals, were enough to produce fifty drops of Heaven Derivation Essence.
If these fifty drops of Heaven Derivation Essence were given to Qinglong, he could light up ten dragon scales.
However, if he sold these fifty drops of Heaven Derivation Essence, he could earn more than a hundred thousand crystals …
To Luo Zheng, this was a profitable business. It was definitely the way to get rich!
If everything went smoothly, Luo Zheng would be able to accumulate a considerable amount of wealth in a short period of time. Furthermore, the crystals could be exchanged for points. This way, rescuing Luo Yan would not be too difficult.
For a moment, Luo Zheng's emotions were surging. He did not even pay much attention to the auction. It was only when Elder Hou took out the fire scorpion crystal core that Luo Zheng reacted. It was time for the item he had entrusted to be auctioned off.
The fact that the fire scorpion crystal core was taken out after the Heaven Derivation Essence meant that it was more valuable than the Heaven Derivation Essence!
This was indeed the case.
The moment the fire scorpion crystal core appeared, the entire auction house went into an uproar.
Judging from everyone's reaction, they seemed to be more interested in the fire scorpion crystal core than the Heaven Derivation Essence. After all, it had been so many years since an adult fire scorpion crystal core had appeared.
However, the final price of the Fire Scorpion Crystal Core disappointed Luo Zheng. Although the final price was much higher than the base price, it was only seventy thousand cubic meters of crystal stones in the end. It was far less than the Heaven's Divination Essence.
The reason for this was that the Heaven Derivation Essence had been obtained by the Huang family. Since Elder Hou had already spent such a large sum of money to purchase the Heaven Derivation Essence, he naturally would not participate in the auction for the fire scorpion crystal core. In the end, the person who won the bid was the old man called Yu Qiu from the Forbidden City's Yu family.
"Seventy thousand cubes of crystals is enough! After deducting the handling fee from the Tianlu Auction House and the cost of the Weapon Refinement Sect manual, I still have about forty thousand crystals left. More importantly, I understand the use of the Heaven Derivation Essence! "
While Luo Zheng was in a daze, the auction at the Tianlu Auction House had already ended.
The people in the auction house began to leave in a single file.
Those who had won the bid had to stay behind to complete the transaction of cash and goods.
Luo Zheng had just stood up when he saw a young man dressed in silk smiling at him from afar. Beside him was the seductive woman who had visited Luo Zheng's room.
Luo Zheng immediately understood that this person was Zhuge Feng, the person who had been causing trouble for him and even sent people to kill him!
Zhuge Feng made a throat-slitting gesture and then grinned, revealing his white teeth. His face was full of evil charm.
Luo Zheng did not back down. He stretched out his finger and pointed at Zhuge Feng with a cold smile on his face.
Tit for tat!
When some people saw this scene, they could only sigh silently.
If two people of similar strength were to go against each other like this, it would indeed be considered tit for tat.
However, the guy in the room was only a Half-step to Connate. Why was he so arrogant? He dared to face Zhuge Feng directly. Was he crazy or did he have something to rely on?
On the other hand, Zhuge Feng was a little strange …
This should be the first time he had met that guy.
Even if he was a little unreasonable, why did that guy seem to be targeting him on purpose? Zhuge Feng could not figure it out.
At this moment, a servant in the Family Zhuge uniform walked over.
"I asked you to investigate. Have you found anything?" Zhuge Feng asked.

Chapter 87
"Luo Zheng? So it's him? "
Zhuge Feng had a deep impression of this name.
Initially, this guy seemed to have kicked out his younger brother, Zhuge Hong, during the Trial of Blood.
After that, Zhuge Hong begged him to get rid of Luo Zheng.
Zhuge Feng naturally wouldn't personally deal with a Viscera Refining Stage junior. Thus, he ordered one of his subordinates, Manager Zhu, to handle this matter.
To Zhuge Feng's surprise, not only did Manager Zhu fail, he was even beaten up by Luo Zheng and came back crying to him with injuries all over his body.
At that time, Zhuge Feng still thought that Luo Zheng was just a clown who wasn't worth the effort. Until Cao Lei from the Xiao Yufeng came looking for him, Zhuge Feng sent the Black and White Double Demons to the south to kill Luo Zheng.
In the end, the Black and White Double Demons and Cao Lei both died in the south.
What Zhuge Feng didn't expect was that in just a few days, Luo Zheng actually stood in the auction house and looked for trouble with Zhuge Feng!
Thinking of this, the smile on Zhuge Feng's face became even wider.
He walked along the aisle of the auction house and slowly walked towards the side room.
Many people in the auction house saw this scene and immediately became nervous.
Zhuge Feng's personality was well-known in the imperial city.
Crazy, arrogant, and without a bottom line. If he fought here, the Zhang Family would really be in trouble.
At this time, Zhang Wuxian also came in from another door with his men.
Zhang Wuxian already knew that Luo Zheng and Zhuge Feng had a dispute. Zhang Wuxian also knew that Luo Zheng already had a grudge with Zhuge Feng's subordinates at the Xiao Yufeng party. Thus, he hurried over with his men and blocked in front of Zhuge Feng.
"Young Master Feng!" Zhang Wuxian walked up with a smile and greeted Zhuge Feng.
As the saying goes, don't hit a smiling face. Zhang Wuxian's simple and honest smile made it hard for people to get angry at him.
Zhuge Feng nodded and pointed at Zhang Wuxian. "You're … the second son of the Zhang Family. Zhang Wuji is your brother?"
Zhang Wuxian nodded. "Yes. My brother just went to see the guests out. He's not here right now..."
Zhuge Feng suddenly walked up and hugged Zhang Wuxian's fat body!
Everyone in the auction house was stunned. The two guards behind Zhang Wuxian also looked embarrassed and didn't know what to do.
They had to protect Zhang Wuxian's safety, but they were also wary of Zhuge Feng. Moreover, Zhuge Feng didn't want to hurt Zhang Wuxian. He just hugged him out of the blue.
Everyone said that Zhuge Feng was crazy. In fact, that was indeed the case. Otherwise, his nickname of "The Three Crazy Men" wouldn't have come from nothing.
Zhuge Feng indeed didn't do anything to Zhang Wuxian. He only stuck his head in Zhang Wuxian's ear and said, "I will give face to the Zhang Family and your brother, Zhang Wuji, so I won't do anything in the Zhang Family's territory. However, I have something to say to the little guy upstairs. Can you step aside first?"
Zhang Wuxian's forehead was full of sweat. He knew Zhuge Feng's strength very well. Perhaps Zhuge Feng only needed to use a little strength to kill him. However, Zhuge Feng was so polite. Zhang Wuxian could only nod stiffly.
Zhuge Feng let go of Zhang Wuxian and patted him on the shoulder. Then, he walked around Zhang Wuxian and walked up to Luo Zheng.
Luo Zheng was on high alert. The Sky Devil True Qi in his body began to surge and spread out through his meridians. He was ready to attack.
"You're Luo Zheng?" Zhuge Feng asked with a smile.
Luo Zheng nodded calmly. "What's the matter?"
"You beat up my family's dog and killed the Black White Double Demons?" Zhuge Feng asked again.
"Your family's servant offended me, so he deserved to be beaten up. The Black White Double Demons wanted to take my life, so he deserved to be killed!" Luo Zheng answered.
"Clap clap clap clap …"
Zhuge Feng suddenly clapped his hands. At this moment, almost everyone in the auction house had left. The remaining people didn't say a word, so the sound of Zhuge Feng's clapping was unusually ear-piercing.
"You've got guts. You even asked me to die just now. You've got guts. I haven't seen someone like you in a long time!" Zhuge Feng laughed. "But people like you usually die very quickly!"
What Zhuge Feng enjoyed the most was to put mental pressure on his opponent and torture them ruthlessly. Zhuge Feng had investigated Luo Zheng's background before. He was just a nobody with no background. Zhuge Feng had ten thousand ways to kill someone like him.
However, compared to physical injuries, Zhuge Feng preferred mental pressure. This was Zhuge Feng's hobby.
"Is that so?" Luo Zheng's lips curled into a mocking smile. "Although you like to threaten people in such a crazy way and seem very arrogant, I, Luo Zheng, have heard countless of such threats. Do you think you're very creative? Too old-fashioned! "
Hearing Luo Zheng's words, the smile on Zhuge Feng's face suddenly froze.
Luo Zheng continued, "If you want my life, then go ahead and take it. I don't care about you. I don't care about your Family Zhuge. I don't care about these senseless tricks. Also, once the" Weapon Refining Arts "falls into my hands, I will naturally memorize every single word of it and burn it to ashes. If you want to take it from me, then please split open my head and see if you can find any words of that secret manual!"
Zhuge Feng had never thought that Luo Zheng could be so unyielding.
In other words, Luo Zheng wasn't just gutsy. He was completely arrogant!
Family Zhuge was one of the seven great families of the Burning Sky Dynasty. It was a family that had stood tall since the founding of the Burning Sky Dynasty!
If he didn't even care about Family Zhuge, then what else could he care about?
Zhuge Feng had always prided himself on his crazy nature, but that was only because his Family Zhuge was a strong and powerful backing.
However, compared to Luo Zheng, the difference between Zhuge Feng and Luo Zheng wasn't small at all.
Luo Zheng was too crazy!
For a moment, Zhuge Feng couldn't find a way out of this embarrassing situation.
In Zhuge Feng's heart, he almost wanted to tear Luo Zheng into pieces!
Actually, he could have done that.
Even if he killed someone at the Tianlu Auction House and angered the Zhang Family, his Family Zhuge could still bear the consequences.
There was never a death grudge between the Family Zhuge and the Zhang Family would shut up if the Zhang Family got a share of the profits.
However, he was too crazy previously and thought that he could suppress Luo Zheng. That was why he calmly told Zhang Wuxian that he would give face to the Zhang Family and Zhang Wuji …
It wouldn't be appropriate for him to make a move now.
The crazy smile on Zhuge Feng's face had completely disappeared and was replaced with an ashen expression.
"What right does an outer sect disciple have to not care about Family Zhuge?" Zhuo Fei, who was following behind Zhuge Feng, couldn't hold it in anymore. She had never seen such an expression on Zhuge Feng's face before. Moreover, he was facing a half-step Xiantian outer sect disciple!
"Forget it, Zhuo Fei!" Zhuge Feng turned around and scolded Zhuo Fei.
"But Feng …" Zhuo Fei said unwillingly.
"Let's go!" Zhuge Feng interrupted Zhuo Fei's words and turned around to leave. He didn't even bother to threaten her.
Zhuo Fei glared fiercely at Luo Zheng, as if she wanted to swallow Luo Zheng whole. Only then did she leave with Zhuge Feng.
After the two left Tianlu Auction House, Zhang Wuxian, Mo Can, Zhou Xian, and the others gathered around them.
"Brother Luo Zheng, Boss Luo Zheng! You were too awesome just now! "Mo Can and Zhou Xian exclaimed.
They were already very nervous when they saw Zhuo Fei coming over to warn them on behalf of Zhuge Feng. However, they didn't expect Luo Zheng to be so arrogant! He didn't even put Zhuge Feng in his eyes! He directly told Zhuge Feng to go and die! Now, he gave Zhuge Feng a hard slap in the face and didn't give him a way out.
Zhang Wuxian said with a serious face, "I've never seen Zhuge Feng suffer in front of anyone. Luo Zheng, you're the first person I've seen!"
Zhang Wuxian didn't usually reveal his talents. As a member of the Zhang Family, his vision and information were much better than Luo Zheng, Mo Can, and Zhou Xian. The Zhang Family was able to develop to its current level under the suppression of the Seven Great Families. Their foundation was far beyond the average family. Therefore, Zhang Wuxian saw the problem more clearly.
"Zhuge Feng is probably really angry this time. That's why he turned around and left," Zhang Wuxian said. "Brother Luo Zheng, if you treat him like this, I'm afraid …"
Luo Zheng smiled. "Brother Wuxian, tell me, if I'm weak and humble, and I'm polite to him, will he let me go?"
Zhang Wuxian was stunned. He thought for a while and said, "You're right. Even if you give in to him, he won't show any mercy."
"Since the result is the same, why should I be afraid?" Why should I be afraid of him? Why should I tolerate him? "Luo Zheng raised his eyebrows slightly, a trace of ruthlessness in his eyes.
His thoughts were very clear. Dealing with such an enemy was like dealing with a cunning wolf. Only by being more ruthless and crazier than it would you have a chance to win a chance of survival. If you showed the slightest intention of retreating, they would pounce on you and tear you to pieces.
"Admirable! Admirable! "
At this moment, another person came in through the door of the auction house. He was eight feet tall and had a strong build. He looked 70% similar to Zhang Wuxian, but he wasn't as fat as Zhang Wuxian.
That person said admiring and walked over slowly. Then, he said to Zhang Wuxian, "Wuxian, is this your friend?"
"His name is Luo Zheng. He's Xiao Yufeng's disciple." Zhang Wuxian introduced him to Luo Zheng. "Luo Zheng, this is my older brother, Zhang Wuji."
Luo Zheng didn't feel much about this name. However, since he was Zhang Wuxian's older brother, he naturally had to be polite. He cupped his hands and bowed to Zhang Wuji.
"You're the first person who can make Zhuge Feng suffer so much!" Zhang Wuji smiled. "Wuxian, your friend is amazing!"
"Senior Wuji, you flatter me. If there were other ways to deal with it, I wouldn't have provoked Zhuge Feng." Luo Zheng shook his head and said.
"What senior? I'm only a few years older than you. I'm not that old." Zhang Wuji smiled. "Brother Luo Zheng, you haven't delivered the goods you bought. Come with me to the back hall and I'll give you the crystal stones and the 'Weapon Refining Sect Technique'."
Zhang Wuji looked simple and honest, but he was strong and smart. He admired Luo Zheng for slapping Zhuge Feng in the face, but he couldn't express his opinion on this matter. Although Luo Zheng was Zhang Wuxian's disciple, it was impossible for the Zhang Family to stand behind Luo Zheng and help him fight against the Family Zhuge.
The Zhang Family was a business, not a charity. If Zhang Wuji took on everything at this moment, it would be a loss for him.
However, as members of the Zhang Family, Zhang Wuxian and Zhang Wuji both had extraordinary wisdom.

Chapter 88
It was not a coincidence that the Zhang family could develop to this point just by relying on money. It was almost on par with the seven noble families.
Not only did they know how to invest, but they also knew how to invest.
People like Luo Zheng, who had risen from the grassroots, would always be the target of their investment.
Therefore, although they would not openly help Luo Zheng fight against Zhuge Feng, they would secretly help him a lot.
"Generally speaking, our Tianlu Auction House will take ten percent of the auction proceeds as commission," Zhang Wuji said. "However, you are Zhang Wuxian's friend. Thus, our Tianlu Auction House will not take this commission from the auction proceeds."
"That's not very good …" Luo Zheng wanted to refuse.
"Brother Luo Zheng, if you think so, then you don't treat me as a friend, right?" Zhang Wuji did not protect Luo Zheng too much in front of Zhuge Feng's Zhang family. Zhang Wuji was determined to do him a favor.
Since Zhang Wuji said so, Luo Zheng naturally had no reason to refuse. He could only nod and express his gratitude.
"Huala!" At this time, Zhang Wuji stretched out his hand and pulled open the curtain in the back hall, revealing a small mountain of square crystals. "Brother Luo Zheng, your Fire Scorpion Crystal Core was sold at a high price of 70,000 square crystals. After deducting the 25,000 square crystals from the 'Weapon Refining Ancestral Technique', there are still 45,000 square crystals left. They belong to you."
So many square crystals were shining with a strange light. Mo Can, Zhou Xian, and the others were stunned. The two of them seemed to be completely dumbfounded.
"Brother, Brother Luo Zheng, that Fire Scorpion Crystal Core is yours?" Mo Can finally understood why Luo Zheng was so confident to participate in the auction of the 'Weapon Refining Ancestral Technique'. It turned out that he was not short of money at all.
"Oh my god, I have never seen so many square crystals in my life …" Zhou Xian also murmured.
They were all outer disciples, but the gap was too big. How long had Luo Zheng been in the Blue Cloud Sect? He had earned so many points!
Faced with this mountain of square crystals, Luo Zheng was in a bit of a dilemma. He had a spatial ring in his hand, but the spatial ring's space wasn't very large. There was no way for him to store these square crystals.
He couldn't just carry these square crystals away, could he? That was simply unrealistic.
Seeing Luo Zheng's awkward expression, Zhang Wuxian smiled and said, "Brother Luo Zheng, you don't have to take these square crystals with you. We'll help you deposit them into the Zhang Family's Tianlu Bank!"
As he spoke, Zhang Wuxian handed over a thin token in his hand. This token was framed with a layer of glittering gold foil, and the words "Tianlu Ticket Office" were written on it in ancient characters.
"If Brother Luo Zheng needs to spend money, you can directly withdraw it from the Tianlu Ticket Store. Even if it's a large transaction, you can directly open a receipt. Our Tianlu Ticket Store's receipt is the best currency in the capital! You can use it as square crystals, "Zhang Wuxian said.
Luo Zheng rubbed the token in his hand for a while. The Tianlu Ticket Office was spread throughout the entire Burning Heaven Empire. It was the most trustworthy ticket office in the empire. Luo Zheng nodded and put it into his spatial ring.
Then, Zhang Wuji handed over a small brocade box to Luo Zheng. "This is Che Daozi's 《Weapon Refining Ancestral Techniques》. Brother Luo Zheng, please take care of it."
Luo Zheng opened the brocade box and saw a tattered and yellowed manual.
25,000 square crystals for a tattered book. Luo Zheng's investment was extremely risky.
Luo Zheng couldn't tell whether this 《Weapon Refining Ancestral Techniques》 would be beneficial to him. However, since Luo Zheng had planned it out, he had to do it. Even if he had to pay a high price, he had to try.
After putting away the 《Weapon Refining Ancestral Techniques》, Luo Zheng and the others left the auction house. Zhang Wuxian had to stay behind to do some inventory work, so he didn't come out with them.
This time, he followed Zhang Wuxian to the Tianlu Auction House. Not only did he trade the Fire Scorpion Core, but he also obtained a large amount of crystal stones and a 《Weapon Refining Ancestral Techniques》. It could be said that this trip was not in vain.
However, Luo Zheng believed that the biggest gain was a piece of news.
That was, Luo Zheng had a new understanding of the Molten Iron Essence, which they called "Sky Amplification Essence".
When he thought of being able to extract the Sky Amplification Essence from a profound artifact, Luo Zheng couldn't help but feel excited. However, this matter couldn't be rushed, so he suppressed this impulse. Everything had to be planned at length.
At this time, Mo Can and Zhou Xian were still somewhat worried.
After all, just now, Luo Zheng was directly threatened by Zhuge Feng.
Although Luo Zheng didn't show any weakness in his counterattack, Zhuge Feng's strength was there for all to see. Luo Zheng's situation was very dangerous.
Seeing their expressions, Luo Zheng comforted them, "Zhou Xian, Mo Can, don't worry. We'll deal with whatever comes our way. He's not the only one who wants to kill me, Luo Zheng. I'm still alive and well!"
Seeing that Luo Zheng himself was so optimistic, the two of them didn't think too much about it.
"Let's go and relax!" Luo Zheng suddenly suggested. After being in the capital for so long, he really hadn't had a good time to play in the capital.
"Good idea. You can make a fortune today. You've made a lot of money! You have to treat us! "Mo Can said with a smile.
"Okay, I'm not familiar with the capital. You guys lead the way. I'll pay for all the expenses!" Luo Zheng nodded.
"Then we'll have to extort Brother Luo Zheng!" Zhou Xian and Mo Can looked at each other. Suddenly, a trace of a smirk appeared on their faces.
Then, Mo Can seized the opportunity and said, "In the capital, the most expensive place to go is naturally the Golden Breeze Drizzle Building! But it's too expensive. Let's not go! "
"Yeah, let's not go!" Zhou Xian quickly echoed, "It's too expensive, ai …"
Luo Zheng pointed at the two of them and scolded with a smile, "You two brats, just say it if you want to go. Are you afraid that I can't afford it?"
"We were waiting for Brother Luo Zheng to say that!" Mo Can clapped his hands and said, "Let's go now."
Then, Mo Can led the way in front. The three of them walked along the main road of the capital for a while and stopped in front of a building.
The prosperity of the capital was difficult to describe.
This prosperity was reflected in many details.
"This Golden Breeze Drizzle Building is entirely built with jade?" Looking at the emerald green pavilion in front of him, Luo Zheng's eyes revealed a look of surprise. Isn't this too luxurious?
Mo Can laughed twice and said, "Brother Luo Zheng, that jade is soft. How can it be used to build a pavilion?"
"But …" Luo Zheng pointed at what he saw in front of him and said.
"This pavilion is only covered with a layer of jade outside. It looks like it's made of unpolished jade," Mo Can explained.
"So that's how it is." Luo Zheng nodded. Even so, this Golden Breeze Drizzle Building was still a masterpiece.
After the three of them looked at it for a while, they stepped on the emerald green steps and entered the pavilion.
As soon as they entered, there was a well-dressed waiter at the door and greeted them with a nod and a bow.
Compared to Zhou Xian and Luo Zheng, Mo Can was more familiar with the place. After chatting with the waiter for a while, the hunchbacked waiter brought the three of them to the second floor of the Golden Breeze Drizzle Building.
The entire Golden Breeze Drizzle Building was decorated very exquisitely. It was almost luxurious. Every detail was done to perfection.
In the private room, Luo Zheng and the others had just sat down when Mo Can waved his hand and said with a smile, "Everyone says that listening to Miss Qing Ling play a song is worth living. Would Miss Qing Ling be willing to come and play a song today?"
"This …" The waiter's face revealed a hesitant expression.
Miss Qing Ling was the star of the Golden Breeze Drizzle Building. Her entrance fee was shockingly high. The waiter of the Golden Breeze Drizzle Building had seen countless people come and go. The people in front of him were wearing white disciple robes. They were only outer disciples of the Blue Cloud Sect. They didn't look like gentry either. Could they afford the price?
It must be known that every year, there were many disciples of the Blue Cloud Sect who used their status to cause trouble at the Golden Breeze Drizzle Building.
Mo Can shrugged and spread his hands towards Luo Zheng with a smile, "It's up to you, Brother Luo Zheng!"
Luo Zheng was usually very frugal, but when it came to spending money, he was not careless at all.
"If you're afraid of not having enough money, will these be enough?" Saying this, Luo Zheng flicked his hand and a dozen square crystals fell out from his spatial ring.
A square crystal was enough for an ordinary person to live on. It was more than enough for several lifetimes.
Although the Golden Breeze Drizzle Building's expenses were high, these square crystals were more than enough to invite their star out.
Seeing the square crystals, the waiter's eyes suddenly lit up. There was no longer any hesitation on his face as he said repeatedly, "Dear guests, please wait a moment! I'll invite them for you right away! "
Before long, the sound of small steps came from outside the private room. Before he could see the person, a fragrance assailed his nose.
＝＝＝＝＝

Chapter 89
It was a young lady dressed in green. Behind her were four young maids who were holding musical instruments such as yangqin, erhu, pipa, and so on.
"I am Qing Ling. Greetings to all of you." Qing Ling gracefully walked over and bowed to greet them.
Qing Ling was born with good looks. Her black hair was perfectly arranged on both sides of her head. Her exposed skin was as white as snow, and her eyes were clear and bright. Her entire body was bathed in a celestial aura. Compared to those prostitutes, she lacked a hint of coquettish aura.
Luo Zheng rarely participated in such occasions. However, Mo Can waved his hand and smiled. "Miss Qing Ling, please sing a song!"
Qing Ling nodded and took a few steps back. She pulled out a chair and sat down. She took a pipa from the young maid beside her and played it with her jade-like fingers. Then, her red lips opened slightly, and a light song floated out from her mouth.
That voice was melodious and sweet like a nightingale. When it entered one's ears, it was also an extreme enjoyment.
At this moment, a few servants began to serve the wine and dishes. When Luo Zheng saw this scene, he sighed in his heart. Golden Breeze Drizzle Building was indeed a place to squander money.
However, before Qing Ling finished her song, a rough voice suddenly came from the door.
"Miss Qing Ling, I asked you to accompany me yesterday. You said your throat was uncomfortable, but now you are playing and singing here. Do you think I, Master Hong Si, am easy to fool?" Before the voice died away, a rough man dressed in a black robe walked in from the door. There were a few people following behind him. All of them were dressed in black robes. They were all inner sect disciples of the Blue Cloud Sect.
Beside the boorish man, there was a waiter who kept bowing and apologizing to the boorish man.
Qing Ling stopped singing and frowned slightly, as if she disliked the person in front of her. She only said, "Master Hong Si, my throat was indeed uncomfortable yesterday. I already have a guest today. If you want to hear me play and sing, please make an appointment another day!"
"Yes, yes. Master Hong Si, Qing Ling already has a guest today. Please come this way. Our Golden Breeze Drizzle Building has other red cards." The waiter nodded and bowed.
"Get lost!" Master Hong Si kicked the waiter to the side. "Customer? I am also a guest. Today, I want Qingling to accompany me. "As Master Hong Si spoke, he stared at Luo Zheng and the others with his bull-like eyes. Seeing that they were wearing white robes, he revealed a contemptuous smile." Just a few outer sect disciples. I think you are willing to obediently give Miss Qingling to us, right? "
Mo Can's and Zhou Xian's faces suddenly sank. When men entered a brothel, the best thing was to have face. If they really gave up Qing Ling, then their face would really be lost. However, several people on the other side were wearing black robes. They were all Blue Cloud Sect's Inner Sect disciples. Although they didn't know which mountain's Inner Sect disciples they were from, no matter which mountain's Inner Sect disciples they were from, they were far more powerful than the Outer Sect disciples.
Luo Zheng, who was sitting at the side, had a leisurely expression as he poured a cup of wine and slowly sipped it into his mouth. The wine of the Golden Breeze Drizzle Building was soft and had an excellent taste. After he finished the cup of wine, he sneered. "Everything is based on first come, first served. Miss Qingling is invited by us. If you want to hear her play and sing, you can come again another day."
Master Hong Si and the group of people he brought originally thought that the three white robes in front of them would be very obedient. After all, they, inner sect disciples, had always been able to do whatever they wanted in front of outer sect disciples. They didn't expect that the young man who was drinking wine actually dared to say such words.
Master Hong Si sneered. "First come, first served? Follow my fist and talk about first come, first served! "
Luo Zheng frowned. He stretched out his hand and said softly, "If that's the case, then please scram!"
Scram? The faces of Master Hong Si and the other black robed disciples instantly changed. They all doubted if they had heard wrongly.
Since when did outer sect disciples dare to be so arrogant in front of inner sect disciples?
"Seems like you're the kind of person who won't give up until you see the coffin." Master Hong Si clenched his fist that was as big as an iron bowl. His entire body's True Yuan gushed out from his Dantian. That aggressive aura brought about a fierce wind, causing Qingling's hair to flutter.
"Is that so? Today, you're the second person to threaten me. However, compared to the first person, you're just a piece of trash. "Luo Zheng lightly threw the wine cup on the table. That wine cup was still spinning on the table. Soon after, his figure transformed into a strong wind and disappeared from his seat.
Almost no one saw how Luo Zheng moved. When everyone saw Luo Zheng's figure again, he had already appeared in front of Master Hong Si.
"Pa!"
A crisp slap landed on Master Hong Si's face.
Master Hong Si didn't react in time. When he realized that he had been slapped, his face flushed red. He was about to yell and make things difficult for Luo Zheng.
"Pa!"
Before Master Hong Si could make a move, Luo Zheng gave him another slap.
"You, I'm going to kill you …" Master Hong Si was already extremely angry.
"Pa!"
Luo Zheng continued to give him another slap, causing Master Hong Si to swallow back the words he wanted to say.
When the inner sect disciples behind Master Hong Si saw this, their faces instantly darkened. They all wanted to make a move.
However, before they could circulate their True Yuan, each of them received a punch on their chest.
Luo Zheng's punch seemed casual, but it was after all activated by the Sky Demon True Qi. Its power was extremely great.
A fist mark appeared on their chests. Then, they flew out, smashing through the delicate railings on the second floor and falling heavily on the ground on the first floor.
After that, Luo Zheng's figure flashed and appeared in front of Master Hong Si again.
Master Hong Si was confused by Luo Zheng's slaps. He didn't know that the people he helped had already been sent flying by Luo Zheng. He roared angrily, "Brothers, attack! Tear these untactful outer sect disciples into pieces! "
Luo Zheng, Mo Can and Zhou Xian all looked at Master Hong Si with a mocking expression.
Only now did Master Hong Si realize that something was wrong. He turned his head and saw that his brothers behind him were gone. Only then did his facial expression change. He realized that the young man in white robe in front of him was not someone to be trifled with.
It was obviously too late for him to realize this problem now.
"Do you want me to help you get out, or do you want to get out yourself?" Luo Zheng asked coldly.
"I, I, you, you …" Master Hong Si's brain wasn't enough to process this. He stuttered and didn't know what to say.
"Bang!"
Luo Zheng kicked Master Hong Si in the chest. Master Hong Si rolled down the stairs of the second floor with a clanging sound.
Luo Zheng then returned to his seat. Just as he was about to pour wine, the waiter beside him quickly lifted the wine pot and poured a cup of wine for Luo Zheng. "Sir, we can do such a small thing as pouring wine!"
When the people in Golden Breeze Drizzle Building saw that Master Hong Si and his gang were taught a lesson by Luo Zheng, they felt very happy.
These guys relied on their black-robed disciples to leave the Blue Cloud Sect and come to Golden Breeze Drizzle Building for entertainment.
If it was just for entertainment, it would be fine. However, Master Hong Si and his gang liked to create trouble. Every time they drank wine, they would create a mess here.
However, ordinary people didn't dare to provoke them. Today, they kicked an iron plate and were taught a lesson by this white-robed disciple.
Regardless of whether it was the waiter, the manservant, or the top singer, Qing Ling, they all had the same question.
Being in the imperial city, they had more or less interacted with the disciples of the Blue Cloud Sect. They were very clear about the difference between the white-robed and black-robed disciples in the Blue Cloud Sect.
But what was up with this white-robed disciple today?
She had easily defeated several black-robed disciples by herself …
When did the world turn around?
Although they were puzzled, they didn't dare to ask. Anyway, Luo Zheng had already helped them vent their anger. They believed that Master Hong Si and his gang would behave themselves in the future.
In comparison, Mo Can and Zhou Xian were even more shocked.
Previously, they had seen Luo Zheng defeat an Innate Realm expert.
On Xiao Yufeng, Luo Zheng challenged several people from Vulture Peak by himself. In the end, he defeated Liu Cunshi, who had already entered the Innate Realm.
However, Luo Zheng also spent a lot of effort to defeat Liu Cunshi.
But today, Luo Zheng defeated several inner sect disciples so easily.
These inner sect disciples were all Innate Realm experts, but they didn't even have the strength to fight back in front of Luo Zheng.
Could it be that in just a few days, Luo Zheng's strength had another qualitative leap?
Mo Can and Zhou Xian looked at each other. They seemed to have thought of the same thing. Their eyes were full of astonishment.
If Luo Zheng continued to improve at this speed, how terrifying would it be?
In fact, Luo Zheng's strength didn't increase so much when he entered the Half-step Innate Realm from the Marrow Refining Realm.
The key reason was that the essential Qi in Luo Zheng's body had transformed from Red Sandalwood Essential Qi to Heavenly Demon Essential Qi.
One must know that Red Sandalwood Fist was only a Profound-level technique, while Heavenly Demon Fist was a Saint-level technique. There was a huge difference between the two.
Mo Can and Zhou Xian could only sigh inwardly. They were also outer sect disciples, but their speed of advancement was like a snail's. How could there be such a huge gap between them?
After the singer Qing Ling sang a few songs, the wine tasted great.
After paying for the drinks, Luo Zheng looked at the singer called Qing Ling and took out two square crystals as a reward.
Unexpectedly, Qing Ling retreated and only said, "Young Master has already paid. This reward is too much. I can't accept it."
Luo Zheng nodded but didn't say anything. This girl was born with outstanding beauty, but she was reduced to singing and selling. It could only be said that her fate was full of misfortune. However, Luo Zheng wasn't a savior, so there was nothing he could do to help.
After leaving the Golden Breeze Drizzle Building, it was time to return to the Blue Cloud Sect.
Luo Zheng had Zhou Xian and Mo Can return to the Blue Cloud Sect first, while he walked in the opposite direction.
Before returning to the Blue Cloud Sect, he still had things to do.
In order to rescue Luo Yan, Luo Zheng lacked the Blue Cloud Sect's points more than anyone else.
And square crystals could be exchanged for points.
Two million square crystals could be exchanged for a million points.
Now that Luo Zheng had a way to earn money, how could he resist and not try it out?
After asking around, Luo Zheng found the largest market square in the Imperial Capital.
Looking at the buildings on both sides of the market square, he saw "Green Cloud Pill House", "Golden Pill Pavilion", "Ten Thousand Treasures Building", and all kinds of shops.

Chapter 90
This Thousand Secrets Pavilion could be considered the largest shop in the market.
Although Luo Zheng was clear that the truly exquisite treasures and weapons may not appear in such a large shop. But Luo Zheng's goal was not the exquisite spirit weapons.
What Luo Zheng wanted to buy today was profound weapons.
This Thousand Secrets Pavilion was so large, presumably there should be a lot of profound weapons stored.
Entering the Thousand Secrets Pavilion, what greeted him was a dazzling array of weapons.
Pure gold axes, emerald green spears, large swords that looked like flowing blood, everything was here.
Luo Zheng glanced at the weapons. They were all low-grade profound weapons.
The business of the Thousand Secrets Pavilion was also very good. Many people came and went. Inside, there were dozens of servants wearing yellow robes busily greeting customers.
Luo Zheng walked around for so long. He wanted to find someone to ask, but not a single servant came.
Those servants probably saw Luo Zheng's outer sect disciple robes. The people working in the market were very clear that the majority of outer sect disciples had just entered the Blue Cloud Sect. Even if the Blue Cloud Sect distributed some benefits, they still had to bravely cultivate. They simply could not take out any money. Therefore, they had no interest in Luo Zheng.
After waiting for a long time, a servant finally freed up some time. Seeing Luo Zheng's appearance, he reluctantly came to greet him.
"This guest, what kind of weapon do you want to choose? Our Thousand Secrets Pavilion is all-inclusive. As long as it's a weapon you want, we can find it. "The servant said these words about a hundred times a day. Coming out of his mouth, it was very smooth.
Luo Zheng nodded. Looking at the weapons, he said: "I see that these are all low-grade profound weapons. Where are your high-grade profound weapons?"
"High-grade profound weapons?" The servant was stunned. He looked up and down at Luo Zheng.
This manservant was a clever person and didn't have the bad habit of looking down on others. Although he guessed that Luo Zheng most likely couldn't afford a high-grade Xuan Weapon, he was also clear that there were some aristocratic children in the Imperial Capital who liked to pretend to be poor. The person in front of him wasn't necessarily unable to afford a high-grade Xuan Weapon.
Thus, the manservant carefully hid the impatience on his face. At the same time, he put on a slightly courteous smile, "The upper grade profound artifact is not in this area. If you want it, you can follow me."
Luo Zheng nodded and followed the manservant into the depths of Thousand Secrets Pavilion.
The interior of the Thousand Secrets Pavilion was extremely spacious. After walking around in a large circle, the weapons placed on both sides of the pavilion gradually transitioned from Low Grade Xuan Tools to Mid Grade Xuan Tools, and from Mid Grade Xuan Tools to High Grade Xuan Tools.
"These are our Thousand Secrets Pavilion's Upper Grade Profound Armaments. Every one of them is the finest of Profound Armaments!" The manservant introduced.
Luo Zheng swept a glance along the counter. Just as the manservant had said, these Xuan Weapons were all top grade, but whether they were fine or not, they needed to be discussed.
Although they were all Upper Grade Xuan Tools, there was still a huge gap between them.
For example, the Upper Grade Xuan Tools that Luo Zheng seized from Xie Lang could only refine five to six drops of Sky Spill Essence.
However, the two halberds in the hands of the Black White Double Demons unexpectedly refined fifteen drops of Molten Iron Essence.
From Luo Zheng's own observation, these Upper Grade Xuan Tools in front of him were far from the standard of fine.
Although these Xuan Tools did not reach the standard of fine, one Upper Grade Xuan Tool refined into five drops of Molten Iron Essence. Luo Zheng was very satisfied.
"How many Upper Grade Xuan Tools do you have here?" Luo Zheng asked.
Hearing Luo Zheng's question, the manservant was somewhat puzzled. This guy only wanted to buy one Xuan Tool. Why did he care about the number of Upper Grade Xuan Tools in Thousand Secrets Pavilion?
However, the manservant still patiently took out a record book and said, "In our Thousand Secrets Pavilion, there are thirty-two Upper Grade Xuan Tools in the sword category, eighteen Hammer category, twenty-six Blade category, and more than a hundred other categories. In total, there are two hundred and twenty-three Upper Grade Xuan Tools."
Luo Zheng slightly nodded his head.
Although the prices of these Upper Grade Xuan Tools were not the same, on average, one Upper Grade Xuan Tool could be sold for a hundred square crystals.
"This guest, which one have you chosen?" The manservant asked. He felt that he was already very patient.
"Two hundred and twenty-three Upper Grade Xuan Tools, I want all of them." Luo Zheng suddenly said lightly.
"What?" The manservant was stunned. He thought that he heard wrong.
These manservants' monthly salary was relatively low. A considerable part of their salary was taken from the Xuan Tools they sold.
Therefore, they naturally hoped to sell as many as possible.
However, when an average person entered Thousand Secrets Pavilion, they would at most buy one or two Xuan Tools. Very few people would buy three or four Xuan Tools.
However, this young man in front of him, the moment he opened his mouth, he wanted all of the Xuan Tools. What kind of concept was this?
"This guest, don't joke like this … Do you know how much it costs to buy these Upper Grade Xuan Tools?" The manservant's face gradually became somewhat unsightly. It seemed that he had met a madman today.
"On average, based on a hundred square crystals, it would cost around twenty thousand square crystals. Am I right?" Luo Zheng slightly smiled.
Twenty thousand cubes of crystal stones … Even for the Thousand Secrets Pavilion, this was a huge transaction.
Although there were many customers in Thousand Secrets Pavilion, the majority of them came to purchase Lower Grade Xuan Tools and Middle Grade Xuan Tools. The monthly transaction amount was probably only around ten thousand square crystals.
"Twenty thousand square crystals, you think that anyone can take out that much? Go go go, if you want to make fun of this young master, then go to the side! " The manservant suddenly became angry. He saw that no one was serving Luo Zheng, so he took the initiative to come over. He did not expect that he would meet a madman who opened his mouth and wanted to buy all of the Upper Grade Xuan Tools.
"What? You can't make the decision? If you can't make the decision, then I can find someone else. "Luo Zheng lightly said as he reached out to take a sword and observed it.
"Go find whoever you want!" The manservant's face was stiff as he turned around to leave.
Luo Zheng's mouth hung a smile, but he calmly walked to the end of the counter. There was a middle-aged man in brown who was checking the accounts.
"Are you the person in charge here?" Luo Zheng asked.
The middle-aged man raised his head, looked at Luo Zheng, and asked: "What do you want?"
This time, Luo Zheng directly took out the token that Zhang Wuxian gave him and said: "I want to buy a batch of Upper Grade Xuan Tools."
The middle-aged man saw that Luo Zheng was wearing a white robe, but he did not take Luo Zheng seriously. These days, doing business relied on clothing to distinguish customers.
But when the middle-aged man saw the token in Luo Zheng's hand, his expression suddenly changed.
The middle-aged man recognized the token. He knew it even better than Luo Zheng.
The token of "Tianlu Ticket Store" had a total of four colors: purple, white, cyan, and gold.
Among them, purple was the most common, and gold was the most honorable.
The token in Luo Zheng's hand was the most honorable one.
Even if this token did not contain crystal stones, it could be borrowed from any Tianlu Ticket Store for 10,000 crystal stones.
As far as the middle-aged man knew, there were no more than 1,000 holders of this kind of golden token.
The middle-aged man instantly realized that he had met a big customer. His face suddenly looked like it had been blown by a spring breeze. He walked out from behind the counter and said politely: "Friend, what do you want to buy? In addition to Xuan Tools, we also have several Spirit Tools for sale on the second floor. I can take you to see them! "
"No need." Luo Zheng turned around and pointed to the row of Upper Grade Xuan Tools: "I want to buy some Upper Grade Xuan Tools."
"Oh!" The middle-aged man's eyes flashed with a touch of imperceptible disappointment. After all, a big customer with a golden token only wanted to buy some Upper Grade Xuan Tools. He was slightly disappointed in his heart, but he absolutely did not dare to show it in front of Luo Zheng. After all, this kind of customer was absolutely not to be offended. Maybe in the future, he would bring in a big business. "Which Upper Grade Xuan Tool did you choose?"
"This one, this one, and this one." Luo Zheng pointed.
"Customer, you want these three Upper Grade Xuan Tools? I'll have someone wrap them up for you. "The middle-aged man said.
"No, except for these three, I want to buy all of the other 220 Upper Grade Xuan Tools." Luo Zheng said with a smile.
"…"
The middle-aged man stood there for a long time without saying a word.
He had been the shopkeeper of Tianji Pavilion for so many years. What kind of customer had he not seen?
But this was the first time he had seen someone buy things like this.
"You're not joking, are you?" The middle-aged man asked cautiously. If he had not seen Luo Zheng's Tianlu Ticket Store's golden token, he was afraid that at this moment, he would have already ordered someone to drive Luo Zheng out.
But the middle-aged man was very clear that the person in front of him completely had the financial resources to buy those 120 Upper Grade Xuan Tools.
"I'm not joking. I'm buying so many at once. Won't you give me a discount?" Luo Zheng asked.
"Discount! Of course I'll give you a discount! " Hearing Luo Zheng's affirmative tone, the middle-aged shopkeeper was already convinced that he really wanted to buy 120 Upper Grade Xuan Tools in one go. Even though he was not clear on what Luo Zheng wanted to do with so many Upper Grade Xuan Tools.
"Guys, come over here!" The middle-aged shopkeeper shouted, which attracted a lot of people.
After seven or eight manservants came over, the middle-aged shopkeeper said, "Help this honored customer wrap up all of these Upper Grade Xuan Tools!"
After those manservants heard the order, they all started to take out the Upper Grade Xuan Tools one by one.
That manservant from earlier was also among them. When he heard the shopkeeper's request to wrap up all of the Upper Grade Xuan Tools, his face instantly turned extremely ugly …
At this moment, that manservant's intestines were green with regret.
He had originally thought that Luo Zheng was a lunatic who was deliberately teasing him. Who would have thought that Luo Zheng would really buy all of the Upper Grade Xuan Tools …
His salary was a large part of the commission from selling the Xuan Tools.
The commission from selling one Upper Grade Xuan Tool was equivalent to several months of his salary.
If he were to sell over 200 Xuan Tools in one go, the commission from selling them was enough for him to not need to work for the rest of his life!
But what kind of attitude did he have towards the other party earlier?

Chapter 91
More than two hundred profound armaments were neatly placed together.
The middle-aged shopkeeper held a golden abacus in his hand, his fingers constantly fiddling with the beads, making a crackling sound.
"A total of two hundred and twenty profound armaments. These profound armaments have different prices. According to the average of one hundred square crystal stones per profound armament, the total is twenty-two thousand square crystal stones." After the middle-aged shopkeeper calculated the result, he said to Luo Zheng, "Since you can buy such a large amount at once, our Qianji Pavilion will naturally give you a discount. According to the 10% discount, we'll take twenty thousand square crystal stones. Are you satisfied with this price?"
A 10% discount was more or less enough. Luo Zheng nodded in agreement.
Soon after, Luo Zheng, accompanied by the middle-aged shopkeeper, left the Qianji Pavilion and found a Tianlu Ticket Store in a corner of the market.
Luo Zheng entered the Tianlu Ticket Store and took out the golden token. The attitude of the people there changed greatly. The people of the Tianlu Ticket Store knew best that those who held this kind of golden token were either rich or respectable. Naturally, they had to serve them well.
Soon after, the people of the Tianlu Ticket Store immediately wrote out a bill for twenty thousand square crystal stones and handed it to Luo Zheng. Luo Zheng then handed it over to the middle-aged shopkeeper.
This business was considered a success.
The middle-aged man suppressed his excitement. Although he had worked hard in the Qianji Pavilion for so many years and muddled his way to the position of shopkeeper, selling this large amount of high-grade profound armaments would also allow him to earn a considerable amount of income.
Returning to the Qianji Pavilion, Luo Zheng used the Sumeru Ring to collect the pile of profound armaments in front of him.
The Sumeru Ring's space was not large. It could only store more than two hundred high-grade profound armaments. Almost all of the space inside was used up.
Soon after, Luo Zheng left.
After Luo Zheng left, an old man with a goatee walked down from the second floor and said to the middle-aged shopkeeper, "What do you think this Blue Cloud Sect's outer sect disciple bought so many profound armaments for?"
The middle-aged shopkeeper was also puzzled. He could only guess, "Could it be that this youth bought so many high-grade profound armaments to distribute in the Blue Cloud Sect?"
The old man with the goatee shook his head, clearly not satisfied with this answer.
They might never be able to figure out the truth of this matter in their lifetime.
When they returned to the Blue Cloud Sect and climbed into the Xiao Yufeng, it was already late at night.
Entering his own house, Luo Zheng still had a trace of excitement in his eyes.
If one high-grade mystic weapon could produce five drops of Heaven Amplification Essence, there would be a total of 1,100 drops of Heaven Amplification Essence.
If Qinglong absorbed so much Heaven Amplification Essence, it would be enough to light up more than two hundred dragon scales!
Currently, Luo Zheng had only lit up seven dragon scales, which made his strength far surpass his peers. If he could light up more than two hundred dragon scales in one go, his strength would increase to an unimaginable level.
But that was what Luo Zheng thought.
Naturally, he would not pour all of the Heaven's Divination essence into the mouth of Qinglong's sculpture.
Luo Zheng's heart warmed at the thought of the price of the Sky Derivation Essence.
If 50 drops of Heaven's Divination Essence could be auctioned off for 120,000 cubes of crystals, wouldn't 500 drops of Heaven's Divination Essence be auctioned off for 1,200,000 cubes of crystals?
Of course, Luo Zheng also understood that the rarer something was, the more valuable it was.
If he auctioned off so much Heaven's Divination Essence in one go, there would be too much of it on the market and it would not be worth the price. Therefore, he had to sell it off in batches.
Before that, Luo Zheng still had to smelt the high-grade mystic weapons in his Sumeru Ring one by one.
Without further ado, Luo Zheng took out a high-grade mystic weapon from his Sumeru Ring. It was a pair of green short swords.
Luo Zheng placed the pair of green short swords in front of him and then communicated with the giant furnace in his mind. The wisp of black fire that he hadn't seen in a long time flashed out of his mind like a cheerful little bird and pounced toward the pair of green short swords.
"Buzz buzz …"
In the blink of an eye, the pair of green short swords disappeared in front of Luo Zheng and turned into seven drops of Heaven's Divination Essence, floating in front of Luo Zheng.
Just as the black flame was about to absorb the Heaven's Divination Essence into his mind, a bottle appeared in Luo Zheng's hand and he poured the Heaven's Divination Essence into the bottle before the black flame could.
The black flame seemed to have human intelligence and circled Luo Zheng a few times as if it was protesting Luo Zheng's actions.
Seeing this, Luo Zheng tapped his Sumeru Ring lightly with his finger and took out another golden axe.
The black flame swept toward the golden axe as usual.
Among Luo Zheng's more than 200 high-grade mystic weapons, this golden axe was one of the best weapons in terms of appearance. Luo Zheng had thought that it would be able to produce more Heaven's Divination Essence in the past.
After all, the pair of short swords had produced seven drops of Heaven's Divination Essence. This golden axe would not be any worse than that pair of short swords.
What surprised Luo Zheng was that this golden axe only produced three drops of Heaven's Divination Essence in the end.
Luo Zheng could not figure out how much Heaven's Divination Essence was contained in a high-grade mystic weapon.
Fortunately, the quality of these high-grade mystic weapons was not uniform, but there were also good and bad ones.
The highest-grade mystic weapon produced nine drops of Heaven's Divination Essence, while the lowest-grade mystic weapon produced only two drops.
Overall, one high-grade mystic weapon could produce five drops of Heaven's Divination Essence on average. This was within Luo Zheng's estimation.
It took him an entire night to do so.
Luo Zheng used the powerful black flame to melt more than 100 high-grade mystic weapons and obtained more than 500 drops of Heaven's Divination Essence.
After working from late night to early morning, the originally cheerful black flame seemed to have run out of energy. Its flying speed was far less powerful than before, and it floated dispiritedly in front of Luo Zheng.
It seemed that the black flame could also get tired.
Seeing this, Luo Zheng could not bear to watch and stopped the smelting.
At the same time, Luo Zheng took out 200 drops of Heaven's Divination Essence from the bottle and threw them to the black flame.
The black flame was like a puppy that had smelled a bone. Its originally dispirited appearance was swept away and it sucked in the 200 drops of Heaven's Divination Essence that Luo Zheng had separated out. Then, it returned to Luo Zheng's mind.
After a breath, 200 drops of Heaven's Divination Essence were poured into the mouth of Qinglong's sculpture in the giant smelting furnace.
Then, a dragon scale lit up and emitted a clear, bright green light.
Following that, more and more dragon scales lit up one after another.
After a while, 40 dragon scales lit up on Qinglong's sculpture!
Including the dragon scales that Luo Zheng had lit up earlier, a total of 47 dragon scales lit up on Qinglong's sculpture.
Those dragon scales were placed side by side. Observing them in his mind, they formed a small piece, which was very spectacular!
Observing that piece of green light, Luo Zheng was slightly excited. If he borrowed the power of 47 dragon scales at once and added it to Luo Zheng's own strength, what level could he reach?
Now, even if Luo Zheng was completely bound by Liu Cunshi's Binding Sky Ring, he might be able to break free!
If he punched those Xiantian lifeforms who had just entered the Xiantian realm, he might be able to smash them into pieces.
After smelting hundreds of Upper Grade Xuan Weapons in one night, Luo Zheng temporarily stopped. After all, the black flame was a little weak, so he let it rest for a few days.
During these few days, Luo Zheng occasionally went out, but most of the time, he stayed in his room to cultivate.
A few days later, all the Upper Grade Xuan Weapons bought from the Qianji Pavilion were completely smelted by Luo Zheng. He put half of the Sky Spill Essence into the mouth of Qinglong's sculpture in his mind, lighting up hundreds of dragon scales in total.
In Luo Zheng's hands, there were still more than 600 drops of the solution left. Luo Zheng planned to sell these drops of solution.
But at this time, Luo Zheng still had some misgivings.
He thought of the 50 drops of Sky Spill Solution at the auction, which had caused such a big commotion.
If he put out 600 drops of Sky Spill Solution in one go, would it cause trouble?
As the saying goes, a man's wealth is his own ruin. Before he had absolute strength, Luo Zheng had so much Sky Spill Solution on him. Once people found out, it would bring about a disaster.
Although Luo Zheng believed that Zhang Wuxian was trustworthy, and he could even directly give the solution to Zhang Wuxian, Zhang Wuxian was not the only person in charge of the Zhang Family. If others coveted more and traced the source to him, it could be imagined that there would be trouble.
Therefore, the auction of the Sky Spill Solution still needed to be planned at length.
During these few days, Xiao Yufeng's days were peaceful. The disciples on Xiao Yufeng were also diligently cultivating and comprehending.
Luo Zheng was no exception.
The Sacred Level Martial Art 《Heavenly Demon God Fist》 was very powerful, but it was also very difficult to practice.
At sunrise, with the first ray of sunlight rising from the east, Luo Zheng operated the Heart Sutra and punched the sky.
After exhausting all the Heavenly Devil Qi in his body, Luo Zheng sat in meditation and operated the Heart Sutra of the Red Sandalwood Fist. He cultivated the Red Sandalwood Qi, and then used the Heavenly Devil Qi's characteristics to devour the Red Sandalwood Qi to quickly replenish his Heavenly Devil Qi.
Although the "Heavenly Fiend Fist" was extremely difficult to cultivate, Luo Zheng gradually became proficient in it after repeated attempts and repeated cultivation.
Not only did he master the first move, Demon Shakes the World, to the point where he could do it with ease, but he also mastered the second move of the Heavenly Devil Fist: Ten Thousand Demons Surge.
Although the second move of the Heavenly Devil Fist, Ten Thousand Demons Surge, was not as powerful as Demon Shakes the World, it could attack many targets at once. It was very effective when facing a large number of enemies.
On this day, while Luo Zheng was still practicing in a secluded corner of Xiao Yufeng, the sound of a bell suddenly came from the mountainside of Xiao Yufeng.
"The bell is ringing to summon all the Outer Sect disciples. I wonder what's going on?" Standing on the cliff, Luo Zheng looked at the mountainside. Many disciples filed out and gathered in the square on the mountain peak. Luo Zheng also stopped practicing, jumped down from the cliff, and ran to the square.
On the square, almost all the outer disciples had gathered here.
In the center of the square, Su Lingyun stood in a light blue dress, and beside Su Lingyun, there was a huge monster.
However, at this moment, the huge monster was covered by a yellow curtain full of Talismans. The outer disciples could not see what was inside.
＝＝＝＝＝

Chapter 92
All the outer sect disciples had curious looks on their faces.
What did Instructor Su want to do by ringing the bell and gathering all the outer sect disciples here?
After about a quarter of an hour, all the outer sect disciples who were still on the Xiao Yufeng who could come had arrived.
Su Lingyun's gaze swept through the crowd and soon found Luo Zheng standing at the back of the crowd. Then she slowly said, "I gathered everyone here today to announce a mission."
"What mission?"
"Looks like it's a very important mission. Otherwise, she wouldn't have specially gathered us."
"Isn't a mission usually obtained by resources? Why does it have to be like this? "
Many outer sect disciples were also puzzled and discussed animatedly.
Su Lingyun didn't speak either. After everyone finished discussing, she slowly said, "This mission is to slay demons!"
"Demons?"
"Slay demons! It can't be! "
"She actually wants the outer sect disciples to slay demons. Isn't that sending them to their deaths?"
When it came to slaying demons, it had to be said to exterminate demons.
Many martial artists in the Burning Sky Dynasty often heard a phrase when they first stepped into the martial path, and that was "slay demons and exterminate demons."
But who would have thought that hundreds of years later, demons still needed to be slain, but demons didn't need to be exterminated.
The human race, the demon race, and the demon race were the three major races that existed side by side on the continent.
There were many frictions between these three major races, to the extent of endless wars and massacres …
In the thousands of years of fighting, the human race and the demon race gradually declined, while the demon race grew stronger and stronger, faintly wanting to annex the human race and the demon race.
The human race and the demon race naturally wouldn't sit still and wait for death. As the saying goes, the enemy of an enemy is a friend. In desperation, the human race and the demon race chose to form an alliance.
This was also why the demon race would marry their Princess Qi to the Burning Sky Dynasty in the form of intermarriage.
This was also why Yun Mengjun of the Burning Sky Palace would also marry the demon race in the form of intermarriage.
At this point, the demon race became the common enemy of the human race and the demon race.
"This demon slaying mission isn't for you to go to the Asura Battlefield. It's just for you to go to the Canopy Forest to undergo trials! Demon Slaying Trial! Each of the thirty-three peaks of Qingyun Peak will send five inner disciples and five outer disciples! " Su Lingyun paused for a moment before continuing, "Demon-Slaying is a compulsory training for our Blue Cloud Sect's disciples. If you can pass this trial and survive, it will be a form of training for all of you. At the same time, the top three people who slay the most demon-slaying will obtain a mid-grade spiritual weapon!"
"Middle-grade spirit weapon!"
Upon hearing these words, many outer sect disciples' eyes lit up with a fiery light.
Not to mention a mid-grade spiritual weapon, even a high-grade profound weapon would be considered a generous reward for an outer court disciple. Furthermore, the reward this time was actually a mid-grade spiritual weapon.
One had to know that the value of a Middle-grade Spiritual Weapon was extremely shocking. To the disciples of the Blue Cloud Sect, most of them would struggle their entire lives to obtain a Low-grade Spiritual Weapon. However, the reward this time was actually a Middle-grade Spiritual Weapon, which was one level higher than a Low-grade Spiritual Weapon.
Right now, the one who was the most calm and collected was instead Luo Zheng.
If Luo Zheng didn't meet Luo Yan right now, he might be just like everyone else, showing great interest in this reward.
However, that fleeting glimpse in Purgatory Mountain and his confrontation with Wang Yanmiao made Luo Zheng understand that there was still a long and far road ahead of him.
That was why Luo Zheng's current state of mind was extremely calm.
This wasn't to say that Luo Zheng wasn't interested in this mission. If he could refine his willpower through this mission, increase his strength, then Luo Zheng obviously wouldn't refuse!
Su Lingyun then said, "I believe that most of the outer sect disciples here have never seen a demonic before."
"The reason they can be called demonic isn't only because they are of a different race! Instead, it is because these demonic creatures innately possess demonic energy. "As she spoke, Su Lingyun waved her hand, lifting up a piece of the yellow curtain next to her.
Only a corner of that yellow curtain was lifted. Before everyone had time to clearly see what was inside, they immediately felt a wave of powerful demonic energy assault them.
This demonic energy seemed to be the natural bane of humans!
Even though there were many outer sect disciples here, when faced with this wave of demonic energy, most of their faces immediately became deathly pale, quite a few of them revealing expressions of fear.
"This is demonic energy?"
"So terrifying, as if even my soul is being controlled by the demonic energy, I'm so scared …"
"I clearly know that the demonic creature under the yellow curtain isn't a threat, so why do I still feel fear?"
When faced with the wave of demonic energy that assaulted his face, Luo Zheng's eyes narrowed slightly.
Just now, this wave of demonic energy, even though it was extremely weak, Luo Zheng's heartbeat still sped up.
If Luo Zheng didn't have such strong confidence in his own strength, he would most likely be very scared at this moment!
"Among the outer sect disciples, I will be recruiting five people as candidates for this Demon-Slaying Trial. These five people will be selected in the following tests." Su Lingyun said, "I believe everyone has already guessed that the creature under the yellow curtain next to me is a demonic creature. This is an ordinary adult demonic creature."
"Although the demonic race is powerful, many human cultivators will lose to demonic creatures that are much weaker than them. The reason for this is related to the demonic energy just now!" Su Lingyun continued to explain.
Emitting demonic energy was almost an instinct of the demonic race.
And this demonic energy had a great impact on the human state of mind. Therefore, when a human expert fought with a far weaker demonic creature, it was usually the demonic creature that tore the human into pieces.
The reason for this was that demonic energy could disturb the mind and instill fear in humans, causing them to lose without a fight.
"Therefore, the first step to killing a demonic creature is to be able to overcome the pressure from the demonic energy!" After Su Lingyun finished speaking, a sword appeared in her hand.
Su Lingyun held the long sword in her hand and walked around the demonic creature covered by the yellow curtain. At the same time, she drew a circle on the ground with the long sword.
After drawing the innermost circle, Su Lingyun walked another two feet outside and drew another circle.
In a short while, Su Lingyun had drawn a total of ten circles. Each circle was bigger than the previous one, and each circle was connected to the previous one.
"From now on, in the next three days, the person who is closest to this demonic creature will be qualified for this Demon-Slaying Trial!" After speaking, Su Lingyun stretched out her hand and directly lifted the yellow curtain.
At this moment, everyone finally saw the demonic creature's true appearance.
At the same time, a strong demonic energy was emitted from the demonic creature's body. The outer sect disciples, who were originally in a circle, immediately retreated backward. The crowd kept retreating until they were about seventy to eighty feet away before they could stop.
That demonic creature had a human form, but its body was horrifyingly bloated. Its entire body was brownish-yellow in color and its two ugly eyes kept scanning its head. Occasionally, its gaze would lock onto those outer sect disciples.
"It's looking at me, it's looking at me!" An outer sect disciple screamed and actually sat on the ground. His legs kept kicking as he moved backward, leaving a long trail of water under that person's buttocks. That outer sect disciple was so frightened that he actually wet himself.
The others were in a slightly better situation than that outer sect disciple, but anyone who was stared at by that demonic creature could not help but retreat and run away.
Su Lingyun looked coldly at those disciples who kept shouting, then shook her head and said, "This demonic creature no longer has the ability to fight. Those who want to participate in the Demon-Slaying Trial can try to get close to it now!"
Just as Su Lingyun finished speaking, an outer sect disciple had already jumped out and cupped his hands towards Su Lingyun, saying, "Teacher Su, I want to try!"

Chapter 93
There was no doubt about Chou Gang's strength. ·
It had been a few years since he entered the half-step Connate realm. He only needed to cross that bottleneck and convert his True Qi into True Essence to become a Connate lifeform.
However, he had been stuck at the half-step Connate realm for many years. No matter how hard he cultivated on the Xiao Yufeng, he could not break through that bottleneck.
Martial artists all understood one principle when it came to cultivation.
Only by constantly experiencing blood and fire would one be able to achieve the most effective breakthrough.
If one continued to cultivate on the Xiao Yufeng, it would take ten years or even longer to break through this bottleneck.
Therefore, Chou Gang wanted to seize this opportunity to cross the bottleneck and enter the Connate realm openly.
Even Chou Gang was afraid of that Variant Demon.
The demon's aura had invaded his body and caused the most primitive fear to rise from the bottom of his heart.
It was as if there was a voice constantly telling him to run.
However, he mustered up his courage and approached the demon under everyone's watchful eyes.
Soon, Chou Gang crossed the first circle that Su Lingyun had drawn.
As he approached, the two ugly eyes on the head of the demonic beast looked at him.
Although this demon was very weak and did not have the ability to hurt people, its innate demon aura had not weakened at all.
"Guga." The demon's mouth, full of fangs, opened and closed as if it was mocking Chou Gang.
The blood drained from Chou Gang's face, revealing the color of a sheet of paper. His body instinctively wanted to run.
However, he was, after all, the fourth ranked expert of the Outer Sect. At this moment, he took two deep breaths of air and gathered all the courage in his body. He stiffly twisted his legs and moved forward with a strange pace.
The second circle …
The third circle …
When Chou Gang reached the fourth circle, the demon suddenly opened its bloody mouth and howled at Chou Gang.
"Guga —"
In the face of the Demon Clan's howls, the courage that Chou Gang had accumulated with great difficulty dissipated completely at this time.
Chou Gang turned his head abruptly, but due to the uncoordinated movement of his feet, he was unable to escape. Instead, he tripped over himself and fell to the ground. After that, he used both his hands and feet to crawl out of the third circle in a sorry state.
Seeing Chou Gang's performance, everyone fell silent.
Everyone was in the Imperial Capital, far away from the Asura Battlefield. They were also separated by the White Emperor City, which was guarded by a million Emperor soldiers. Their understanding of the Demon Race was very vague.
He only knew that the Demon Race was abnormally strong. Furthermore, the Demon Qi that they emitted was extremely terrifying.
They thought that this fear could be overcome.
But now, after seeing the Demonic Beasts with their own eyes, they finally understood that overcoming this fear was not an easy task.
Chou Gang's strength was obvious to all in Xiao Yufeng's outer sect. The strength that he usually displayed was also obvious to all.
But if an existence like Chou Gang was so fearful in front of the Yao, then what about the others?
Anyone who could become a martial artist would have a tenacity that refused to admit defeat.
Although Chou Gang's failure made some people think of retreating, there were still some people who didn't believe in heresy and stepped into the circle.
This time, the one who tried to approach the demonic beast was an outer disciple in the Marrow Refining Stage.
This outer sect disciple was not well-known, and his strength was not ranked high on Xiao Yufeng's list.
But in a situation where no one was optimistic, this outer sect disciple who was only in the Marrow Refining Stage actually stepped into the sixth circle in a row.
Every time he stepped into a circle, he got closer to the Demon Race.
The sixth circle was only a few feet away from the Demon Race.
But after the sixth circle, the outer sect disciple stopped in his tracks. Suddenly, his legs began to tremble violently.
Even so, this outer sect disciple whose strength was far inferior to Chou Gang's, performed very well. He controlled his fear very well, turned his head, and retreated at the same speed. He was not as pathetic as Chou Gang.
Seeing this scene, the outer sect disciples on Xiao Yufeng understood a principle.
Courage had never been linked to strength. It was like a mantis blocking a car. Although it was overestimating its own strength, who could deny the mantis's courage?
Every time someone tried to approach the Demon Race, Su Lingyun would record the number of circles they had taken. Finally, she would choose the five people who had taken the most circles to participate in the Demon Slaying Trial.
The fact that the outer sect disciple in the Marrow Refining Stage could actually step into the sixth circle made many people regain their confidence. After all, many people felt that their strength was far greater than that of the outer sect disciple in the Marrow Refining Stage.
One after another, hundreds of outer sect disciples tried. Among them, the one who performed the worst was the one who had broken down mentally when he stepped into the first circle. The one who performed the best was Hao Shige.
As the number one outer sect disciple, Hao Shige set a good example at this time.
Facing the Demon Race, he held the three-foot-long Qingfeng Sword in his hand and walked slowly. In one breath, he stepped into seven circles. It was only on the eighth circle that his movements slowed down.
After being roared at by the Demon Race, Hao Shige turned his head with an ashen face and quickly turned back.
Although everyone knew that Hao Shige couldn't withstand the Demon Race's enormous Demon Qi, he had still stepped into the eighth circle. Moreover, even when he turned back, his face didn't look too good. At least, his walking posture didn't change at all.
No matter how one looked at it, it was enough to prove Hao Shige's courage.
After Hao Shige jumped out of Su Lingyun's circles, he raised his hands and circulated his Qi. Then, his face returned to normal and he wore a relaxed smile.
However, his eyes faintly swept over Luo Zheng's face.
Many of the outer disciples noticed this detail.
Not long ago, during the mountain peak challenge, Hao Shige, as the number one outer sect disciple, should have participated. However, he was in seclusion at the time and missed the opportunity to meet the people of Vulture Peak.
Ever since Hao Shige came out of seclusion, he heard the entire Xiao Yufeng outer sect discussing one person.
That person was Luo Zheng.
Hao Shige had long heard of Luo Zheng.
Today, Luo Zheng had just become an outer sect disciple of Xiao Yufeng, and he had already challenged Xu Lie, the number 30 disciple of Xiao Yufeng. His performance was exceptionally dazzling.
However, at that time, Hao Shige didn't pay much attention to this matter. As the number one disciple of Xiao Yufeng, he knew very well that there were too many outstanding people in this world. He, Hao Shige, also appeared out of nowhere and challenged several people in a row before finally becoming an outer sect disciple.
However, during the mountain peak challenge, Luo Zheng defeated several people of Vulture Peak by himself and even defeated the number one disciple of Vulture Peak, Liu Cunshi.
This was something that Hao Shige never expected.
After seclusion, Hao Shige finally broke through the bottleneck of the half-step Xiantian realm and stepped into the Xiantian realm.
Next year, he would be promoted to Xiao Yufeng's inner sect.
However, after coming out of seclusion, everyone believed that Luo Zheng was Xiao Yufeng's number one outer sect disciple. Even though Hao Shige had stepped into the Xiantian realm, he was still no match for Luo Zheng.
This kind of rumor was very grating to Hao Shige's ears.
Therefore, he wanted to find an opportunity to let Luo Zheng know who was the real outer sect disciple.
Many outer sect disciples noticed Hao Shige's provocative gaze. As the person involved, Luo Zheng naturally knew.
Luo Zheng also knew what Hao Shige was thinking. He had no interest in the title of number one outer sect disciple, so he naturally didn't feel anything about Hao Shige's provocation.
However, he had to participate in the demon slaying mission.
As a martial artist, the pressure on Luo Zheng's shoulders was much greater than many people's.
Everyone wanted to increase their strength in the shortest time possible, but in comparison, Luo Zheng was even more urgent than them!
He had promised Luo Yan that he would definitely bring her out of Purgatory Mountain. If he wanted to save Luo Yan, he would definitely face many obstacles. Only with absolute strength would he have the qualifications to do so. Otherwise, all promises were empty words!
"Is there anyone else who wants to try?" Su Lingyun's pleasant voice drifted through the square.
Those outer sect disciples who dared to try were all brave people. Most people didn't dare to try. On one hand, it was a matter of fear. On the other hand, it was because they didn't think they were strong enough and didn't have the confidence.
Su Lingyun was slightly disappointed. In the end, her gaze fell on Luo Zheng.
Su Lingyun knew very well that Luo Zheng definitely wouldn't let go of this opportunity to sharpen himself. Previously, he had shown great enthusiasm for the mission issued by the Blue Cloud Sect.
However, she didn't know what this kid was doing. He still wasn't willing to come out? A hint of doubt appeared in Su Lingyun's eyes. That was why her question was actually a reminder to Luo Zheng: It's time for you to go up.
Luo Zheng smiled. He walked out from the crowd and slowly arrived at the center of the square.
Xiao Yufeng's outer sect disciples' gazes all landed on Luo Zheng's body.
After Luo Zheng turned the tide in Vulture Peak's challenge, he already became a legendary figure in the hearts of the outer sect disciples.
That was why everyone was looking forward to Luo Zheng's performance.
"Brother Luo Zheng, you can do it!" Mo Can who was standing in the crowd suddenly shouted.
"You can do it!" Zhou Xian also shouted.
Luo Zheng nodded towards them. He gave the fiend race not far away a look, and then he slowly walked over.
Strictly speaking, the fiend aura emitted by the fiend race could actually be classified as a kind of "intent". However, the intent of the fiend race was different from other "intents".
Most "intents" could be used as a means of attacking people. However, the fiend aura emitted by the fiend race could invade people's souls, constantly hinting at how terrifying they were.
If a fiend race and a fiend race were both equally powerful and equally terrifying, the fiend race could borrow their fiend aura to amplify their terror by ten times, or even a hundred times! This was the innate ability of the fiend race.
Luo Zheng's soul was very powerful. Ordinary "intents" couldn't harm his soul at all.
However, this fiend race wasn't trying to harm Luo Zheng. The message conveyed by the fiend aura was constantly hinting to Luo Zheng that it was an extremely terrifying race!
When Luo Zheng stepped into the first circle, the fiend aura hit him in the face. Luo Zheng's heart almost reflexively raised a sense of fear.
This degree of fear wasn't high. Luo Zheng smiled slightly. After relaxing his entire body, he stepped forward without looking back and stepped into the second circle.

Chapter 94
"Luo Zheng is actually smiling! That guy can actually smile in the face of such a terrifying demon! "
"It's only the first and second laps. What's the big deal?"
"Why don't you try? Look at those people in front of you. Who can smile? Even Hao Shige can't smile! "
Hao Shige's face turned ugly when he heard their words.
He could force a smile in the face of a demon, but he also understood that his smile was probably uglier than crying. This Luo Zheng really loved to show off. He had to find a chance to teach him a lesson for being so ostentatious! Hao Shige was faintly displeased.
These discussions reached Luo Zheng's ears and made Luo Zheng feel somewhat helpless. Therefore, after entering the second laps, Luo Zheng simply stopped smiling.
After entering the second laps, Luo Zheng felt that the demon aura was thirty percent denser, but it was still acceptable.
Moving forward, Luo Zheng quickly passed the third, fourth, and fifth laps.
At this moment, the demon's huge body suddenly shook. It raised its ugly head and roared at Luo Zheng.
If it were an ordinary demon beast, Luo Zheng wouldn't be afraid at all if it roared at Luo Zheng like that.
However, this demon's demon aura magnified its terror by a hundred times.
Luo Zheng suddenly felt as if his heart was being seized by fear!
"Thump, thump!"
At this moment, Luo Zheng was surrounded by demon aura, as if he was the only person left in the world.
This fear seemed to be innate, and Luo Zheng couldn't avoid it at all.
Not only was his heart beating rapidly, but even his body couldn't help but tremble.
Human instincts were to seek good fortune and avoid evil. In the face of danger and threat, they would almost instinctively avoid it.
Luo Zheng was a human. Naturally, he also had such instincts.
He could also feel fear, shrink back, and be troubled by negative emotions.
"The demon aura emitted by this demon is indeed strange! But if this little threat can scare me, Luo Zheng, it's looking down on me too much! " In Luo Zheng's eyes, a bright light suddenly burst out. His eyes were filled with resolute and unyielding courage.
Driven by this courage, Luo Zheng kept his feet on the ground and continued to move forward.
"Roar!"
Just like humans, the Demon Clan was highly intelligent. It knew very well that once it was captured, there was no way it could survive. Even so, it still wanted to torture these weak humans mentally.
When facing other humans, its demonic aura was very effective, successfully scaring them into pissing their pants.
However, the young man in front of it didn't seem to be affected by its demonic aura at all. That was why it was so enraged that it roared with all its might.
The surging Demon Aura surged toward Luo Zheng like a tide, wrapping him up tightly.
These demonic auras were like invisible chains that constantly tore at Luo Zheng, consumed Luo Zheng's courage, and prevented Luo Zheng from moving forward.
When Luo Zheng entered the seventh lap, it finally seemed to be difficult. He stopped and closed his eyes.
"Luo Zheng stopped, seventh lap! This result is not bad! "
"What is he thinking with his eyes closed? If he can enter the eighth lap, he will tie with Hao Shige's result. "
"Alas, I don't think he can do it. Look at him standing there in a daze. Is he scared silly?"
The Outer Sect disciples began to discuss again.
The Outer Sect disciples who entered the seventh lap either moved forward quickly or were immediately scared to the point of pissing their pants. However, Luo Zheng was very unique. He was actually standing on the seventh lap with his eyes closed and thinking about life?
How could Luo Zheng have the time to think about life?
Deep down, Luo Zheng kept telling himself that the person in front of him was just a piece of trash who was bound up and posed no threat to him. The fear in his heart was just an illusion. It was all just a bubble!
At the same time, there was another voice in his heart that was also telling Luo Zheng to stop moving forward! That demonic beast was an existence that he could not defeat. As long as he took another step forward, it would tear him to pieces, and he would fall into the abyss where he would never be able to reincarnate.
Luo Zheng's will and instinct were constantly fighting inside his body!
Seeing this, the demonic beast howled even harder!
Its whole body was constantly struggling, as if it could break free at any time and pounce on Luo Zheng, swallowing him in one gulp.
The surrounding Outer Sect disciples had already retreated a considerable distance, but under the demonic beast's desperation to release its demonic aura and howl unceasingly, they retreated a few more steps.
Only Luo Zheng was like an old monk in meditation, not moving at all.
"When facing a demonic beast, you must have an absolutely calm heart," Su Lingyun, who was standing not far away, said indifferently, "This demonic beast's strength is only equivalent to a Xiantian lifeform's strength. Think about it, would a Xiantian lifeform make you so afraid?"
Xiantian lifeform? Luo Zheng thought to himself. Even Zhuge Feng, who was at Xiantian Realm Stage Eight or Xiantian Realm Stage Nine, did not scare him!
Logically speaking, this demonic beast in front of him shouldn't be a cause for fear!
That was because its demonic aura had almost seeped into Luo Zheng's body, controlling Luo Zheng's instincts, and directly fighting against Luo Zheng's will.
Therefore, Luo Zheng had to use a strong willpower to suppress his instincts.
Defeating oneself was far more difficult than defeating others!
But at this moment, Luo Zheng suddenly had a brainwave. That's right, I can use that move!
"Selfless State!"
Luo Zheng forced his soul to enter the Selfless State.
He pulled his consciousness out of his body, and in a state where he had completely forgotten himself, he looked down at himself!
Even though his body was incomparably fearful, Luo Zheng was able to control his body very calmly, and he was completely unaffected by the demonic aura.
All of a sudden, the negative emotions that made him fearful and fearful disappeared without a trace!
When Luo Zheng opened his eyes, there was no more courage or fear in his eyes. His clear eyes were devoid of any positive or negative emotions.
Luo Zheng stepped into the range of the eighth lap.
After two or three steps, he entered the ninth lap.
Luo Zheng has surpassed Hao Shige and stepped into the ninth lap! "
"He's so close to the demonic beast. Is he really not afraid?"
"If it were me, I'm afraid my heart would have been scared out of my wits …"
At this moment, the demonic beast was only six or seven steps away from Luo Zheng.
The demonic beast was even more furious now. Its ugly eyes were completely red, and the sharp teeth in its mouth were constantly gnashing. As long as Luo Zheng dared to approach, it would eat him in one bite!
However, Luo Zheng had already stepped into the tenth lap. He arrived in front of the demonic beast and sized it up with a calm gaze.
Facing the furious demonic beast, Luo Zheng, who had already entered a state of selflessness, was completely calm. It was as if he was not facing a demonic beast, but a kitten or a puppy.
"Alright, Luo Zheng, you've already entered the tenth lap. You've already passed. Don't go any closer, or you'll be in danger," Su Lingyun reminded him.
Although the demonic beast was bound, it would still attack him if he got too close.
Luo Zheng turned a deaf ear to Su Lingyun's words, and continued to approach the demonic beast.
The demonic beast also did not realize that this human would take the initiative to throw his life away.
According to the classification of human ranks, this human was only half a step into the Xiantian Realm, right? God knows how many of these weak humans this demon had already devoured.
Since you want to throw your life away, then I'll swallow you in one bite!
"Brother Luo Zheng, come back! You've already stepped into the innermost circle. There's no need to go any closer! "Seeing this scene, Mo Can's face was covered in sweat, and he shouted from behind.
"Is this Luo Zheng scared out of his wits? Does he want to throw his life away? "someone else said.
Luo Zheng turned a deaf ear to the others' voices, and continued to approach the demonic beast.
When he was only a foot away from the demonic beast, the demonic beast suddenly tilted its neck, opened its mouth full of sharp teeth, and bit at Luo Zheng's head.
At this moment, many people could not help but cry out in alarm.
Luo Zheng's blood was about to splatter everywhere!
However, at this moment, Luo Zheng's fist also blasted out.
The dragon scale on his body suddenly lit up.
Seven dragon scales had already erupted with a powerful force, making Luo Zheng's strength far surpass his peers.
How terrifying would the power of more than a hundred dragon scales be?
"Pfft!"
Before the demonic beast could bite him, his fist had already smashed into the demonic beast's head.
Luo Zheng did not even circulate his True Essence for this punch.
He used pure strength to hit the demonic beast's head.
This force was like the most destructive tsunami in the sea.
The tsunami-like punch covered and drowned the demonic beast in the blink of an eye.
"Pop!"
When the force entered the demonic beast's body, it turned into a bloody mist in the blink of an eye.
Apart from its skeleton, which was shattered inch by inch, all the flesh and blood on its body were blown up by Luo Zheng and turned into fine powder.
Seeing such a terrifying scene, all the outer sect disciples were speechless.
In fact, many of the outer sect disciples had the strength to kill this demonic beast. Since the demonic beast was already bound and sealed, it was not difficult to kill it as long as they kept their distance.
The difficult part was how to overcome their own fear!
Although some of the people before had performed very dazzlingly and dared to enter the seventh and eighth circles, in fact, they had not overcome the fear in their hearts.
It was just that their courage was stronger than ordinary people, and they had temporarily suppressed the fear in their hearts.
But Luo Zheng not only suppressed his own fear, but after entering the state of selflessness, he was not affected by the demonic Qi at all!
That was why he dared to face the demonic beast and blow it up with one punch!
＝＝＝＝＝

Chapter 95
The protagonists of this demon-slaying mission were naturally the inner sect disciples.
To the outer sect disciples, this mission could only be considered as an experience. It was unrealistic for them to face the demonic beast personally and kill it.
However, if they could overcome their fear of the demonic aura through this experience, it would be very beneficial for their future growth.
However, to everyone's surprise, Luo Zheng directly blew up this demonic beast the moment he came up!
Many outer sect disciples saw very clearly that Luo Zheng did not use True Qi in this punch! He only relied on pure strength.
The reason why humans were strong was not because of their strong physical strength, but because they used True Qi, True Essence, and various magical abilities to unleash unparalleled power.
However, Luo Zheng directly smashed this demonic beast, which was equivalent to the Xiantian Mystic Realm, into pieces with pure strength. Such terrifying strength was beyond everyone's imagination.
If Luo Zheng used True Qi, how strong would his strength be?
This question arose in the minds of many outer sect disciples at the same time.
Su Lingyun's eyes also revealed a hint of surprise. In this short period of time, Luo Zheng's strength had obviously improved by a large margin, and his strength was completely different from before.
In fact, this was indeed the case.
After Luo Zheng lit up over a hundred dragon scales, just by relying on the power of the dragon scales, his strength had increased by more than ten times!
If he purely relied on strength, an expert like He Tiancheng would end up like this demonic beast if he was hit by his punch.
Seeing Luo Zheng's rapid growth, Su Lingyun also revealed a hint of joy in her heart. Luo Zheng's growth completely proved that her vision was unique. Back then, in order to recruit Luo Zheng into the Xiao Yufeng Academy, she had clashed with the mentors from the other mountain peaks. This was worth it.
She wondered how the mentors from the other mountain peaks would react if Luo Zheng really rose in the future. Would they regret it so much that their intestines turned green?
Su Lingyun was secretly happy, but there was no trace of a smile on her face. Instead, she stared at Luo Zheng and asked, "I only let you try to get close to it. Why did you kill it?"
Hearing Instructor Su's question, a smile appeared on Luo Zheng's face. "Instructor Su, I accidentally got too close to you. You didn't use any protective measures and this guy wanted to bite me. Naturally, I had to fight back and accidentally ended up like this …"
"Oh? So you're blaming me? "Mentor Su's eyebrows raised. This guy was simply too shameless.
Luo Zheng smiled and nodded, expressing his agreement with Mentor Su's words.
Su Lingyun snorted. She also understood Luo Zheng's character. He was a stubborn guy. After thinking for a while, she said to all the outer sect disciples, "If there's anyone else who wants to be qualified, you can come to me alone. I'll arrange for other members of the Demon Clan to take the test. In three days, I'll decide on the qualifications of the five outer sect disciples. Everyone, please hurry up."
After speaking, Su Lingyun turned her head and glared fiercely at Luo Zheng. Then, she stepped onto a Flying Chariot parked in the corner and flew away.
After Su Lingyun left, the outer sect disciples in the square gathered and surrounded the skeleton of the Demon Clan.
This Demon Clan's flesh and blood had been completely destroyed by Luo Zheng's enormous strength. Only a pile of bones was left. Naturally, it could no longer emit that kind of frightening Demon Qi.
Many people gathered around the skeleton, discussing and clicking their tongues in amazement.
"How strong does one have to be to be able to beat this Demon Clan into this state?!"
"You're the one who doesn't know. I've seen a Xiantian stage eight expert who used all his strength to turn a mountain into flying ash."
"You said it yourself. Can a Xiantian stage eight expert's strength be mentioned in the same breath as Luo Zheng? Luo Zheng is only a half-step Xiantian expert. You also saw that he didn't even use his True Essence. He only used his pure strength! My God … Is he still human? "
Hao Shige stood alone on the spot, his eyes still somewhat dazed.
He originally thought that he was very outstanding.
Facing a Demon Clan for the first time, he was able to walk into the eighth circle and maintain his composure. This result was indeed very outstanding. At least, he was the only one in Xiao Yufeng who could do this.
But Hao Shige never imagined that not only did Luo Zheng surpass him, but he also directly killed the Demon Clan!
Luo Zheng's incomparably powerful punch kept reverberating in his mind, constantly shaking his soul.
He wanted to maintain his usual nonchalant attitude!
No matter how powerful a genius was, as long as he was willing to work hard, he would definitely be able to surpass him!
What was a mere Luo Zheng?
But Luo Zheng's strength was too shocking, too stunning, too powerful. In Hao Shige's heart, there was a voice telling him that he would never be able to surpass Luo Zheng in this lifetime!
Suddenly, Hao Shige suddenly shouted, "Brute strength, the courage of an ignorant man! Humans have always relied on True Essence to establish themselves in this world! This kind of pure strength is useless on the battlefield. The opponent simply won't give you a chance to display your strength! "
One had to admit that what Hao Shige said was reasonable. No matter how strong one was, what was the use if they couldn't hit the opponent?
But Luo Zheng also cultivated True Qi. His true strength was far more than what he showed!
Many of the outer disciples had strange expressions on their faces when they heard Hao Shige's loud shout.
Hao Shige, as the number one outer court disciple, shouted like this, unavoidably showing his narrow-mindedness and loss of self-control.
After Hao Shige finished shouting, he saw the outer court disciples looking at him with strange expressions. Only then did he realize that he had lost control of his emotions. His face sank, and he turned around and left the square.
After Su Lingyun left, Luo Zheng also left the square with Mo Can, Zhou Xian, and the others. Naturally, they didn't see this scene.
Now it seemed that Luo Zheng would definitely participate in the Demon Slaying Competition. He had to make more preparations for this.
After returning to his room, Luo Zheng took out the 《Weapon Refining Ancestral Techniques》.
This 《Weapon Refining Ancestral Techniques》 cost more than 20,000 crystal stones to bid for it. For this reason, he had a head-on conflict with Zhuge Feng.
After all, this 《Weapon Refining Ancestral Techniques》 was Che Daozi's secret. If he could glimpse the techniques of a Weapon Refining Grandmaster through this 《Weapon Refining Ancestral Techniques》 and was lucky enough to be able to refine a Spirit Weapon or even an Immortal Weapon, then the 20,000 crystal stones he had invested this time could be repaid with interest.
Luo Zheng opened the first page of the 《Weapon Refining Ancestral Techniques》 and began to read.
Strictly speaking, this was not a serious Weapon Refining Technique.
Che Daozi himself had written very casually. The words on the cover were flamboyant and flamboyant, like flying birds startling snakes. They were all Che Daozi's mental cultivation methods and insights when he was refining.
Because of this, this 《Weapon Refining Ancestral Techniques》 was not as dry and boring as other Weapon Refining Techniques. On the contrary, Luo Zheng found it interesting after reading it in one breath.
"The so-called Weapon Refining Technique is actually the same as a martial artist's cultivation. All roads lead to the same goal. It's all about comprehending the Heaven's Evolution Law!" Reading up to this point, Luo Zheng also gained some insight.
For example, when Luo Zheng had obtained that mysterious Weapon Refining Technique, he had cultivated himself like a weapon. In fact, he had also obtained a trace of the Heaven's Evolution power through tempering. Because of this, Luo Zheng had been able to strengthen himself through the Heaven's Evolution essence.
"Weapons can naturally absorb a trace of the Heaven's Evolution power through continuous tempering. This is also why a weapon must be cleansed by True Fire and tempered a thousand times in order to take shape!"
Luo Zheng had gained a lot of insight after reading up to this part of the 《Weapon Refining Ancestral Techniques》. Previously, Luo Zheng had read through Xie Lang's Weapon Refining Secret Manuals. Many of the questions he had encountered in the process had been resolved in the 《Weapon Refining Ancestral Techniques》.
If Luo Zheng was given a Weapon Refining Furnace and a wisp of True Fire, he would be able to refine weapons.
However, Luo Zheng still had many doubts.
Was the 《Weapon Refining Ancestral Techniques》 worth more than 20,000 crystal stones?
There was no need to doubt Che Daozi's own insights. If the 《Weapon Refining Ancestral Techniques》 was just a secret manual that taught people how to refine weapons, then its value wouldn't even be worth one square of crystal stone. If that was the case, Luo Zheng would have made a huge loss by spending 20,000 square of crystal stones on it.
"Whoosh …"
Luo Zheng quickly flipped through the 《Weapon Refining Ancestral Techniques》, pondering over the problems within.
Zhuge Feng seemed to want this book very much, and Che Daozi's disciples were also determined to obtain it. There was definitely some big secret hidden within!
As Luo Zheng flipped through the pages, he finally sensed that something was wrong.
Logically speaking, all the pages in a book should be the same thickness.
However, as Luo Zheng flipped through the pages, he discovered that one of the pages was thicker.
"Eh? Could it be that two pages have been glued together?"
Luo Zheng carefully flipped open the page. Indeed, he discovered that there was a universe within this page.
Following the edges of the page, Luo Zheng carefully tore the edges apart, and finally pulled the two pages apart from the middle.
In between the two pages, Luo Zheng found a piece of white satin as thin as a cicada's wing.
"This is snow satin woven from the silk of ice silkworms."
Ice silkworms were a kind of strange insect in the Northern Territory. The silk they spat out was very cold. When these silk were woven into satin, this kind of material was called snow satin. It was very cool and comfortable to wear.
When Luo Zheng was young, he had worn several pieces of snow satin, so he had a very deep impression of it.
He reached out and pinched the piece of white satin between his fingers, and saw that there was a painting on it.
This painting was also very messy, but Luo Zheng could still recognize that it recorded a map.
"Nine Yin Mountain … Jade Dragon Valley … There is also an Eight Trigrams next to it. It says Qian Three, Kun Six, Kan Two, Li Nine …"
Luo Zheng frowned as he read it out in a soft voice.
From the looks of it, this should be a treasure map.
Che Daozi was a Weapon Refining Grandmaster, but he didn't pass down many treasures. Could it be that this was his treasure trove?

Chapter 96
Although Luo Zheng was not a scholar, he had read a lot of books over the years. He was familiar with the famous mountains and rivers of the Sky-Burning Empire.
However, Luo Zheng was unfamiliar with these two places. He had never heard of them before.
After thinking for a long time, Luo Zheng carefully put the snow satin into the "Weapon Refining Secret Arts", and then put it back into the Sumeru Ring.
There might be priceless treasures here, but he would have to look for them in the future.
At this stage, Luo Zheng still had to make preparations to kill the demons.
Although Luo Zheng had killed a demon with a punch today, that demon had been completely bound and sealed. It had no power to fight back.
It was just a test of Luo Zheng's courage.
But once he went down the mountain, he would face the real demons!
During this time, Luo Zheng still practiced diligently, constantly consolidating his strength and refining his Yuan Qi.
A few days later, Su Lingyun finally made a list of five outer disciples, and Luo Zheng was one of them.
In addition to Luo Zheng, there was also Hao Shige, who was an outer disciple, and Guo Ziyao, who was now ranked third in the outer disciples. There were also two and a half outer disciples, who were also half-step to Xiantian.
After choosing the list, Su Lingyun gave Luo Zheng and the others a few days to prepare.
A few days later, the five outer disciples and five inner disciples on Xiao Yufeng gathered on the Azure Sky Platform.
The Azure Sky Platform was also full of people today.
Half of them were inner disciples in black robes, and the other half were outer disciples in white robes.
To be able to pass the demon's test, it could not be said that these people were the strongest among the outer and inner disciples of each mountain, but it was certain that these disciples were the most courageous. At least they could control the fear in their hearts and overcome themselves.
In the center of the Azure Sky Platform, a mentor was standing there, loudly announcing the rules of this demon slaying and some things to pay attention to.
Regardless of whether it was the outer or inner disciples, they could not directly enter the Asura Battlefield to face those powerful demons. With their current strength, facing the truly powerful demons was not enough to fill the gaps between their teeth.
Behind the Asura Battlefield, there was a forest bordering the empire. This forest was called the Sky Forest.
The demon race would often send some demon scouts to infiltrate the empire to investigate the enemy. A total of 330 disciples from the 33 Green Cloud Peaks would infiltrate the Sky Forest to slay the demons.
After the mentor finished speaking, the giant flying chariot in the sky slowly descended.
"Alright, disciples, you may set off." After the mentor finished speaking, he stepped to the side.
Many Azure Cloud Sect disciples entered the giant Flying Chariot one after another.
Even the order of entry was very particular. Everyone was ranked according to Qingyun Peak's ranking, first and second.
The first to enter was the disciple of the Lone Sky Peak, which was ranked first among the 33 Green Cloud Peaks.
Then it was the second ranked Black mountain Peak
Next, the third place Black
…
Xiao Yufeng was ranked last. Naturally, he was ranked last.
After the five inner disciples entered, Luo Zheng, Hao Shige, and the others followed behind and entered the giant flying chariot.
More than 300 disciples were the elite disciples of the Blue Cloud Sect. They carefully sized each other up, and there was a hint of provocation in their eyes.
Luo Zheng was still sitting in the corner with his eyes closed. He did not pay attention to his surroundings.
The purpose of this trip was to slay demons and train. Other than that, he did not want to cause any trouble.
However, even though Luo Zheng did not want to find trouble with others, there would always be people who would find trouble with him. There were many things in this world that could not be helped.
Just as the giant flying chariot slowly moved and steadily rose into the air, someone stepped on the deck of the flying chariot and walked toward Luo Zheng.
That person was wearing a black robe. Although he was a man, his hair was tied into small braids. At the end of each braid was a sharp dart.
"You're Luo Zheng, right?" the person asked as he stood in front of Luo Zheng.
Hearing that person's question, everyone in the cabin knew that there was going to be a show to watch.
Luo Zheng opened his eyes and blinked. He stared at that person and said, "What's the matter?"
"I'm Zhuge Ye. Zhuge Feng is my older brother. You insulted him a few days ago. This time, I'm going to take your life," that person said casually, as if he was talking about something very easy.
Hearing this, Luo Zheng finally showed an impatient expression. He said coldly, "Why didn't Zhuge Feng come himself?"
"You're not worthy of him making a move," Zhuge Ye said.
Hearing Zhuge Ye's words, Luo Zheng suddenly stood up and laughed loudly. His laughter immediately spread to every corner of the giant flying chariot.
This time, the people who came to kill the demon were the most courageous disciples of each mountain peak of the Blue Cloud Sect. Therefore, everyone was very restrained.
Although there were provocations between each other, they were very subtle and did not want to be too conspicuous. After all, after entering the Cang Qiong forest, if they were targeted by the people of other mountain peaks, they would also have to deal with the demon race in the forest.
But at this moment, Luo Zheng was laughing so wildly that even the inner disciples frowned.
Not far away, Hao Shige saw this scene and felt very happy in his heart. He thought, "Luo Zheng, ah, Luo Zheng, this is the price of being arrogant and making enemies everywhere. I'm afraid you won't be able to survive in the Cang Qiong forest this time!"
Zhuge Ye said sternly: "You are only a half-step Xiantian master, and I have the strength of Xiantian fifth stage. Killing you is like slaughtering a pig. You are about to die, what's so funny about that?"
"I'm laughing at your family's famous third son. What bullshit Zhuge Feng, he is just a coward. He has sent people to find trouble with me time and time again, but the result is no exception, he is courting death!" Luo Zheng said coldly: "Don't talk nonsense with me. There are many people who want to kill me, and you are just one more. It's best if you send a few more people at a time so that I can deal with them all at once and save so much trouble!"
Previously, when Luo Zheng was laughing so loudly, the disciples of the Blue Cloud Sect thought that Luo Zheng was crazy and did not know how to restrain himself.
Now, they finally saw that the previous laughter was just a child's play. This half-step Xiantian outer disciple seemed to be boundlessly arrogant!
The disciples of the Blue Cloud Sect had all heard of Zhuge Feng's name. Although this person had the nickname of the third madman, he was extremely strong and quick-witted. He was a very difficult opponent to deal with.
They did not expect that Luo Zheng would dare to call him a coward!
Even if Zhuge Feng was not here, Zhuge Ye's strength was definitely not weak.
With the strength of Xiantian fifth stage, he could be considered one of the best among the inner disciples.
At least, it was more than enough to deal with a half-step Xiantian brat!
But that half-step Xiantian brat dared to scold Zhuge Ye and Zhuge Feng in front of his face without the slightest fear, without the slightest taboo … …
These people who passed the Demon Slaying Assessment belonged to the most courageous group of people. But compared to Luo Zheng, they were not on the same level.
Zhuge Ye's mouth was far less eloquent than Zhuge Feng. When Luo Zheng said this, he did not have much to say. His whole body's Zhen Yuan was boiling as he pointed at Luo Zheng and said: "You dare to scold my brother, you are courting death!"
"I'm courting death? Hehe, even if I'm not courting death, do you think your Family Zhuge will let me off? Do you think your brother will let me off? Since we're both courting death, what's wrong with me scolding you a few times? "Luo Zheng replied coldly.
"I … …" Zhuge Ye's face turned red. It seemed that he wanted to fight on the huge Flying Chariot.
Luo Zheng calmly took two steps back and sneered: "If you want to fight, I'll accompany you!"
But at this time, another two inner disciples walked over and put their hands on Zhuge Ye's shoulders: "You can't fight here. If you really damage the Flying Chariot, you will be in big trouble. When we reach the Cang Qiong Forest, you can kill him however you want!"
Under the persuasion of the two inner disciples, Zhuge Ye finally calmed down. Finally, he snorted coldly at Luo Zheng and turned around to return to his seat.
At this time, Luo Zheng slowly circulated the Sky Demon Qi in his body and forced it back into his Dantian.
It would be a lie to say that he did not feel any pressure when facing Zhuge Ye who was at Xiantian fifth stage.
Just now, Luo Zheng seemed to be fearless, but in fact, he was in a state of full alert. As long as Zhuge Ye showed the slightest killing intent, he would immediately counterattack, even if they were on the huge Flying Chariot.
Luo Zheng had lit more than 100 dragon scales and had also comprehended the 《Heavenly Demon God Fist》. His strength was at a small peak and he wanted to test his limits.
Returning to his seat, Luo Zheng closed his eyes as the massive Flying Chariot shuddered as it flew. He enjoyed the last bit of peace he had.

Chapter 97
Cang Qiong Forest got its name from the tall spruce trees.
Each of these spruce trees was dozens of feet tall. Each of the spruce trees pierced through the clouds, pointing straight to the sky. The ancient people named it Cang Qiong Forest.
This forest was huge, vast, and dense. Standing at the entrance of the forest, one could feel a trace of gloominess and sadness.
After leaving the giant Flying Chariot, the disciples of the Blue Cloud Sect formed groups of ten. Five inner disciples led five outer disciples towards Cang Qiong Forest.
Luo Zheng had just jumped out of the giant Flying Chariot when the five inner disciples on the Xiao Yufeng surrounded Luo Zheng.
One of the black-robed disciples walked up to Luo Zheng and said arrogantly, "Brat, I don't care about the conflict between you and Zhuge Ye. If you want to survive in Cang Qiong Forest, you'd better listen to us! If you are as arrogant as you were on the Flying Chariot, there will only be one outcome. You will become food in the demon's stomach! "
"Even if you are arrogant, you must have the capital. You are just a Half-step to Xiantian and an outer disciple. You still need our protection to participate in the Demon Slaying Mission. If you provoke Zhuge Ye for no reason, won't you be causing trouble for us? Let me tell you in advance. If Zhuge Ye attacks you, we will not stop him! "Another black-robed disciple said to Luo Zheng.
"I heard that you have made a name for yourself in the outer sect recently. But let me tell you, the outer sect is just the foundation of the foundation. Your achievements are not worth mentioning in front of the inner sect disciples! Today, I will teach you a lesson. Don't be arrogant. Think thrice before you act! "Another black-robed disciple said to Luo Zheng.
The other two black-robed disciples looked at him coldly. Then, the five of them turned and walked forward.
Guo Ziyao, Hao Shige, and the other outer sect disciples followed. When they passed by Luo Zheng, they looked at him with pity.
Among them, Hao Shige was the happiest.
The demon extermination mission this time was exceptionally dangerous. If Luo Zheng lost the protection of those inner court disciples, then other than death, there was probably no other way out for him. Now that Luo Zheng suffered a loss in front of those inner court disciples, he was naturally extremely delighted in his heart!
Faced with the reprimands of the inner sect disciples, Luo Zheng only smiled faintly. At the same time, he felt a slight chill in his heart.
Luo Zheng was not the kind of person who would turn hostile.
It was just like when he faced the Luo Clan's disciples. Even if they hit him while he was down and tried to kill him, Luo Zheng still spared their lives out of consideration for their old friendship.
. Luo Zheng might's Luo Zheng didn't stay on Xiao for a long time, but he still regarded as a group..... Luo Zheng as a group. He felt a sense warmth's friendship...
But these Inner Sect disciples had such a bad attitude! Just because he provoked Zhuge Ye, he wanted to draw a clear line between them.
In any case, I've never planned on being protected by anyone. Who knows who will be begging whom later!
Thinking of this, Luo Zheng stopped smiling. He resumed his indifferent expression and walked into Cang Qiong Forest.
Compared to the tropical rainforest in the south, Cang Qiong Forest's light was blocked by the huge spruce trees. Only the occasional sunlight shone through the gaps. The whole environment was dim and quiet.
Not far away, strange bird cries could be heard from time to time. They were far and near, but they couldn't distinguish the source of the sound.
After entering Cang Qiong Forest, everyone was infected by the atmosphere. They were on high alert. After all, this was Cang Qiong Forest.
Although there was Baidi City in front of Cang Qiong Forest, which was resisting the Demon Clan's army on the Asura Battlefield, there were still many Demon Clan scouts sneaking into Cang Qiong Forest. Although each of the inner sect disciples had the strength to fight against ordinary Demon Soldiers, once a real battle began, no one could say for sure who would win or lose.
Hao Shige, Guo Zirao, and the other outer disciples of Little Rain Peak were also very nervous at this moment. They all took out their weapons, and while being on guard, they followed behind the five inner disciples.
In contrast, Luo Zheng's expression was the most relaxed.
His soul had been refined and was far stronger than that of ordinary people. Even the souls of the five Xiantian lifeforms in front of him were far inferior to Luo Zheng's.
Therefore, Luo Zheng's perception was stronger. He was more aware of the movements around him.
As Xiao Yufeng's group went deeper into the forest, they became more and more separated from the disciples of the other peaks of the Blue Cloud Sect.
They followed the small path in Cang Qiong Forest for about ten to twenty kilometers.
An inner disciple who was scouting ahead suddenly stepped on a piece of rotten wood and broke it with a crackling sound.
"What's the matter!" Hao Shige, who had been very nervous, shouted.
The inner sect disciple turned his head and said with a sneer, "Hao Shige, don't be so nervous. It's just a log."
"Be careful!" Just as the inner sect disciple was talking to Hao Shige, a big snake that looked like dead wood suddenly emerged from behind the thick and big spruce trunk.
The big snake's whole body was greenish-gray, which was very similar to the color of the spruce bark. Therefore, no one noticed it when it was entrenched there.
As soon as the snake appeared, it opened its bloody mouth and bit towards the inner court disciple. It looked like it wanted to swallow the inner court disciple in one bite.
At this moment, a silver light flickered in the air. The silver light swept past the big snake's head and instantly cut it in two.
"Junior Brother Qiu, although we haven't encountered any demons yet, you'd better be careful!" The inner sect disciple who attacked said indifferently. In his hand was a sword shining with silver light.
When the inner sect disciple surnamed Qiu saw this, he immediately cupped his hands and said with a smile, "Senior Brother Lin Geng, thank you for your help!"
Luo Zheng, who was standing at the back, saw Lin Geng's sword and raised his eyebrows. Even though Xiao Yufeng was the last mountain peak, there was no lack of experts in the inner sect. Lin Geng's strength was very strong. Although he killed a rank four demon snake, his reaction speed was not much slower than Luo Zheng's.
Just now, Luo Zheng had already put his hand in the sumeru ring. If Lin Geng didn't help, Luo Zheng would have killed the big snake with a flying knife.
Lin Geng nodded, put away the sword, and led the team to continue forward.
The ten disciples of Xiao Yufeng were led by Lin Geng.
Along the way, they did not encounter any Yao Clan members. However, they did manage to kill off quite a number of Yao Clan members. Amongst them, there was no lack of powerful Yao Clan members. However, under the siege of the five Little Rain Peak inner disciples, their corpses were quickly torn apart and their Yao Cores dug out.
As for Hao Shige, Guo Ziyao, and Luo Zheng, the five outer sect disciples, they became complete spectators.
Just like that, they stumbled all the way until noon, when they finally stopped at the edge of a valley.
The inner sect disciple surnamed Qiu suddenly pointed at Hao Shige and Guo Zirao, "You, and you, go find some firewood and make a fire here!"
Hao Shige and Guo Zirao were two of the top figures among the outer sect disciples. When had they been ordered to do this kind of work?
Their eyes flashed with a touch of anger. Obviously, they were very dissatisfied with the task assigned by the disciple surnamed Qiu.
"What? You don't want to? If you don't want to, then don't follow us. Go wherever you want! Since you enjoy our protection, you have to do something! "The disciple surnamed Qiu said coldly.
Hao Shige and Guo Zirao looked at each other, showing a helpless expression. They really had no choice. People under the eaves had to bow their heads. They couldn't go back to participate in this Demon Slaying Trial, right? Cang Qiong Forest was so big. If they turned back, they were afraid that they would only die.
Seeing that they had no choice, the two could only lower their heads and look for firewood.
After the disciple surnamed Qiu gave the order, his eyes swept over Luo Zheng and the others, and said, "You guys, go to the valley and keep watch!"
Luo Zheng wanted to say something, but after thinking about it, he gave up.
After all, now that Xiao Yufeng had ten people, it was considered a team. It was not too much to do something.
Luo Zheng climbed along the edge of the valley, climbed up a slippery stone, and looked into the distance.
The Cang Qiong Forest was vast. As far as the eye could see, except for the green spruce forest, it was difficult to distinguish anything else.
"We said we were here to slay demons, but we didn't even see a demon!" The outer disciple who came with Luo Zheng to keep watch said.
"The Cang Qiong Forest is so big, how can there be so many demons? If you really want to see the demons, just cross this forest and stand on the city wall of White Emperor City. There are as many demons as you want! "Another outer disciple said.
Hearing the conversation between the two, Luo Zheng was silent. Since the establishment of the Fengtian Dynasty, the human race in the Eastern Region had created a prosperous situation. However, in the past hundred years, the demons had been incessant. For a time, the entire Fengtian Dynasty felt that it was in imminent danger.
Fortunately, there were two people in the Fengtian Dynasty. One was the peerless master of the Fengtian Palace, and the other was the sect master of the Blue Cloud Sect. The strength of these two people was unfathomable.
If it weren't for the fear of these two people, the demon race would have already captured White Emperor City and swallowed the entire Eastern Region.
After about half an hour, a wisp of smoke floated up from the valley. Then, someone called Luo Zheng and the other two people over. The lunch was already cooked.
Everyone gathered around the bonfire, either standing or sitting, and began to eat just like that.
"Senior Brother Lin Geng, have you really slain a demon?" While everyone was eating, they heard the disciple surnamed Qiu ask.
Lin Geng tore a piece of roe deer meat and showed a proud smile. He nodded and said, "Four years ago, I was still Xiao Yufeng's outer disciple. At that time, the Asura Battlefield was about to close. I also participated in the Demon Slaying Trial. Coincidentally, a few of us surrounded a Demon Soldier. The most fatal sword was slashed by me!"
To be able to kill a Demon Soldier as an outer disciple was indeed enough to make Lin Geng proud. "But at that time, my strength was still weak. Killing that Demon Soldier was pure luck. If I encounter a Demon Soldier now, I'm afraid I won't be able to last three moves under my sword!"
While Lin Geng was talking, an inner disciple lowered his head and ate meat. Suddenly, he screamed in a strange voice, "Is that so? I wonder if I can last three moves under your sword? "
Suddenly, a torrential demon aura came from the inner disciple's body!
＝＝＝＝＝

Chapter 98
At this moment, everyone's expressions changed greatly.
Faced with the surging demon aura, everyone immediately distanced themselves from the inner sect disciple.
"Zeng!"
Lin Geng pointed his sword at the inner sect disciple and said, "You're not Xu Heng. Who are you?"
"Cough, cough, cough …"
The inner sect disciple named Xu Heng let out a strange laugh. Then, a few spikes extended from his body. Strangely, the spikes pierced his skin, but no blood flowed out.
"After hiding in the Cang Qiong Forest for so long, I finally met a human. Human flesh is indeed delicious!" The inner sect disciple stuck out a strange long tongue and licked his lips. Then, his head split apart, revealing his body.
This inner sect disciple was actually a demon!
"When did you swallow Xu Heng's flesh and blood and hide in his body?" Lin Geng asked, the treasured sword in his hand shining with a silver light.
The demon smiled, revealing his sharp teeth. "Human, do you think I need to tell you?" Then, the demon suddenly let out a shrill cry. From the side of the valley, more than ten demons rushed out. They were all ugly, baring their fangs and brandishing their claws, exuding a thick demon aura.
"Kill!"
There was almost no way out in the face of demons. Lin Geng was indeed an inner sect disciple. He was unusually decisive.
This time, Xiao Yufeng's disciple was unlucky.
Usually, when demon scouts sneaked into the Cang Qiong Forest, they would move separately and rarely in groups. After all, the Emperor's Army in Baidi City was not useless. If there were too many demons and they were detected by the Emperor's Army, they could be killed by humans.
However, there was a demon that had killed Xu Heng, an Inner Sanctum disciple, and devoured all of his flesh. Wearing Xu Heng's skin, the demon had followed the disciples of Rain Peak all the way. Naturally, this gave the demon a chance to gather helpers.
"Ah …"
Just as Lin Geng gave the order, an outer sect disciple screamed.
To be able to pass the test, that outer sect disciple could be considered a valiant person. But this time, several Demon Soldiers appeared at the same time. His heart was too fearful, and he completely lost the ability to resist. His head was bitten off by one of the Demon Soldiers!
The Demon Soldier understood the fear of humans and deliberately raised the corpse of the Outer Sect Disciple to show off its spoils of war.
The four Inner Sect disciples were now fighting the Demon Soldiers on their own.
On the other hand, Hao Shige, Guo Zirao, and the others' faces were deathly pale, their teeth chattering uncontrollably as they stood there in a daze.
Among the outer court disciples, only Luo Zheng was able to remain calm.
At the moment of the sudden change, Luo Zheng had already clasped the broken flying dagger in his hand. With his back to the valley, he squinted his eyes.
These demon soldiers were like evil spirits that had crawled out from the eighteenth level of hell. In their eyes, humans were like delicious food.
One of the demon soldiers went to Luo Zheng.
The Demon Soldier brandished the spikes in his hands as he moved his scaly long legs and pounced towards Luo Zheng.
"Now!" The corner of Luo Zheng's mouth slightly curled, and the broken flying dagger in his hand suddenly shot out.
"Pu!"
The flying dagger pierced through the Demon Soldier's head and then cut its entire body open. By the time the Demon Soldier fell to the ground, it had already been cut in two.
"One." This was the first Demon Soldier that Luo Zheng had truly beheaded.
Just as he beheaded this Demon Soldier, another Demon Soldier pounced at him from the side. Facing this Demon Soldier, Luo Zheng's fingers pulled slightly, and the broken flying dagger that had just been shot out shot back at him.
"Pu!"
The flying dagger pierced through the Demon Soldier's head, and brain matter flowed out. It was immediately dead.
"Two." Luo Zheng remembered the number and continued to fight.
At this time, Luo Zheng looked towards Hao Shige and saw two Demon Soldiers brandishing their spikes and about to pounce on Hao Shige and Guo Zirao!
In fact, these Demon Soldiers were not very strong. Hao Shige and Guo Zirao were ranked first and third respectively in the Outer Sect. They had the strength to kill Demon Soldiers.
But at this moment, the two of them were scared out of their wits. They could do almost nothing but stand in place and tremble.
Seeing this scene, Luo Zheng shook his head. He could only push off with his feet and rush 30 feet away. At the same time, he threw out the broken flying dagger in his hand.
"Pu pu!"
Two sounds like watermelons bursting rang out. The broken flying dagger instantly exploded the heads of the two Demon Soldiers.
Luo Zheng walked in front of Hao Shige and Guo Zirao and said, "With only this much courage, you still want to come out and kill Demon Soldiers?"
When Hao Shige saw that it was Luo Zheng who saved his life, his face showed gratitude and surprise. But after being questioned by Luo Zheng, he and Guo Zirao both felt somewhat ashamed.
In fact, it was not that they did not dare to resist, but at this time, their hands and feet did not listen to them at all.
"I didn't expect that our Xiao Yufeng's Outer Sect First Disciple is a waste!" Luo Zheng sneered.
A touch of dark red color suddenly spread from Hao Shige's neck. He, Hao Shige, had a smooth journey in his life. From childhood to now, who didn't call him a genius when they saw him? But now someone actually called him a waste!
This was worse than killing Hao Shige.
"Not convinced? In the face of Demon Soldiers, you don't even dare to move. Tell me, aren't you a waste? "Luo Zheng still sneered.
Hao Shige roared, "I am not a waste!"
Luo Zheng nodded, "Since you are not a waste, then prove it. The strength of these Demon Soldiers is only in the Xiantian Realm. They are even weaker than you. Go and fight, go and risk your life. Even if you die in battle, it is better than standing here like a waste and being trampled on."
A person's potential was infinite. Under Luo Zheng's provocation, Hao Shige roared and unsheathed the three feet long Qingfeng Sword in his hand. With red eyes, he actually slashed towards the Demon Soldiers.
This Hao Shige was able to become an Inner Sect Disciple because his talent, speed, and strength were all excellent. In the future, when he became an Inner Sect Disciple, he would be far stronger than ordinary Inner Sect Disciples. After being provoked by Luo Zheng, his strength was also very amazing.
Waves of wind and thunder rippled out from his green-tipped sword. Under his frenzied sword attacks, he actually sliced a demon into pieces!
After Hao Shige beheaded a Demon Soldier, his chest violently heaved up and down. His eyes were also wide open. He could not believe that he had actually beheaded a Demon Soldier with his own hands.
Only by relying on his own hands, after beheading a Demon Soldier, would he be free from that kind of fear. Hao Shige stood in place in a daze and murmured, "I have comprehended! I am finally free from the Demon Qi! "
He turned his head and looked at Luo Zheng.
However, he saw that Luo Zheng only glanced at him indifferently. Holding that strange throwing knife in his hand, he attacked another Demon Soldier.
At this moment, the number of Demon Soldiers that had fallen at the hands of Luo Zheng had already reached four.
Seeing that those Demon Soldiers could not even last one move in front of Luo Zheng, Hao Shige's heart was filled with emotion. His jealousy towards Luo Zheng had now completely transformed into admiration. He now truly realized that he and Luo Zheng were two completely different people. His status as the number one Outer Sect disciple should have been given up long ago.
The battle in the valley was in full swing. At this moment, Hao Shige did not have much time to think. He raised his True Essence to assist the other Inner Sect Disciples in the battle.
Lin Geng's sword was a low-grade Spiritual Weapon. His sword was extremely fast and sharp. Facing the first Demon Soldier, he had already slashed thirty times in a breath.
However, out of these thirty slashes, not a single one was able to pierce the Demon Soldier.
"Didn't you say three slashes? I've given you so many chances. Why haven't you finished me off yet? "The Demon Soldier spoke in human language. His voice was extremely ear-piercing.
Lin Geng's expression was very ugly. This Demon Soldier was very strange. His speed was much faster than ordinary Demon Soldiers. At this moment, Lin Geng had a guess in his heart. A guess that terrified him. "You're not a Demon Soldier!"
"Ga ga ga ga!" The Demon Soldier let out a shrill laugh. Soon after, several bronze spikes extended from his yellowish-brown body. His body suddenly increased by several feet. From one person's height to two people's height, he stood in front of Lin Geng like a small mountain.
At the same time, this Demon Soldier's Demon Qi also increased rapidly! This Demonic Qi was far more powerful than the Demonic Qi emitted by ordinary Demonic Qi soldiers, filling the entire valley!
Xiao Yufeng and the other Inner Sect Disciples who were in the midst of a fierce battle all paled.
Lin Geng swallowed a mouthful of saliva. His expression was as if he had lost his parents. His heart sank as he spat out two words: "Demon General!"
The strength of a Demon General was far greater than that of an ordinary Demon Soldier.
But generally speaking, Demon Generals rarely appeared in Cang Qiong Forest!
Because the Demon Generals' Demon Qi was too strong, it was very difficult for them to completely conceal their Demon Qi and avoid White Emperor City's search to sneak into Cang Qiong Forest.
But there were exceptions to everything. No matter how this Demon General entered Cang Qiong Forest, it was now standing in front of Lin Geng.
"Even if you're a Demon General, die for me!"
Lin Geng also understood that there was no other choice but to fight. He was different from Hao Shige. He had experienced the Demon Slaying Trial and had personally killed a Demon. At the same time, he also understood that fear was the most useless emotion.
Fear was useless. It would only make one die faster.
Streaks of sharp white light shot towards the Fiend General with all their might. It was a dazzling sight, too much for the eyes to take in.
Such a fierce attack, but the Demon General was able to easily dodge it.
"Dang!"
Lin Geng's sword struck a bronze spike. A crisp sound rang out, causing Lin Geng's arm to go numb.
Not good! Lin Geng knew something was wrong and wanted to retreat.
The Demon General had been waiting for this opportunity. How could it let Lin Geng escape so easily?
The Demon General stretched out its sharp claws and grabbed Lin Geng's sword. With a forceful tug, Lin Geng's sword flew out of his hand and stabbed into the ground, swaying non-stop.
Then, the other claw grabbed towards Lin Geng's chest.
This grab would probably rip open Lin Geng's stomach!
But at this moment, the Demon General seemed to have sensed something. The hand that should have grabbed Lin Geng actually retracted like lightning. At the same time, a flying dagger passed between Lin Geng and the Demon General.
If the Demon General hadn't retracted his hand, he would have been hit by the flying dagger.
Lin Geng saw this scene and found it very strange. This Demon General wasn't even afraid of his low-grade spiritual weapon. Why was he so afraid of this broken flying dagger? He turned his head and saw that not far away, Luo Zheng's hand was still in the posture of throwing the flying dagger. His eyes revealed a look of regret.
"He's too alert. Even like that he didn't hit," Luo Zheng said as he spread out his hands.
The Demon General looked at Luo Zheng. Its ugly eyes revealed a look of fear. It said in a harsh and unpleasant voice, "Human, you're a bit special."

Chapter 99
Not only Lin Geng, but all the inner disciples knew that the outer disciples who came with them had no capital to fight against the demon race except for their courage.
These outer disciples were all burdens.
However, according to the Blue Cloud Sect's rules, the five inner disciples had to bring along five burdens to participate in the demon-slaying mission.
Therefore, when Xiao Yufeng was still an inner disciple, Lin Geng and the others had discussed how to deal with these burdens so that they wouldn't be a burden to the inner disciples during battle.
At that time, Lin Geng never thought that he would be saved by a burden.
At the same time, Lin Geng was even more confused. That demon general wasn't even afraid of his Nine Elements Diffraction Sword, so why was it so afraid of Luo Zheng's flying dagger?
"If I'm special, will you let me go?" Luo Zheng said as he retrieved the broken flying dagger.
The demon general stuck out its tongue from its mouth full of sharp teeth and licked it, "Of course not, special people taste even more delicious! Ga ga … "
After the demon general finished speaking, it threw Lin Geng aside and pounced on Luo Zheng.
Seeing this, Lin Geng stretched out his hand and a bright silver True Yuan shot out from his hand. The Nine Elements Diffraction Sword that was stuck in the ground was rolled back into his hand and stabbed towards the demon general. He knew that if he didn't get rid of this demon general, everyone would die, so he had to seize every opportunity.
However, the Fey General actually ignored Lin Geng's attack. It suddenly twisted its back and a few bronze spikes extended from its back, neutralizing Lin Geng's attack.
The demon general's demon aura was far from that of an ordinary demon. Even Lin Geng was helpless against it.
Luo Zheng stood on the spot with his eyes wide open and his face unprecedentedly cautious.
He knew that if he wasn't careful, he might die on the spot!
Just as the Daemon General rushed over, Luo Zheng gently tossed out the broken flying dagger. Then, he reached out and pulled, causing the broken flying dagger to circle in an arc and shoot towards the Daemon General.
However, the demon general's speed was far beyond Luo Zheng's estimation. It used a very strange speed to follow the broken flying dagger's trajectory and quickly avoided the flying dagger's attack!
Tricky!
Luo Zheng clenched his teeth and more than a hundred dragon scales in his mind flashed with a green light at the same time. He fiercely punched the demon general's head with unparalleled power.
A turbulent power spread out from Luo Zheng's body. Only Luo Zheng, who had a Spiritual Tool Body, could bear this enormous power. If it was any other human, they would be crushed by their own power before they could use it.
"Boom!"
Luo Zheng and the Daemon General clashed head-on.
The two pure forces clashed. It was as if they had the power to destroy the heavens and the earth. The huge force shook the surrounding stones into dust.
The Demon General's strength was not to be underestimated either. The tremendous counterforce sent Luo Zheng flying hundreds of feet away. Luo Zheng's body was forcefully thrown into the ground, creating a concave path. A pile of soil was piled up behind him.
Since Luo Zheng had become a Spiritual Tool, ordinary strength had long lost its effect on him. However, the demon general's punch made Luo Zheng feel incomparably comfortable. A warm current spread throughout his body and enveloped him in an extremely comfortable feeling.
According to the martial artist's path of cultivation, when an ordinary person entered the half-step Xiantian realm, they would begin to consolidate their foundation and cultivate their Yuan.
The so-called consolidation was to strengthen the dantian and increase the dantian's ability to bear the scouring of True Essence to a higher level.
As for Essence Cultivation, it naturally meant cultivating True Essence.
The warm current was generated from Luo Zheng's body. It flowed along the major meridians and slowly flowed into Luo Zheng's dantian. Luo Zheng felt as if there was a flame burning in his lower abdomen. He knew that this warm current should be helping Luo Zheng strengthen his dantian.
Luo Zheng was blasted dozens of feet away by this punch. The demon general's situation was similar. His whole body flew into the forest on the side of the valley. His hard body directly broke several huge spruce trees.
"Boom!"
These spruce trees, which had been growing for hundreds of years, slowly toppled and fell to the sides.
Although the demon race's body was not as strong as the demon race's, this demon general was, after all, a demon general. After climbing up from the ground, his face was slightly unsightly.
Although this demon general had seen through Luo Zheng's uniqueness at first glance, he hadn't expected Luo Zheng's strength to be so terrifying. Just now, in a pure competition of strength, that kid's strength was even 30% higher than his own.
The demon general slowly walked towards the valley. Along the way, the spruce trees that blocked his path were broken one by one, making loud noises. Endless demon energy soared into the sky, almost changing the color of the sky!
At this moment, the one who was the most shocked was Lin Geng.
Lin Geng was an expert among the Xiantian realm experts. He also believed that his strength was far inferior to that demon general.
When he saw Luo Zheng and the demon general collide head-on, he thought that Luo Zheng was dead for sure.
A half-step Xiantian kid was hit by a demon general's fist head-on. His entire body was probably going to collapse, right?
But the result of this punch didn't develop as he had imagined.
Luo Zheng and that demon general were both pushed back several tens of Zhang by a huge force!
Lin Geng couldn't figure out how Luo Zheng had done it. But at this moment, he didn't think too much about it. After all, Luo Zheng's tyrannical and unparalleled strength gave him hope.
But then, he saw that demon general climb up and walk towards him as if nothing had happened. Then, he saw that Luo Zheng was lying motionless on the ground. The glimmer of hope that had just risen in his heart disappeared without a trace at this moment.
Lin Geng also thought that he had thought too much. If he had been hit by a demon general head-on, even he would have been seriously injured. How could he have climbed up?
What Lin Geng didn't know was that Luo Zheng didn't climb up from the ground, not because he couldn't.
When his dantian had absorbed almost all of the warm current, Luo Zheng suddenly jumped up from the big pit. He moved his body a bit and pinched his entire neck.
This demon general's strength was admittedly tyrannical, but Luo Zheng's spirit-tool body was also incomparably hard. "Good strength! Again! "After Luo Zheng finished speaking, he also stepped forward to meet the demon general.
Luo Zheng naturally hoped that he could exchange a few blows with that demon general.
The warm current produced by the demon general's strength could quickly strengthen Luo Zheng's dantian, allowing him to cultivate true essence as soon as possible!
However, after the demon general exchanged a blow with Luo Zheng, he had already recognized Luo Zheng's strength. At this moment, the demon general's brown skin was surging with a raging demon aura. Two bronze barbs grew out of his arms in an instant.
The demon general roared. He bent his arms and pointed the two bone spurs at Luo Zheng. Then, he attacked Luo Zheng with both hands!
Seeing this, Luo Zheng stopped the power in his feet and suddenly slowed down his speed. He wanted to rely on this sudden stop to dodge the demon general's attack.
In fact, Luo Zheng's dodge was effective. The two bone spurs didn't hit their target. They just brushed past Luo Zheng's sides.
However, right at that moment, a cruel smile suddenly appeared on the Monstrous General's face. It opened its mouth, which was filled with sharp teeth, and suddenly let out a roar.
"Roar!"
From the demon general's chest, back, shoulders, and all over his body, more than a dozen bronze bone spurs suddenly shot out.
When Luo Zheng saw the demon general's strange smile, he knew something was wrong. Although his reaction was extremely fast, it was already too late. One of the bone spurs stabbed straight at Luo Zheng.
Seeing that Luo Zheng couldn't avoid the attack of the Bone Spur, he twisted his body in a weird way and forcibly avoided the fatal part of his body when the Bone Spur pierced into his chest.
"Puchi!"
Although this bone spur didn't pierce Luo Zheng's chest, it still directly pierced through Luo Zheng's shoulder.
Luo Zheng was pierced through by this bone spur. His feet didn't touch the ground, and he was suspended in midair …
The demon general let out a dry laugh. He stretched out a big bark-like hand and pinched Luo Zheng's legs. "A special human's flesh is even more delicious, haha …"
He actually wanted to forcibly tear Luo Zheng apart from the middle.
When the Xiao Yufeng disciples, who were doing their best to resist the other demon soldiers, saw this scene, their hearts quickly sank.
They all knew very well what it meant to run into a demon general.
As long as Lin Geng died, the others wouldn't be able to last more than one round against this demon general.
All the disciples of the Xiao Yufeng would be dismembered and eaten by these demons.
Just now, when Luo Zheng and the demon general clashed head-on, everyone was shocked, but at the same time, they all had a glimmer of hope.
But this hope was shattered so quickly …
At this moment, a strange smile appeared on Luo Zheng's face.
The intelligence of the demon race wasn't lower than that of humans. When they saw Luo Zheng's smile, they became a little suspicious. But this time, this little guy was completely under his control, and there was no hope for him to turn the tables. He was just about to use all his strength to tear Luo Zheng in two.
"Swish —"
From the side of the demon general, that broken throwing knife shot at him from a very tricky angle.
Before Luo Zheng was pierced by the bone spur, Luo Zheng threw the broken throwing knife out, then secretly pulled it back and shot it back at the demon general.
"Hmm?"
The demon general's reaction speed was extremely fast. He instantly discovered that throwing knife. He was just about to twist his body and use the spikes on his body to block that throwing knife.
But at the same time, a pale yellow light condensed between Luo Zheng's eyebrows. The light turned into a sharp spike and fiercely pierced towards the demon general's head.
"Ga ga ga!"
The demon general that was pierced by Luo Zheng's Spirit Spike let out an extremely painful roar. His soul was seriously injured by Luo Zheng's "Soul-Shaking Spike", so he had no time to deal with that broken throwing knife for a moment.
"Slash!"
The broken throwing knife directly slashed across the demon general's chest. At the same time, Luo Zheng's hands hugged that bronze bone spur. More than a hundred dragon scales in his mind instantly lit up, and a tremendous force was transmitted from his body.
"Crack!"
This bone spur was forcibly broken by Luo Zheng just like that.
The moment Luo Zheng broke the bone spur, he pulled the bone spur out of his shoulder. Taking advantage of the fact that the demon general's mind had not completely recovered, he reversed the bone spur's tip and fiercely stabbed it into the demon general's head!
"Ga ga ga ga …"
The demon general struggled in pain, holding his head and rolling on the ground.
Luo Zheng's state of mind was not affected at all. With a light clasp of his thumb, the broken throwing knife flew back to his hand. He jumped on the demon general's body, held the broken throwing knife in his hand, and madly cut at the demon general!

Chapter 100
With the sharpness of the broken Flying Dagger, there was almost nothing in the world that could block its blade.
Every blade could leave a destructive wound on the Demon General's body.
At this moment, Luo Zheng was like the most barbaric butcher, desperately waving his Flying Dagger and dismembering the Demon General in a frenzy.
It was said that the Demon Clan's vitality was extremely tenacious. No matter how serious the injury, they could recover in a short period of time.
"Kill, kill, kill, kill, kill!"
"I'll kill you while you're sick!"
Since Luo Zheng had succeeded in one move, he would not give the Demon General any chance to revive.
Only when the Demon General's head, arms, and body had been cut into pieces of flesh and blood did Luo Zheng stop and gasp for breath.
The Demon General had been cut into pieces by Luo Zheng. Obviously, he was dead, and there was absolutely no possibility of recovery.
Seeing this, the surrounding Demon Soldiers retreated and fled in all directions.
Luo Zheng's body was stained with Demon Blood. His whole body was like that of a Demon Clan, emitting a strong killing intent.
Xiao Yufeng's disciples stared blankly at Luo Zheng with a trace of fear in their eyes.
This fear was not because of the remaining Demon Aura on Luo Zheng's body, but because Luo Zheng's performance just now was too frightening. He was like a crazy demon god!
Although Luo Zheng was only a half-step Xiantian, the Demon Aura emitted from his body made those Xiantian lifeforms feel fear!
Lin Geng sheathed his sword and slowly walked over. He glanced at the wound on Luo Zheng's shoulder, then took out a small bottle from his waist. He took out a pill from the bottle and threw it to Luo Zheng. At the same time, he said, "This is the Muscle Growing Pill from the Heavenly Fragrance Pavilion. Catch it."
Luo Zheng did not hesitate. He took the pill and stuffed it into his mouth.
Although this Muscle Growing Pill was not as good as the Red Cloud Pill given to him by Instructor Su, it was still a very expensive pill for Inner Sect disciples.
Previously, when Luo Zheng had just walked down from the giant Flying Chariot, Lin Geng and the others had been mocking Luo Zheng. But now, they were saved by Luo Zheng.
Lin Geng was willing to take out the Muscle Growing Pill because he felt a little apologetic.
The disciple surnamed Qiu and a few other inner disciples walked over to the corpses of the demon soldiers and reached out to pluck a gray bead from the corpses.
"Yao core!"
Seeing the gray bead, Luo Zheng narrowed his eyes.
The bodies of demons and humans were completely different. The power of humans came from their Dantian, while the power of demons came from their Dantian.
The assessment for this mission was based on the number of Monster Cores collected. Therefore, even though they had lost two people, they didn't forget to collect these Monster Cores.
The disciple surnamed Qiu silently collected the Monster Cores, and obediently handed four of them over to Luo Zheng.
These four Monster Cores had been killed by Luo Zheng.
The disciple surnamed Qiu had seen Luo Zheng's true strength and naturally didn't dare to have the slightest bit of greed.
Lin Geng raised his sword and stabbed the chest of the demon general on the ground. He also plucked out a Monster Core from the chest.
This demon general's Monster Core was one size larger than that of an ordinary demon soldier. Lin Geng said, "Brother Luo Zheng, this is the demon general's Monster Core. Take it!"
Luo Zheng put away the demon general's Monster Core and the four demon soldiers' Monster Cores into his sumeru ring.
If he could obtain first place in this mission, in addition to the mid-grade spirit weapon, he could also obtain a considerable amount of points.
Although the inner disciples of the 33 peaks, especially the Lone Sky Peak and Black Rock Peak, were quite strong, Luo Zheng wouldn't give up the opportunity to compete.
After this battle, Xiao Yufeng had lost two people, an outer disciple and an inner disciple.
"Sigh, it's just a pity that Xu Heng and Yang Hu were swallowed alive by that demon soldier," an inner disciple said in a muffled voice.
Lin Geng shook his head. "In the past, when we participated in demon-slaying missions, there were also people who encountered demon generals. That time, the demon-slaying mission ended miserably. A total of 120 disciples from 12 peaks died at the demon general's hands. This time, if it weren't for Brother Luo Zheng, none of us would have survived."
Encountering the attack of a demon general and several dozen demon soldiers, eight out of ten people were lucky enough to survive. This was already a great fortune amidst misfortune.
Hao Shige's attitude towards Luo Zheng was already very different.
With Hao Shige's intelligence, he thought he could clearly see through the various states of the human world and understand how enchanting the world was. There was always a mountain higher than the other. However, the arrogance in his bones was indeed difficult to erase.
However, participating in this demon-slaying mission had indeed taught him a hard lesson, making him clearly understand his own position.
This could also be considered a kind of tempering, a tempering of the mind.
After cleaning up the mess, the remaining eight people continued on their journey.
At this time, the mentality of Xiao Yufeng's disciples had already changed.
In the past, those inner sect disciples all regarded the outer sect disciples as burdens and burdens.
But now, everyone already understood that the true leader of this team was Luo Zheng.
Even Lin Geng himself thought so.
They slowly shuttled through the Canopy Forest. Until the sun set and night came, they didn't encounter any more demons.
"Demon beasts will appear at night. I think it's better for everyone to find a place to rest," Lin Geng suggested as he walked to the side of the team.
Luo Zheng nodded. "It's indeed not suitable to wander around at night."
"There's a fire ahead!" Guo Zirao suddenly shouted at this time.
Everyone looked ahead. In the distance, there was indeed a bonfire burning fiercely.
If there was a bonfire, it meant there were humans. They should be disciples from other peaks.
This demon-slaying mission involved a demon general. Naturally, everyone didn't dare to be careless. If they were together with disciples from other peaks and looked after each other, their safety would also be guaranteed.
Therefore, everyone walked towards the bonfire.
Unexpectedly, just as they approached the bonfire, they heard a burst of dense mechanical sounds.
"Tut tut tut …"
Silver needles, like rain, shot towards Lin Geng, who was standing at the front.
"Pearflower Storm Needles!"
Lin Geng's face suddenly changed. At this moment, it was too late to dodge. He could only unsheathe his sword and brandish it, creating a silver-white sword flower that wrapped around himself. But Lin Geng was clear that there were gaps in his sword flower. The Pearflower Storm Needles were so numerous that it was like a rainstorm falling from the sky. He couldn't block every single one of them.
And each of these Pearflower Needles was highly toxic. As long as he was pierced by one of them, he wouldn't be able to survive for long.
At this moment, only a figure casually floated by and stood in front of Lin Geng.
That person was Luo Zheng.
Luo Zheng didn't dodge. He completely blocked Lin Geng behind him, letting these Pearflower Needles shoot at him like raindrops.
In a short while, Luo Zheng's body was densely covered with Pearflower Needles. It looked very terrifying.
Seeing this, Lin Geng stammered, "Brother, Luo Zheng, are you all right?"
Unexpectedly, Luo Zheng stretched out his hand and brushed off all the Pearflower Needles on his body. He said with a smile, "Don't worry, I'm all right. It's just some embroidery needles. They can't hurt me."
Hearing Luo Zheng's words, Lin Geng, Xiao Yufeng and the others were speechless.
The Pearflower Storm Needles were one of the most famous concealed weapons of the Divine Needle Family. Because they were extremely fast and numerous, it was often impossible to dodge them.
Moreover, these Pearflower Needles were extremely fine. They could easily penetrate the vital energy of a Xiantian lifeform and pierce into the skin, releasing the poison on the tip. It was impossible to guard against them.
However, Luo Zheng didn't seem to have any reaction to the Pearflower Storm Needles …
When Lin Geng, the disciple surnamed Qiu, Hao Shige and the others saw Luo Zheng's carefree appearance, they couldn't help but think of one word at the same time: monster.
Indeed, Luo Zheng's strength was comparable to that of a demon general. Moreover, he wasn't at a disadvantage. Now, he was invulnerable to poison and completely ignored the Pearflower Storm Needles. He was a living monster!
After brushing off all the Pearflower Needles on his body, Luo Zheng continued to open the path in front of him, walking towards the bonfire.
Before Luo Zheng could get close, he heard a feminine voice, "Stop!"
＝＝＝＝＝