Apotheosis – Ascension to Godhood
Vol.8

Chapter 701
Back then, after Ning Yudie was rescued and sent to the Cloud Sect to be nurtured, she carried the hatred of her entire family being annihilated. However, Ning Yudie had never cried.
In her little head, the only thought she had was to avenge her family.
Compared to the Blue Cloud Sect, the competition in the Cloud Sect was much more intense.
After all, the Blue Cloud Sect was located in a corner of the Cloud Sect. Those who competed with Luo Zheng were only children of landowning households. Those so-called great landowning households were not worth mentioning in the Central Domain.
The Cloud Sect, on the other hand, consisted of children from various third-rank aristocratic families. Although Ning Yudie was able to stand out in the Cloud Sect due to her outstanding talent, more importantly, Ning Yudie's perseverance.
At that time, she was just a little girl. Moreover, she was much smaller than the other disciples. Not to mention, she was also a foreigner. Naturally, she was constantly ostracized in the Cloud Sect.
However, Ning Yudie relied on her perseverance, gritted her teeth, and took one step at a time. Without anyone's support, she stood out among the millions of disciples in the Cloud Sect. At the same time, she also obtained the first place in the Road of Trials!
After entering the Cloud Hall, she became a dazzling star. She became Grandma Yu's disciple and was taught the 《Empyrean Fairy Heart Sutra》. After dispersing her cultivation eight times, Ning Yudie was able to sit on the position of Temple Master.
Ning Yudie was not a particularly strong person. In fact, she still had the mentality of a little girl. However, she firmly suppressed all her grievances, fear, and laziness, these negative emotions deep in her heart. She had never once vented them in front of others!
Even in the face of death, she was still calm and composed.
However, even though she had such self-control, after seeing Luo Zheng, she suddenly burst into tears, unable to control herself.
As early as when competing for the Rising Dragon Platform, Ning Yudie had already secretly given her heart to Luo Zheng. This young man suddenly broke into her heart. However, at that time, Ning Yudie still had many misgivings in her heart. It was because of these misgivings that she was unable to recognize her true feelings.
Later, after igniting the spirit lamp in the immortal tomb and entering the tomb, although she obtained abundant treasures, Luo Zheng disappeared.
At that time, Ning Yudie realized how important Luo Zheng was to her.
In only two years, there was no news of Luo Zheng. Ning Yudie once sent people from the Cloud Hall to search the entire Central Domain. She even issued several missions to find Luo Zheng........ the rewards of these missions were shocking..... it was said that many disciples of the Cloud Hall shared these missions to other sects.... and even disciples of the World Business Alliance and Void Spirit Sect. and even the disciples of the World Business Sect and the other sects and even the disciples of the World to the Cloud Hall.........
Because of these missions, Ning Yudie had been criticized by many Elders of the Cloud Hall.
. but Ning Yudie made them shut up with one sentence.
First of all, those rewards were paid by Ning Yudie. Moreover, Luo Zheng's importance to the Cloud Hall was self-evident. He had the strongest sect protection array in the entire Central Domain. This kind of talent would be worshipped like an ancestor in any sect. The Cloud Hall had no reason to not value him.
But even after mobilizing countless warriors to search for Luo Zheng, there was still no news. Luo Zheng seemed to have disappeared into thin air. A year later, Ning Yudie had no choice but to cancel this mission.
Even if she couldn't find Luo Zheng, Ning Yudie firmly believed that he would appear in front of her one day.
She just didn't expect that Luo Zheng would appear so suddenly and in such a timely manner …
"Are you done crying?" Luo Zheng stared at Ning Yudie's jade-like face and asked.
Ning Yudie's eyes were like pear blossoms with water. After her emotions were released like a floodgate, she gradually returned to her normal state. Thinking that she had lost her composure in front of Luo Zheng, her face suddenly became embarrassed. Her face blushed, and she turned away from Luo Zheng's embrace. She pursed her lips and asked, "Luo Zheng, where have you been these two years?"
Seeing Ning Yudie instantly return to her normal state with a serious and hurried look, Luo Zheng felt funny. However, he knew that Ning Yudie was thin-skinned. Perhaps speaking to him as the Hall Master was in line with her behavior.
Luo Zheng nodded, but then he smiled mischievously. "I went to a place you don't know."
Looking at Luo Zheng's mischievous smile, Ning Yudie's small mouth twitched. "Be serious! As a disciple of the Cloud Hall, you left the Cloud Hall without permission. According to the Cloud Hall's rules, you will be punished. "
Not far away, Xun heard Ning Yudie's words and couldn't help but roll her eyes. Compared to Ning Yudie, Xun's character was more straightforward. If she were Ning Yudie, she would definitely not talk to Luo Zheng like this. Why bother suppressing her innermost thoughts?
She should just hug Luo Zheng properly. She suppressed herself, but in the end, she was the one who suffered. She deserved it, Xun thought in her heart.
To put it bluntly, Xun thought that Ning Yudie was a little "pretentious".
However, Xun didn't understand Ning Yudie's experience growing up. Two equally outstanding women had completely different experiences growing up. Ning Yudie had almost become used to suppressing her innermost feelings. Just now, she was on the verge of collapse because she was too happy, so she broke down the fence that was suppressing herself. Now that she had calmed down, she naturally returned to her original self.
However, in Luo Zheng's eyes, Ning Yudie's "pretentious" behavior was a little cute. He still smiled and replied, "Then how will you punish me?"
Ning Yudie smiled. "I haven't thought about it yet! When I think about it, I will punish you! "
However, at this moment, Xun slowly floated over from the side and said to Ning Yudie, "How about I think about it for you?"
It wasn't that Ning Yudie didn't notice Xun's existence, but she was too far away to notice Xun's movements. She thought that Xun was just Luo Zheng's sword spirit. Now that Xun floated over and spoke, Ning Yudie was shocked.
After looking at Xun, she turned to Luo Zheng and asked, "Luo Zheng, what's the matter with your sword spirit?"
Luo Zheng shrugged. "As you can see, there is a soul in my sword spirit. You can say that she is the body of the sword spirit. Her name is Xun."
"Xun? Are you an alien? "Ning Yudie stared at Xun and asked. There was a hint of vigilance in her eyes.
Ning Yudie had been very curious for a long time. Why would Luo Zheng turn his sword spirit into such a beautiful woman? This woman, from her hair to her footsteps, from her face to her figure, was perfect except for a pair of pointed ears. Even Ning Yudie couldn't be compared with her. After all, Ning Yudie's height was a shortcoming.
Xun's height was almost the same as Luo Zheng's, so Ning Yudie was also a head shorter than Xun.
Xun glanced at Ning Yudie indifferently. How could she not feel a hint of hostility from Ning Yudie?
Ning Yudie had watched Luo Zheng enter the Cloud Hall and rise rapidly. She considered herself to be Luo Zheng's Hall Master, mentor, and guide. Moreover, she had already developed feelings of love for Luo Zheng. Therefore, when a strange woman suddenly appeared by Luo Zheng's side, even though she was only his sword spirit, she still felt some fear and vigilance.
Xun stood at a very high position, so she could see everything clearly. She had lived for a very long time, so she understood human nature better than Luo Zheng and Ning Yudie. Facing Ning Yudie's question, Xun smiled faintly. "Yes, I am from the Yao Ye Clan."
The Demon Clan and the Yao Clan had appeared in the Central Domain before, but the Yao Ye Clan had never appeared before. Ning Yudie was completely unfamiliar with this clan. Seeing Xun's smile, Ning Yudie felt a wave of displeasure. Therefore, she asked again, "Why are you staying by Luo Zheng's side?"
Xun blinked, a mischievous look in her eyes. Since you like to suppress your feelings, then I'll let you suppress it a little more. She giggled. "I am Luo Zheng's sword spirit. We were originally one."
Originally one … …
These words sounded very ambiguous, as if they were a conversation between lovers. Before Luo Zheng found a new body for Xun, Xun would always exist in the form of a sword spirit. Moreover, she would always reside in Luo Zheng's body.
Xun's words were indeed correct.
Ning Yudie frowned and stared at Luo Zheng. Clearly, she wanted Luo Zheng to explain the reason.
At this time, Luo Zheng said to Xun, "Xun, don't talk nonsense. It's a long story. I'll explain it to you later. Right now, you still have to deal with the Cloud Hall."

Chapter 702
"Something about the Cloud Hall? What's the matter? "Ning Yudie's eyes flashed.
"You'll know when we get out." Luo Zheng turned and walked towards the entrance of the ice palace.
At this moment, Ning Yudie and Xun looked at each other. Xun looked at Ning Yudie deeply. They seemed to understand something from each other's eyes.
Then, Xun turned into sword spirits and merged into Luo Zheng's body. Her consciousness was hidden in Luo Zheng's body. Her consciousness was curled up like a baby lying in Luo Zheng's body. Her face was slightly disappointed.
At this moment, Qinglong's consciousness secretly communicated with Xun. "Little girl, what are you disappointed about?"
Xun replied coldly, "Don't talk to me!"
The Azure Dragon was rebuffed and could only chuckle. On the other hand, the Red Dragon laughed and said, "This little girl also has something on her mind!"
"You keep calling me a little girl. Even if you're true dragons, you might not be older than me!" Xun replied coldly.
Xun was a half-step Sector Lord in the upper realm. Moreover, she was the ruler of the demon night clan. She was the spiritual totem of the entire demon night clan. With her experience, she really didn't care about the old dragons in Luo Zheng's mind.
Xun also knew about the true dragon world and the origin of the nine true dragons. However, they lived in Luo Zheng's mind while Xun was Luo Zheng's sword spirit. Everyone relied on Luo Zheng and didn't interfere with each other's business.
Now that Xun was in a bad mood, she wouldn't have anything good to say to them.
"You warriors don't measure your age by age. That's what mortals say. With your current attitude, if you're not a little girl, what are you? "Red Dragon didn't mind.
Xun closed her eyes and didn't say anything. She was still very depressed.
Luo Zheng naturally didn't know what had happened inside his body. Speaking of which, Luo Zheng's body was quite crowded. Not only were there nine true dragons, but there was also Smoke. As for the black fire in the mysterious furnace, it seemed to have its own consciousness, but its intelligence was relatively low …
Daoist Master Big Dream and the other two False Tribulation elders were still waiting outside the ice palace. The scene just now had truly frightened them.
However, Ning Yudie was finally alright, which was enough to make them feel gratified. As for the relationship between the Palace Master and Luo Zheng, they didn't need to guess. They could just pretend that they didn't see anything!
Fortunately, Ning Yudie didn't know that Daoist Master Big Dream and the others had already entered. Otherwise, she would have a psychological burden.
After strolling out of the Ice Palace, she faintly glanced at Daoist Dameng and immediately said, "Dameng, Luo Zheng said something happened in the Cloud Hall when I was attacking the Life and Death Realm. What happened? Was it serious? "
Daoist Master Big Dream hurriedly came forward and bowed before saying, "Replying to the Palace Master, a few days ago when you were attacking the Life and Death Realm, Mister Zhuo led the Zhuo, Fei, Shen, and other aristocratic families in a rebellion!"
"What!" Ning Yudie's expression changed. She didn't expect that a rebellion would happen when she was attacking the Life and Death Realm.
Although Ning Yudie already knew that Mister Zhuo wasn't convinced and was brooding over Ning Yudie's position, this had never happened in the Cloud Hall before.
However, such a thing had never happened in the history of Cloud Palace. One had to admit that Ning Yudie was too naive and inexperienced. If it were the previous Palace Masters of Cloud Palace, they would not have chosen to break through to Life and Death Realm at this time.
"However, the rebellion has already been quelled. Mister Zhuo was personally killed by Luo Zheng, and the other rebels have already been captured!" Daoist Master Big Dream reported.
Ning Yudie took a deep breath, and her expression gradually turned cold, "Looks like those third rank aristocratic families aren't convinced. Then let's make them understand who the Palace Master of the Cloud Hall is!"
Before long, the entire Cloud Hall slowly floated towards Cloud Sea City. The Cloud Hall floated above Cloud Sea City all year round, and it would only leave Cloud Sea City temporarily when something major happened.
Many third rank aristocratic families in Cloud Sea City were looking forward to it!
Although the rebellion was led by Mister Zhuo, it was also the result of the support of many third rank aristocratic families. All the third rank aristocratic families in Cloud Sea City were extremely disappointed that Ning Yudie had taken the position of Palace Master. This position originally belonged to the Zhuo Family, Chen Family, Fei Family, and Wu Family!
Now, it had fallen into the hands of an outsider, and it was even a little girl. How could these third rank aristocratic families swallow this insult?
So, as soon as Mister Zhuo stepped forward, he quickly obtained the support of the other third rank aristocratic families. The Patriarch of the Fei Family, Fei Longxiang, even personally stepped forward and participated in the rebellion. However, the dignified Patriarch of the Fei Family was instantly annihilated by Hua Tianming!
However, news of what happened in the Cloud Hall hadn't spread to Cloud Sea City. After the Cloud Hall left Cloud Sea City, all information about it had been completely sealed off. For the sake of avoiding any accidents, Mister Zhuo didn't allow any cultivators to enter or leave after he activated a barrier!
So, the news of Fei Longxiang's death and Mister Zhuo's death at the hands of Luo Zheng hadn't spread from the Cloud Hall, and many aristocratic families in Cloud Sea City weren't aware of it as well.
"Look! The Cloud Hall is back! "A cultivator from the Zhuo Family said.
"Looks like Mister Zhuo has probably succeeded. That little bitch Ning Yudie has probably been executed, right?" It was a cultivator from the Fei Family who spoke. He smacked his lips and said, "What a pity. Such a tasty beauty has fallen just like that. It's quite a waste!"
The Patriarch of the Chen Family said worriedly, "But the two deacons of the Cloud Sect reported that Luo Zheng went to the Cloud Hall a few days ago. Has Luo Zheng really returned?"
"Hmph! Luo Zheng? Even if he has returned, he might not be able to enter the Cloud Hall. That Sect Protecting Formation … "Another cultivator was halfway through his sentence when the Patriarch of the Chen Family interrupted him," The Sect Protecting Formation was set up by Luo Zheng himself. I presume Luo Zheng has a way to break it! "
At this moment, the Patriarch of the Wu Family said, "So what if he can break it? Mister Zhuo has led so many False Tribulation Realm experts. How can a mere Luo Zheng resist them? "
The Patriarch of the Chen Family shook his head, "I'm just slightly worried. I keep having a bad premonition."
"Don't worry. Once our Zhuo Family takes control of the Cloud Hall, our four great families won't be left behind!" A cultivator from the Zhuo Family said complacently. Once Mister Zhuo succeeded, his Zhuo Family would be the biggest beneficiary!
While they were speaking, the Cloud Hall had already floated to the sky above Cloud Sea City.
The Cloud Hall that had disappeared for a long time had returned. Many mortals walked out and looked up at it.
Even though these mortals lived in Cloud Sea City and there were countless cultivators around them, they didn't care much about the disputes, wars, and killings in the world of cultivators. In their eyes, the Cloud Hall would always be a lofty existence. Those who could enter the Cloud Hall were immortals who had been reborn and were worthy of their worship. As for the Cloud Hall itself, it was a miraculous existence and the most beautiful scenery in Cloud Sea City!
"Let's go up!" A cultivator from the Fei Family said with a smile.
"Let's go!"
"What's wrong with Mister Zhuo? Could it be that he doesn't even want to show his face after becoming the Hall Master?"
Swoosh! Swoosh! Swoosh!
Swoosh! Over 10 figures flew towards the Cloud Hall. But just as they were halfway there, they suddenly felt a dense cold energy envelop them.
That cold energy contained waves of killing intent, and it instantly caused their hearts to palpitate. Fear instantly transformed into sharp claws that grabbed their hearts.
Even those slow-witted mortals felt an extremely powerful aura emanate from the Cloud Hall.
There was an independent platform built at the edge of the Cloud Hall. That independent platform was extended by a stone pillar that was a few feet wide. Ning Yudie was standing on that small platform. She wore her Mystic Ice Armor, and her long Ice Phoenix Plume Pendant was about 10 meters long. It hung down from behind Ning Yudie and swayed in the air. Her straight and well-proportioned legs were pressed together.
Ning Yudie's cold gaze looked down at Cloud Sea City. At the same time, she suddenly released her aura. That extremely cold aura wasn't inferior to any male cultivator!
"This aura … It's a Life and Death Realm expert!"
"This is Ning Yudie's aura. She has succeeded in breaking through to the Life and Death Realm!"
"Oh no! Oh no! Did Mister Zhuo fail? Or did he not make a move? "

Chapter 703
As the Hall Master of the Cloud Hall, Ning Yudie already had absolute control over the Cloud Hall when she was at the late stage of the False Tribulation Realm.
The position of Hall Master was just an empty title. If she wanted to subdue the Elders, Deacons, and disciples of the Cloud Hall, she needed her own strength.
Ning Yudie's strength was only below Granny Yu's.
The great clans' calculations were very good. Taking advantage of Ning Yudie's tribulation to launch an attack, they chose the right time.
Because Ning Yudie chose to undergo tribulation at this time, the great clans even mocked Ning Yudie when they were plotting the rebellion. In the end, she was only a little girl. Although her talent was outstanding, she couldn't calculate the complexity of the human heart.
Unfortunately, luck wasn't on their side. Luo Zheng being able to appear at the right time was Luo Zheng's luck, and also Ning Yudie's luck!
Now that Ning Yudie had stepped into the Life and Death Realm, it was difficult for anyone in the Cloud Hall to have any thoughts of rebellion!
How complicated were the feelings of the great clans' Clan Heads at this moment? How fearful were they?
Ning Yudie's body gently tilted forward, her entire body falling head first towards the ground. Her long Ice Phoenix feathers trailed behind her, making her look like a Phoenix descending from the sky.
Soon after, Luo Zheng, Daoist Dameng, and the group of False Tribulation Realm Elders followed closely behind. They left the Cloud Hall one after another and flew towards the martial artists of the great clans.
After landing to a certain distance, Ning Yudie suddenly froze in mid-air, staring coldly at the Patriarchs and said, "Mister Zhuo has already been executed, I don't know what the Patriarchs have to say about the rebellion. What explanation do you have for the rebellion? Don't tell me that you didn't know about it? "
The Cloud Hall was above the Cloud Sea City, and it also protected the great clans' steady development. The two sides complemented each other, and now it had come to this.
The Family Heads of the third rank families all stared blankly at Ning Yudie. They were all speechless!
The heads of these aristocratic families all had families and mouths to feed. If it wasn't for the fact that they had absolute confidence, they wouldn't have tried to overthrow Ning Yudie. But now, they realized that this so-called "absolute confidence" was nothing more than a joke.
"I know that all of you feel that the Cloud Hall is in my hands, and it has always been a thorn in your hearts." Ning Yudie continued, "But today, I want to say that the Cloud Hall doesn't belong to your Fei Clan, nor does it belong to the Shen Clan. The Cloud Hall is the Cloud Hall. It's a fifth-grade sect in Cloud Sea City!"
In the eyes of these aristocratic families, the Cloud Hall had to belong to them. Indeed, in the early days of the Cloud Hall, these aristocratic families had made great contributions to the Cloud Hall. But when these aristocratic families promoted the Cloud Hall, they obtained considerable benefits as well!
However, they'd forgotten that they weren't the only people in the Cloud Hall. There were many cultivators from other regions as well. If a sect wanted to flourish, it absolutely couldn't rely on just a few aristocratic families. It had to rely on tens of thousands of cultivators, countless elites, and geniuses to develop bit by bit!
The expressions of the Family Heads dimmed. They didn't even have the chance to escape, and they could only be at Ning Yudie's disposal. They'd developed in Cloud Sea City for so many years, and their foundations were deeply rooted in the city. How could they leave so easily?
Not to mention that they were in troubled times now, and they could still preserve their lives under the protection of the Cloud Hall. If they left Cloud Sea City, it would be impossible for a third rank family to find a place to stay.
It didn't take long for the Family Heads to lower their heads. Among them, the Chen Family Head said, "I'm at your disposal, Hall Master."
Ning Yudie grunted coldly, "Since it's like that, then your four aristocratic families will be removed from the Cloud Hall! Exterminated!"
As soon as Ning Yudie spoke, the expressions of the cultivators from the Zhuo, Chen, Fei, and Wu Families changed drastically.
Not only that, but the expressions of Daoist Dameng, Luo Zheng, and the Void Tribulation Realm cultivators behind them changed drastically as well. Never had they imagined that Ning Yudie would actually be so ruthless!
The Chen Family Head knew that he would face severe punishment from Ning Yudie. Rebellion was unforgivable in any sect. However, he thought that since the four aristocratic families were the pillars of the Cloud Hall, they were inextricably linked to the Cloud Hall. Most of the cultivators from the four aristocratic families were in the Cloud Hall. From disciples to Deacons to Elders, there were people from the four aristocratic families!
Even among the Elders behind Ning Yudie, there were people from the four aristocratic families, such as Fei Han and the others. However, although Fei Han belonged to the Fei Family, he strongly opposed the rebellion. In the end, he chose a neutral position and didn't want to help.
Even if Ning Yudie wanted to punish them, it was impossible for her to truly exterminate the four aristocratic families. That would implicate too many people.
They never imagined that Ning Yudie would directly make such an announcement. Naturally, they were frightened.
Seeing the dark faces of these Family Heads, Ning Yudie sneered and said, "Now, do you know fear?"
"Hall Master, our four aristocratic families …" The Wu Family Head was about to speak.
Ning Yudie simply interrupted the Wu Family Head's words, "Shut up! When you rebelled, you naturally wanted to take my life, so why can't I take your lives today? Could it be … you think that because I, Ning Yudie, am a woman, you can bully me? "
Ning Yudie's words hit the nail on the head. They really thought that she was a little girl, too easy to bully!
Only now did they understand that Ning Yudie's methods weren't inferior to any of the previous Hall Masters.
"Hall Master, now that the Tian Xie Sect is closing in step by step, the Cloud Hall is in need of people. Isn't this too …" Daoist Master Dameng stood up and pleaded for leniency on behalf of the four aristocratic families.
There were too many people who wanted to move against the four aristocratic families. If Ning Yudie really did this, the entire Cloud Hall would be in chaos. He was afraid that Ning Yudie would really throw a tantrum and ignore the big picture.
Ning Yudie sneered and continued, "Big Dream is right. Since that's the case, your heads will be put on my tab. Also … those elders who were captured, your four aristocratic families can redeem them with ransom. One thousand top-grade true essence stones per person!"
Ning Yudie naturally wouldn't do such a stupid thing. She also calculated that someone would come out to stop her. Throwing out such ruthless words was just to scare people. When Daoist Master Dameng came out, she would use Daoist Master Dameng's words as a way to step down and then take the opportunity to extort them.
Under this kind of carrot and stick, the effect was really surprisingly good.
It had to be said that at this time, even Luo Zheng and Daoist Master Dameng admired Ning Yudie. They also admired Grandma Yu's vision even more. Ning Yudie indeed had the ability to take charge of the Cloud Hall. This ability wasn't just worthy of Ning Yudie's talent.
When the several family heads heard Ning Yudie's words, they immediately breathed a sigh of relief. The Hall Master intended to let them go, but when they heard that one thousand top-grade true essence stones would be used to redeem one person, their faces suddenly revealed a bitter expression.
Top-grade true essence stones were the largest currency in the Central Domain. Even when these Patriarchs passed through their hands, they would only use medium-grade and high-grade true essence stones to settle their transactions. A single top-grade true essence stone was equal to a million low-grade true essence stones, and a thousand top-grade true essence stones were equal to a billion low-grade true essence stones!
In the past, the Cloud Hall had spent several thousand top-grade true essence stones in order to cooperate with Luo Zheng in drawing up the Sect Protecting Great Array. It had almost taken away half of the Cloud Hall's wealth. The entire Cloud Hall only had a little over ten thousand top-grade true essence stones!
However, the four great families were different from the Cloud Hall. Each family had their own businesses and businesses. Under the protection of the Cloud Hall, their annual income was quite rich. However, if one person was worth one thousand top-grade true essence stones, then twenty Virtual Tribulation Realm martial artists would be worth over twenty thousand top-grade true essence stones!
Even if the four great families emptied their pockets, it would still be difficult to gather this much!
"Hall Master … this, this is too expensive! I'm afraid our Wu Family won't be able to gather this much! "The Wu Family Head said with a bitter expression.
Ning Yudie coldly snorted, "Whether you can gather enough or not, you can think of a way. If you can't gather enough, then kill the rest!"
The family heads exchanged glances, not knowing what to say. Ning Yudie's action seemed benevolent, but in fact, she was taking advantage of the opportunity to seize all of the savings of the four great families!
Martial artists also recognized money. After their family's wealth was emptied, the impact the four great families would suffer was unimaginable.
Seeing the bitter expressions of the family heads, Luo Zheng floated in front of Ning Yudie and said with a grin, "If you can't gather enough, I have a way to help you!"
"What way?" The Wu Family Head stared at Luo Zheng and asked.
Luo Zheng chuckled, "Pay in installments."
＝＝＝＝＝

Chapter 704
The Cloud Hall's main purpose was to nurture stronger martial artists, and its main source of income was the issuance of various missions.
Disciples would receive rewards after accepting missions, but the bulk of the rewards would fall into the hands of the Cloud Hall. However, this method of earning money was obviously not as fast as those aristocratic families.
The various clans and clans had their own mines, ticket companies, and even the teleportation formations in Ocean of Clouds City were built by them. For example, the teleportation formation between Ocean of Clouds City and Heavenly Awakening City had to pay a toll for every single person who entered it.
Moreover, Cloud Sea City had tens of millions of mortals. Although these mortals couldn't compare to martial artists, and the currency they used to trade with was gold and silver, it was still an astronomical figure. This gold and silver could be slowly converted into low-grade true essence stones during the process of trading with martial artists, and then converged into mid-grade true essence stones, and finally fell into the hands of the aristocratic families.
These aristocratic families really couldn't take out so many top-grade true essence stones in a single breath. Even the Cloud Hall couldn't take out 20,000 top-grade true essence stones in a single breath, but it didn't matter. Luo Zheng's plan was very simple. If they couldn't take it out, they would owe it and pay a portion of it every year.
"Remember, there's still interest!" Luo Zheng smiled faintly.
When the several Family Heads heard Luo Zheng's words, the corners of their mouths twitched. Ning Yudie was already fierce enough, and this Luo Zheng wasn't much worse. How could the younger generation be so fierce? Their cultivation speed was terrifying, their talent and strength were frightening, and all of them were ruthless masters!
But today, they had to accept it even if they didn't want to. How could they have a choice?
After reaching an agreement, these Family Heads hurriedly returned home to gather true essence stones. Luo Zheng didn't stay, but went straight to the Cloud Hall. Before this, he didn't have much time to gather with Hua Tianming and the others. A few days ago, he was worried about Ning Yudie, so he didn't say a word to Hua Tianming and the others. Now that he was back, he naturally had to have a good chat.
Ning Yudie originally wanted to call out to Luo Zheng, but when the words reached her mouth, she swallowed them back down.
When Daoist Big Dream saw Ning Yudie's expression, he naturally didn't dare to speak. Personal feelings, personal feelings, as subordinates, it wasn't good for them to get involved.
In a small pavilion in the Cloud Hall, Luo Zheng, Hua Tianming, Pei Tianyao, and Baili Hongfeng were gathered together. The table was filled with exquisite dishes and strong liquor. With their cultivation, even if they drank a hundred barrels of strong liquor, they would not get drunk, but they had not seen each other for a long time, so they had to drink to liven things up.
Hua Tianming downed the wine in his cup and wiped it with his sleeve. He smiled bitterly and said, "I thought I might be able to fight you after I opened my Sword Eye. Now, it seems like I was thinking too much."
This was Hua Tianming's personality, he would never admit defeat!
When he was in the Blue Cloud Sect, Hua Tianming treated Pei Tianyao and Luo Zheng as his biggest rivals. But, after he left the Blue Cloud Sect and entered the Cloud Hall, Hua Tianming gradually surpassed Pei Tianyao. But, during the Martial Dao Competition in Heavenly Awakening City, Hua Tianming realized that the gap between him and Luo Zheng was getting bigger and bigger. They were no longer on the same level.
Even so, Hua Tianming didn't give up. He still focused on comprehending the Heavenly Sword he was cultivating.
This continued until Hua Tianming awakened his Heavenly Eye, allowing him to gather the Force of the Heavens!
With this, Hua Tianming's overall strength had skyrocketed!
How many people in the Central Domain could kill three Void Tribulation warriors with a single strike? What was even scarier was that Hua Tianming was only at the Mid Divine Core realm! A Mid Divine Core warrior was equivalent to a fifth to sixth rank warrior. Even Luo Zheng couldn't do this when he was at his current level!
At this moment, Hua Tianming felt that he could fight Luo Zheng. But, Luo Zheng had been missing for a long time, and he had no idea what level Luo Zheng had reached.
But, two years later, Luo Zheng had reappeared, and his cultivation had reached the Void Tribulation realm. The gap between him and Luo Zheng wasn't shrinking, it was growing.
"Brother Hua Tianming, don't underestimate yourself. With your Heavenly Eye, as long as you have enough time, let alone a Void Tribulation warrior, even a Life and Death warrior won't be able to withstand it, right?" Luo Zheng said with a smile.
Hua Tianming shook his head, "I know my own strength. Besides, there are too many restrictions when using the Heavenly Eye, and I can only unleash a single strike. When fighting a warrior, I won't have enough time to unleash a second strike. You, can you dodge my first strike?"
There was a limit to everything in the world. Hua Tianming's Heavenly Sword was indeed a heaven-defying skill, but it was impossible for it to be perfect. If a Divine Core warrior could really kill a Life and Death warrior, then the world would be thrown into chaos.
As long as his opponent could dodge Hua Tianming's first strike, his strength would only be equivalent to an ordinary Divine Core genius. Hearing Hua Tianming's words, Luo Zheng nodded his head. It was useless to be modest with Hua Tianming, Luo Zheng was confident that he could dodge his first strike.
"I, I can dodge it too!" At this moment, Baili Hongfeng who was standing aside spoke. He was quite confident in his movement skill.
Hua Tianming gazed at Red Maple coldly. "Indeed, you can dodge my first strike, but so what?"
Red Maple's movement skill was indeed strange. Even some False Tribulation Realm warriors couldn't unleash such a powerful movement skill. However, rather than describing it as a movement skill, Red Maple's movement skill was more like an escape skill. His strength was far weaker than Hua Tianming's, so even if he could dodge Hua Tianming's first strike, he still had no chance of winning if he fought Hua Tianming head on.
Hearing Hua Tianming's words, Red Maple immediately shut his mouth. On the other hand, a faint smile emerged on Pei Tianyao's face, as if he was used to their conversation.
"Oh right, I have some gifts for you guys." Luo Zheng suddenly said.
"What is it? What is it?!" Hearing this, Red Maple immediately stared at Luo Zheng with his eyes lit up.
"You don't have a share!" Hua Tianming coldly said.
Red Maple revealed a pitiful expression. "Why don't I have a share …"
Luo Zheng immediately took out a longsword from his spatial ring. This was a low-grade saint rank longsword. This longsword wasn't the one Luo Zheng obtained in the True Dragon World, but rather from the Purple Heart Holy Land.
On the Sea God Continent, saint artifact level weapons weren't too rare. In the Sin Tower, almost all of the geniuses were equipped with saint artifacts. Of course, they were all low-grade saint artifacts. There were a few martial artists that were equipped with medium-grade saint artifacts, but high-grade saint artifacts were still very rare. In comparison, the martial artists of the Central Domain were a bit shabby.
In the entire Central Domain, there weren't many saint artifacts. There were only a few low-grade saint artifacts, but they were still treasures among treasures. They could almost become the most precious treasures of a sect. It was even believed that saint artifacts could bring great fortune to a sect.
So when Luo Zheng took out this low-grade saint rank longsword, Hua Tianming and Red Maple's eyes widened. Even the usually calm Pei Tianyao's eyes were wide open!
"Luo Zheng, you aren't planning on giving this sword to Hua Tianming, are you? Giving it to him is too wasteful! "Red Maple quickly said.
"What did you say!" Hua Tianming coldly glared at Red Maple, a faint sword shadow condensing in his eyes.
Red Maple's figure suddenly flashed and disappeared from his position, hiding behind Pei Tianyao. "That's right! Giving you a saint artifact is a waste! It's better to give it to me! "
"Luo Zheng, is this the gift you were talking about?" Pei Tianyao asked cautiously.
"Give this sword to Hua Tianming. What a swordsman needs the most is a good sword." Luo Zheng was also a swordsman, so he was very clear about the importance of a sword to a swordsman.
Hua Tianming took a deep breath, his eyes full of fanaticism. He firmly stared at the low-grade saint artifact, but in the end, he shook his head. "Luo Zheng, I can't accept it. A saint artifact is too precious!"
Even the Cloud Hall and the World Business Alliance only had one or two saint artifacts. But this saint artifact was going to be given to Hua Tianming. In Hua Tianming's eyes, this couldn't be described as precious, but he couldn't think of any other words to describe it.
Looking at Hua Tianming's eyes, he couldn't wait to swallow the sword. Luo Zheng smiled. "Don't refuse. A saint artifact may be precious in your eyes, but it's nothing to me."
"Nothing to you …" Red Maple felt his jaw drop to the ground. "Luo Zheng, where have you been for the past two years?!"
Pei Tianyao was also speechless.
After Luo Zheng took out the low-grade saint artifact, he also took out a pair of short swords. There were a total of four short swords, but they were a pair of mother and child swords. So normally, there were only two mother swords, and the other two child swords were sheathed in the mother sword.
"This pair of short swords is also a low-grade saint artifact." Luo Zheng finished speaking and glanced at Red Maple.
"It can't be, it can't be for me, right?" Red Maple looked at the pair of short swords, his whole body trembling.

Chapter 705
There were only three people in front of Luo Zheng. Hua Tianming was a swordsman, so he definitely didn't use this kind of short sword. Pei Tianyao didn't use a sword at all.
The only person who was suitable to use this kind of short sword was Red Maple.
How could he not be excited when he saw this pair of short swords?
Red Maple was most proud of his elusive movement technique. However, his strength wasn't strong enough. In the end, his elusive movement technique could only be used as a means to escape.
If he had a pair of sacred tools, he could make up for his weakness in attack.
Luo Zheng smiled and nodded to Red Maple.
Red Maple's hands stretched out like lightning. Even Luo Zheng didn't see it clearly before the pair of short swords fell into his hands. Such speed made Luo Zheng and the others feel ashamed. Hua Tianming stared at Red Maple.
Pei Tianyao was the most steady. He had a faint smile on his face. His cultivation technique focused on cultivating Buddha's nature. When he was in the Blue Cloud Sect, his strength was higher than Hua Tianming's.
However, the inheritance of Buddhism wasn't prosperous. Even the most famous Ten Thousand Law Temple could barely be considered a third grade sect. It lacked a way to improve, so Pei Tianyao could only rely on his Buddha's nature to comprehend. Relatively speaking, his speed of improvement was slower than Hua Tianming's.
Pei Tianyao didn't use any weapons. Instead, Luo Zheng had prepared a low-grade sacred artefact defensive artefact for him. This defensive artefact could be used in tandem with his Indestructible Body, allowing his defensive power to reach a terrifying level.
However, even if the three of them obtained low-grade sacred tools, they didn't dare to use them in front of others.
The Central Domain wasn't like the Sea God Continent. There were pitifully few sacred tools. Only Life and Death Realm experts or late False Tribulation Realm experts were qualified to possess sacred tools. If they took these sacred tools out to carry out missions, others would probably shift their attention to them.
While the 4 of them were having a small gathering here, a woman with an elegant expression was slowly descending into the city.
After Luo Zheng left Xi Youqin in Sunfire City, she hesitated for a long time before flying towards Ocean of Clouds City.
It just so happened that the world was in chaos. Along the way, people saw that she was a delicate girl who didn't have the slightest bit of Jianghu habits and didn't know much about the rules. Naturally, she was targeted by many martial artists.
If it was the previous Xi Youqin, then it would be practically impossible for her to arrive safely at Ocean of Clouds City. However, after she fully activated the Extreme Violet Yin Physique, her strength was extremely formidable.
Those warriors who had their eyes on Xi Youqin were out of luck. Initially, they thought Xi Youqin was an inexperienced warrior, and even if she was a Divine Core warrior, she wouldn't pose a threat to them. However, when she attacked, she immediately unleashed hundreds of gigantic swords, instantly turning them into minced meat. They didn't even have a chance to escape!
The most exaggerated thing was when she passed by Wild Goose City a day ago.
Wild Goose City was a very small city, and there wasn't even a single sect around it.
The situation in the Central Domain had been very unstable for the past two years, and some independent warriors didn't want to join any big sects or Seductive Sect. Therefore, they settled down in some small cities, and some even formed their own sects. However, these small sects weren't recognized by any of the big sects in the Central Domain.
These independent warriors weren't restricted by any sects, and most of them weren't good people. Instead of calling Wild Goose City a city, it was more accurate to call it a bandit's nest, and they specialized in robbing warriors who passed by.
If it was in the past, some fourth or even fifth grade sects would come and clean up these bandit's nests. With the overall strength of the Cloud Hall and Void Spirit Sect, cleaning up these bandit's nests was just a simple task. But now, these big sects couldn't even take care of themselves, so how could they have the time to do something like this?
Xi Youqin didn't know what was going on, so she just barged into the city. She wanted to take a short rest before continuing her journey to Ocean of Clouds City.
Just like before, no matter where she went, there would be people eyeing her. She instantly killed dozens of independent warriors in Wild Goose City!
After killing these independent warriors, Xi Youqin could only set off in a panic. Even though she had killed many people along the way, she was still not used to such slaughter. It was said that the world of warriors was cruel, and she was well aware of that. But after experiencing it for herself, she finally understood that this cruelty was practically unbearable for her.
However, Xi Youqin didn't expect that she would stir up a hornet's nest by killing those warriors. Most of the warriors in Wild Goose City were independent warriors who had gathered here. When they heard the commotion, they rushed over one by one. When she saw that more and more people were surrounding her, Xi Youqin had no choice but to summon over a million giant swords!
The might of a single giant sword was already so shocking. Over a hundred giant swords were enough to annihilate everything within 300 meters of her! The might of over a million giant swords that suddenly slashed down was almost unimaginable!
The entire Wild Goose City was obliterated by the giant swords she summoned, and the tens of thousands of independent warriors in Wild Goose City were obliterated along with them!
The Extreme Violet Yin Physique really did possess the might to destroy the world.
When she saw this scene, even Xi Youqin was shocked. She staggered out of Wild Goose City and ran madly towards Cloud Sea City. Her flying speed was too slow, so Xi Youqin only arrived at Cloud Sea City now.
After arriving at Cloud Sea City, Xi Youqin didn't really want to enter the city. She couldn't understand why every single warrior was targeting her.
After observing Cloud Sea City for a while, Xi Youqin discovered the Cloud Hall above the city.
"If Luo Zheng wants to return to Cloud Sea City, then he should naturally be in the Cloud Hall right now!" Xi Youqin's eyes flashed, and she circulated her True Essence and flew towards the Cloud Hall.
However, she had just flown halfway when she discovered that she seemed to be blocked by a transparent barrier.
"Is this barrier the Great Sect Protection Array set up by Luo Zheng?" Although Xi Youqin had never left Void Sky City, she was still quite knowledgeable. She could speak eloquently about the various Sects in the Central Domain, but she lacked the necessary experience.
When she thought of Luo Zheng, Xi Youqin's expression became complicated. Then, she circled around the barrier and arrived at the entrance of the Cloud Hall.
There were several guards standing at the entrance. When those guards discovered that there was someone outside the Cloud Hall, one of them flew over and asked in a stern voice, "Who is loitering outside the Cloud Hall? Leave immediately!"
Xi Youqin faintly felt wronged when she was scolded like this. Even when she went to the Void Spirit Sect, who would dare to scold her like this to her face? Ever since she left Void Sky City, she suddenly discovered that everything had changed.
It was just that along the way, Xi Youqin had suffered a lot. If it were in the past, she would have taught this guard a lesson on the spot. Naturally, there would be someone around her who would stand up for her. However, she was all alone now, and she didn't know what to do.
"I, I'm here to find Luo Zheng," Xi Youqin replied timidly.
"Looking for Luo Zheng? Hasn't Luo Zheng been missing for a long time? He's not in the Cloud Hall! "The guard replied.
Although the Cloud Hall was in an uproar during this period of time, most of it was concentrated in the middle and upper levels. This guard was just an ordinary warrior in the Cloud Hall. He didn't know that Luo Zheng had returned to the Cloud Hall. In the past two years, there were indeed many people who visited Luo Zheng, such as those from the Runic Tower. They were mainly rune masters who came because of Luo Zheng's reputation. This guard would always use the same excuse to drive them away.
"What? Luo Zheng isn't in the Cloud Hall? "Xi Youqin's expression changed, and she frowned deeply.
Luo Zheng had been pursued all along the way, and his objective was to return to Ocean of Clouds City. He'd even been able to escape Cui Xie's pursuit, so was there anything in the central territory that could obstruct him? It was impossible that Luo Zheng hadn't returned to the Cloud Hall. This guard must be deceiving her!
Thinking of this, Xi Youqin's voice gradually turned cold. "Don't lie to me. Tell Luo Zheng to come out!" However, she was wrong. She thought that Luo Zheng had told these guards that Luo Zheng didn't want to see her.
Why would Xi Youqin follow him all the way here?
Although she hated Luo Zheng to the core, she was still a traditional woman. Deep down, she felt that Luo Zheng owed her something. But, Xi Youqin couldn't figure out what she wanted from Luo Zheng.
"I told you, Luo Zheng is missing, he isn't in the Cloud Hall!" The guard didn't fall for Xi Youqin's trick. Although Xi Youqin was a Divine Core warrior, with this barrier, even a Life and Death warrior wouldn't be able to break in, let alone a mere Divine Core warrior. What can you do to me?
Xi Youqin approached the barrier and said with a gloomy expression, "I'll say it again, tell Luo Zheng to come out! Tell him to come see me! "

Chapter 706
Xi Youqin floated outside the boundary, her eyes constantly flashing, and she seemed to be in a daze. No one knew what she was thinking.
"Second Brother Zhao, that woman is so beautiful. Why don't you talk to her more?" A guard asked.
The previous guard snorted, "We don't have that blessing. That woman is obviously from a big family. She came here to look for Luo Zheng. How can we get close to her? I just don't know what Luo Zheng owes her. She actually came to the Cloud Hall alone. "
"Should we inform the higher-ups about this?" Another guard asked.
"I don't think so. The Hall Master is busy these days! Let's guard the entrance and not let anyone enter the Cloud Hall! "Another guard said.
The guards discussed in low voices, but their eyes were focused on Xi Youqin. Standing guard here was indeed a tedious job, and it wasn't bad to have such an elegant and clean beauty to feast their eyes on.
Xi Youqin lowered her head. After a while, she suddenly raised her head. With a wave of her hand, a crack appeared in the sky. A giant sword appeared from the crack and slashed towards the Cloud Hall's barrier!
"Dong!"
When the huge sword hit the barrier, a muffled sound rang out, and then a layer of shallow water ripples appeared on the barrier of Abundant Light.
"F * ck!"
The guards were shocked by this sudden scene. They didn't expect this woman to be so bold. They didn't let her in and she directly attacked the Cloud Hall's barrier!
No matter what, the Cloud Hall was still a fifth-grade sect. She broke in here and attacked the Cloud Hall's barrier. Wasn't she courting death?
"Hey, I said, hurry up and leave! Let me give you a piece of advice. Don't cause trouble in my Cloud Hall. I'm just reminding you out of kindness. Later, you won't be able to leave even if you want to! "A guard warned Xi Youqin.
Xi Youqin ignored the guard's warning. She gently pointed her finger. This time, ten cracks appeared in the sky. Then, ten giant swords drilled out from the cracks and heavily slashed towards the barrier!
"Dong Dong …"
When these ten giant swords slashed down at the same time, the force of their attacks increased by tenfold. Not only were the guards frightened, it had also alerted everyone in the Cloud Hall.
Soon, two Divine Core deacons rushed out from the Cloud Hall's entrance. They threw a cold glance at Xi Youqin. "Who's causing trouble here?"
Xi Youqin didn't listen to them. This time, she summoned more than a hundred giant swords and fiercely slashed them at the barrier.
"Bang!"
The force of these swords were slashes, causing the barrier to ripples on the surface of the barrier!
What's more, Xi Xi Youqin's, and her's attack was and's in a war's between the sects! For example, if she summoned a million giant swords to slash down together, she might be able to destroy the entire city, but she wouldn't be able to kill Luo Zheng.
If this was a sect war, with so many giant swords slashing down at the same time, the other side would probably only have a few top experts left. The rest would all be chopped into meat paste by the giant swords.
"Stop!"
"You're courting death!"
"Do you know where you are?!"
Hearing the deacons' shouts, Xi Youqin didn't show any signs of stopping. This time, more than a thousand giant swords slashed down at the barrier!
When these thousands of giant swords slashed down at the same time, the force of their attack was extremely frightening. It was almost as powerful as Cui Xie's punch. However, Cui Xie's punch was focused on a single point, while these thousands of giant swords were scattered across the barrier in front of Xi Youqin!
However, the barrier was originally meant to disperse the force, allowing the entire barrier to bear the brunt of the attack. Therefore, Xi Youqin's attack wasn't any weaker than Cui Xie's punch. The entire barrier's' surface suddenly rippled with raging waves. At the same time, the top grade true essence stones maintaining the 'Abundant Light's' barrier were rapidly consumed.
Luo Zheng was originally chatting with Hua Tianming. In these two years, Hua Tianming and the others had experienced many things. Among them, they had narrowly escaped death twice. At this moment, Luo Zheng suddenly saw ripples appear on the barrier above the Cloud Hall!
To be able to make the 'Abundant Light's' ripples spread to such an extent, perhaps a Life and Death expert was attacking the barrier. Could it be Cui Xie?
Luo Zheng's expression changed, and he rushed towards the direction of the ripples.
At the same time Luo Zheng rushed over, Ning Yudie, Daoist Big Dream, and a group of Cloud Hall's elders also rushed over.
"Luo Zheng, what's going on?" On the way, Ning Yudie asked Luo Zheng.
"I'm also not sure. In the Central Domain, only a Life and Death expert could make the Abundant Light react this violently!" Luo Zheng said with a cautious expression.
There were only a few Life and Death Realm experts in the Central Region. In fact, one could count them with two hands. But, if it was Cui Xie, someone would have informed the Central Region a long time ago. But, who was the one who attacked the barrier?
Just as Luo Zheng arrived in front of the Cloud Hall's entrance, he saw over ten thousand huge swords appear out of thin air outside the barrier!
When Ning Yudie, Luo Zheng, and Daoist Big Dream saw over ten thousand huge swords, their complexions changed greatly. With so many huge swords falling at the same time, they might really be able to cut through the Abundant Light!
"Who dares to attack my Cloud Hall!" Ning Yudie said angrily with a sullen face. They had already seen a woman in plain clothes outside the barrier.
When Luo Zheng saw those huge swords, he immediately thought of Si Miaoling. In the blink of an eye, he also saw Xi Youqin, and his complexion changed greatly. At this time, he couldn't care less and immediately roared at Xi Youqin, "You, stop!"
When Xi Youqin heard Luo Zheng's voice, her face lit up with joy. However, when she saw Luo Zheng's angry appearance, her face immediately darkened. This man had never treated her well!
However, she still stopped. With a light flick of her finger, all the huge swords dissipated in the air.
Ning Yudie had already planned to attack. She just wanted to kill this woman before the huge swords fell! No matter who this woman was, she dared to destroy the Cloud Hall's barrier, she was courting death!
Although these huge swords were powerful and could destroy the Cloud Hall's barrier, they couldn't hurt Ning Yudie. At least she had enough time to go around these huge swords, find an opening, and kill this woman.
However, after hearing Luo Zheng's roar, the woman actually stopped. Ning Yudie was also somewhat surprised. Luo Zheng knew this woman?
Xi Youqin bit her lips, stared at Luo Zheng and asked, "You're willing to come out to see me?"
"If you wanted to see me, why didn't you let me pass the message?" Luo Zheng angrily stared at the woman in front of him. "Are you so stupid that you don't even have a brain?"
Xi Youqin pointed at the guards. "They said you weren't in the Cloud Hall. I thought you were hiding and didn't want to see me …"
Luo Zheng turned around and stared at the guards. The guards immediately said with a bitter face, "Luo Zheng, Lord Luo Zheng, we didn't know you were back! Naturally, we answered that way! " These guards were scared to death just now. If this matter really caused the Cloud Hall's barrier to be destroyed, their sins would be great.
Luo Zheng snorted. Then, he stared at Xi Youqin and asked, "Why are you looking for me?"
Everyone was also curious. Why was this woman looking for Luo Zheng?
Xi Youqin thought for a moment, then she shook her head and said, "I don't know …"
Daoist Dameng and the other Sect Elders of the Cloud Hall had interesting expressions on their faces. They had all lived for many years, and they could roughly guess what was going on. Luo Zheng had been flirting with women, and now, his woman had come looking for him! Not long ago, Daoist Dameng had witnessed Luo Zheng hugging Ning Yudie, and he had no idea how this was going to end.
Of course, the one who had a headache wasn't them, it was Luo Zheng.
Ning Yudie looked at the woman with a complicated expression, then she asked, "Are you the young lady from the Xi family?"
The huge swords Xi Youqin summoned just now were exactly the same as when Si Miaoling fought with Luo Zheng a few years ago. Therefore, Ning Yudie had guessed that this woman possessed the Extreme Violet Yin Body. However, this woman was only an Early Divine Core warrior, but she was able to summon so many huge swords. She was much stronger than Si Miaoling.
Currently, there were only three people with the Extreme Violet Yin Body in the Central Domain. Two of them were in the hands of Cui Xie, and the last one was the great-granddaughter of Daoist Qing Xu. That was why Ning Yudie had made such a guess.
Hearing that Ning Yudie had guessed her identity, Xi Youqin quickly said, "That's right, I'm Xi Youqin!"
She thought by telling her name, everyone would believe her. However, Ning Yudie just looked at her with a strange expression and asked, "You don't know why you're looking for Luo Zheng, and why you're here in the Cloud Hall?"
＝＝＝＝＝

Chapter 707
As a woman, how sensitive was Ning Yudie in this aspect?
Actually, when she saw Xi Youqin's eyes, she already had some clues.
Because she was busy dealing with the Cloud Hall's affairs, she did not have time to talk to Luo Zheng in detail. Where did Luo Zheng go for the past two years? Why did he suddenly appear? What exactly happened in the Heavenly Mist Immortal Tomb?
She was prepared to have a good talk with Luo Zheng after she finished dealing with the matters.
Unexpectedly, at this time, the eldest daughter of the Xi Family suddenly came to the Cloud Hall to look for Luo Zheng. It seemed that something must have happened between the two of them …
Ning Yudie had more or less heard about the Xi Family's eldest daughter. Some time ago, she even suggested to the Void Spirit Sect to quickly let this woman get married. She had the Extreme Purple Yin Body. If she fell into Cui Xie's hands, the consequences would be unimaginable. Moreover, Luo Yan would probably suffer as well.
But why did Luo Zheng know this woman? And when Luo Zheng returned to the Cloud Hall, this woman followed Luo Zheng back …
Hearing Ning Yudie's words, Xi Youqin's face revealed a bashful expression. Although she had a bad temper and was willful, she was still a daughter of a respectable family. How could she say such things in front of so many people?
Xi Youqin's bashfulness deepened Xi Youqin's guess. Suddenly, Ning Yudie's voice turned cold. "Remove the barrier and let her in!"
Under Ning Yudie's command, the Cloud Hall's barrier was temporarily removed. After Xi Youqin entered the barrier, the barrier once again enveloped the Cloud Hall.
After Xi Youqin entered the barrier, she flew directly towards Luo Zheng.
Luo Zheng's scalp instantly went numb. He did not know how to deal with this matter at all.
In the underground palace, Luo Zheng did such a ridiculous thing in a fit of anger! Moreover, at that time, he was being pressured by Cui Xie and Wu Zhanhe. He was afraid that Xi Youqin would fall into the hands of Cui Xie, and the consequences would be unimaginable. In the end, he chose to take away this woman's primordial yin.
Luo Zheng's motive was correct, but it was unfair to this woman.
What's more, Luo Zheng couldn't deny that Xi Youqin was Luo Zheng's first woman!
Xi Youqin didn't care about other people's expressions. She gently floated over and leaned against Luo Zheng's side. Her head was also lowered, like a child who had done something wrong.
When Ning Yudie saw this, a trace of anger suddenly emerged in her eyes, and her face was suddenly covered with a layer of frost!
It's just that as the Hall Master, she didn't dare to express her emotions too strongly. What's more, Ning Yudie had very little control over her emotions. She forcibly suppressed her unhappy mood. Instead, there was a faint smile on her face, but she seemed to be gritting her teeth as she asked, "Miss Xi, you still have to tell me, why did you follow me to the Cloud Hall?"
Daoist Master Dameng and the other Elders looked at each other. The expression on Ning Yudie's face changed unpredictably, but how could they not understand?
It was reasonable to say that Luo Zheng, as a member of the Cloud Hall, even if he brought Xi Youqin into the Cloud Hall, it wouldn't be considered breaking the rules. What's more, Ning Yudie had just asked. It turned out that this Miss Xi was the woman with the Extreme Violet Yin Body. No wonder she could summon so many giant swords.
Now that the Tian Xie Sect was wreaking havoc in the north, out of protection for Xi Youqin, it was normal to let Xi Youqin temporarily live in the Cloud Hall. Why did the Hall Master bother to ask again?
Needless to say, she was definitely jealous.
The Hall Master had now become a volcano, but she suppressed the fire in her heart. If this volcano erupted, they were afraid that they would be implicated. It was better to leave first, so a group of Cloud Hall Elders silently returned to the Cloud Hall.
"I, I have nowhere to go," Xi Youqin replied.
The Void Spirit Sect was being attacked by the Tian Xie Sect. Because the transmission array was destroyed, there was no news yet. But at this time, Xi Youqin's choice to return to Void Sky City was obviously not a good idea.
"Why do you want to follow Luo Zheng?" Ning Yudie stared at Xi Youqin and asked.
Xi Youqin blinked. Being stared at and asked by Ning Yudie again and again, she suddenly had a sense of vigilance. She didn't answer Ning Yudie's question and instead said, "You, you are the Hall Master of the Cloud Hall, right?"
"Yes, I am the Hall Master of the Cloud Hall," Ning Yudie replied.
Xi Youqin pursed her lips and then said, "I am willing to follow Luo Zheng. As the Hall Master … do you also have to ask?"
"…"
Hearing Xi Youqin's question, Ning Yudie was suddenly speechless …
Xi Youqin was right. Although she was the Hall Master and Luo Zheng was also a member of the Cloud Hall, she was meddling too much. Even the extremely strict Mysterious Yin Mansion wouldn't meddle to this extent, right?
Ning Yudie was stunned for a while, and a trace of loneliness appeared on her face. Then, she sighed, looked at Luo Zheng faintly, and said softly, "Yes, I meddled too much. Luo Zheng has the Extreme Purple Yin Body. She can't fall into the hands of Cui Xie. Let her stay in our Cloud Hall for the time being!"
After saying that, Ning Yudie turned around and left.
Hearing Ning Yudie's words, Luo Zheng felt as if there were countless little bugs crawling on his scalp. He was very uncomfortable right now. It seemed that Ning Yudie didn't know why he had already taken Xi Youqin away.
At this moment, a little red light escaped. It was Xun leaving Luo Zheng's body.
Xun had been feeling down for the past two days, so she didn't show up. After seeing what happened today, her mood suddenly seemed to improve a lot. After she appeared, she stared at the direction Ning Yudie left and said with a smile, "She already has such a big reaction. I wonder how she will react when she finds out about your matter."
Of course, Xi Youqin knew what Xun meant by "your matter". Her face turned red in an instant.
Luo Zheng's face was full of bitterness. For Luo Zheng, dealing with this kind of thing was no less difficult than dealing with Cui Xie. On the contrary, Xun was in a good mood. She just wanted to see how long Ning Yudie could suppress her anger!
When Luo Zheng left Xi Youqin in Huoyang City, he didn't think too much about it. Because of Xi Youqin, Luo Zheng did bring a lot of trouble. At that time, Luo Zheng was determined to get rid of Cui Xie's tracking. He just wanted to get rid of this trouble.
However, Xi Youqin came to the Cloud Hall. How should Luo Zheng deal with it?
"I'll arrange a place for you first. Come with me." Luo Zheng's face sank. Then he took Xi Youqin to find a deacon of the Cloud Hall to arrange a place for her.
There were many female disciples in the Cloud Hall. For example, the disciples who were promoted to the Cloud Hall in Caiyun Sect were all female warriors. It was not difficult to arrange a place for Xi Youqin. The problem was how to deal with Xi Youqin in the future. What kind of role would she play by Luo Zheng's side?
Luo Zheng himself couldn't figure it out. Luo Zheng may have planned his path well, but when it came to feelings, Luo Zheng was a mess. What's more, Luo Zheng and Xi Youqin had no feelings at all.
However, Luo Zheng didn't know, but Xi Youqin didn't think so.
Although the living conditions that Luo Zheng arranged for Xi Youqin were not bad, at least much better than the living conditions of the vast majority of female disciples, Xi Youqin was still not used to it.
Her environment since childhood was so superior. Even the size, height, and material of the bronze mirror hanging on the wall had to be carefully chosen. The position of the bed and the material of the pillow were also carefully selected. Even if this was the first time she could sleep soundly after leaving the Xi family, she still couldn't sleep.
Sitting on the bed, Xi Youqin hugged her knees and stared blankly at the deep dark sky outside the window. Her face suddenly revealed a smile. Even if she wasn't used to this kind of life, she should at least try to endure it. She should endure it for him!
This picky and stubborn young lady seemed to have found a noble reason to complete an arduous task …
If others knew that the slightly simple environment of the Cloud Hall made her feel so embarrassed, they would probably be speechless.
And this night, she wasn't the only one who couldn't sleep.
Ning Yudie sat upright in the ice palace and continued to consolidate her cultivation. She had just entered the Life and Death Realm and still needed time to cultivate her Zhen Yuan. After entering the Life and Death Realm, her Zhen Yuan began to slowly liquefy. The entire Life and Death Realm was a process of constantly liquefying Zhen Yuan. Only after reaching the Divine Sea would there be a space where she could transform her Zhen Yuan into a Divine Sea and create a world within her body!
Although Ning Yudie was cultivating, she felt incomparably restless. From time to time, Xi Youqin's words would appear in her mind.

Chapter 708
When True Essence was condensed to the extreme, it would liquefy little by little. For a Life and Death martial artist, this was a very smooth process.
But tonight, Ning Yudie had failed again and again, her state of mind was not stable.
Generally speaking, cultivating in this kind of situation was a very dangerous thing. It was very likely that one would suffer from Cultivation Deviation and damage themselves. Most martial artists would choose to temporarily stop cultivating.
However, Ning Yudie was incomparably stubborn. As her mind wandered, she suddenly felt a stabbing pain in her lower abdomen. She had lost control of a wisp of True Essence and was suddenly rushing upwards! As this wisp of True Essence went out of control, it also caused the other True Essences in her dantian to become violent.
Ning Yudie was suddenly startled. She calmed her mind and tried to stabilize her True Essence, but it was already too late.
The True Essence that had gone out of control shot up and penetrated her dantian!
"Puff!"
She spat out a mouthful of blood. Even though only a wisp of True Essence had penetrated her dantian, the damage it caused was very small. However, the dantian was a martial artist's core and also their most fragile place. Even if it was damaged, it would still cause a lot of damage.
Ning Yudie suppressed the True Essence in her dantian and swallowed a pill. After a while, when the pill completely dissolved, she slowly recovered, but her complexion was still deathly pale.
Ning Yudie, who had stopped cultivating, was still in a bad mood. She walked to the window. Tonight, the moon was bright and the stars were sparse. However, she was surprised to see a star on the horizon blooming with an orange light.
"What is that star?" Ning Yudie frowned. She felt the light of that star come from the distant horizon and directly shoot towards the Cloud Hall. It seemed that someone in the Cloud Hall had attracted the power of the star. How was this possible? Surprised, Ning Yudie's lithe figure gently floated and disappeared from the Ice Palace.
Luo Zheng didn't have as many complicated thoughts as Ning Yudie and Xi Youqin. At this time, he was still releasing his sense, rushing into the universe to communicate with the stars. Before this, Luo Zheng had tried to communicate with the stars many times. But besides the first time, he had failed almost every time.
The number of failures was too many, and even Luo Zheng felt a bit depressed.
Compared to other cultivation methods, the difficulty of the 'Transcendent Divine Might' was far greater than Luo Zheng had imagined.
But tonight, Luo Zheng's consciousness had successfully attracted the attention of a star. This was an orange star. This star was very beautiful, and the orange light on its surface was gentle and tranquil. More importantly, it didn't resist Luo Zheng at all!
With every additional star, the power of the 'Stellar Battle Body' would increase by a bit. Currently, there was still a certain disparity between Luo Zheng's strength and Cui Xie's. Although Luo Zheng hadn't directly fought with Cui Xie, he believed that the difference between them wasn't too great. If he could attract several more stars, then the day of killing Cui Xie wouldn't be too far off!
When Luo Zheng cultivated the 'Stellar Battle Body', his body would be bathed in a faint purple light. This was because Luo Zheng had established a connection with the first purple star. Now that Luo Zheng had successfully attracted the attention of a second star, there was a second orange light that covered Luo Zheng's body. These two different lights wove together, causing a layer of illusionary colors to appear on his body.
Ning Yudie looked at Luo Zheng on the roof from afar. "It really is him!"
Ning Yudie didn't know how Luo Zheng was able to attract the power of the stars. It must be an extraordinary cultivation method, so Ning Yudie guessed that it was most likely Luo Zheng. Now that her guess was confirmed, Ning Yudie was even more curious.
Looking at Luo Zheng's thin face from afar, Ning Yudie's heart was also moved.
In just two years, this youth had forcefully jumped from the Divine Reflection Realm to the False Tribulation Realm. Now, although Luo Zheng was only at the early stage of the False Tribulation Realm, even Mister Zhuo was easily killed by Luo Zheng. He was probably not much weaker than her.
These two years, he must have suffered a lot, right?
Ning Yudie wanted to go forward and have a long talk with Luo Zheng, but when she thought of the Xi Family's young miss, she finally suppressed her impulse. She sighed and murmured, "Let's talk about it later." Then she quietly retreated into the night.
Early the next morning, Xi Youqin was actually pacing back and forth in front of Luo Zheng's residence. When Luo Zheng appeared, she greeted him with a smile.
Now that Xi Youqin's state of mind had undergone a drastic change, she was like a completely different person from before.
Before, Xi Youqin was aloof and arrogant. She had an arrogant attitude towards everyone, but in front of Luo Zheng, she seemed to have removed all her arrogance.
Perhaps in her heart, she had already regarded Luo Zheng as her home. It was a pity that Luo Zheng had not clearly recognized this point. After seeing Xi Youqin, Luo Zheng just glanced at her indifferently, and then walked towards the depths of the Cloud Hall.
Xi Youqin was a bit troublesome for Luo Zheng. If it were not for the incident in the underground palace, Luo Zheng would definitely be determined to drive her away. However, in the Fire Sun City, he had already thrown her away once. Luo Zheng could not drive her away again.
It was just that at this stage, Luo Zheng could only temporarily not hate her.
Seeing that Luo Zheng ignored her, Xi Youqin pursed her lips, but her face did not show any anger. Instead, she smiled foolishly, and then silently followed Luo Zheng. She knew that Luo Zheng did not like her to talk too much, so she simply did not say a word.
As soon as they arrived at the meeting hall of the Cloud Hall, they heard many Cloud Hall Elders in the hall sighing.
"It's too miserable. Cui Xie is really crazy. He doesn't even let off those mortals who don't know how to cultivate!"
"Those independent warriors are not good people! They are just a bunch of mobs. Naturally, they will vent their anger when they have the opportunity! "
"It's just a pity for the warriors who stayed in the Virtual Sky City. They are completely implicated!"
While they were discussing, they saw Luo Zheng come in with Xi Youqin. Everyone's voices suddenly quieted down.
After Luo Zheng walked in, Daoist Master Dameng's gaze fell on Xi Youqin. He originally wanted to say something to Luo Zheng, but after seeing Xi Youqin, his face showed hesitation.
"What happened?" Seeing Daoist Master Dameng's expression, Luo Zheng asked.
Daoist Master Dameng then said, "The Virtual Spirit Sect has been captured by the Tian Xie Sect!"
Although this news didn't surprise Luo Zheng, Luo Zheng couldn't help but frown. When Xi Youqin heard this news, she was completely dumbfounded.
That day, Luo Zheng cooperated with the Seven Void Spirit Masters to set up a trap to kill Cui Xie. However, they didn't expect that Cui Xie's true strength was far beyond their imagination, leading to the annihilation of the Seven Void Spirit Masters. With two Life and Death Realm powerhouses, Cui Xie and Wu Zhanhe, it was only a matter of time before the Tian Xie Sect defeated the Virtual Spirit Sect. After all, Qing Xu Daoist was alone.
In fact, it had been some time since the Virtual Spirit Sect was captured. It was just that the transmission array was destroyed. It took some time for the news to be transmitted from the Virtual Sky City, so they only received the news today.
Xi Youqin stood in place and stared blankly at Daoist Master Dameng. "Then, then what about the Virtual Sky City? Is there any news about the Virtual Sky City? "
Daoist Master Dameng glanced at Luo Zheng again. Luo Zheng nodded. "Daoist Master, please speak directly."
"In order to repay those independent cultivators, the Tian Xie Sect massacred and looted the entire Virtual Sky City. The Seven Great Families were annihilated," Daoist Master Dameng said concisely.
"Seven, Seven Great Families? Are you sure it's the Seven … Families? "Xi Youqin asked with a trembling voice.
There were seven third-grade families in the Virtual Sky City. They were the Lin, Huang, Chang, Xu, Xiao, Chen, and Xi Families. Among them, the Xi Family was the leader. Xi Youqin didn't dare to ask what happened to the Xi Family, so she asked this question.
Unexpectedly, Daoist Master Dameng's answer was even more direct. "The Xi Family was also among them. Moreover, I heard that the Xi Family was the target of the Tian Xie Sect. The Xi Family was completely massacred and the entire Xi Family Castle was burned to the ground!"
Hearing Daoist Master Dameng's words, Xi Youqin's legs suddenly went soft and she knelt on the ground. Her gaze was unfocused as she stared ahead. Two lines of tears gushed out and flowed down her cheeks.
Although Xi Youqin was also worried in her heart, she never thought that such a big Xu Ling Sect would be so easily breached! In Xi Youqin's eyes, her great-grandfather, Daoist Master Qing Xu, was an invincible existence. However, this sect that had stood tall for tens of thousands of years, known as the number one sect in the world, was breached just like that …
Looking at this fair and clean little girl's miserable appearance, several Cloud Hall Elders couldn't help but shake their heads in their hearts. At this time, Ning Yudie also walked in and said coldly, "I just received news that there's a group of Xi Family people rushing towards my Cloud Hall."
Hearing Ning Yudie's words, a glimmer of hope flashed in Xi Youqin's eyes. "There's still someone from the Xi Family alive?"
Ning Yudie made an "En" sound and said, "They'll arrive today. I might need your cooperation."
"Cooperate with what?" Xi Youqin asked again.
Ning Yudie felt that this answer was a bit cruel. It was better to let the Xi Family's young miss face it herself, so she said faintly, "When they arrive, you'll know."

Chapter 709
It was bad news for all the sects in the Central Domain that the Void Spirit Sect was so easily defeated.
The most terrifying thing was that the Tian Xie Sect actually slaughtered the entire Void Sky City!
Generally, the battle between martial artists would not hurt civilians, so before the war began, most of the people who left the Void Sky City were martial artists, but the mortals who did not cultivate did not leave.
In the eyes of those mortals, whether it was the Void Spirit Sect or the Tian Xie Sect, it was the same. The change of the flag on the city wall had little to do with them. For those mortals, they were not sensitive to the war between sects. Instead, it was the martial artists who stayed in the Void Sky City who were worried.
But this time, they were wrong.
The Void Sky City had a very deep foundation, and so many independent martial artists followed the Tian Xie Sect. Since the Void Spirit Sect was defeated, the Void Sky City was naturally in their pocket. The purpose of slaughtering the city, burning and looting was also a kind of reward, and it was also a kind of deterrence to the sects in the world.
The elders who received the news in the Cloud Hall were also worried, and everyone's mood was not very good.
Luo Zheng looked at Xi Youqin, and a little pity appeared in his heart. It was just that she happened to have such a drastic change, so Luo Zheng did not know how to comfort her.
At this moment, a deacon entered the meeting hall and reported, "The Xi Family of the Void Sky City requests an audience!"
Ning Yudie responded faintly, "Let them enter the Cloud Hall and bring them to the meeting hall."
Xi Youqin wiped away her tears and stood up. She didn't know how many people of the Xi Family survived. What about Xi Xiaojie? Or her father?
After a while, several people walked in from outside the meeting hall. The person in the lead was wearing the black robe of the Void Spirit Sect. After entering the Cloud Hall, he cupped his hands towards Ning Yudie, "Greetings to the Hall Master of the Cloud Hall."
Xi Youqin's gaze swept over those people one by one, but she did not find the person she was looking for. She asked suspiciously, "Didn't you say that the people of the Xi Family would come? You … are just the elders of the Void Spirit Sect. Where are the people of my Xi Family? Where is my father? Second Uncle, Third Uncle, and the others! Qiu Cheng, how are Xi Xiaojie and the others?! "
These cultivators were not from the Xi Family. Almost all of them were from the Void Spirit Sect!
Qiu Cheng had a good relationship with the Xi Family and often traveled between the Void Spirit Sect and the Xi Family. He had already reached the False Tribulation Realm in his thirties, so it was only a matter of time before he entered the Elder Hall of the Void Spirit Sect.
Qiu Sheng was also one of Xi Youqin's suitors!
He was the one who had visited all the famous mountains and great rivers in the Central Domain and collected the seeds of the Radiance Grass before giving them to Xi Youqin.
However, Xi Youqin had received such a precious gift, but she had casually thrown it away. One could imagine how angry Qiu Cheng was, but because of the Sect Master's face, he could not flare up.
Cui Xie glared coldly at Xi Youqin and sneered, "Thanks to you, the Xi Clan was annihilated, and your father was killed by Cui Xie himself! Xi Xiaojie is also missing! "
Xi Youqin staggered. After a moment of silence, she stared blankly at Qiu Sheng and asked, "Make it clear! Why do you say it's thanks to me … "
"If it wasn't for you, the Tian Xie Sect might not have attacked the Void Spirit Sect! Cui Xie doesn't want the Void Spirit Sect's inheritance the most, but you! "Qiu Sheng snorted coldly.
"No, it's not like that …" Xi Youqin cried even harder, as if she was about to collapse.
"It's you. If it wasn't for the fact that you bitch relied on the Sect Master to protect you and refused to get married, the Tian Xie Sect might not have attacked the Void Spirit Sect!" Qiu Sheng did not care about Xi Youqin's emotions at all and continued to sneer.
Qiu Sheng looked at Xi Youqin's miserable appearance, and he enjoyed it very much.
He was also a heaven grade genius! Even in the Void Spirit Sect, how proud was he? Before Xi Xiaojie showed his amazing talent, Qiu Sheng was the number one genius of the Void Spirit Sect! However, this woman dared to humiliate him in public and destroyed all his face. He became the joke of the entire Void Spirit Sect for a while.
Now that the Xi family was in trouble and the Void Spirit Sect was destroyed, he wanted to see how this woman could continue to be arrogant in front of him!
"No, it's not because of me …" Because she alone harmed the Xi family, Void Sky City, and Void Spirit Sect. How could she bear this kind of pressure? At this moment, Xi Youqin's thoughts were not organized at all. She could only deny Qiu Sheng's words mechanically.
Luo Zheng looked at Xi Youqin from the side. He didn't know if he should say something …
At this moment, Qiu Sheng continued to sneer. "The Sect Master has fallen into Cui Xie's hands. He wants to use you to exchange!"
"Great-grandfather, great-grandfather didn't die … He wants me to exchange?" Xi Youqin asked.
"Yes! This is your last bit of value, and your only value! "Qiu Sheng sneered maliciously.
Although the Void Spirit Sect was destroyed, most of the disciples fled. As long as Daoist Qing Xu survived, he could rebuild the Void Spirit Sect with his rallying power. However, the sect's overall strength would naturally be greatly reduced. The Void Spirit Sect, which was originally a fifth-grade sect, would probably fall to fourth-grade!
However, the only way to exchange for Daoist Qing Xu was Xi Youqin. This was why Qiu Sheng and the others came to the Cloud Hall.
"Exchange for great-grandfather …" Xi Youqin nodded foolishly, but then she seemed to think of something. Her soft body suddenly trembled, and she quickly shook her head. "No, I can't!"
"Haha, you're still afraid even at a time like this!" Qiu Cheng pressed Xi Youqin further.
"I really can't, I can't …" Xi Youqin cried again. Her face was full of despair.
"At this time, it's not up to you to say no!" Qiu Sheng reached out to grab Xi Youqin. In fact, Qiu Sheng had another plan in mind. In Qiu Sheng's opinion, although Xi Youqin could be exchanged for the Sect Leader, the Void Spirit Sect's power was gone. So what if Cui Xie kept his promise and released Daoist Qing Xu? It would probably be the Tian Xie Sect's world in the future!
It would be a waste to give Xi Youqin to Cui Xie. He, Qiu Cheng, had been infatuated with this body for a long time. This time, he might as well go all the way. Wasn't the Extreme Purple Yin Body greatly beneficial to martial artists? The Central Domain was so big. No matter how far Qiu Sheng went, he would have a place to go if he took Xi Youqin away.
However, just as Qiu Sheng was about to grab Xi Youqin, Luo Zheng took a step forward and appeared in front of Qiu Sheng in a flash. Luo Zheng said indifferently, "I'm afraid it really won't work."
Qiu Sheng frowned and stared at Luo Zheng. "This is my Void Spirit Sect's business. Does the Cloud Hall want to interfere?"
Luo Zheng smiled faintly and said, "First, Xi Youqin is not from your Void Spirit Sect. She's only from the Xi Family. If I didn't hear wrong, your surname isn't Xi, right? Second, if Xi Youqin is given to Cui Xie, all the warriors in the world will suffer. Most importantly … this will indirectly harm my sister. "
"You're Luo Zheng?" Qiu Sheng guessed Luo Zheng's identity.
Luo Zheng nodded.
Qiu Sheng then said resolutely, "Even so, we must save the Sect Master!"
"Yes, we must save the Sect Master first! Luo Zheng, isn't our Sect Master's life more precious than your sister's? "
"Besides, that Luo Yan will only lose her own life. Cui Xie may not kill her!"
"Yes, the Heavenly Demon Joyous Union Formation is also very beneficial to women. She won't lose a piece of flesh!" a Void Spirit Sect warrior said.
As soon as the Void Spirit Sect warrior finished speaking, Luo Zheng's figure suddenly floated out like a ghost. He reached out with one hand and grabbed the warrior's neck. "To you, the Sect Master is very important. To me, my sister is the most important. Your Sect Master is worthless. Do you understand?"
After saying that, Luo Zheng punched out and hit the warrior's chest. This warrior had the cultivation of the early stage of the False Tribulation Realm, but he couldn't withstand a single blow from Luo Zheng. When this punch hit his chest, he instantly flew out and crashed into the wall of the Conference Hall. Half of the wall immediately collapsed.
The faces of the Void Spirit Sect's people darkened.
Qiu Sheng laughed wildly and said, "Haha, such a big Cloud Hall is too domineering and unreasonable! Is this how the Cloud Hall bullies people? "
Ning Yudie and the elders of the Cloud Hall didn't speak. Luo Zheng had a sneer on his face. It was related to his sister's safety. Luo Zheng didn't intend to be reasonable, and there was no reason to be reasonable.
Seeing Luo Zheng step forward at the critical moment, Xi Youqin suddenly felt a trace of warmth in her heart. She really had no reason to retreat now. With her eyes flickering, Xi Youqin said, "Qiu Sheng, in fact, Luo Zheng has more than two reasons. There is a third reason!"
Hearing this, Luo Zheng knew he was in trouble. Just as he was about to stop her, Xi Youqin said, "My Primordial Yin is gone!"
＝＝＝＝＝

Chapter 710
Admitting this kind of thing in public still made Xi Youqin blush instantly.
The expressions of the Cloud Hall elders became even more strange, and they all looked at Luo Zheng.
Qiu Cheng and the others were stunned. If Xi Youqin was telling the truth, then she was worthless to Cui Xie!
"Hahaha, Xi Youqin, you pretended to be as noble as a Saintess in the Xi Family! I didn't expect you to have already fooled around with another wild man! " As soon as he said this, Qiu Cheng's purpose was naturally ruined, but he felt very unbalanced in his heart. He boasted that he didn't lose to any man, but this woman didn't even look at him from beginning to end!
"He is not a wild man!" Xi Youqin stared at Qiu Cheng with burning eyes and replied.
"Who is it?" Ning Yudie suddenly asked.
Originally, this matter had nothing to do with Ning Yudie. This was a matter between the Xi Family and the Void Spirit Sect. Ning Yudie's inquiry seemed a bit gossipy.
However, Daoist Master Dameng and the other elders of the Cloud Hall had already seen through the clues. It was most likely Luo Zheng, so Ning Yudie was so concerned.
The elders of the Void Spirit Sect didn't know the inside story. They all looked at the master of the Cloud Hall with strange expressions, but they muttered in their hearts. Why is the master of the Cloud Hall asking about this?
At this time, Luo Zheng suddenly replied frankly, "It's me. Xi Youqin is already my woman. It's impossible for me to let you give her to Cui Xie."
When he said this himself, the entire Conference Hall suddenly quieted down.
Luo Zheng wasn't a dishonest person, but admitting it in front of Ning Yudie still made Luo Zheng a little embarrassed. However, things had already reached this point. He couldn't deny it. He had to bear the consequences of what he did!
Hearing Luo Zheng admit it himself, Ning Yudie's eyes flashed with a dim luster, and she turned her face to the side. She almost suffered from Qi Deviation while cultivating last night. Her face was already pale, and now there was no color on her face, just like a piece of white paper.
"So, please go back. My Cloud Hall doesn't have a good way to save your sect master," Luo Zheng said.
Qiu Cheng gritted his teeth and stared fiercely at Luo Zheng. At this moment, they were in someone else's territory. It was impossible for him to take Xi Youqin away by force..... not to mention the master of the Cloud Hall was here, Luo Zheng's strength was unfathomable............ they were....
......... of Luo Zheng........ of Luo Zheng.
The group of people from the Void Spirit Sect did not stay for long and left quickly.
After they left, the Conference Hall suddenly fell silent.
Xi Youqin lowered her head and slowly leaned against Luo Zheng. In her opinion, Luo Zheng might be her only pillar of support.
Luo Zheng looked at Ning Yudie and asked with concern, "Sect Master, are you not feeling well?"
"I'm fine," Ning Yudie replied coldly. She looked directly past Luo Zheng and asked the many elders of the Cloud Hall, "Elders, do you have anything else to report today?"
The group of elders secretly glanced at Ning Yudie's face. They were all well aware that if they spoke at this time, they would be looking for trouble. So, they simply remained silent.
In fact, the Cloud Hall had already received the news of the Tian Xie Sect's war today. Originally, they should have discussed the countermeasures of the Cloud Hall. There were too many things that needed to be formulated. However, looking at Ning Yudie's face, it was indeed not the time to discuss these things.
"If there's nothing else, we'll discuss it another day." After Ning Yudie finished speaking, she left the Conference Hall without looking back. It was as if she had forgotten the existence of Luo Zheng and Xi Youqin.
Many of the elders looked at each other and left the meeting hall as well.
On the contrary, Xi Youqin noticed that the atmosphere was not right. She carefully asked Luo Zheng, "Luo Zheng, your Cloud Hall Sect Master's face doesn't look good. What's wrong with her?"
Luo Zheng's expression was very interesting. How could he explain it to Xi Youqin? After taking a deep breath, Luo Zheng faintly looked at Xi Youqin in front of him. Suddenly, he reached out and touched her hair that was hanging on one side. He smiled and said, "It's nothing!"
Xi Youqin was like a docile kitten as she nestled next to him and let Luo Zheng stroke her hair. Although Luo Zheng said it was nothing, she still felt that something was wrong.
Luo Zheng returned to the Cloud Hall this time. He did not relax at all and seized the opportunity to cultivate.
For Luo Zheng, time was becoming more and more pressing. Not to mention Luo Yan, Luo Zheng and Cui Xie would have a battle in the end. Looking at the Tian Xie Sect's development momentum, it was very likely that they would attack either the Cloud Hall or the World Business Alliance.
For the Tian Xie Sect, in the entire Central Domain, only the Cloud Hall and the World Business Alliance could hinder their progress. After these two Sects were wiped out, the Mysterious Dark Mansion, Blood Wood Cliff, Black Mountain Sect, and other Sects were nothing to be afraid of!
Luo Zheng was not the only one who felt a sense of urgency. With the precedent of the Xu Ling Sect, many warriors in the Cloud Hall, from top to bottom, were surrounded by an atmosphere of urgency. During this time, many disciples rarely accepted the tasks distributed by the Cloud Hall. Most of them were in closed-door cultivation and began to break through their bottlenecks.
Once the Tian Xie Sect launched a Sect War against the Cloud Hall, they would at least have the ability to protect themselves.
In addition to this tense atmosphere, there was another strange atmosphere in the Cloud Hall. Of course, this atmosphere could only be felt by the Elders.
Ning Yudie's temperament suddenly became very strange. As long as Luo Zheng was in an occasion, Ning Yudie would either not say a word or turn around and leave. It seemed that she completely ignored Luo Zheng. The relationship between the two seemed to have fallen to a freezing point.
Many Elders were also discussing this matter behind their backs.
"Luo Zheng has made such a great contribution to our Cloud Hall. At this time, he has already stepped into the False Tribulation Realm. His strength is unfathomable. He is a sharp weapon for our Cloud Hall to fight against the Tian Xie Sect. Why are the two of them giving each other a cold war?"
"Alas, Hall Master is still too young. How can he let his emotions affect his decisions? Logically speaking, when Luo Zheng returns this time, he should be given the position of Elder! With his contributions, it's more than enough! "
"Young people can't escape the word 'love'. I think Hall Master is deeply in love. I'm afraid she is very sad. In fact, it's normal for a man to have three wives and four concubines. Even if she is the Hall Master, she can't deal with this matter like this!"
"Yes, yes …"
Just as several Elders were discussing this matter in private in a corner, Ning Yudie floated out like a ghost. Her face was as pale as a corpse, and her cold eyes fell on several Cloud Hall Elders. She asked, "What's right?"
Several Cloud Hall Elders were shocked. "Hall Master, no, nothing's right …"
Ning Yudie blinked her eyes. She had obviously lost a lot of weight in the past few days. Then she floated away like a ghost.
After the Hall Master left, several Elders stroked their chests and sighed. "This can't go on. Let's find Dameng and let him talk to Hall Master!"
In contrast, Xi Youqin's life seemed to be much better.
Although she couldn't help but feel sad when she thought of the Void Sky City, Xi Youqin finally found her home. Even if she knew in her heart that Luo Zheng might not like her that much!
Because of this, Xi Youqin's performance was completely different from before. Now, she almost didn't have any thoughts. She would even go to the market of the Cloud Hall to carefully buy some rare ingredients and borrow the kitchen of the Cloud Hall to show her exquisite cooking skills.
Xi Youqin was arrogant, but after all, she came from a big family. Since she was a child, in addition to practicing martial arts, she was also very proficient in playing the zither, flower arrangement, tea ceremony, calligraphy and painting, and cooking.
In the past, she was the Young Miss of the Xi Family. Everything was served by servants. How could she do it herself? But now, she had a place to use her skills. Every day, she would make exquisite dishes and wait for Luo Zheng outside the cultivation room.
However, Luo Zheng didn't cultivate for a day or two. He often went into closed-door cultivation for five or six days in a row. Those dishes were naturally eaten by her after the time limit, and the rest were thrown away. Even if she didn't see Luo Zheng for several days in a row, she didn't complain. She still made different dishes and waited for Luo Zheng at the door of the secret cultivation room.
Many disciples of the Cloud Hall were borrowing the secret cultivation rooms. Everyone who came and went was watching.
Now, in addition to the Elders, the entire low-level martial artists of the Cloud Hall more or less knew about it.

Chapter 711
Many disciples of the Cloud Hall were talking about this matter, but most of them were envious of Xi Youqin. When they walked past her, they would glance at her from time to time.
"Sigh, this Luo Zheng's luck is really good. After wandering outside for two years, his cultivation has improved by leaps and bounds, and he has brought back a woman who is so loyal to him …"
"Envious? If you're so capable, why don't you set up a Sect Protecting Formation as well? Let us be envious of him! That's called strength! "
"Have you all forgotten some rumors? I heard that there was a story between our Palace Master and Luo Zheng, I wonder how our Palace Master is feeling right now. "
"Keep dreaming! Who do you think our Palace Master is? How could he possibly fall in love with Luo Zheng?"
"Not necessarily, my source of information is much better than yours. This was admitted by one of the Sect Elders. Recently, the relationship between Luo Zheng and the Palace Master has been strained! I heard it's because of this woman. "
Some rumors would eventually spread through different channels, and for those well-informed warriors, it wasn't difficult for them to get hold of such information. Because of this, it had deepened everyone's speculations. If what the rumors said was true, how would Luo Zheng deal with this?
"Creak!"
Luo Zheng pushed open the door to the secret cultivation room. He glanced around with his bright eyes, then he saw Xi Youqin standing not far away from him. She was smiling brightly at him.
Xi Youqin wasn't a diligent cultivator. The reason she was able to break through to the Divine Core realm was because of pills and all sorts of resources. Therefore, she didn't spend much time on cultivation. However, she was very particular about her lifestyle.
As long as one was a martial artist, they would devote most of their time to cultivation, lest they fall behind and waste their time. Even female martial artists were no exception. But for Xi Youqin, an exquisite life was clearly more important than cultivation.
After settling down in the Cloud Hall, she would appear in front of Luo Zheng almost every day in a different outfit. Even if she was wearing ordinary home clothes, after a unique combination, it still had its own charm.
Putting aside her original disgusting personality, perhaps she is the perfect woman in the eyes of many martial artists. This is also the reason why many disciples of the Cloud Hall envy Luo Zheng.
"You're out," Xi Youqin said with a smile.
"Didn't you say that you don't have to wait here?" Luo Zheng had been in the secret cultivation room for three days, but she still spent most of her time here.
"Okay." Xi Youqin nodded meekly.
It sounded like she agreed. Luo Zheng also knew that she would still be waiting here in two days. This woman's stubbornness was engraved in her bones, but she didn't show the same arrogance as before in front of Luo Zheng.
She carried the fragrant dishes and held Luo Zheng's hand as they walked through the long corridor in the air. Then, she brought out the dishes bit by bit. The steaming hot dishes were placed on the table.
Days like this were hard to come by for Luo Zheng. After the meal, Luo Zheng asked around for information regarding the Central Domain. After gathering some necessary information, he returned to his secret cultivation room and began his endless cultivation. During this period of time, he had a feeling that he was about to break through to the Mid Divine Core realm, and perhaps it wouldn't be long before he broke through to the Mid Divine Core realm.
After he broke through to the Mid Divine Core realm, his chances of fighting Cui Xie would be higher.
However, Luo Zheng still needed to find an opportunity to fight Cui Xie, and he just needed to know when this opportunity would come. This was also the reason why Luo Zheng occasionally came out to gather information.
Aside from Luo Zheng who was busy with his cultivation, Ning Yudie was also busy with her cultivation.
Even though all kinds of news had piled up like a mountain in Cloud Palace, and Daoist Great Dream had passed them to her, she had thrown them all to one side, as if she wasn't too interested in learning about the movements in the Central Region.
As a Palace Master, this kind of action was very irresponsible.
After the Tian Xie Sect defeated the Void Spirit Sect, its influence was like the sun in the sky, and it was experiencing changes every single day. Even those independent warriors who had joined the other big sects had 'disappeared', and were now joining the Tian Xie Sect. In the hearts of these independent martial artists, it was impossible for them to have a sense of belonging to a sect. Whoever could give them benefits, whoever was strong, they would submit to that person. And the "Heavenly Evil Divine Kingdom" clearly had both of these conditions!
Even the number one sect in the Central Domain had been defeated by them, so which other sect could stop the Kingdom of Evil Deities?
Right now, the Kingdom of Evil Deities was slowly expanding towards the center of the Central Domain, and they had swallowed all the second and third ranked sects. How could those third ranked sects have the strength to resist? Without wasting a single soldier, they all declared their allegiance to the Kingdom of Evil Deities, and became the vassals of the Kingdom of Evil Deities.
The situation was getting more and more dangerous, and the pressure on the Elders of the Cloud Hall was getting greater and greater. But, as the Palace Master, Ning Yudie had no idea about this, and she didn't even leave her Ice Palace.
"This can't go on like this, the Heavenly Awakening City has sent people here, but none of them have met the shop owner!"
"Right now, the Cloud Hall can only join forces with the World Business Alliance to fight against the Tian Xie Sect, but the Palace Master hasn't made any moves, what should we do?"
"Sigh, although the Palace Master has outstanding strength, she is now troubled by her personal affairs, but the Cloud Hall can't … Big Dream, why don't you go and persuade the Palace Master?"
These days, Ning Yudie had announced that she was going into seclusion and wouldn't see anyone. If it was in the past, it wouldn't have mattered. In history, it was common for the Cloud Hall Palace Master to go into seclusion for eight to ten years, but it also depended on the timing. Now that the world wasn't peaceful, how could the Cloud Hall be without a leader?
Daoist Big Dream was the person closest to Ning Yudie, and at the same time, he understood Ning Yudie's feelings the most!
Daoist Big Dream was much older than Ning Yudie. Although Ning Yudie was the Palace Master, Daoist Big Dream still treated Ning Yudie as a little girl. He understood Ning Yudie's character, and if she was stubborn, no one would be able to persuade her. It was this stubbornness, combined with her talent, that allowed her to ascend to the position of Palace Master.
Under the advice of many Elders, Daoist Big Dream clenched his teeth and charged into the Ice Palace.
Inside the Ice Palace, there was an azure frost energy everywhere. This was condensed from the true essence that Ning Yudie released when she was cultivating. When Ning Yudie was still in the False Tribulation realm, the frost energy she released didn't have much of an effect on Daoist Big Dream. But now that Ning Yudie was a Life and Death realm master, even the frost energy she released was a great threat to Daoist Big Dream!
Therefore, after entering the Ice Palace, Daoist Big Dream had to carefully avoid the constantly flowing aura. Not only that, but he also had to circulate his true essence to resist the biting cold of the Ice Palace.
When he bypassed the layers of frost energy and found Ning Yudie, Daoist Big Dream's face revealed an expression of not knowing whether to laugh or cry. Ning Yudie was actually lying here, asleep!
When a martial artist's cultivation reached this level, it was very rare for them to be so tired that they fell asleep. They could only meditate to adjust their spirit. Daoist Big Dream didn't know how hard she cultivated to be able to tire herself to this extent.
There were only a few small Ice Phoenixes curled up beside her. When they saw Daoist Big Dream come in, those Ice Phoenixes spread their wings and vigilantly stared at Daoist Big Dream.
Then, Ning Yudie also vigilantly opened her eyes. She coldly glanced at Daoist Big Dream and spat out two words, "What's the matter?"
Daoist Big Dream hesitated for a moment, then said, "The World Business Alliance's Alliance Master, Shi Kefan, has already sent people to request an audience with Palace Master several times. They said they have important matters to discuss with my Cloud Hall!"
Ning Yudie slightly nodded and said indifferently, "I know." Then, she crossed her bare feet and raised her head to ask, "What does the World Business Alliance want to do now?"
"What they mean is that we can't just sit and wait for death." Daoist Big Dream had communicated with the World Business Alliance before.
In fact, after it escalated to a sect war, the situation was very clear. When large sects fought against large sects, there was only a fist to the flesh confrontation. Any schemes and tricks would be useless.
Now that the Tian Xie Sect was rapidly expanding, the ones who should be anxious shouldn't be the Tian Xie Sect, but the Cloud Hall and the World Business Alliance. Therefore, biding their time was the worst choice.
Ning Yudie thought for a moment, then nodded and said, "I understand."
"Then how does Palace Master plan to deal with this matter?" Daoist Big Dream asked.
"We'll discuss a strategy with the World Business Alliance. We'll join forces to suppress the Tian Xie Sect!" Ning Yudie seemed to have made some kind of decision.
Daoist Big Dream nodded, "I'll notify the World Business Alliance."
Right now, the one who was most anxious wasn't the Cloud Hall, but the World Business Alliance.
The Cloud Hall still had the Minor Heavenly Cycle Triple Kill Formation to rely on. Although the Tian Xie Sect would choose to attack Cloud Sea City and the Cloud Hall sooner or later, it was still much more difficult to deal with than Tianqi City. In comparison, the World Business Alliance was located in the richest city in the world, Tianqi City. It was very likely that they would choose to attack the World Business Alliance before then!
Although the World Business Alliance had that ancient giant and three fat alliance masters with unfathomable strength, the power hidden under the World Business Alliance was comparable to that of a Rank 6 Sect.
But when facing the Cui Xie and the Tian Xie Sect, it was still difficult to deal with them alone. It would be strange if they weren't anxious.
Fortunately, the teleportation formation between Cloud Sea City and Tianqi City was still in good condition. Although the two cities were thousands of miles apart, they were only separated by a single teleportation formation.
One month later …
Ning Yudie's figure floated past the right side of the Cloud Hall. Her gaze inadvertently fell on Xi Youqin.
Xi Youqin was still patiently sitting at the door of Luo Zheng's secret cultivation room. She supported her face with one hand and stared blankly at the gray door.
"Xi Youqin is my woman …" This sentence kept lingering in Ning Yudie's ears.
Ning Yudie's small face sank slightly. Then, her eyes revealed some envy. If she could put aside her identity as the Hall Master and wait bitterly for Luo Zheng, it would also be a great happiness.
At this moment, Xi Youqin felt the gaze from above. She raised her head slightly and saw Ning Yudie not far away.
When the two women's gazes met, Xi Youqin blinked her eyes and smiled at Ning Yudie, revealing her white teeth.
Ning Yudie felt uncomfortable in her heart. She snorted coldly and floated away.
Xi Youqin turned her head and continued to look at Luo Zheng's secret cultivation room. Her face revealed a faintly discernible smile. It was the smile of a victor.

Chapter 712
In the Conference Hall, many Elders had already gathered, waiting for Ning Yudie's arrival.
Ning Yudie hadn't even stepped into the Conference Hall when a fierce cold wind blew in. The Conference Hall suddenly became like a world of ice and snow, and a dense killing intent immediately enveloped everyone. Several Elders couldn't help but lift their lapels.
When Ning Yudie walked in with a dark face, several Elders looked at each other in dismay.
"What's wrong with the Hall Master?"
"Did she suffer some kind of shock?"
"Shh, everyone, lower your voices …"
During this period of time, Ning Yudie's mood wasn't good. No one dared to speak too much. Offending her wouldn't end well.
Daoist Master Dameng bowed to Ning Yudie and said, "Hall Master, the Cloud Hall is ready. Everyone can set off now."
Ning Yudie nodded and carelessly said, "Mm."
Seeing her worried expression, Daoist Master Dameng couldn't help but remind her, "Hall Master, Luo Zheng hasn't arrived yet."
Many Elders uniformly stared at Ning Yudie.
Ever since Luo Zheng returned to the Cloud Hall, many Elders in the Cloud Hall had a new evaluation of Luo Zheng's strength. Although Luo Zheng was only at the early stage of the False Tribulation Realm, he had easily killed Great Teacher Zhuo. His combat strength was probably above Daoist Master Dameng's. He was also an indispensable high-end combat strength for the Cloud Hall.
Although a Sect war involved millions of Martial Artists, it was often the top powerhouses who decided victory or defeat.
After a month of discussion, the Cloud Hall and Tian Qi Sect finally reached a consensus. As the two top Sects in the Central Domain, they couldn't sit still and wait for death. They decided to join forces and actively attack the Tian Qi Sect.
Daoist Master Dameng originally planned to inform Luo Zheng, but in the end, Ning Yudie said she would go by herself. However, after circling around, Ning Yudie returned to the Conference Hall with a murderous aura. Only Luo Zheng wasn't there.
Daoist Master Dameng naturally didn't understand. Many Cloud Hall Elders also didn't understand.
"No need to call him. Gather all Divine Realm Martial Artists and above. Let's set off!" Ning Yudie's aura suddenly skyrocketed. The Secret Art she cultivated was already extremely powerful, and after stepping into the Life and Death Realm, her strength had increased by several folds. As such, when her aura erupted, the hearts of many Elders trembled!
Countless disciples had formed independent groups in the sky above Cloud Hall, and they were flying towards Ocean of Clouds City.
When one looked up into the sky from afar within the city, one could see an expanse of dense black dots descending incessantly. Every single one of them was a cultivator, so how magnificent was such a scene in the eyes of the mortals of the city?
"I heard the Cloud Hall is about to set off!"
"Sigh, the Tian Xie Sect's influence is expanding. I think the Cloud Hall and the World Business Alliance are about to launch their final counterattack."
"I'm afraid this war will decide the ownership of the Central Domain! That Cui Xie is indeed an incredible man. If he really succeeds, he will be able to unify the entire Central Domain! "
Since ancient times, no single power had been able to unify the entire Central Domain. If Cui Xie succeeded, he would be the number one man in the history of the Central Domain.
After the Cloud Hall's Martial Artists entered the city, they all flew toward the Teleportation Formation. The first to enter were the Divine Realm Martial Artists, followed by the Divine Core Martial Artists, and then the False Tribulation Realm Elders in the Cloud Hall.
Ning Yudie, Daoist Master Dameng, and the others were the last to enter.
Standing next to the Teleportation Formation, Ning Yudie turned around and looked at the Cloud Hall floating in the sky.
At this moment, Daoist Master Dameng said. "Palace Master, we should bring Luo Zheng with us."
No matter what, Ning Yudie shouldn't leave Luo Zheng behind.
There was a huge grudge between Luo Zheng and Cui Xie. Even if it wasn't because of the Tian Xie Sect, Luo Zheng and Cui Xie would still have to fight. Furthermore, ever since Luo Zheng returned to the Cloud Hall, he hadn't shown his true strength. Luo Zheng had contributed a lot to the Cloud Hall, but he wasn't involved in the most important matters of the Cloud Hall. It was a bit too much.
"I think it's more suitable for him to stay behind in the Cloud Hall." Ning Yudie suddenly said with a smile. This time, the Cloud Hall didn't send out all its Martial Artists, they just left a small group of Martial Artists behind. "Besides, he seems to like this kind of life. He has beauties by his side every day, and he enjoys it very much. There's no need to bring him along!"
"This … Palace Master, I think we're facing a great enemy. Shouldn't we put these personal matters aside first?" Daoist Master Dameng's words were more straightforward. What he meant was, 'Are you jealous because of Palace Master? If you're jealous, then be jealous, but don't joke about the fate of the Cloud Hall. '
Ning Yudie snorted, turned around, and walked into the Teleportation Formation.
Daoist Master Dameng and the other Elders looked at each other and smiled bitterly. Then, they also entered the Teleportation Formation.
At this moment, Luo Zheng had already entered a meditative state. He felt that his cultivation was only a thin line away from the middle stage of the Void Tribulation Realm. As long as he broke through the last layer, he would be able to steadily break through!
Although Luo Zheng didn't know much about the situation in the Central Domain, he was able to analyze it thoroughly. The day of his battle with Cui Xie was getting closer and closer. Therefore, breaking through to the middle stage of the Void Tribulation Realm had become a matter of necessity for him!
In the secret cultivation room, Luo Zheng could no longer sense the passage of time. During this period of time, Qinglong and Chi Long rarely spoke. Previously, Xun would secretly leave Luo Zheng's body, but now, she seemed to be in a deep slumber and rarely appeared.
After all, it was Luo Zheng's time to break through a bottleneck. Although it shouldn't be too difficult for Luo Zheng to break through to the middle stage of the Void Tribulation Realm, breaking through any bottleneck was very important. It couldn't be affected in the slightest.
Xi Youqin was still sitting quietly at the entrance of the secret cultivation room. Occasionally, she would enter Cloud Sea City to collect some rare flowers and carefully trim them. Then, she would arrange them into exquisite shapes according to a certain pattern.
Right now, there were six to seven pots of flowers placed at the entrance of the secret cultivation room. The flowers were arranged in a row, and they were colorful and beautiful.
During this period of time, the number of warriors in the Cloud Hall had obviously decreased. In the past, there would always be groups of warriors entering or leaving the secret cultivation room. But now, there were only a few people in the secret cultivation room, and all of them were Xiantian realm warriors. There were very few Divine Reflection and Divine Core warriors in the secret cultivation room.
The entire Cloud Hall was deserted.
Although Xi Youqin could clearly sense the changes in the Cloud Hall, she was too lazy to think about it. In Xi Youqin's mind, Luo Zheng had become her world. As for what happened outside of this world, she didn't want to know.
Therefore, even those common people in Cloud Sea City knew about the Cloud Hall's expedition, but she, a Divine Core warrior, didn't know about it!
"I've been in secluded cultivation for so long!" Xi Youqin pouted as she stared at the entrance of the secret cultivation room. She broke off a green root with her fair fingers, then with a gentle twist of her fingers, she accurately inserted the root into the pot.
The number of flowers placed at the entrance of the secret cultivation room kept increasing. Every day, she would place a pot of flowers in the secret cultivation room. At first, there were only seven to eight pots of flowers, but it slowly increased to a dozen pots, then twenty pots …
Unknowingly, the number of flowers placed at the entrance of the secret cultivation room had increased to 35 pots.
On this day, a powerful aura suddenly erupted from the secret cultivation room! This secret cultivation room was the highest level secret cultivation room in the Cloud Hall. The walls of the secret cultivation room were made with a special metal, but they couldn't stop the aura from leaking out.
A faint smile emerged on Xi Youqin's face. "Has he broken through? Will he come out from secluded cultivation today? "
She looked at the entrance with an expectant expression. Her clean and elegant face suddenly blushed. When she thought about what she was going to say to Luo Zheng, she felt shy and conflicted.
"Creak …"
The door of the secret cultivation room was pushed open. Luo Zheng's figure flashed out with a faint smile on his face. At this moment, he had stepped into the middle stage of the False Tribulation Realm.
"Sure enough, he has broken through!" Xi Youqin stood up and walked towards Luo Zheng.
"Sorry to keep you waiting! How long has it been? "During this time, Luo Zheng was almost completely immersed in meditation. He had completely forgotten the passage of time.
Xi Youqin blinked her eyes and said gently, "You can count these flowers and you'll know how many days have passed."
Luo Zheng's eyes swept over the flowers, and his expression changed. "35 days. I've been in secluded cultivation for so long this time …"
"It doesn't matter!" Xi Youqin still had a faint smile on her face. She brushed her black hair to one side and suddenly whispered, "Luo Zheng, can I sleep at your place tonight?" When she said this, her voice was as soft as a mosquito, almost inaudible. Her cheeks were also flushed.
Luo Zheng stared blankly. He hesitated for a moment, but then he nodded.
Both of them were still young, and this was the first time they had experienced the intimacy between a man and a woman, so it was inevitable that there would be some longing for them, but Luo Zheng still had Ning Yudie in his heart. What he did not know was that Ning Yudie was no longer in Cloud Hall.
(Sorry, I was too busy at the end of the year! It's too late! I'm sorry, everyone!)
＝＝＝＝＝

Chapter 713
Luo Zheng, who left the secret cultivation room, also felt that something was wrong. There were fewer disciples in the Cloud Hall, but Luo Zheng didn't think too much about it.
He couldn't imagine that no one in the entire Cloud Hall had informed him about such a big event.
How could Xi Youqin know what Luo Zheng was thinking? She had just said such shameful words. At this time, she was so embarrassed that she buried her whole head in his chest. She didn't even dare to look at Luo Zheng.
Luo Zheng then took her hand and returned to his room.
The two of them, who had their first taste of being a man and woman, spent another night together. Last time in the underground palace, the two of them were chased by Cui Xie, so they didn't have time to stop and taste this wonderful feeling.
After a night of pleasure, the two of them had surprisingly good physical strength. They didn't fall asleep until the early morning of the next day.
It wasn't until the next day that Luo Zheng really felt that something was wrong in the Cloud Hall. The Cloud Hall seemed to be too deserted, as if there were a lot of people missing.
He wanted to find Hua Tianming and the others to ask about the situation, but he found that the three of them weren't there. Helpless, Luo Zheng went to the Conference Hall, but it was also empty. During this period of time, most of the elders gathered in the Conference Hall every day. How could there be no one?
Just as he left the Conference Hall, Luo Zheng bumped into Fei Han.
As an elder of the Cloud Hall, Fei Han was already old. This time, he was the one who stayed behind and didn't accompany Ning Yudie to the battle.
After all, several elders still needed to stay in the Cloud Hall to preside over the Cloud Hall's Minor Heavenly Cycle Triple Kill Formation. This was to prevent Cui Xie from bypassing the World Business Alliance and attacking the Cloud Hall.
However, when the elites of the Cloud Hall were all out, even if they really attacked the Cloud Hall from the sky, it wouldn't make much sense. After all, all of the main forces of the Cloud Hall had gone to Tianqi City. Even if the Tian Xie Sect really attacked the Cloud Hall, it would only be destroying an empty shell. The Tian Xie Sect wouldn't have much interest in tormenting the Cloud Hall.
"Elder Fei Han, why are there so many people missing in the Cloud Hall?" Luo Zheng asked with a face of suspicion.
When Luo Zheng asked this question, Fei Han was also baffled. "Didn't the Hall Master inform you? Now, most of the martial artists of the Cloud Hall have already entered Tianqi City and are cooperating with the World Business Alliance to fight against the Tian Xie Sect. They set off a month ago. "
As soon as Fei Han said this, Luo Zheng's face suddenly changed. "No one informed me."
Fei Han more or less knew about the cold war between Luo Zheng and Ning Yudie. Fei Han touched his nose and shook his head with a strange expression. "I don't know what the Hall Master is thinking."
"What's the situation now?" Luo Zheng asked with concern.
Fei Han nodded. Although he stayed behind to guard the Cloud Hall, news of the war between the World Business Alliance and the Tian Xie Sect was reported every day. Luo Zheng asked the right person.
It turned out that when Ning Yudie chose to go to war and entered Tianqi City, she immediately declared war on the Tian Xie Sect. At the same time, the World Business Alliance also declared war on the Tian Xie Sect!
With these two Sects joining hands, the Tian Xie Sect had no choice but to pay attention to them!
The Tian Xie Sect didn't fear the Cloud Hall at all. After all, in the eyes of Cui Xie and Wu Zhanhe, there was only one person who was difficult to fight against in the Cloud Hall, and that was Ning Yudie. She cultivated the 《Empyrean Fairy Heart Sutra》, which was several times more difficult than other cultivation methods. After entering Life and Death Realm, although she had only gone through one life and death calamity, she could fight against experts who had gone through two or even three life and death calamities.
However, the influence of the Cloud Hall was far less than that of the World Business Alliance!
The development of the Cloud Hall was exactly the same as that of the Void Spirit Sect. For the Tian Xie Sect, the Cloud Hall was at best another Void Spirit Sect. As long as they besieged the Cloud Hall, they would be able to take it down sooner or later.
However, the World Business Alliance was different. This alliance, which was originally formed by a group of businessmen, had now developed into a colossus. In terms of pure strength, the World Business Alliance was actually a quasi-sixth-grade Sect. However, the World Business Alliance was neither a Holy Land nor a Divine Nation. It was very low-key, but it was a hidden force. Even the Tian Xie Sect had to be careful.
After the Tian Xie Sect defeated the Void Spirit Sect, they only moved around the eastern part of the Central Domain. They didn't act too fiercely. It seemed that they wanted to rest and recuperate. When they grew to a certain extent, they would attack the World Business Alliance.
However, the World Business Alliance wasn't stupid. Those businessmen were the smartest. How could they just sit there and wait for their doom?
Since the Tian Xie Sect didn't declare war, the World Business Alliance took the initiative to do so. After communicating with the Cloud Hall, the two most powerful Sects in the Central Domain declared war on the Tian Xie Sect on the same day.
As a result, the biggest Sect war in the Central Domain in the past thousand years began.
More than a month after the declaration of war, both sides had their victories and defeats. However, the war only happened locally. The World Business Alliance destroyed two outpost cities of the Tian Xie Sect, while the Tian Xie Sect continued to slowly advance towards the Central Domain.
Everyone in the Central Domain understood that no matter if it was the Tian Xie Sect or the allied forces formed by the World Business Alliance and the Cloud Hall, there would definitely be a real decisive battle between the two sides. The result of this battle would directly determine the direction of the entire Central Domain!
Whether Cui Xie succeeded in the challenge and integrated the Central Domain into the Country of Evil Deities, or whether the World Business Alliance and the Cloud Hall won and became the Holy Land, it would all depend on the result of this battle.
However, no one knew when this battle would break out. However, looking at the current situation, both sides had tested each other to a certain extent. Eventually, one side would lose patience. Once that happened, the final battle wouldn't be too far away.
"In other words, Ning Yudie is still in Tianqi City?" Luo Zheng asked.
However, Fei Han said earnestly, "Luo Zheng, the Cloud Hall needs you."
"Yes, I understand." At this point, Luo Zheng naturally didn't have the slightest intention of shirking his responsibilities. However, Ning Yudie was too much. She actually isolated him from such an important matter!
"The Hall Master is in a bad mood recently. It's good," Fei Han said again.
How could Luo Zheng not understand what Fei Han was hinting at? He smiled helplessly, but he didn't know where to start talking to Fei Han.
Unexpectedly, Fei Han muttered, "It's normal for a man to have three wives and four concubines. In the past, I had more than twenty women. Women just need to be coaxed." Fei Han only dared to say these words to Luo Zheng alone. When Ning Yudie was in the Cloud Hall, he didn't dare to say these words.
Hearing Fei Han's words, Luo Zheng almost fainted on the ground. It must be said that Elder Fei Han was really a playboy when he was young.
However, for a martial artist, marrying a wife was a simple matter. In the Central Domain, the status of a martial artist was as high as that of an immortal. Even the poorest martial artist was countless times richer than a rich mortal! Therefore, no martial artist would lack women.
After Fei Han left, Luo Zheng stood in the corridor and looked at the rolling clouds above the Cloud Hall. He muttered, "Do women really need to be coaxed?"
After leaving the corridor, Luo Zheng returned to his residence. Xi Youqin had just finished bathing. Her black hair was wet and tied up behind her head. She was wearing undergarments and her body was brimming with a healthy luster.
"Come with me," Luo Zheng said after seeing Xi Youqin.
"Where to?" Xi Youqin asked.
"Tianqi City," Luo Zheng said again.
"Okay!" Xi Youqin smiled. She didn't even ask Luo Zheng why he wanted to go to Tianqi City. If it was in the past, she would definitely interrogate him in detail.
In fact, Xi Youqin's personality hadn't changed. It was just her state of mind that had changed.
No matter what, Xi Youqin had already regarded Luo Zheng as the only home in her life. Moreover, she was also clear that her position in Luo Zheng's heart wasn't high. In the underground palace, she and Luo Zheng had sex once, and it was even forced by Luo Zheng.
This man didn't love her.
Xi Youqin was very clear about this point in her heart.
The only reason he was with her was because of his inherent sense of responsibility.
Xi Youqin, who was aware of this point, carefully maintained this relationship. Therefore, she didn't have any requests for Luo Zheng. She didn't dare to have any requests. She was afraid that after Luo Zheng's sense of responsibility disappeared, she would lose everything.
Women were indeed strange creatures. In just a few short months, her relationship with Luo Zheng had undergone such a huge reversal. She was now treading on thin ice, but she still enjoyed it.
After the two of them made some preparations, they quickly left the Cloud Hall and entered Cloud Sea City. Then, they stepped into the teleportation formation in Cloud Sea City. Under the blazing white light, Xi Youqin held Luo Zheng's hand and the two of them instantly disappeared into the spatial tunnel.
The situation in Tianqi City wasn't optimistic.
Ever since the World Business Alliance and the Cloud Hall declared war on the Tian Xie Sect, merchants were leaving Tianqi City one after another.
There was no lack of merchants in Tianqi City who were as rich as countries!
These merchants weren't cultivators. Even if they were cultivators, they were only in the Xiantian Realm. However, the wealth they controlled was much richer than most cultivators. Even False Tribulation Realm cultivators weren't as rich as them.
The entire World Business Alliance was formed by these merchants.
These merchants did very well in business, but they were helpless against the Sect war. Now that the war had been declared, many merchants chose to temporarily leave Tianqi City and seek refuge in other cities in order to preserve their lives.
The World Business Alliance was happy to cooperate with them. For the World Business Alliance, money was their foundation. The World Business Alliance, which controlled the economic lifeline, knew very well that as long as there was money, there would be cultivators willing to risk their lives for the alliance. This was the fundamental reason why the World Business Alliance was able to become a Rank 6 Sect.
As the light of the teleportation formation continued to flicker, Luo Zheng and Xi Youqin appeared in Tianqi City.
At this time, many merchants were lining up to leave Tianqi City through the teleportation formation. Suddenly, they saw a group of talented men and beautiful women appear here. Many people's gazes gathered on them.
"Luo Zheng!"
Before Luo Zheng and Xi Youqin stepped out of the teleportation formation, a voice immediately sounded out.
The voice sounded familiar, but Luo Zheng couldn't remember who it was. He turned his head towards the source of the voice, and saw a handsome young man looking at him with a smile on his face.
"Ao Xiang?" Although it had been two years, Luo Zheng could still recognize the man in front of him.
This Divine Realm genius from the Hulun Grassland had participated in the Martial Dao Competition with him. Both of them had the same goal; to stop Cui Xie's Heavenly Demon Joyous Union Formation and kill Si Miaoling.
But in the end, Ao Xiang's efforts were in vain. He was defeated by Si Miaoling, and he was nearly crippled by her.
But now, Luo Zheng noticed that Ao Xiang had broken through to the Late Divine Core realm, and he was only one step away from the False Tribulation realm!
Ao Xiang's talent wasn't bad either. Although he was an independent cultivator, no matter if it was luck or opportunity, he was one of the top cultivators in the Central Domain. Perhaps he was only slightly weaker than Luo Zheng and Xi Youjie. If not for his sister, perhaps he would have become a powerful independent cultivator in the future.
"You've joined the World Business Alliance?" Luo Zheng asked.
Ao Xiang nodded his head, then he smiled and said, "You've broken through to the Mid False Tribulation realm!"
Up until now, both men still had the same goal. One was to save his sister from Cui Xie, and the other was to save his lover from Cui Xie.
After seeing Luo Zheng, Ao Xiang seemed to be in a good mood. He hurriedly said, "Come with me, you've just arrived in Tianqi City, so you don't know the current situation!"
Luo Zheng nodded his head, then he grabbed Xi Youqin's hand and left the Teleportation Formation with Ao Xiang. After that, they flew towards the Merchant Alliance's headquarters in Tianqi City.
"Are all the people from the Cloud Hall in the Merchant Alliance's headquarters?" Luo Zheng suddenly asked.
Although Fei Han had told Luo Zheng the general situation, Luo Zheng didn't know the details.
Ao Xiang's eyes lit up, then he said, "All the warriors from the Cloud Hall and the World Business Alliance have been mixed together. Only a few of them are still in the headquarters, and most of them have left the city."
This war between the sects was even more intense than Luo Zheng had expected. In fact, the battle between the upper echelons of the sects had yet to start, but the battles between the sects were extremely intense.
Just two days ago, in order to break free from Nine Tripod City, both the Tian Xie Sect and the World Business Alliance had lost several thousand warriors, and most of them were Divine Reflection warriors. Furthermore, the Cloud Hall and the World Business Alliance had lost a Void Tribulation Sect Elder!
"Aren't both sides fighting between the Divine Reflection and Divine Core warriors? Why did a Void Tribulation warrior die? "Luo Zheng furrowed his brows and asked.
A helpless smile emerged on Ao Xiang's face. "This is also the biggest problem that has been bothering us!"
Warriors were divided into different realms, and the gap between realms was huge. Therefore, during the war between the sects, Void Tribulation warriors would only die in the hands of Void Tribulation warriors. But this time, two Void Tribulation warriors from the Cloud Hall and the World Business Alliance had died in the hands of a group of Divine Reflection warriors.
Normally, a Divine Reflection warrior wouldn't pose much of a threat to a Void Tribulation warrior. Of course, except for an abnormal genius like Luo Zheng.
After all, no matter how many Divine Reflection Realm martial artists there were, it was very difficult for them to join forces and fight against a False Tribulation Realm martial artist. It might be very difficult for a False Tribulation Realm martial artist to kill a thousand Divine Reflection Realm martial artists, but if they couldn't win, a False Tribulation Realm martial artist could escape! Relying on the advantage of speed, he was able to forcefully wipe out the thousand Divine Reflection Realm martial artists one by one!
But this time, the Tian Xie Sect had invented a very strange tactic.
This kind of array was similar to a formation, but the Central Domain's warriors usually only had a few people working together to set it up. For example, the Void Spirit Seven had seven people working together to set it up.
However, the Heavenly Evil Sect had combined several hundred Divine Reflection Realm martial artists together. The power of this strange battle tactic was enough to instantly kill even a False Tribulation Realm martial artist if they were not careful.
If one were to simply count the number of peak experts in this sect war, the two sides were actually about the same. The World Business Alliance had that ancient giant whose strength was unfathomable, and now they had Ning Yudie. The Tian Xie Sect also had Cui Xie and Wu Zhanhe, two Life and Death warriors.
As for the number of Void Tribulation warriors on both sides, the difference was still about the same.
Originally, it was these few peak experts who decided the outcome of the sect war. But when the Tian Xie Sect had this strange tactic, the situation had been reversed!
Those Divine Reflection disciples, who were originally just bystanders, could erupt with a huge effect in the sect war, and this effect was enough to break the balance.
"This tactic is so mysterious. It's definitely not something Cui Xie could come up with. How did they do it?" After hearing Ao Xiang's words, Luo Zheng frowned slightly.
Ao Xiang sighed and said, "We also think so. This tactic is very mature. The Alliance Master is guessing that it might have been passed down from the four Divine Kingdoms."
"Four Divine Kingdoms!" Luo Zheng's eyes flashed. "Could it be …"
"Yes, it's very likely that there's a Divine Nation behind the Heavenly Evil Sect," Ao Xiang said with certainty.
Luo Zheng immediately thought of the Saintess and the Divine Kingdom Prince in the Heaven Mist Immortal Tomb. When Luo Zheng had killed the Divine Kingdom Prince, the Saintess had vowed to take revenge on him.
Moreover, the old man behind the Saintess had promised to give Wu Zhanhe the inner copy of the Five Poison Scripture because Wu Zhanhe had helped the Saintess dispel the curse on her.
The Central Domain and the four Divine Kingdoms were separated by the Chaotic Astral Ocean. Could it be that they really had people enter the Central Domain?

Chapter 714
From a geographical point of view, although the Chaotic Astral Ocean was like an insurmountable moat, the history of God Nation was much longer than that of the Central Domain, and there were countless powerhouses there.
From the trip to the Heaven Mist Immortal Tomb, it could be seen that Life and Death Realm powerhouses were the top existences in the Central Domain, but in God Nation, they were only followers of the Saintesses and Princes.
If God Nation really intervened, who in the Central Domain could resist the Tian Xie Sect?
Luo Zheng's face suddenly showed a cautious expression. "Did you come to this conclusion yourself?"
Ao Xiang shook his head. "Everyone in the World Alliance basically agrees with this point of view. Even the Hall Master of the Cloud Hall agrees!"
"Am I, the Hall Master of the Cloud Hall, still in Tianqi City?" Luo Zheng suddenly asked.
Hearing Luo Zheng's sudden question, Xi Youqin's ears immediately perked up, and a faint smile appeared on her face. Of course, Luo Zheng and Ao Xiang were talking, so they didn't notice her expression.
Ao Xiang asked suspiciously, "Why don't you, Luo Zheng, know about the Cloud Hall's actions?"
In Ao Xiang's opinion, Luo Zheng was definitely a core figure in the Cloud Hall. Now that the Cloud Hall was cooperating with the World Business Alliance to attack the Tian Xie Sect, it was very strange that Luo Zheng didn't know about it …
Luo Zheng laughed dryly. How could he explain the matter between him and Ning Yudie to outsiders? Moreover, did he really have a conflict with Ning Yudie? It probably couldn't be considered a conflict. It was just that Ning Yudie's attitude suddenly became cold, and Luo Zheng was somewhat helpless about it.
This time, all the elites of the Cloud Hall had come out, and only Luo Zheng had been left behind. How could he not have some thoughts?
However, after experiencing the matter with Xi Youqin, Luo Zheng roughly understood that crazy women were completely unreasonable. Although he was annoyed by Ning Yudie's actions, he wouldn't bicker with her. There was a saying that was quite good: only women and villains were difficult to raise …
Ning Yudie wasn't difficult to raise, she was just difficult to serve.
"At that time, I was in seclusion and didn't know about this matter. I hope brother Ao Xiang can tell me," Luo Zheng said with a smile.
Ao Xiang also smiled and said, "The Hall Master of the Cloud Hall isn't in Tianqi City. During this time, she seems to have gone crazy, killing all the martial artists of the Tian Xie Sect. She rarely returns to Tianqi City …"
According to the original plan, the Cloud Hall and the World Business Alliance would join forces to declare war on the Tian Xie Sect. Ning Yudie, as the only remaining Life and Death Realm martial artist of the Cloud Hall, should have stayed behind to guard Tianqi City.
Tianqi City and the Tian Xie Sect would have a decisive battle sooner or later. Before that, the Life and Death Realm martial artists of both sides generally wouldn't make a move. Once the Life and Death Realm martial artists made a move, it meant that the real decisive battle had begun.
However, Ning Yudie broke this rule. From the beginning, she fought alone and slaughtered all the martial artists in the big cities occupied by the Tian Xie Sect. With regards to Ning Yudie acting alone, the Tian Xie Sect and the World Business Alliance were somewhat caught off guard.
The World Business Alliance was worried about Ning Yudie's safety. Ning Yudie's strength was unquestionable, but she couldn't resist both Cui Xie and Wu Zhanhe at the same time. If the Tian Xie Sect set a trap for Ning Yudie and killed her, it would be a devastating blow to the World Business Alliance and the Cloud Hall.
That ancient giant of the World Business Alliance would find it difficult to deal with the Tian Xie Sect alone. Their hopes of resisting the Tian Xie Sect would be even slimmer.
However, it was also because of Ning Yudie attacking everywhere, which gave the Tian Xie Sect a headache!
The Tian Xie Sect's battle strategy could gather hundreds and thousands of Divine Reflection Realm martial artists together. However, this battle strategy wasn't without flaws. As long as one's strength was strong enough, they wouldn't necessarily have the opportunity to join forces. This battle strategy was effective against False Tribulation Realm martial artists, but against Life and Death Realm martial artists like Ning Yudie, it wasn't enough.
Ning Yudie didn't abide by the rules. She took the lead and often took the lives of hundreds and thousands of martial artists. This greatly slowed down the pace of the Tian Xie Sect's expansion.
The Tian Xie Sect also didn't seem to be ready for a decisive battle. The two Life and Death Realm martial artists in the sect had been biding their time and didn't plan to attack Ning Yudie for the time being.
As a result, the situation between the two sides continued in this ambiguous manner …
Relatively speaking, the World Business Alliance and the Cloud Hall's worries were far greater than the Tian Xie Sect's. Ning Yudie's attack seemed to have taken a lot of advantages and defeated many of the Tian Xie Sect's forces. However, the martial artists at the bottom wouldn't affect the battle too much. The ones who really decided the outcome of this battle were those at the top.
Once the Tian Xie Sect began to counterattack, Ning Yudie would be in danger. Everything she had done before would not be worth it.
Because of this, many people came forward to persuade Ning Yudie, but she didn't listen at all.
The Elders of the Cloud Hall were her subordinates, so they naturally couldn't persuade her. The World Business Alliance was only her ally, so they couldn't order Ning Yudie around. She still did things her own way. She quietly left the Tian Xie Sect and stayed outside for five or six days. After killing several martial artists of the Tian Xie Sect, she returned to Tian Xie City and resupplied before leaving the Tian Xie Sect again. Over the past month, Ning Yudie had stayed in Tian Xie City for no more than four days …
After listening to Ao Xiang, Luo Zheng asked, "In other words, the Temple Master isn't in Tian Xie City?"
Ao Xiang faintly smiled, "It's hard to say, but she's most likely not in Tian Xie City …"
If a Life and Death Realm martial artist didn't deliberately inform others of their movements, who could track them?
"Too capricious," Luo Zheng shook his head.
Hearing Luo Zheng's evaluation, Xi Youqin, who was beside him, suddenly let out an "En" sound.
"You … en what?" Luo Zheng looked back at Xi Youqin and asked.
Xi Youqin blinked her eyes, and her lotus-like elegant face suddenly smiled and said, "Too capricious!"
How could Luo Zheng not understand that Xi Youqin's words actually had a hidden meaning? He could only sigh and follow Ao Xiang straight to the headquarters in Tian Xie City.
After entering the Merchant Alliance's headquarters, Ao Xiang had just reported the news of Luo Zheng's arrival in Tian Xie City. Immediately, someone came to invite Luo Zheng to the Merchant Alliance's Conference Hall.
In the past, the Merchant Alliance had a strong commercial aura, making it difficult for martial artists to associate it with the most powerful force in the world. Therefore, the World Business Alliance had always given people the impression that it was big but not strong. When some martial artists mentioned the World Business Alliance, they would use one sentence to describe it: After all, it was a group of profit-seeking businessmen.
But this time, after the World Business Alliance declared war on the Tian Xie Sect, the entire Tian Xie City had undergone earth-shaking changes!
The Merchant Alliance's headquarters was filled with a desolate aura, and the entire Tian Xie City was covered with hundreds of thousands of runes, forming a super large Spirit Array! This Spirit Array was far inferior to the Cloud Hall's Xiao Zhou Tai Energy Triple Kill Array, and it was even inferior to the Void Spirit Sect's Sect Protecting Array, but it won in terms of quantity!
After all, the Runic Tower in Tian Xie City was the gathering place of all the Rune Masters in the world. Moreover, with the wealth of the World Business Alliance, other Sects simply could not compare. These runes were set up as if they did not cost money, and their power would not be too small!
Under Ao Xiang's lead, Luo Zheng entered the Merchant Alliance's Conference Hall. As soon as Luo Zheng entered, he saw several familiar figures. In addition to Daoist Master Dameng and the other Elders of the Cloud Hall, there were also the three fat leaders of the World Business Alliance. As for the ancient giant in Tian Xie City, he was not among them.
"Luo Zheng! You're finally here! "Shi Kefan's round face was flushed red. After seeing Luo Zheng, everyone was pleasantly surprised.
"Greetings to the three leaders." Luo Zheng bowed to Shi Kefan, Yan Yueshan, and the others.
In fact, after the World Business Alliance knew that Luo Zheng had returned to the Cloud Hall, they had reminded Ning Yudie several times to let Luo Zheng come to Tian Xie City. However, every time, Ning Yudie would use the excuse that Luo Zheng was in closed-door cultivation as an excuse to refuse. After all, Luo Zheng was a member of the Cloud Hall. Although the two Sects had joined forces at this time, they could not directly intervene in the matters of the Cloud Hall.
After a simple greeting, Shi Kefan immediately said, "Luo Zheng, since you are willing to appear in Tian Xie City, I presume you will also fight against Cui Xie with our World Business Alliance, right?"
Shi Kefan's words were very clever. He knew that there was an irreconcilable conflict between Luo Zheng and Cui Xie, so after he spoke, he did not say that he would fight against the Tian Xie Sect, but directly said that he would fight against Cui Xie.
Luo Zheng nodded slightly. "Of course."
"Then please move to the Runic Tower. With the help of your runes, our chances of fighting against Cui Xie will increase by 20%!" Shi Kefan said quickly.
Increase by 20% …
Hearing Shi Kefan's words, everyone was shocked. However, on second thought, if Luo Zheng could arrange a formation more powerful than the Cloud Hall's Sect-Protecting Formation, coupled with the strength of the World Business Alliance, it was really possible!

Chapter 715
Everyone's gazes were focused on Luo Zheng, especially Shi Kefan, Yan Yueshan, and Mo Haishan.
Although Luo Zheng had entered the False Tribulation Realm and was a great supplement to the combat power of the Cloud Hall, Luo Zheng's rune technique was more outstanding compared to the strength he had shown. Therefore, everyone felt that Luo Zheng should join the Runic Tower!
Moreover, Luo Zheng had no reason to refuse. Everyone was on the same side now. The World Business Alliance might need Luo Zheng's help to fight against the Tian Xie Sect, but Luo Zheng also needed to rely on the World Business Alliance to fight against Cui Xie.
Just as everyone was looking forward to it, Luo Zheng shook his head and said, "Alliance Master Shi, I'm sorry, but I can't enter the Runic Tower now."
"Why?" Shi Kefan was also a little surprised by Luo Zheng's rejection.
"The current situation doesn't give me enough time to set up a large formation," Luo Zheng shook his head.
Luo Zheng was drawing divine patterns, not runes. The time and experience it took far exceeded that of ordinary runes. When Luo Zheng set up the Minor Heavenly Cycle Three Killing Formation for the Cloud Hall, it took Luo Zheng nearly two months.
Moreover, the Cloud Hall was merely equivalent to a tenth of the size of Ocean of Clouds City. As for Heavenly Awakening City, it was more than 3 times larger than Ocean of Clouds City. Setting up a grand formation to protect such an enormous city? There was no time at all.
Luo Zheng immediately said, "But don't worry, Alliance Master Shi. I will choose to participate in the battle."
It was time to resolve the conflict between him and Cui Xie. Before that, Luo Zheng still had one thing to worry about. Since the last Martial Arts Conference, Luo Zheng had not received any news from Luo Yan.
However, based on Cui Xie's judgment that Luo Yan should still be fine when he wanted to take Xi Youqin away. However, where was Luo Yan now? Where did Cui Xie hide it? Luo Zheng knew nothing about it.
Shi Kefan knew he couldn't change Luo Zheng's mind, but in the past, this young man was able to fight against a Divine Core warrior when he was just a Divine Reflection warrior. And now, Luo Zheng was already a middle stage False Tribulation Realm martial artist. Would he be able to cross a realm and fight against a Life and Death Realm martial artist?
If possible, then Luo Zheng's strength was likely to be above Shi Kefan and the others …
"Since Luo Zheng has made his own choice, I won't force you. You can form a small team with the others and listen to the orders of the allied forces," Shi Kefan said with a smile.
Luo Zheng nodded and prepared to register.
Unexpectedly, just as Luo Zheng left the chamber, he saw a white figure shoot down like a meteor and smash the dome of the chamber.
"Bam!"
Broken pieces of rock flew in all directions. Xi Youqin who had been quietly following behind Luo Zheng shrunk her head and hid behind him like a little kitten.
Actually, as a Divine Core warrior, she could easily block all the flying debris with her protective Zhen Yuan. However, she didn't have the intention to do so, she just hid behind Luo Zheng.
Everyone looked over and saw that the white figure was indeed Ning Yudie!
Ning Yudie looked really pitiful right now.
Her long black hair, which had always been draped behind her, was now tied into a ponytail. This outfit made her look much livelier, but at this time, half of the ponytail was burnt and scattered on her shoulders.
Ning Yudie's body was covered with wounds as well. A few parts of her clothes were burnt, and there were even a few bruises on her face.
"Palace Chief!"
"Palace Chief! Are you alright? "
Seeing Ning Yudie in such a state, Daoist Dameng and a few Sect Elders from the Cloud Hall immediately went up and surrounded her.
Shi Kefan asked with concern, "Palace Chief Ning, were you attacked by the Tian Xie Sect?"
Ning Yudie replied with a relaxed expression, "I'm fine, I accidentally walked into their trap and suffered some minor injuries!"
It turned out that Ning Yudie had decided to launch a sneak attack on the Tian Xie Sect's campsite, which was located a thousand miles away. There were over 4000 independent warriors gathered in this campsite, and the weakest of them was at least at the Divine Reflection realm. There was only one Void Tribulation warrior among them.
When these Divine Reflection realm warriors joined forces and used Cui Xie's battle techniques, their power was truly astonishing. However, if Wu Zhanhe and Cui Xie weren't there, Ning Yudie would still be able to take them down. However, this time, Ning Yudie had underestimated the enemy, because the only Void Tribulation warrior was called Xuan Chen.
From the start, Ning Yudie had planned to take the life of the only Void Tribulation warrior first, so that she wouldn't be restricted later. As long as she killed that Void Tribulation warrior, the rest of the motley crew would be like a dish on a plate to Ning Yudie.
However, what Ning Yudie didn't expect was that this warrior called Xuan Chen was a bait from the start!
Yes, Cui Xie and Wu Zhanhe still hadn't made a move against Ning Yudie, but they had sent Xuan Chen. This person was the chief military advisor of the Kingdom of Evil Deities! This Xuan Chen had always been resourceful. This time, he had purposely led thousands of Divine Reflection realm warriors to set up a trap here, waiting for Ning Yudie.
The result was very smooth. Ning Yudie had indeed pounced into the trap he had set up.
From the moment Ning Yudie had prepared to assassinate Xuan Chen, she had already walked into one trap after another that Xuan Chen had set up.
Under Xuan Chen's command, the more than four thousand Illuminating Spirit Realm cultivators worked together in an orderly manner. These Illuminating Spirit Realm cultivators were nothing more than ants in Ning Yudie's eyes, but when they merged into a single entity, even Ning Yudie could not avoid them!
So Ning Yudie immediately fell into this trap. That Xuan Chen didn't panic. On one hand, he blocked her attacks, and on the other hand, he directed those Divine Reflection realm warriors to strangle Ning Yudie.
It could be said that Ning Yudie's strength was outstanding. Even though she had fallen into the trap set up by Xuan Chen, under her full strength, she had forcibly torn open a gap and escaped!
This was also the reason why Ning Yudie looked so miserable. Thousands of Divine Reflection realm warriors had joined forces to attack. There were all kinds of methods, wind, fire, lightning, poison. They greeted her uniformly. How could she not be miserable?
"Hall Master, please don't act on your own again!"
"Hall Master, this time the Tian Xie Sect set up a trap. Next time, I'm afraid they will personally take action. Please reconsider!"
A few Sect Elders were trying their best to persuade Ning Yudie. But, they had repeated the same thing countless times, and it didn't work at all.
Right at this moment, Ning Yudie suddenly saw Luo Zheng. At the same time, she also saw Xi Youqin who was standing behind Luo Zheng. She immediately raised her brows. That woman was still lying on Luo Zheng's back? Looking at her posture, it seemed like she was just trying to avoid the stones that flew out from the roof. Why would a Divine Core warrior be afraid of these things?
This woman was really pretentious!
Ning Yudie commented in her mind. After venting her dissatisfaction, she let out a cold snort and prepared to leave.
Right at this moment, Luo Zheng stood in front of Ning Yudie. Fei Han's words suddenly echoed in his mind. Women were meant to be coaxed, but how?
"What are you doing?" Ning Yudie raised her head and stared at Luo Zheng. Her phoenix eyes were filled with a ferocious killing intent. During this period of time, Ning Yudie had killed too many people, and naturally, she had absorbed a lot of killing intent.
However, aside from the killing intent, there was also a trace of panic in her eyes as she stared at Luo Zheng.
Shi Kefan, Yan Yueshan, Mo Haishan, and everyone from the Cloud Hall were all looking at Luo Zheng. No matter what, if Luo Zheng could persuade Ning Yudie, it would be a good thing. But, they had no idea how Luo Zheng could persuade her to stop leaving Heaven Awaken City alone.
"Xiao Die, don't be so stubborn …" Luo Zheng stared at Ning Yudie and said with a gentle voice.
Hearing Luo Zheng's words, many Void Tribulation Realm warriors in the meeting hall nearly fell to the ground.
This Luo Zheng really didn't treat himself as an outsider, nor did he treat Ning Yudie as a Hall Master!
Hearing Luo Zheng's tone, Ning Yudie's heart rippled slightly. However, from the corner of her eyes, she suddenly glanced at Xi Youqin behind Luo Zheng. When she saw the faintly discernible expression on Xi Youqin's face, the ripples in her heart were immediately covered by anger. Then, her voice rose an octave. "What did you call me? Is Xiao Die something you can call? You are a member of the Cloud Hall, and I am the Hall Master of the Cloud Hall. Then, I am the ruler, and you are only the subject! Luo Zheng, please understand your position clearly! "
When Shi Kefan saw this situation, he knew it was bad. He wasn't a member of the Cloud Hall, so he didn't know much about the relationship between Ning Yudie and Luo Zheng. Although the Elders of the Cloud Hall knew about it, they couldn't spread this matter outside. Could it be that Daoist Master Dameng had told Shi Kefan that his Hall Master was being so stubborn because of jealousy?
So, Shi Kefan hurried over and prepared to mediate.
＝＝＝＝＝

Chapter 716
However, before Shi Kefan could step forward, Luo Zheng got angry first.
Luo Zheng's personality had always been like this. Perhaps he didn't understand Elder Fei Han's words. Women were meant to be coaxed …
Originally, he wanted to gently persuade Ning Yudie, but he was slapped in the face by Ning Yudie. His face suddenly turned ugly.
Seeing the change in Luo Zheng's expression, Ning Yudie raised her head and sneered, "What? Am I wrong? "
"Right? That's right! "Luo Zheng chuckled, his face cold." You're right! You are the Hall Master of the Cloud Hall, a high and mighty figure. But now you are wrong! From now on, I am no longer a member of the Cloud Hall! "
This time, not only Shi Kefan felt bad, but everyone else also felt bad. It seemed like a fight was about to break out!
Ao Xiang couldn't get a word in this meeting hall, so he had been hiding in the corner and didn't speak. When he saw Luo Zheng daring to talk to the Hall Master of the Cloud Hall like this, he was stunned. This Luo Zheng was too fierce …
"Not a member of the Cloud Hall?" Ning Yudie sneered, "Do you think you can enter and leave the Cloud Hall as you wish? Those who leave the Cloud Hall without permission will be hunted down by the entire Cloud Hall! "
Shi Kefan, Yan Yueshan, and Mo Haishan finally squeezed in front of the two and separated them. Shi Kefan also made a "shh" gesture, indicating that the two should stop talking. Unexpectedly, it didn't work at all.
"I want to see how the Cloud Hall will hunt me down!" Luo Zheng didn't give in at all.
As soon as Luo Zheng spoke, he suddenly saw that Ning Yudie's eyes were filled with tears. Her face was full of sadness, and she was about to cry. She didn't quarrel with Luo Zheng anymore. Instead, she gritted her teeth and released her True Spirit. Her figure suddenly turned into an escape light, flying out of the Tianqi City!
"Hall Master!"
"Hall Master!"
When the several Elders saw this, they were shocked. Although Ning Yudie's injuries weren't serious and she only had some external injuries, she still needed to rest in Heavenly Awakening City for two days. How could she run away like this? As for Daoist Greatdream, he transformed into a streak of light, chasing after Ning Yudie.
Luo Zheng also seemed to be angry. He snorted coldly and left in a huff! Xi Youqin followed closely behind him.
As for Shi Kefan, Yan Yueshan, and the others, they exchanged glances.
"What do you think is going on with their quarrel? What kind of conflict is there between Luo Zheng and Ning Yudie? " Shi Kefan shook his head, puzzled. The dignified Hall Master of the Cloud Hall was actually crying in front of so many people. This was an inconceivable thing in itself.
"I don't feel it. I feel that the two of them are quarreling like children …" Yan Yueshan said.
Mo Haishan also didn't say anything. He stood to the side silently.
"Yes, you're right. The two of them aren't quarreling like children! It seems like they're quarreling with a couple! " When Shi Kefan said this, the three Alliance Masters' faces immediately revealed a certain expression. Shi Kefan's last guess seemed to be the most consistent with the truth of the matter.
This wasn't something that was very difficult to guess. It was just that no one in the Merchant Alliance knew about it. From the beginning, Ning Yudie didn't bring Luo Zheng with her. When the two of them met, they quarreled in a childish and boring tone. Other than this, there was no other possibility.
However, the three Alliance Masters shook their heads helplessly. Now that they were facing a powerful enemy, what were these two doing? Quarreling at this critical juncture was really too … capricious.
Luo Zheng walked in front, panting with rage. Xi Youqin followed closely behind him.
Before long, they arrived at the residence that the Merchant Alliance had arranged for Luo Zheng. It was an exquisitely decorated courtyard.
After entering the courtyard, Luo Zheng sat down angrily. Xi Youqin quickly helped Luo Zheng brew a pot of tea. She filled the teacup to the brim and placed it in front of Luo Zheng.
Seeing Luo Zheng's distressed appearance, Xi Youqin suddenly leaned over to Luo Zheng's back and shouted, "Luo Zheng!"
"Hm?" Luo Zheng stared blankly at the ceiling before responding.
"You're not magnanimous enough," Xi Youqin said.
Luo Zheng smiled helplessly and nodded silently.
Xi Youqin was right. He was indeed not magnanimous enough. Or rather, he was not magnanimous enough towards Ning Yudie.
In fact, Luo Zheng was only 20 years old. He had just passed the juvenile stage and entered the youth stage. Judging from the heart of martial arts, Luo Zheng was indeed a qualified warrior. It could even be said that he was a natural warrior!
But from another perspective, he was still a young man. When it came to relationships, his mentality was not good and he was not mature. Just like what Xi Youqin said, he was not magnanimous enough in front of Ning Yudie!
At this moment, Xun suddenly appeared beside Luo Zheng. She looked at Xi Youqin with a hint of ridicule. "Isn't this the result you wanted?"
Xi Youqin had always been afraid of Xun. What she was afraid of was not Xun's strength, but her words. She often made Xi Youqin feel at a loss.
But now, Xi Youqin nodded and said resentfully, "This is indeed the result I wanted, but Luo Zheng is not happy."
"How do you know if Luo Zheng is happy or not?" Xun asked again.
Xi Youqin shook her head and said, "He definitely won't be happy."
Indeed, just like what Xi Youqin said, Luo Zheng was very depressed for the next two days.
In the past, no matter what time it was, Luo Zheng would speed up his cultivation as long as he was free. But these two days, he spent all his time in a daze and sighed from time to time.
Sitting in the room, Luo Zheng stared blankly at the window. From time to time, Ning Yudie's face appeared in his mind. Does this woman like to cry so much? Isn't it just a sentence?
Thinking back and forth, Luo Zheng felt more and more irritable. He drank twenty jars of wine in one breath.
However, with his physique, let alone twenty jars, even if he drank two hundred or two thousand jars, he still wouldn't get drunk. Instead, the entire courtyard was filled with the smell of wine.
Xi Youqin was extremely fond of cleanliness. When she smelled the strong smell of wine, she frowned. She originally wanted to go to Luo Zheng's room, but in the end, she hesitated. After all, she wasn't the cause of his irritation. She also knew that she wasn't important to Luo Zheng. She couldn't untie the knot in his heart.
Two days later, Luo Zheng left Xi Youqin in Tianqi City. After registering with the World Business Alliance, they quickly formed a small team and accepted the mission issued by the Alliance. They left Tianqi City and went straight east.
The Tian Xie Sect expanded from east to west, step by step.
According to the previous Sect wars, the lower level warriors from both sides would fight each other until they gained the upper hand. Then, the middle level warriors would be dragged into the fight, and finally, the upper level warriors would be dragged into the fight. At that point, the Sect war would come to an end.
Of course, some Sects had conducted a 'blitzkrieg' before. When the Sect war had just begun, all the mighty warriors from the Sect would come out and 'kill' the top warriors from the opposing Sect.
Similar to the Sect wars, all kinds of strategies were used.
But this Sect war was different.
The Tian Xie Sect had used a strange strategy. They rarely used their top warriors, and even if they didn't use any of their top warriors, they would still be able to suppress the World Business Alliance and the Cloud Hall.
Therefore, Tianqi City had no choice but to use their top warriors to fight against the Tian Xie Sect's bottom warriors.
No matter if it was the Divine Core warriors, Void Tribulation warriors, or Divine Core warriors, all of them were divided into small groups and sent out in batches to ambush the Tian Xie Sect's army. They were constantly trying to break down the Tian Xie Sect's invasion. This was a method Tianqi City had come up with after they had no other choice.
In the beginning, this method was indeed effective. The top warriors were able to suppress the enemy, and the Tian Xie Sect was still in the stage of accumulating their strength. Therefore, they couldn't send out any more top warriors to fight back.
But recently, a few warriors from the Cloud Hall and the World Business Alliance had died one after another. Most of them were Mid Void Tribulation warriors, and some were even Late Void Tribulation warriors.
When Luo Zheng went to accept a mission, he bumped into Hua Tianming and the others who had just returned.
Half a month ago, Hua Tianming, Pei Tianyao, and Red Maple had all accepted a mission. But now, after completing their mission, they had to accept a new one.
Therefore, under Luo Zheng's request, the four of them formed a new team.
After learning that Luo Zheng had joined their team, Red Maple was so happy that he almost jumped up and down. Luo Zheng's heroic performance was still fresh in Red Maple's mind.
The three of them had come to a consensus. Luo Zheng's current strength was equivalent to an ordinary Life and Death warrior. With such an abnormal monster in their team, perhaps any problem they faced would be easily solved! Perhaps, their team's survival rate had also increased by a lot! How could they not be happy?
"Now that Luo Zheng has joined us, our team's name has to be changed! I think we should be called the Red Maple Team! "Red Maple said with a proud smile on his face.
Hua Tianming glared at Red Maple and said with a cold voice, "I don't agree, it sounds awful."
"Awful? How is that possible? Since we don't want to be called the Red Maple Team, then let's call it … the Bai Li Team! "Red Maple said with a grin on his face.
"It's still awful!" Hua Tianming shook his head.
The four of them kept flying at a low altitude, but Luo Zheng suddenly interrupted and said, "If that's the case, why don't you say it's called the Jia Lan Team?"
"Jia Lan … good name," Pei Tianyao suddenly nodded and praised. These two words were originally taken from Tantric Buddhism, meaning a guardian deity. However, Red Maple was still somewhat unhappy, "This name is inexplicable, I don't understand it at all. It's obviously not as domineering as I was before …"
Before he could speak, he heard a "whoosh" sound. Hua Tianming had already unsheathed his sword, so Red Maple tactfully shut his mouth.
Three days later, the Jia Lan Team appeared one thousand four hundred li east of Apocalypse City.
The Tian Xie Sect had originally started to expand from the east, but mainly from the northeast. However, since they had broken through Void Sky City, the entire east of the Central Domain had now been included in their expansion.
The four of them stood on a hillside and looked at a city not far away.
Hua Tianming took out the map in his hand and said while comparing it, "This city is called Tian Yun City. It's just a small city with a population of less than four hundred thousand."
The population of the central territory was truly too huge. For example, an extraordinarily large city like Heavenly Awakening City had a population that was counted in the hundreds of millions. On the other hand, even large cities like Void Sky City and Ocean of Clouds City had a population of a few tens of millions.
Therefore, a city with a population of only a few hundred thousand was indeed a small city.
"Although the population is small, this is a strategic military location. The Tian Xie Sect is building a Transmission Array here because it is located in a strategic location," Pei Tianyao said immediately.
Their mission this time was not to defeat the Tian Xie Sect's army, but to destroy the Transmission Array in Tian Yun City. Building a Transmission Array was not something that could be completed in a day or two. However, since the Tian Xie Sect planned to build a Transmission Array, there must be a lot of powerful martial artists guarding it.
"Only the four of us, can we complete it?" Red Maple's face showed a timid expression.
Pei Tianyao and Hua Tianming seemed to have gotten used to Red Maple's appearance and simply ignored him. This kid was naturally timid, but he still kept accepting missions. They didn't know if this kid was pretending to be timid or not!
"Let's go!" Hua Tianming ordered. Luo Zheng and the others had already rushed out.
Although this Sky Rhythm City was under the control of the Heavenly Evil Sect, most of the population were mortals. Basically, it was rare to see any cultivators. The construction of the Transmission Array was probably done in secret. The Heavenly Evil Sect couldn't send too many cultivators into the Sky Rhythm City with great fanfare. After all, that would arouse the suspicions of the Heavenly Awakening City.
However, what the Tian Xie Sect didn't know was that their news had already spread. Therefore, Luo Zheng led everyone to complete the mission of destroying the Transmission Array.
As soon as they entered the small city, someone tried to sell some specialties to Luo Zheng's group. Luo Zheng's group wasn't here for a tour, so they didn't care about these mortals. They directly explored the interior of Tian Yun City.
Luo Zheng suddenly spread out his perception. Tian Yun City wasn't big, so Luo Zheng used his perception to explore. If he could detect spatial fluctuations, he would naturally be able to find the location of the Transmission Array.
The problem was that the four of them had completely explored Tian Yun City, but there were no spatial fluctuations at all. This made Luo Zheng very puzzled!
"Something's wrong," Luo Zheng suddenly said vigilantly.
"I also feel that something's wrong!" Red Maple quickly said. Since entering Tian Yun City, he had been very nervous. It was said that timid people had an innate ability to escape. Red Maple was very timid, and his innate ability to escape was also very amazing. As long as Red Maple felt that something was wrong, there would always be a big crisis.
Hua Tianming looked back and forth. When they had just entered Tian Yun City, they could still see many mortals on the streets.
These mortals were still indifferent to the Sect wars between martial artists. Whether it was the Tian Xie Sect, the Cloud Hall, or the World Business Alliance, who controlled this small city had nothing to do with them.
"The people have disappeared," Hua Tianming's face showed a cautious expression.
Pei Tianyao also looked around vigilantly. He suddenly pointed at the city wall not far away. On the originally low city wall of Tian Yun City, a light blue barrier suddenly began to appear. It was this barrier that enveloped the entire small city!
At this time, the mortals who had disappeared opened their doors one by one and walked out.
"These people, what's wrong?" Red Maple looked at the mortals and asked strangely.
More and more people appeared on the streets of this small city. These people's eyes were lifeless, but they kept walking back and forth. Although they still had vitality, they looked like zombies without the slightest spirit.
"Trouble is coming," Luo Zheng's face sank and said to Hua Tianming, "You guys stay here!"
Although their team didn't appoint anyone as the leader, it was obvious at this time that only Luo Zheng was the core existence.
Hearing Luo Zheng's order, Hua Tianming drew his sword, sat cross-legged, hugged his sword, closed his eyes tightly, and began to accumulate power.
Hua Tianming was very clear that with Luo Zheng's current strength, if he was cautious, it was definitely an unprecedentedly strong enemy. Of course, Hua Tianming didn't dare to be negligent.
Like Hua Tianming, Pei Tianyao and Red Maple also had cautious expressions. They vigilantly stared at the mortals around them, even though these mortals were no threat to them.
Luo Zheng suddenly soared into the sky, turned into an escape light, and rushed towards the blue barrier. Before Luo Zheng could get close, he heard a faint laughter.
"Ahahaha! I didn't expect my luck to be so good today. The cage I set up in Tian Yun City actually captured a Middle Stage False Tribulation Realm cultivator! "At this time, a sharp voice suddenly sounded.
The voice even had a trace of childishness, like a three or four year old child. The voice was loud and sharp.
"Who are you?" Luo Zheng stared at the blue barrier and asked.
After a while, a faint silhouette appeared above the blue barrier. The silhouette gradually became clearer, revealing the appearance of a real person. However, Luo Zheng felt that this wasn't a real person, but a soul, or a projection of a soul.
Even on the Sea God Continent, Luo Zheng had never seen such a secret technique that could project one's soul.
Of course, in the Heavenly Feather Holy Land, Xun once talked to the Demon Night Clan's King. That was also a kind of soul projection, but it was beyond the scope of the Sea God Continent.
"Who are you? Answer me! "Luo Zheng frowned and asked.
As the silhouette became clearer, Luo Zheng saw a small boy. The boy looked delicate and cute, but his eyes were filled with ruthlessness.
"You don't need to know who I am. Once you enter my Mental Goblet, only death awaits you. Just like those guys, obediently die!" The boy's face was filled with childishness, but his words were filled with viciousness.
"Mental Goblet?" Luo Zheng asked unhurriedly.
The boy sneered, "There's no harm in telling you. I only need to gather the soul energy of the several hundred thousand mortals in this small city to project my soul! As for me, I have a Battle Soul Realm soul! "
Hearing the boy's words, Luo Zheng was speechless. It seemed like most of the False Tribulation Realm Elders who had died recently had died at the hands of this boy. Not to mention False Tribulation Realm Elders, even Life and Death Realm experts would find it hard to resist the soul of a Battle Soul Realm expert.
"You're not from the Central Domain, right?" Luo Zheng suddenly asked.
"So what if I am, so what if I'm not? You should die first! I'll tell you later! " The boy sneered and suddenly drilled into Luo Zheng's mind. Obviously, he wanted to use the advantage of his Battle Soul Realm to directly erase Luo Zheng's soul.

Chapter 717
Luo Zheng didn't know what method the boy used to project his soul into this small city.
But when he connected the dots to the strange scene in this small city with a population of several hundred thousand, and the boy mentioning something like the Spirit Cup, Luo Zheng guessed that he must have controlled the souls of these several hundred thousand mortals to allow the boy's soul to descend here.
Not only was this method inconceivable, but it was also extremely cruel.
Although the Sect Wars in the Central Domain were huge, and once a Sect War broke out, millions of disciples from both sides would be involved. It was truly a disaster with corpses strewn all over the place. However, it was rare for the common people to be involved.
Firstly, the combat strength of ordinary mortals in front of martial artists was close to zero. Secondly, the meaningless slaughter of mortals would attract too much baleful aura. The gains did not make up for the losses.
Moreover, these mortals were the foundation of the entire Central Domain. Countless geniuses were slowly born from these mortals. They were the cornerstone of the entire Central Domain's development. After all, the Central Domain didn't have a super cultivation holy land like the Sin Tower like the Sea God Continent. It could only rely on the accumulation of time and steadily develop.
If it weren't for the Seductive Sect, in another hundred years, one or two holy lands might have been born in the Central Domain. In another thousand years, there might be a seventh-rank holy land and several almighty Divine Sea Realm experts …
But this time, the Seductive Sect had broken the bottom line. They had no scruples at all.
Seeing the boy enter his mind, Luo Zheng didn't resist at all. Instead, he allowed the boy's soul to enter his mind.
"Have you given up resisting? The False Tribulation Realm martial artists of the Central Domain are too weak. Not only are they weak, but their souls are also weak beyond my imagination! " The boy sneered. The other False Tribulation Realm martial artists he had killed before had more or less put up some resistance. However, this martial artist in front of him didn't put up any resistance. According to the boy's estimation, Luo Zheng's soul was even weaker than the previous False Tribulation Realm martial artists.
Luo Zheng's soul floated quietly in his mind, its entire body glowing with a green luster. Luo Zheng's soul was only a step away from the Blue Soul Realm, but Qinglong had asked Luo Zheng to stop cultivating his soul and wait for his soul seed to be completed before he could break through to the Blue Soul Realm.
Creating a Soul Seed seemed to be a very complicated task. Even with Qinglong's vast knowledge, the progress was extremely slow.
But even so, the strength of Luo Zheng's soul far surpassed other warriors. Whether it was the Sea God Continent or the Central Domain, Luo Zheng had never met a second warrior with a Battle Soul Realm soul. Similarly, there were no Life and Death Realm warriors or Battle Saints on the Sea God Continent.
Luo Zheng estimated that only the Divine Sea Realm warriors from the Purple Heart Sacred Land and the Heavenly Feather Sacred Land could possess a Battle Soul Realm soul.
As for the cultivation of this boy's body, Luo Zheng didn't know, but it shouldn't be too far off …
Soon, the boy appeared in Luo Zheng's mind.
When the boy saw Luo Zheng, the sneer on his face suddenly froze. When the boy saw Luo Zheng's body glowing with a green luster, his voice trembled, "Blue, Blue Soul Realm?"
Luo Zheng smiled faintly, "My soul is indeed weak, but your soul is even weaker, just like an ant!"
As soon as Luo Zheng finished speaking, the boy flew out of Luo Zheng's mind with a "swoosh"! A battle between souls often happened in an instant. When the boy saw that Luo Zheng's soul was close to the Blue Soul Realm, how could he stay any longer?
"Since you're here, don't think you can leave!" Luo Zheng smiled faintly.
Then, from Luo Zheng's mind came a roar full of majesty!
"Roar!"
It was Qinglong's roar.
"What's that!"
The boy's face showed an extremely frightened expression. He saw that in the depths of Luo Zheng's mind, there seemed to be a huge dragon appearing. From the dragon's mouth, a ray of light rolled out. The ray of light emitted a great attraction, firmly nailing the boy's soul to the ground, unable to move at all.
Luo Zheng's soul floated in the void. He didn't intend to attack, but said to the boy indifferently, "I forgot to say, your opponent is not me, but it."
As soon as he finished speaking, the huge ray of light suddenly engulfed the boy, and then rolled him away …
Even if it was the powerful Evil Spirit of the Owl Beast, Qinglong had a way to capture it, not to mention that the boy was just a War Soul. How could he be Qinglong's opponent?
After Qinglong took the boy's soul away, he said to Luo Zheng, "This person's soul is very mixed. It should be formed by the souls of countless people gathered together. There's only a wisp of his soul in it."
"A wisp? Then the other souls must be the souls of the hundreds of thousands of ordinary mortals in this Sky Charm City. "Luo Zheng frowned.
"Yes, this boy seems to have used a kind of Soul Extraction Technique. He extracted a wisp of each person's soul and gathered it through his own soul," Qinglong said slowly.
Luo Zheng nodded, then opened his eyes and slowly descended towards Hua Tianming and the others.
"Luo Zheng, what happened? I think I just saw a soul enter your mind. "Hua Tianming's eyes were the sharpest, and there was a faint trace of worry on his face. A battle on the soul level was extremely dangerous, and he didn't know if Luo Zheng could deal with it properly.
"I've already killed it," Luo Zheng replied with a faint smile.
At this moment, the mortals in this small city opened their eyes one by one. However, most of them were holding their heads, and their spirits were dispirited. Some of them had even fainted on the ground.
A wisp of their souls had been extracted and used by the boy. After being swallowed by Qinglong, their souls were damaged at the same time, so they were naturally in pain.
Fortunately, Luo Zheng arrived in time. If this continued for a long time, the boy would have extracted the souls of these hundreds of thousands of mortals bit by bit. At that time, these hundreds of thousands of mortals would have become a group of walking corpses in their muddle-headedness.
At the same time, in the Void Spirit Sect, 10,000 kilometers away from Sky Charm City.
After the Tian Xie Sect conquered the Void Spirit Sect, they set the Void Spirit Sect as the temporary headquarters of the Tian Xie Sect!
In the center of the Void Spirit Sect's main hall, there was an eight-immortal offering table, and in the center of the table was a small Eight Trigrams Mirror. At this moment, a cracking sound came from the Eight Trigrams Mirror, and a crack appeared in the center of the Eight Trigrams Mirror!
At the same time, a painful scream came from the Eight Trigrams Mirror.
What appeared in the Eight Trigrams Mirror was the boy's face!
"Heartless Master! What happened to you? "
"Heartless Master, wait a moment, I'll go and invite the Monarch here!"
Several Virtual Tribulation Realm warriors who were waiting in the hall hurriedly flew away. This Heartless Master was extremely strange. Even though he was only projecting a soul in the hall, with such a perverted guy around, every breath was more dangerous. These Virtual Tribulation Realm warriors were nominally going to find Cui Xie, but in fact, they were taking the opportunity to escape.
After a while, Cui Xie's figure appeared in the hall.
Seeing a crack on the Eight Trigrams Mirror on the table, Cui Xie's face revealed a strange expression. He cupped his hands towards Heartless Master and asked, "Master, what's wrong?"
"Hmph, the wisp of soul I projected through the Eight Trigrams Mirror was destroyed!" The boy in the Eight Trigrams Mirror said coldly.
Cui Xie's face also revealed a surprised expression. He then asked, "Even if it's just a projected soul, it still has the strength of a Battle Soul Realm warrior. Who in the Central Domain can destroy your soul?"
"This person's soul is not only extremely powerful, but I also discovered a great secret!" The boy's face revealed a cold smile.
"Oh? What secret did you discover? "Cui Xie also revealed a look of interest.
"You don't need to know this. When the Astral Sea Storm is over, I will personally come to the Northern Heaven Region! Leave that boy to me! " The boy's face revealed a trace of an evil smile, and then his face gradually disappeared from the Eight Trigrams Mirror.
Hearing Heartless Master's words, Cui Xie's face darkened. Cui Xie could guess who Heartless Master was referring to. In the younger generation of the Central Domain, only Luo Zheng had such a powerful soul.

Chapter 718
Cui Xie was very clear about the origin of this Heartless Sweetheart.
On the other side of the Chaotic Astral Sea was a vast continent. There used to be seven Holy Kingdoms on this continent, as well as some other races.
Compared to that continent, the vast Central Domain could only be regarded as a large island.
Three of the seven Holy Kingdoms had been destroyed because of the war with the Dragon Bloodline Clan. Thus, the current situation of the four Holy Kingdoms was formed.
This Heartless Sweetheart was from the same Holy Kingdom as the Saintess he had met in the Heavenly Mist Immortal Tomb, Yu Da's Holy Kingdom!
After the last trip to the Heavenly Mist Immortal Tomb, the Life and Death Realm "Elder Gong" from Yu Da's Holy Kingdom had indeed fulfilled his promise. He had passed the inner jade slip of the Five Poison Scripture to Wu Zhanhe through a secret method. Over the past two years, Wu Zhanhe had spent most of his time comprehending the inner jade slip of the Five Poison Scripture.
As for the Saintess, although she had vowed in the Heavenly Mist Immortal Tomb that she would lead the experts of the Holy Kingdom to crush the Central Domain, it was impossible.
However, it was extremely difficult to cross the Chaotic Astral Sea.
In the sky above the depths of the Chaotic Astral Sea, there was an unusually violent Astral Sea Storm all year round. The Northern Heaven Domain and the four Holy Kingdoms were separated by this storm.
However, according to the Heartless Sweetheart, although this storm was continuous, it would weaken every few years. As long as the Astral Sea Storm weakened, the Saintess of Yu Da's Holy Kingdom would definitely go out and crush the Northern Heaven Domain.
From this point of view, Cui Xie and Yu Da's Holy Kingdom were not on the same side. With Cui Xie's character, he would never be willing to be a vassal. His ambition was not just the Central Domain. Even the four Holy Kingdoms were not his end. He, Cui Xie, was destined to set foot on a higher level!
However, for now, Cui Xie was cooperating with the Great Yu Divine Nation. Both sides were getting what they needed. Cui Xie had benefited a lot from the Great Yu Divine Nation. Therefore, he wouldn't refuse their help.
Earlier, Cui Xie had speculated that Luo Zheng's body must be hiding a huge secret. Unfortunately, Luo Zheng was too cunning. Last time, Luo Zheng was trapped in the Yunmeng Swamp, but he still managed to slip away. What was even more infuriating was that he even took away the Xi Family's young miss!
After that, Cui Xie and Wu Zhanhe joined forces and attacked the Void Spirit Sect. After that, they sent their men to the Cloud Hall and exchanged the Void Spirit Sect's Sect Chief, Daoist Qing Xu, for the young lady from the Xi family. In Cui Xie's opinion, this was a deal that was set in stone. The Void Spirit Sect's Sect Chief would be exchanged for a Divine Core junior, not to mention the young lady from the Xi family was the great granddaughter of Daoist Qing Xu.
What was even more unexpected was that Luo Zheng had actually taken away the young lady's Primordial Yin.
Because of this, Cui Xie's plan to set up the Heavenly Fiend Joyous Union Formation had failed. He had no idea how many years it would take before the next Extreme Purple Yin Body appeared and was found by Cui Xie.
Luo Zheng was too ruthless, as if he was Cui Xie's nemesis. Not only did Cui Xie want to get rid of that young man, he also wanted to take away the secret in Luo Zheng's body, and take away Luo Zheng's luck!
Besides, he couldn't afford to be slow. If those mighty warriors from the Great Yu Divine Nation arrived here, Cui Xie wouldn't have the chance to do so.
Thinking of this, Cui Xie also felt that he had to speed up his plan. As for Wu Zhanhe, it would be best if he told him not to go into seclusion!
In Sky Rhythm City, Luo Zheng and the others had completed their first mission. However, they didn't find the so-called "Transmission Array" here. This Sky Rhythm City was originally a trap set up by the Tian Xie Sect to lure and kill the False Tribulation Realm warriors of the alliance.
Luo Zheng didn't care if he could complete the task or not. In fact, he had rushed out in such a hurry because he was worried about Ning Yudie.
Although Ning Yudie had already broken through to the Life and Death Realm, when she went out alone, no one could find her. That day, Daoist Big Dream rushed out with Ning Yudie, but with Daoist Big Dream's speed, how could he track her? In the blink of an eye, they had disappeared into the horizon. Until now, there had been no news of Ning Yudie.
What if she became dizzy and directly charged into the headquarters of the Tian Xie Sect? With her strength alone, she definitely wasn't a match for Wu Zhanhe and Cui Xie …
"Since we didn't find the Transmission Array, we have to go back and report," Hua Tianming said to Luo Zheng.
Although their trip this time seemed to be very smooth, and they even broke the Spirit Cup set up by the boy, if it weren't for Luo Zheng, how could Hua Tianming, Red Maple, and Pei Tianyao break the Spirit Cup? Facing such a powerful soul attack, they would have most likely fallen by now.
"Wait," Luo Zheng's face showed a trace of hesitation.
"What's the matter?" Hua Tianming and Pei Tianyao's faces were suddenly filled with vigilance. Could there be something else in Sky Rhythm City?
At this time, Luo Zheng suddenly took out a white nameplate in his hand. This nameplate originally belonged to Ning Yudie. She had given it to Luo Zheng in the Road of Smelting Trial. This way, the two of them could directly use the nameplate to transmit sound.
Generally speaking, there were three ways for a martial artist to transmit sound. The first way was to directly transmit sound through True Essence. This method of transmitting sound was suitable for relatively short distances, at most a few hundred feet. The second way was to use a Sound Transmitting Talisman. The range of a Sound Transmitting Talisman was relatively long. There were Sound Transmitting Talismans hundreds of miles away, but the cost of making them was relatively expensive.
As for a Sound Transmitting nameplate, it had a range of about one or two hundred miles. Within this range, one could directly use the nameplate to transmit sound.
Holding Ning Yudie's nameplate, Luo Zheng poured a wisp of True Essence into it and tried to transmit sound, but the nameplate didn't respond in the slightest …
Luo Zheng's face showed a dim luster. It seemed that Ning Yudie wasn't within a hundred miles.
"Let's go back. We'll take another mission!" Luo Zheng faintly smiled.
Seeing Luo Zheng's neurotic appearance, Hua Tianming and the others looked at each other in dismay. They had no idea what Luo Zheng was up to.
On the way back, Luo Zheng poured True Essence into the nameplate every once in a while. The white nameplate didn't respond, but Luo Zheng didn't give up.
Halfway back, Luo Zheng once again poured True Essence into the nameplate. At this time, he suddenly discovered a trace of fluctuation coming from the nameplate!
Luo Zheng's eyes lit up. He hesitated for a moment, then asked, "Little Die … is that you?"
There was no response from the other side of the nameplate.
"She heard me." Luo Zheng was absolutely certain. Ning Yudie should be within a hundred miles of him, but in which direction?
Luo Zheng suddenly stopped.
"Boss, what's wrong?" Red Maple looked at the neurotic Luo Zheng and couldn't help but ask. Ever since Luo Zheng gave him a pair of low-grade sacred tools, Red Maple had been calling him boss non-stop.
"Are there any big cities around here?" Luo Zheng asked.
Hua Tianming also approached Luo Zheng with a strange expression and said, "To the southeast is River Wave City, but it's a stronghold built by the Tian Xie Sect. Most of the Tian Xie Sect's forces are gathered there, but it's easy to defend and hard to attack. Therefore, the Alliance has no plans to take River Wave City for the time being."
The Alliance and the Tian Xie Sect's forces were intertwined like canine teeth, and River Wave City was the Tian Xie Sect's sharpest tooth, ruthlessly nailed there. It was also an extremely important outpost of the Tian Xie Sect. It was said that the unpredictable military commander of the Tian Xie Sect, Xuan Chen, was guarding River Wave City!
Hearing Hua Tianming's words, Luo Zheng's eyes suddenly lit up. "It's there!"
Then, Luo Zheng turned into a streak of light and rushed towards River Wave City.
"Boss, what's going on?" Red Maple shrugged his shoulders.
"Follow him!" Hua Tianming and Pei Tianyao didn't hesitate and rushed forward. Now, they had almost unconditional trust in Luo Zheng.
Luo Zheng maintained a high speed in the sky. At the same time, he used the sound transmission nameplate to communicate with Ning Yudie. However, Ning Yudie didn't say a word …
"Hall Master!"
"Ning Yudie!"
"Xiao Die!"
"Can you say something?"
No matter what method Luo Zheng used, the other side still turned a deaf ear.
This deepened Luo Zheng's worries. When she was angry, who knew what unwise things she would do?
So what if she had the strength of a Life and Death Realm expert? Since Cui Xie had the support of the four Divine Kingdoms, their methods weren't something the Cloud Hall could resist. Even a Life and Death Realm expert wouldn't be enough in front of a Divine Kingdom.
After rushing for sixty to seventy li, Luo Zheng stared at River Wave City in front of him, his eyes suddenly bursting with rage!
＝＝＝＝＝

Chapter 719
Below the River Wave City, several tens of thousands of Divine Reflection warriors were sitting together neatly. All of them were wearing the Lascivious Sect's uniform, and they were sitting in meditation while constantly releasing their True Yuan.
Many of them would occasionally take out low grade True Yuan Stones and crush them, absorbing the True Yuan contained within. After that, they would release the True Yuan through their own bodies.
Above these tens of thousands of Divine Reflection warriors, there were several hundred Divine Core warriors flying back and forth. They gathered all their True Yuan together, forming a few thick True Yuan beams and sending them upwards.
Above these Divine Core warriors, there were six Void Tribulation warriors wearing green outfits. These six Void Tribulation warriors were the ones controlling the True Yuan beams and forming a huge rune. Within the rune, there was one person, Ning Yudie herself!
No one in River Wave City was a match for Ning Yudie.
If it was in the past, no Sect would have been able to gather all the cultivators in their Sect together and display their full strength. Under such circumstances, Ning Yudie alone could slaughter all the cultivators in River Wave City.
But now, this Heavenly Evil Sect had such a strange battle tactic. The Zhen Yuan of tens of thousands of Divine Illumination Realm disciples were gathered together, forming a great formation that could cover the sky and cover the sun. This great formation was controlled by six False Tribulation Realm cultivators, and it actually trapped the Life and Death Realm Ning Yudie in the air above River Wave City!
A tired expression emerged on Ning Yudie's face, but she didn't give up. Instead, she kept attacking the huge rune.
No one dared to underestimate the strength of a Life and Death warrior. Every time Ning Yudie started accumulating her True Yuan, a frightening cold energy would shoot out from Ning Yudie's body. Under the extreme cold energy, the rune that trapped Ning Yudie suddenly dimmed down.
But, she still couldn't escape from the rune.
When the True Yuan in the rune became scarce, the Divine Reflection warriors took out True Yuan Stones to replenish their True Yuan, then continued sending their True Yuan up.
These Divine Reflection warriors didn't need to be responsible for attacking, they only needed to use their True Yuan.
From this point of view, this tactic was similar to the Minor Universal Triple Slaughter Formation deployed by Luo Zheng. This was the principle behind the Minor Universal Triple Slaughter Formation. It used more than a thousand small runes to provide energy to a huge rune, and with a clear division of labor, the efficiency was greatly increased.
The six Void Tribulation warriors kept controlling their True Yuan and using the rune to attack Ning Yudie.
The space within the rune was about 300 meters. Ning Yudie was dodging their attacks, trying her best to avoid them. It wouldn't be easy for them to kill Ning Yudie.
For a moment, the two sides actually confronted each other like this.
Luo Zheng didn't know how long they had been facing each other, but now that he had suddenly rushed over and saw Ning Yudie's miserable state, how could he not feel heartache?
From the bottom of his heart, how could Luo Zheng not care about Ning Yudie?
Compared to Xi Youqin, Ning Yudie's position in Luo Zheng's heart was much more important. However, Luo Zheng was angry and contradicted Ning Yudie. How could he have known that she would run away in anger?
Not only did she run away, she even dared to rush into such a dangerous place by herself. This River Wave City was almost half of the Heavenly Evil Sect's forces. Even the entire Alliance avoided River Wave City. Did Ning Yudie really intend to take River Wave City by herself? Wasn't she taking her own life as a joke?
After a while, Hua Tianming, Red Maple, and Pei Tianyao also rushed over. Seeing the scene in front of them, their expressions changed greatly.
"Hall Master! The Palace Lord was actually trapped inside! Hurry back to Heaven Awaken City and call for reinforcements! "Seeing this, Red Maple immediately revealed his true nature … …
"It's too late." Hua Tianming said with a serious expression.
Pei Tianyao's eyes lit up as well. As members of the Cloud Hall, how could they just watch their Hall Master die in front of them?
Right at this moment, Luo Zheng turned to Hua Tianming and the others and said, "Don't attack them for now, just wait here."
These warriors from the Tian Xie Sect were using a unique combat tactic, and the force they unleashed was enough to trap even Ning Yudie. If Hua Tianming and the others rushed forward, they would just be cannon fodder. Luo Zheng's mind was spinning rapidly. How should he deal with the current situation?
Without saying anything, Hua Tianming hovered in the air and drew his longsword. He closed his eyes and began accumulating strength.
Although his combat strength was weak right now, when facing these disciples from the Tian Xie Sect, he could only barely suppress a Late Divine Core warrior. As for ordinary Early False Tribulation warriors, Hua Tianming was no match for them.
Unless he could use the Sword Eye to accumulate strength, only then would he have the strength to fight them. As for Pei Tianyao and Red Maple, they could only stand behind Hua Tianming and protect him. A battle at this level was not something warriors at their level could interfere with.
Luo Zheng hovered in the air and slowly approached River Wave City. He was only a few miles away from River Wave City. At the same time, he raised the message token and said with a low voice, "Xiao Die, I can see you."
While speaking, he stared at Ning Yudie who was trapped in the rune. She was trapped in the huge rune, and she had just dodged a scorching flame. Then, she raised her head and looked in Luo Zheng's direction. However, she didn't say anything, she just continued attacking the rune.
"You can hear me." Luo Zheng said again.
It looked like Ning Yudie could hear Luo Zheng's voice from the very beginning, but she didn't want to respond.
"Still not saying anything? If you don't want to talk, I'm leaving. "Luo Zheng suddenly said in a half-joking manner.
Right at this moment, Luo Zheng noticed that Ning Yudie had started attacking the rune. However, the rune was very stable, and Ning Yudie's attack didn't affect it at all. At the same time, Ning Yudie said, "You can leave now. You're no longer a disciple of the Cloud Hall. My life and death has nothing to do with you."
Hearing Ning Yudie's words, Luo Zheng sighed in his mind. This woman was really stubborn. After thinking for a moment, Luo Zheng decided to restrain his temper. Then, he suddenly said, "I'm sorry, Xiao Die."
"Sorry for what?" Ning Yudie replied with an expressionless face.
"I shouldn't have spoken to you like that." Luo Zheng suddenly began to admit his mistake.
Ning Yudie pursed her lips. The zhenyuan in her hand turned into a blue frost wall, blocking in front of her. Suddenly, a circle of raging fire appeared in the rune. As soon as the circle of raging fire appeared, it tried to bind Ning Yudie.
Although the raging fire was powerful, it still couldn't break through Ning Yudie's frost wall.
"You shouldn't have done anything wrong. Aren't all the things you men do right?" Ning Yudie suddenly asked.
Luo Zheng's face revealed a trace of a bitter smile. It looked like Ning Yudie still cared about Xi Youqin's matter …
At this critical moment, Ning Yudie still had the interest to bring up this matter. Luo Zheng really admired her.
"I admit that I was wrong, okay?" Luo Zheng suddenly said pitifully.
"Too late," Ning Yudie replied.
"Then how do you want to forgive me?" Luo Zheng asked again.
"I'll forgive you if you die." The frost wall around Ning Yudie melted bit by bit. She suddenly sent out a stream of zhenyuan and began to reinforce the frost wall.
"Then I'll go die." Luo Zheng smiled and suddenly flew towards River Wave City!
"Ah!"
Seeing Luo Zheng madly rushing down, Ning Yudie couldn't help but cover her mouth and cry out softly. Was this guy crazy?
Although Ning Yudie was in a difficult situation, it wasn't certain that she would die. Even if others didn't act, she might still be able to escape!
She was trapped inside and was also looking for a way to break out. This kind of battle method that combined the power of tens of thousands of people was not without flaws. The zhenyuan gathered together was very heterogeneous. Not to mention the zhenyuan of tens of thousands of people, even the movements of six False Tribulation Realm martial artists could not be unified. As long as Ning Yudie had enough time, she believed that she could find a flaw using this.
If it was in the past, Ning Yudie would definitely warn Luo Zheng not to come over. Even if she couldn't break out of this battle method, it wouldn't be difficult for her to escape unscathed by using her trump card.
Now that Luo Zheng suddenly joined in, things became much more troublesome. Luo Zheng didn't know how terrifying this battle method was. How could Ning Yudie not be nervous now?
Xuan Chen, who was the most important person in River Wave City, suddenly revealed a cold smile when he saw a middle stage False Tribulation Realm martial artist rush out from not far away. "Another headless fly has entered the birdcage?"
Birdcage …
This kind of battle method that combined the power of tens of thousands of people was indeed passed down from the Great Yu Divine Nation. However, it seemed like Cui Xie and Wu Zhanhe weren't good at commanding. On the contrary, Xuan Chen was a natural commander. Under his command, the actions of tens of thousands of people were highly unified.
This kind of battle method had its own name, but Xuan Chen liked to call it the 'Birdcage'. Setting up a cage and waiting for the birds outside to break in, using the word 'Birdcage' to describe it was a more appropriate way to describe it.
Even the Palace Master of the Cloud Hall was trapped by Xuan Chen. As for that False Tribulation Realm martial artist, he should just kill him! Xuan Chen thought for a moment, then he extended his hand and took out a black war flag. After that, he waved it in the air and drew a special shape.
The Divine Reflection Realm martial artists on the ground didn't do anything, they were still sending their True Yuan up. On the other hand, the Divine Core martial artists in the middle started flying back and forth, changing the direction of their True Yuan and shooting it towards one of the False Tribulation Realm martial artists.
Originally, there were six False Tribulation Realm martial artists who had formed the huge talisman and trapped Ning Yudie within it. But now, three of them had split up and used the True Yuan sent up from the ground to attack Luo Zheng.
In other words, among these tens of thousands of martial artists, about half of them had turned their attention to attacking Luo Zheng.
With this, the pressure on Ning Yudie was greatly reduced, but Luo Zheng didn't show any fear on his face.
If Xuan Chen knew that this man was Luo Zheng, he wouldn't have just sent half of his strength to Luo Zheng. In Xuan Chen's opinion, this was more than enough. With the combined strength of tens of thousands of Divine Reflection Realm martial artists, there was no way a False Tribulation Realm martial artist could resist them!
Seeing this, Ning Yudie became anxious. Although she could protect herself within the talisman, it would take her a long time to break through it.
"Die!" Xuan Chen let out a cold laugh. He waved the black war flag in his hand once again, and at the same time, a yellow war flag appeared in his other hand. He lightly twirled it around his hand.
Zzz zzz zzz zzz …
The True Yuan of tens of thousands of Divine Reflection Realm martial artists turned into a huge blue electric net, wrapping around Luo Zheng. At the same time, the electric net started shrinking violently. The power it unleashed was far stronger than any ordinary False Tribulation Realm martial artist's attack.
In the distance, Hua Tianming's eyes were tightly shut. He knew that Luo Zheng was in great danger, so he was rapidly accumulating power. However, although the power of the "Sword Eye" was terrifying, it still needed a long time to activate.
As for Pei Tianyao and Red Maple …
Apart from acting as Hua Tianming's guards, the two of them could only watch from the sidelines!
"Boom!"
When the electric net shrank to its limit, it suddenly burst out with a blazing white light. After it completely condensed, its aura and power were comparable to a Life and Death Realm martial artist's full strength attack!
Ning Yudie's heart suddenly trembled, and a strong sense of regret spread through her heart.
"Luo Zheng!"
Even if it was Ning Yudie herself, if she was hit by this attack head-on, without any defense, she wouldn't be able to escape.
Although she knew that Luo Zheng's physique was extraordinary, and that he had already broken through to the False Tribulation Realm, could he really block it?
"You really want to die because of a sentence? Do you have to be so stupid?" Ning Yudie stared at the ball of light, her face full of worry!
After a while, the blazing white light slowly dissipated. Many martial artists' eyes were focused there. Xuan Chen's face had a cold smile. He should have turned into ashes, right?
However, when the light completely dissipated, he saw Luo Zheng's figure standing there unscathed, with a faint smile on his face. Seeing this, Xuan Chen's face suddenly became gloomy.
"Am I stupid?" Luo Zheng said to the Sound Transmission Nameplate in his hand.
Seeing that Luo Zheng was safe and sound, Ning Yudie's hanging heart immediately relaxed, but then her face darkened, and she said in a cold voice, "You'd better die!"
To be honest, the True Essence of tens of thousands of martial artists in the Divine Reflection Realm was indeed terrifying. Even if Luo Zheng had the body of a High-Grade Immortal Weapon, he still couldn't resist such a terrifying power. If Luo Zheng had taken that blow with his body, he would have been seriously injured even if he didn't die.
However, before the power suddenly erupted, Luo Zheng took the initiative to operate the power of the Law of Space, allowing himself to float outside the space!
This was the horror of the Law of Space. The Law of Space and the Law of Time were the two most mysterious laws among all the laws. It was not easy to control these laws, but once it was mastered, it had a very terrifying effect.
Now that Luo Zheng had comprehended the second level of the Law of Space, he was like a fish swimming in the space. No matter how stormy the waves were, Luo Zheng could be like a fish in water. It was very difficult to injure him unless the opponent was also proficient in the Law of Space!
Facing this brat who had suddenly appeared, Xuan Chen realized that he was in big trouble.
Previously, Xuan Chen relied on the "birdcage" to guard River Wave City safely. Occasionally, he would even lead thousands of martial artists out to gain experience. Ordinary martial artists in the False Tribulation Realm were no match for Xuan Chen. He only needed to wave the battle flag to easily kill those martial artists in the False Tribulation Realm.
This time, as soon as Xuan Chen returned to River Wave City, he suddenly encountered the Hall Master of the Cloud Hall. That woman attacked River Wave City like a madman.
In a hurry, thousands of people in River Wave City died in her hands. Even Xuan Chen himself almost lost his life in front of Ning Yudie. Fortunately, he ran fast and quickly organized all the martial artists in River Wave City to quickly set up his "birdcage"!
This time, Xuan Chen realized that he had caught a big bird. A Life and Death Realm expert was actually going to be killed by him. How could Xuan Chen not be excited?
It was only a matter of time. As long as Ning Yudie could not break out of the "birdcage", her Zhen Yuan would eventually be exhausted. At that time, wouldn't she be at the mercy of others?
Moreover, Xuan Chen had other plans!
That woman was the Hall Master of the Cloud Hall. She was probably the most powerful woman in the Central Domain. What was commendable was that she was still astonishingly young. She should not be married yet! If he could capture this woman alive, Xuan Chen had already begun to fantasize.
However, Xuan Chen was very confident that he could turn his fantasies into reality. As long as he exhausted this woman's Zhen Yuan, he had many methods in his hands to make her lose the ability to resist. He could even make her lose her spirit and become a slut …
Therefore, Xuan Chen was very patient in this battle. Under that patience, there was a soul that was as hungry as a wolf.
He never expected that a False Tribulation Realm martial artist would appear at this time.
River Wave City was the outpost of the Tian Xie Sect. For the time being, Heaven Awakening City would not send troops to attack River Wave City. However, why did this guy suddenly appear?
When Xuan Chen saw this False Tribulation Realm martial artist, he immediately used the power of the "birdcage" and prepared to kill him instantly.
However, he never expected that the False Tribulation Realm martial artist's strength would be far beyond Xuan Chen's imagination. With Xuan Chen's experience, he did not know what method Luo Zheng had used to avoid his attack.
He only knew that he was in danger now.
However, at this juncture, Xuan Chen would not easily retreat, let alone escape. River Wave City was a solid fortress. How could he escape? Could he outrun the Hall Master of the Cloud Hall?
Right now, Xuan Chen could only fight to the death.
Whoosh! Whoosh!
Xuan Chen quickly waved the flag. The six False Tribulation Realm elders also quickly changed their positions. On one hand, they extracted Zhen Yuan to support the rune in the sky. On the other hand, they formed another huge rune at the same time. As soon as the rune appeared, it suddenly enveloped Luo Zheng.
How could Luo Zheng do as Xuan Chen wished? He did not stop at all. He flew directly towards the Divine Reflection Realm martial artists below River Wave City. As long as these Divine Reflection Realm martial artists continuously supported the False Tribulation Realm martial artists above, this formation could not be broken.
Luo Zheng saw the problem at a glance. He sneered at the Divine Reflection Realm martial artists. Since these independent martial artists had chosen to rely on the Tian Xie Sect, they had to be prepared to die.

Chapter 720
All the Divine Reflection Realm warriors were sitting upright in rows. When they saw Luo Zheng diving down from the sky, their expressions changed dramatically.
They didn't know who Luo Zheng was, but just now, three Void Tribulation warriors and over ten thousand Divine Reflection Realm warriors couldn't do anything to Luo Zheng, so how could they possibly fight back?
Furthermore, Xuan Chen had given out a strict order, no one was allowed to retreat without permission. Even if they had to die, they had to die on the spot, and those who disobeyed the order would be killed without mercy!
Therefore, with Luo Zheng's incredible speed, these Divine Reflection Realm warriors became Luo Zheng's targets. With Luo Zheng's current strength, these Divine Reflection Realm warriors were no different than ants.
Luo Zheng was in River Wave City. Wherever he went, broken limbs and blood would fly all over the sky, forming a clear trail of blood.
At first, these Divine Reflection Realm warriors were able to hold their ground, as the Tian Xie Sect's deterrence was still very strong for these temporary independent warriors. But, as Luo Zheng kept slaughtering, the murderous aura unleashed from his body became stronger and stronger. Finally, these Divine Reflection Realm warriors who were sitting still couldn't hold on any longer.
None of them were willing to be killed like ants by Luo Zheng.
"That guy is crazy!"
"Staying here will only lead to death!"
"Run!"
At first, there were only a few warriors running for their lives. The Military Governors who were standing on both sides of the street were waving the huge blades in their hands, stopping these warriors from running away. Those who dared to run away were all killed by the Military Governors.
However, the number of warriors who chose to run for their lives was like an avalanche. More and more warriors were running away, and eventually, all the warriors in River Wave City were flying away in all directions …
Tens of thousands of Divine Reflection Realm warriors were running away in all directions. Even Xuan Chen couldn't control them all. There was no way he could kill all these Divine Reflection Realm warriors. Besides, Xuan Chen himself didn't have the ability to do so.
When the middle ranked Divine Core warriors saw that the situation was getting worse, they didn't want to stay put any longer. They immediately joined the fleeing army.
These independent cultivators did not have much loyalty to begin with. They chose the Tian Xie Sect because the Heavenly Evil Deities Nation was powerful. In the future, when the Heavenly Evil Deities Nation ruled the Central Domain, they would be able to get a share of the profits. However, to independent cultivators, their own lives were the most important.
Without a supply of true essence, how could the six Nihility Tribulation Realm cultivators trap Ning Yudie?
The huge rune covering Ning Yudie gradually began to dissipate. Then, Ning Yudie slightly raised her hand, and a little bit of snow-white light condensed in her hand, quickly forming a Profound Ice Halberd.
She looked coldly at Xuan Chen and said coldly, "Die!"
When Xuan Chen saw that the situation was getting worse, he immediately retreated out of River Wave City. But, how could Xuan Chen escape from Ning Yudie?
Ning Yudie gently waved the Profound Ice Halberd, and with a sway of her body, a long Ice Phoenix feather was dragged behind her, and it kept fluttering in the air.
"Huff … huff … huff …"
When Ning Yudie was a few dozen meters away from Xuan Chen, she immediately felt that her movements had slowed down. Not only was her flying speed slowed down, even the rotation of her true essence within her Dantian had slowed down.
As Xuan Chen's speed slowed down, Ning Yudie arrived in front of him in an instant. She stared at Xuan Chen with her cold eyes, then she gently blew at him.
In the blink of an eye, Xuan Chen's body was covered by a layer of frost, and his entire body was frozen into a pile of ice!
Before Xuan Chen could fall to the ground, Ning Yudie had already waved the Profound Ice Halberd in her hand and smashed it onto the human-shaped pile of ice.
"Clang!"
Xuan Chen's entire body was instantly smashed into pieces of ice.
On the other side, Luo Zheng was constantly chasing after the six Virtual Tribulation Realm warriors. When the six Virtual Tribulation Realm warriors saw that the situation was not good, they complained incessantly in their hearts. Naturally, they also chose to escape, and they fled in different directions. They flew in six different directions.
After Luo Zheng chased after two people, he stopped. He was afraid that Ning Yudie would run away again. Otherwise, with Luo Zheng's current speed, he could at least chase after three or four Virtual Tribulation Realm warriors.
Sure enough, just as Luo Zheng expected, after Ning Yudie killed Xuan Chen, she glared fiercely at Luo Zheng in the distance, then turned into a white light and flew towards the south!
Seeing this, the vital essence in Luo Zheng's body suddenly erupted, and he also increased his speed to the extreme, chasing after Ning Yudie.
As for Hua Tianming and the others, they could only stare blankly at the two people flying away, looking at each other in dismay.
"What should we do?!" Red Maple asked with his eyes wide open.
"No need to chase. Let's go back and report. The fall of River Wave City is probably the best news in a while!" Hua Tianming immediately said. It seemed that there was some conflict between the Palace Master and Luo Zheng, but the situation should not be too bad. Besides, with their speed, it was impossible for them to catch up with Luo Zheng, so they might as well go back and report truthfully.
Although Ning Yudie's speed was also extremely fast, Luo Zheng was not slow at all. The two lights, one in front and one behind, drew an arc on the boundary of the Central Domain.
Seeing that she could not get rid of Luo Zheng, Ning Yudie suddenly stopped in mid-air and pointed her Profound Ice Halberd at Luo Zheng, pointing it directly at Luo Zheng. "Why are you following me?"
Seeing that Ning Yudie had stopped, Luo Zheng immediately approached her slowly and said indifferently, "As a Palace Master, you don't have the slightest awareness and act so recklessly on the battlefield! Have you ever thought about the Cloud Hall? "
Faced with Luo Zheng's questioning, Ning Yudie gritted her teeth. "What does it have to do with you what I do?"
Luo Zheng smiled faintly and continued to approach Ning Yudie.
Ning Yudie's Profound Ice Halberd shook. "Don't come any closer!"
How could Luo Zheng listen to Ning Yudie's warning? He continued to walk slowly towards Ning Yudie, and his eyes gradually became gentle.
Seeing that Luo Zheng and Ning Yudie were getting closer and closer, she suddenly waved the Profound Ice Halberd in her hand and fiercely smashed it on Luo Zheng's body.
"Bang!"
When the Profound Ice Halberd smashed on Luo Zheng's body, Luo Zheng immediately smashed down like a meteor.
Even though Ning Yudie did not use her Quintessential Essence in this attack, the power of a Life and Death Realm warrior's subsequent attack was not the slightest bit inferior.
"Boom!"
Luo Zheng's entire body plunged into the ground.
If other False Tribulation Realm warriors were hit by Ning Yudie's attack, even if they did not die, they would probably be seriously injured.
With the strength of Luo Zheng's body, apart from the strands of Primordial Chaos Dipper, there was naturally no harm done to him.
After Luo Zheng climbed up from the big pit, he immediately flew towards Ning Yudie again with a very persistent expression on his face. This time, just as Luo Zheng approached, Ning Yudie suddenly waved the Profound Ice Halberd in her hand and smashed Luo Zheng down again!
"Don't come any closer!" Ning Yudie sternly shouted at Luo Zheng.
Luo Zheng remained unmoved and continued to rush towards Ning Yudie.
In this way, Luo Zheng was repeatedly smashed into the ground by Ning Yudie. Gradually, one big pit after another appeared on the spacious and flat ground around him.
After repeating this more than ten times, more than ten big pits appeared on the ground …
In the end, Ning Yudie could no longer smash Luo Zheng down. The Profound Ice Halberd hung weakly to the side as she stared blankly at Luo Zheng.
Luo Zheng continued to fly towards Ning Yudie unhurriedly, slowly passing by her Profound Ice Halberd. This time, Ning Yudie finally did not smash Luo Zheng down.
The distance between the two grew closer and closer. Then, Luo Zheng reached out towards her and hugged her in his arms. He said faintly, "Don't be willful anymore."
Ning Yudie's petite body suddenly tensed up and a loud explosion sounded in her head. Her pair of beautiful eyes faintly glistened with tears. Then, she heard Ning Yudie nod and let out a soft "En".
The two of them did not say anything else and just hugged each other like this.
Three days later, Ning Yudie finally returned to Tianqi City.
The news of Jiangbo City being destroyed by Ning Yudie and Luo Zheng had already spread throughout Tianqi City. Ever since the Tian Xie Sect started fighting, Jiangbo City had been like a wedge nailed to a strategic location. Tianqi City was not willing to send troops to Jiangbo City because of various considerations. The biggest concern was that they were afraid that Cui Xie would directly start a decisive battle with the Alliance.
Now, the Tian Xie Sect was very powerful. Even if the Cloud Hall and the World Business Alliance joined forces, their strength was still slightly inferior. Both sides were currently accumulating their strength.
However, after Jiangbo City was forced to retreat, this concern finally came true.
As expected, Cui Xie lost his patience. He led the Tian Xie Sect's army out in full force and headed straight for Tianqi City.
In the eyes of the World Business Alliance, the main reason why Cui Xie chose to make a move at this time was probably because Jiangbo City had been destroyed.
What they did not know was that Cui Xie chose to make a move in advance because of Luo Zheng. He wanted to make a move before Heartless Sweetheart crossed the Chaotic Astral Ocean and intercept Luo Zheng's secrets for himself.

Chapter 721
The entire Apocalypse City was making preparations for this decisive battle.
Every day, hundreds of runes would be sent out from the Runic Tower and placed in every corner of Apocalypse City.
All the martial artists had already given up on cultivating. With the decisive battle before them, no matter how crazily they cultivated, it would be useless and wouldn't play a decisive role.
Every day, over a hundred scouts from the General Commerce League would return from the frontlines. The Heavenly Evil Sect had chosen to march into Tianqi City with great momentum. They didn't care about their whereabouts being exposed at all. Cui Xie was very confident in this battle. What he wanted to do was to crush them, to crush Tianqi City completely!
As for the people from the Cloud Hall … If Ning Yudie and Luo Zheng were holed up in the Cloud Hall, it would be troublesome for Cui Xie. Since they had chosen to join forces with the World Business Alliance, then the Tian Xie Sect would destroy them all in Apocalypse City!
As long as he defeated the World Business Alliance and the Cloud Hall, no one in the entire Central Domain would be able to stop Cui Xie. Fourth grade sects like the Mysterious Yin Mansion, Black Mountain Sect, and Blood Wood Cliff could only bow their heads and let Cui Xie slaughter them. They had no other choice!
"Reporting! The Tian Xie Sect's army has appeared 1,800 li south of Apocalypse City! "
"Reporting! The Tian Xie Sect's army has appeared 1,000 li south of Apocalypse City! "
"Reporting … 600 li south of Apocalypse City!"
"Reporting …"
The Tian Xie Sect's army didn't advance quickly. However, as they slowly approached Apocalypse City, the pressure on the World Business Alliance and the Cloud Hall was increasing!
In the past few days, Ning Yudie's mood had calmed down a lot.
On the way back to the city with Luo Zheng, the two of them were deeply entangled with each other. Luo Zheng told Ning Yudie that if he could survive this battle and save Luo Yan, he would hold a Dual Cultivation Ceremony with Ning Yudie.
Ning Yudie coquettishly refused. How could she, a Hall Master, marry a disciple of the Cloud Hall? Wouldn't that mess up the seniority?
Luo Zheng was still a disciple of the Cloud Hall, but how could Luo Zheng let her do as she pleased?
After returning to Apocalypse City, the two of them rarely met. However, when the Elders of the Cloud Hall saw Ning Yudie's condition, they gradually relaxed. The final battle was imminent. The Alliance's side was originally inferior to the Tian Xie Sect. As the Hall Master, Ning Yudie couldn't be in a situation like this.
One day later, Luo Zheng left the courtyard. The Tian Xie Sect was approaching Apocalypse City. If there were no accidents, today would be the day of the battle.
Xi Youqin was wearing casual clothes. She calmly looked at Luo Zheng, but there was a faint trace of worry on her face. Like an ordinary woman, she helped Luo Zheng tidy up his clothes and then warned him, "Be careful …"
"En!" Luo Zheng nodded and immediately rushed towards the Conference Hall in Apocalypse City.
After Luo Zheng left, Xi Youqin blinked her eyes and faintly looked in the direction Luo Zheng left. "Don't worry, I won't let you die …"
Soon, the tenderness in her eyes disappeared and was replaced by a serious expression. Soon, she took out a black Taoist robe from her Sumeru Ring.
This Taoist robe was the disciple robe of the Void Spirit Sect. She wasn't a disciple of the Void Spirit Sect. When she was fourteen years old, she argued with her father and insisted on this robe. After a few years, her figure had become much slimmer and straighter. Now, it didn't fit her well, especially when her chest was tight, which made her feel a little uncomfortable.
But today, she also had to fight!
Perhaps it was for Luo Zheng, for her Xi Family, and for the destroyed Void Spirit Sect.
After a while, Xi Youqin, who had changed into the Void Spirit Sect's disciple robe, quietly rushed towards the side door of the Void Spirit Sect.
The army of the Tian Xie Sect had appeared directly opposite Void Sky City. The black mass of independent martial artists formed one square formation after another. In addition to the numerous independent martial artists, there were many Nihility Tribulation Realm martial artists in the sky, as well as two Life and Death Realm martial artists, Wu Zhanhe and Cui Xie!
The army quietly stood ten miles in front of the Apocalypse City Gate.
Aside from the martial artists, there were also some strange things in the army. For example, there was a huge lampstand held up by more than a hundred Divine Core warriors. In the center of the lampstand was a huge wick. The wick was dark, and it was extinguished.
On the other side of the lampstand were two huge coffins. One was black, and the other was white. No one knew what was inside the coffins.
As for the army of the Tian Xie City, Shi Kefan, Yan Yueshan, and Mo Haishan were standing at the top of the city wall. The three fat men had solemn expressions on their faces. As for the tycoon of the World Business Alliance, he was sitting cross-legged on a rattan chair, meditating with his eyes closed.
Ning Yudie led all the Nihility Tribulation Realm martial artists in the Cloud Hall and stood on the other side, looking at the Tian Xie Sect with an indifferent expression.
Not long after that, a beam of light suddenly flew over from the Tian Xie City. It was Luo Zheng.
As soon as Luo Zheng arrived, he exchanged a glance with Ning Yudie. Both of their eyes were filled with tenderness. Luo Zheng shifted his gaze and stared straight at Cui Xie in the distance. Even if the two of them were separated by ten miles at this moment, they still quickly noticed each other.
Cui Xie's figure suddenly moved towards the Tian Xie City. Facing all the martial artists in the city, he let out a wild laugh and said, "The Heavenly Kingdom of Evil Deities will unify the Central Domain! As the saying goes, the Heavenly Dao is vast, and its power is limitless! Those who follow it will prosper, and those who go against it will perish! The Heavenly Kingdom of Evil Deities represents the Heavenly Dao. If any martial artist is willing to submit to the Heavenly Kingdom of Evil Deities, I, Cui Xie, will not refuse them. Those who resist are destined to bring about their own destruction! "
Cui Xie poured his Quintessential Essence into his voice and spread it towards the Tian Xie City. His voice was as loud as thunder, and the entire Tian Xie City, from the martial artists to the commoners, felt their ears hurt from the vibrations!
Many of the martial artists in the Tian Xie City fell silent. At this point in time, naturally, no one would really submit to Cui Xie. However, Cui Xie did not expect his words to be useful. It was just that before the start of the war, his words could greatly suppress the enemy's morale and increase his own.
"Ha!"
"Ha!"
"Ha!"
As soon as Cui Xie's voice fell, the independent martial artists behind him suddenly roared.
Facing Cui Xie's provocation, Shi Kefan was about to speak when Luo Zheng spoke first. He also poured his Quintessential Essence into Cui Xie and coldly said two words to him. "Bullshit!"
His two words were like a clap of thunder, no less loud than Cui Xie's. Although these two words were vulgar, they were simple and powerful. They completely despised the Heavenly Kingdom of Evil Deities!
Hearing Luo Zheng's words, Cui Xie's face flashed with anger. However, that anger instantly dissipated and was replaced by a trace of greed. In Cui Xie's eyes, Luo Zheng was like a moving treasure trove!
In just a few years, this boy had risen to his current level. If Cui Xie were to obtain all of Luo Zheng's secrets, who in this world would be able to stop him?
"Luo Zheng! Do you dare to fight me head-on? Last time, I chased you all the way across half of the Central Domain. Do you still want to be a coward this time? "Cui Xie sneered at Luo Zheng, his body shrouded in a black aura.
Before the Sect War started, it was very common for experts from both sides to challenge each other to a duel.
This kind of thing often happened even among mortals. When the generals of both sides challenged each other to a duel, the winning side's morale would naturally soar, while the losing side's morale would plummet!
From Cui Xie's tone, it was obvious that he wanted to challenge Luo Zheng …
After all, Cui Xie was a Life and Death Realm martial artist. Moreover, he was the strongest person in the Central Domain with the highest cultivation base. Even if he were to challenge Luo Zheng, he would usually choose Ning Yudie or that ancient tycoon of the World Business Alliance.
At this time, challenging Luo Zheng to a duel seemed somewhat shameless.
The ancient tycoon opened his eyes and gently floated up from the rattan chair. He said to Cui Xie with an extremely old and hoarse voice, "The dignified number one person in the Central Domain is challenging a junior to a duel. You really don't have a bottom line. How about this old man play with you?"
The ancient tycoon's voice was hoarse, but just like Luo Zheng and Cui Xie, everyone inside and outside the Heaven Awakening City heard him clearly.
Ning Yudie also floated up and faintly smiled at Cui Xie, "Cui Xie, I, the Hall Master, am here, yet you're challenging a disciple of my Cloud Hall. Aren't you afraid of lowering your status?"
Cui Xie coldly snorted. His gaze was like a knife as he stared at Luo Zheng and asked, "Luo Zheng, do you dare?"
＝＝＝＝＝

Chapter 722
Luo Zheng clenched his fists tightly. Although he maintained a calm expression, he was extremely excited in his heart.
When he was still in the Blue Cloud Sect, Luo Zheng had listed Cui Xie as one of his must-kill targets. Even if he managed to save Luo Yan, he would still kill Cui Xie. This man had become an obstacle in Luo Zheng's path of cultivation, and the only way to destroy this obstacle was to kill Cui Xie!
After waiting for so long, Luo Zheng had finally arrived.
Luo Zheng moved his feet and stepped on the edge of the city wall. His body moved without any wind, and he slowly drifted away from the city wall. The more excited he was, the calmer his expression became.
Seeing Luo Zheng leaving the city wall, Ning Yudie shouted, "Luo Zheng? You want to fight? "
Luo Zheng turned around and smiled at Ning Yudie, "Don't worry!"
"But …" Ning Yudie furrowed her brows, and was about to say something.
Luo Zheng immediately said, "Don't worry, I won't die, I still want to marry you!"
His voice wasn't loud, but everyone in the Cloud Hall, including Daoist Dameng and the Void Tribulation Warriors and Divine Core warriors, could clearly hear what he said. Daoist Dameng and a few other Sect Elders who knew what was going on had a knowing smile on their faces. As for those Divine Core warriors who didn't know what was going on, such as Hua Tianming, Red Maple, and a few others, they had strange expressions on their faces.
Especially Red Maple, his eyes were wide open as he poked Hua Tianming who was standing next to him. "Tianming, am I hearing this right?"
Hua Tianming had his eyes closed. His eyes were slightly bloodshot. For the past two days, he had been using the Sword Eye to accumulate the Force of the Heavens. Only by doing so could he unleash all of Hua Tianming's strength.
"Is it strange?" Hua Tianming hugged his sword and replied with his eyes closed. A faint smile emerged on his face.
"Of course it's strange!" Looking at Hua Tianming's confident expression, Red Maple said disapprovingly.
Hua Tianming shook his head, "It's not strange for something like this to happen to Luo Zheng …"
As for Ning Yudie, when she heard Luo Zheng mention this in front of everyone, her face immediately blushed.
After Luo Zheng finished speaking, he turned his head and stared at Cui Xie. Using his Quintessential Essence, he said slowly and clearly, "Two years ago, when I was still in the Divine Reflection Stage, I warned you that I would spare your life if you let Luo Yan go. Unfortunately, you didn't take advantage of this opportunity. Now … your chance is gone!"
After he finished speaking, Luo Zheng slowly pulled out a long sword. The long sword blossomed with a faint light. He gently waved the long sword, and a sharp sword hum was transmitted. The sword hum was very soft, but it was very pleasing to the ear.
"It's a high-grade sacred artifact!" Shi Kefan's eyes flashed as he suddenly shouted.
"Where did Luo Zheng get a high-grade sacred artifact?"
"A high-grade sacred artifact doesn't exist in the Central Domain, and no refiner can forge one. Where did this boy get it?"
In fact, most people couldn't recognize the grade of Luo Zheng's long sword. Only Shi Kefan and the others could. Of course, the two sides were about to fight, and Luo Zheng seemed to intend to accept Cui Xie's challenge. The battle between the two of them would directly determine the morale of the martial artists on both sides.
Since Luo Zheng had obtained a high-grade sacred artifact, Shi Kefan naturally wouldn't let go of this opportunity. He had to let everyone know!
"Hahahaha!" At this time, Cui Xie suddenly burst into wild laughter, "Luo Zheng, two years ago, I had a taste of your mouth! I didn't expect that after two years, you still haven't made any progress. Your mouth is still so fierce! Unfortunately, it's a pity that you forgot that when martial artists fight, it's not just their mouths that matter, but their fists and their own strength! "
Luo Zheng faintly looked at Cui Xie and took a deep breath. Faint starlight began to appear on the surface of his body. Two different colors of starlight shone upon his body, shrouding him in a special luster.
"Hey, everyone look! Two stars have appeared on the horizon!"
"It's daytime, how can there be stars?"
"Those two stars seem to be shining on Luo Zheng. How did he do it? He's directly borrowing the power of the stars! "
Even during the day, the stars could still be seen. It was just that the light of the sun completely covered the starlight. However, after Luo Zheng activated the Stellar Battle Body, the purple star and the orange star suddenly burst out with light, shooting towards Luo Zheng, who was hundreds of millions of miles away. The sun couldn't cover the light of the stars, so everyone could see the two stars on the horizon during the day.
After the Stellar Battle Body was condensed, Luo Zheng said coldly, "You're right. I'll show you what a fist is and what strength is!"
After noticing the starlight on Luo Zheng's body, Cui Xie's face revealed a trace of surprise, but it was quickly replaced by a serious expression. Indeed, the cultivation method that Luo Zheng practiced made Cui Xie feel unimaginable. Since ancient times, the stars had been an extremely mysterious existence for human beings.
Even if you opened your mind and visualized, it was difficult to obtain the power of the stars. On the other side of the distant starry sky, the stars were completely incomprehensible to human beings. If you couldn't even understand them, how could you visualize them?
However, Luo Zheng seemed to be directly absorbing the power of the stars! What kind of cultivation method was this?
With a serious expression, Cui Xie also took out the nameless Buddhist Commandment Blade in his hand. In the past, this nameless Buddhist Commandment Blade had been the best weapon in the Central Domain. Among the few remaining low-grade sacred weapons in the Central Domain, this nameless Buddhist Commandment Blade was the most suitable for fighting enemies.
However, compared to Luo Zheng, Cui Xie now looked a little shabby.
In terms of value, a high-grade sacred weapon could be exchanged for many low-grade sacred weapons …
Luo Zheng waved his longsword and didn't say anything else. With a sway of his body, he unleashed his Vital Energy and turned into a beam of light, shooting toward Cui Xie who was a few miles away.
All the Divine Illumination warriors could only see a blur in front of their eyes. In an instant, Luo Zheng and Cui Xie had turned into two beams of light. The two beams of light kept crossing each other, colliding into each other, separating from each other, then colliding into each other again …
As for the Divine Core warriors, their eyesight was slightly better, but they still couldn't see their movements clearly. They could only vaguely distinguish them.
As for the Void Tribulation warriors from both sides, all of them had nervous expressions on their faces. This fight was too important for both sides.
Ao Xiang stared into the distance. His face was filled with excitement. Compared to the others, he had a much more complicated feeling right now. Luo Zheng's victory not only meant that the morale of Heavenly Awakening City had increased, his lover and Luo Zheng's younger sister were going to share the same fate!
Both men were moving at high speed, and Ao Xiang couldn't see them clearly. But, he still clenched his teeth and stared at both men, trying to identify Luo Zheng!
Luo Zheng's eyes were filled with killing intent!
He had been waiting for this fight for so many years, and he had to win no matter what. Therefore, right from the beginning, Luo Zheng didn't hold back at all. While charging toward Cui Xie at high speed, his longsword had already pierced toward Cui Xie.
"Formless!"
Luo Zheng's sword seemed crooked, but his target was Cui Xie's chest. He was trying to pierce through Cui Xie.
Cui Xie held the nameless Buddhist Commandment Saber horizontally. Luo Zheng's sword was a high-grade sacred weapon after all. Relying on the strength of the weapon, Cui Xie was indeed at a disadvantage. At least, he didn't dare to use the nameless Buddhist Commandment Saber to meet Luo Zheng's sword head-on!
Clang!
Cui Xie's Buddhist Commandment Saber gently brushed Luo Zheng's longsword, using a skillful force to push Luo Zheng's longsword away.
However, just as Cui Xie pushed Luo Zheng's sword away, Luo Zheng said faintly, "It's useless!"
The tip of the sword casually drew a circle in the air and still pierced toward Cui Xie's chest like a shadow. Formless wasn't really without moves. This was a move created by Luo Zheng himself. There was only one move, but it could evolve into countless moves!
However, Luo Zheng was more willing to call this move an unbreakable move!
Seeing that he couldn't break Luo Zheng's sword, Cui Xie's expression suddenly changed, and he was about to retreat.
Luo Zheng had a strange smile on his face. He gently thrust the sword in his hand forward, and the originally light sword suddenly underwent an earth-shattering change!
The sword suddenly pierced out, followed by a swift and fierce sword light. The tip of the sword extended and continued to shoot toward Cui Xie's chest. Luo Zheng's Formless was a combination of all the basic swordsmanship, and it had reached the point where it could be used at will.

Chapter 723
A joyful expression emerged on the faces of all the warriors in Heavenly Awakening City.
Before Luo Zheng entered the battlefield, everyone had their own concerns, and the biggest concern was the gap between their cultivation bases.
Cui Xie was now a fourth life and death tribulation warrior. Every time he went through a life and death tribulation, it was the same as escaping from death, and his overall strength would become stronger!
As for Luo Zheng, although he was a Mid Void Tribulation warrior, there was still a huge gap between them.
Indeed, when Luo Zheng was still a Divine Reflection warrior, he was able to challenge Divine Core warriors, and even Mid Divine Core geniuses.
However, the gap between the Divine Reflection realm and Divine Core realm was far smaller than the gap between the Void Tribulation realm and Life and Death realm!
This was also the reason why when Cui Xie challenged Luo Zheng, Ning Yudie and that ancient tycoon stepped forward to stop him.
Only Life and Death warriors were qualified to fight with Life and Death warriors.
In the Central Region, only martial artists who had stepped into the Life and Death Realm could be considered peak martial artists! Below the Life and Death realm, there were countless Void Tribulation warriors, and none of them could fight with a Life and Death warrior.
This was the reason why everyone was worried about Luo Zheng. They were worried that he would be killed by Cui Xie right away, and that would be the worst case scenario.
Of course, that ancient tycoon and Ning Yudie wouldn't let this happen either. Once Luo Zheng was in a disadvantageous position, they would definitely take action. Although it was a one on one duel, since both sides had declared war, they were now mortal enemies, and there was no reason for them to be reasonable.
In fact, this was how most wars between sects usually unfolded. Both sects would send out a warrior to fight, and as the fight went on, everyone would join the fight … this tradition had been maintained for tens of thousands of years, and it was still the same today.
If Cui Xie was in a disadvantageous position, Wu Zhanhe would still lead his men and attack Luo Zheng.
Now that Luo Zheng's first attack had hit Cui Xie, the World Business Alliance's people were naturally happy. This sword attack was effective, which meant that Luo Zheng still maintained his strength, the strength to challenge those of a higher realm!
"This Luo Zheng is too abnormal. Two years later, not only did he break through to the middle stage of False Tribulation Realm, but he was also able to fight against a Life and Death Realm expert!"
"Don't forget, Cui Xie is not an ordinary Life and Death expert. This means that a martial artist who has just broken through Life and Death realm might not be his opponent!"
"You're right. I think that the Hall Master of the Cloud Hall is not as good as Luo Zheng!"
"If this kid breaks through the Life and Death Realm, he will be able to fight against Spirit Sea Realm warriors!"
Hearing these voices, Ning Yudie's gaze was very complicated. Although she was not convinced, she had to admit that she was not Luo Zheng's opponent.
As for the many martial artists from the Country of Evil Deities, they were still standing in place. Wu Zhanhe turned a blind eye to Cui Xie's wound. Such a small injury was nothing to Cui Xie. 'But Old Cui seems to be a bit careless. This is not a good sign,' Wu Zhanhe thought indifferently.
Wu Zhanhe did not want Cui Xie to obtain the Extreme Violet Yin Body, which was why he helped Luo Zheng escape. However, he also did not want Cui Xie to be defeated. If Cui Xie was defeated, Wu Zhanhe's own plans and ambitions would also be in danger.
Cui Xie looked at the wound under his ribs, then exerted some strength. Under the pressure of the muscles on his back, the wound instantly healed. "Not bad, you can actually injure me. This is worthy of praise, but it's far from enough!"
Luo Zheng smiled faintly. "Just injure you? Aren't you afraid of being poisoned? "
Hearing Luo Zheng's words, Cui Xie's face suddenly changed. Except for Luo Zheng's abnormal physique, which martial artist was not afraid of poison? If it was an ordinary poison, it probably wouldn't affect Cui Xie at all. However, it was hard to say for Luo Zheng. He could even get his hands on a high-grade saint artifact. Who knew if he would smear some unimaginable poison on his sword?
Seeing Cui Xie's nervous expression, Luo Zheng sneered, "I lied to you! The dignified number one martial artist in the Central Domain turns out to be a cowardly rat! "After saying that, Luo Zheng suddenly flashed, waved his long sword again, and slashed at Cui Xie.
Having suffered a loss in front of Luo Zheng's strange swordsmanship once, how could Cui Xie be willing to suffer a loss a second time?
He also flashed, and the momentum in his body suddenly skyrocketed. He held the nameless Buddhist Commandment Blade in one hand and clenched his other hand into a fist. Under the flickering dark golden fist radiance, he grinned hideously, "It's over, boy!"
After he finished speaking, Cui Xie's fist suddenly slammed down heavily!
At the same time, a huge golden fist also appeared in the sky very suddenly. This golden fist was as tall as a city wall, and the golden light it emitted was like a huge sun. Most people could not even open their eyes at this moment.
"Human Emperor's Ultimate Fist!"
Cui Xie's fist smashed down fiercely at Luo Zheng, as if an entire city wall was smashing down.
However, with Luo Zheng's current strength, even if he was crushed under a city wall, he would not be injured at all. However, the power of this "Human Emperor's Ultimate Fist" was many times greater than that of a section of the city wall!
"Boom!"
Fortunately, the area at the gate of Tianqi City was spacious. When the fist smashed down, a huge pit several miles wide was formed in the ground in front of the city gate. This pit was also more than 30 meters deep!
As for Luo Zheng's small figure, he was lying in the middle of the deep pit, deeply embedded in the soil. From afar, he was just an inconspicuous little black dot.
"Mighty, our Emperor!"
"Mighty, our Monarch!"
"Mighty, our Emperor!"
Many warriors of the Tian Xie Sect began to clamor.
In fact, only those who had reached the Divine Sea Realm were qualified to call themselves Emperors. However, Cui Xie had established his Divine Kingdom in advance, so he could be regarded as an Emperor. After all, his strength was not qualified yet.
Ning Yudie stood on the city wall, but there was a faint trace of worry on her face. Facing Luo Zheng's terrifying body, Cui Xie should be able to withstand this blow. However, she was not sure whether he would be injured or not.
At the west corner of Tianqi City, Xi Youqin looked at the huge pit in the distance. Her expression could no longer remain calm. Cui Xie was so powerful. Could Luo Zheng … withstand it?
"Cui Xie's punch is probably able to smash a mountain into a flat cake …"
"I don't know if Luo Zheng can withstand it. I think it's a bit difficult!"
"Under this punch, everything will be smashed into powder. It's said that Luo Zheng's body is special and almost invulnerable. However, I don't believe that he can withstand it!"
"With the cultivation of the middle stage of the False Tribulation Realm, he can injure Cui Xie. I'm afraid this is already his limit. It's normal that he can't defeat Cui Xie!"
The warriors on both sides were also discussing in low voices.
However, Luo Zheng quickly pulled himself out of the huge pit. He shrugged his shoulders and raised his head. A trace of blood flowed out of the corner of his mouth. He sneered at Cui Xie and said, "You're just so-so!"
Seeing Luo Zheng get up, the warriors who were discussing immediately shut up. They suddenly realized that their judgment was pale and powerless in front of Luo Zheng …
Cui Xie coldly snorted and said, "Stubborn! Then let's do it again! "
After saying this, Cui Xie once again waved his fist and smashed it towards the ground. At the same time, a huge fist appeared in the air and smashed towards Luo Zheng's head.
This time, Luo Zheng did not allow this fist to smash down. He waved his hand, and the Vital Spirit in his body suddenly burst out. The starlight on the surface of his body suddenly circulated rapidly and slowly flowed towards Luo Zheng's hand.
"I've already said that you're just so-so. You don't know your own limits. Hahaha!" Luo Zheng sneered and punched towards the sky.
"Stars Sink and Earth Quake!"
"Boom!"
Under the surging starlight, the huge fist began to shatter layer by layer. Luo Zheng's figure turned into a stream of light and shot towards Cui Xie along the shattered fist radiance.
While Cui Xie was still in shock, Luo Zheng was already in front of him. Luo Zheng said coldly, "Now, it's your turn to go down!"
After saying this, Luo Zheng's fist also smashed down towards Luo Zheng's head!

Chapter 724
Facing Cui Xie, Luo Zheng didn't show any mercy, nor did he have much killing intent.
In order to fight against Cui Xie, Luo Zheng had adjusted his mentality to the best state. He was neither excited nor sad.
His fist suddenly smashed out, and the power of Vital Spirit and dragon scales instantly broke out.
Compared with Cui Xie's "Emperor's Ultimate Fist", Luo Zheng's fist didn't seem to have much power, but it was much more deadly than Cui Xie's!
Just as Luo Zheng's fist hit Cui Xie, black smoke suddenly emerged from Cui Xie's body and wrapped him up.
"Bang!"
The moment Luo Zheng's fist landed on Cui Xie's body, he felt as though he was not punching a human body. Instead, he felt as though he was punching a thick layer of cotton wool. This unstoppable punch was like a stone ox that fell into the sea, disappearing without a trace!
"What's going on?"
Luo Zheng frowned slightly.
The black smoke that emerged from Cui Xie's body was very strange. Last time in Virtual Sky City, the Seven Voidspirits used Dragon-trapping Rope to bind Cui Xie, and then used their strongest attack, but it didn't cause any harm to Cui Xie!
Now Luo Zheng understood why the Seven Voidspirits were so shocked at that time.
However, Luo Zheng still had no expression on his face. Facing Cui Xie, strange things could happen. What he needed to do was to stabilize his mind and exert his strongest combat strength!
After being shrouded by the black smoke, Cui Xie seemed to be unharmed, but Luo Zheng didn't stop there. The second round of attacks followed!
"Get down!"
"Bang!"
Luo Zheng grabbed Cui Xie in the black smoke, and once again broke out the Vital Spirit in his body, pressing Cui Xie down!
"Boom!"
In this way, Luo Zheng pressed Cui Xie from a high altitude all the way to the big pit on the ground. Even so, Luo Zheng didn't stop, and kept pressing Cui Xie all the way to the surface of the big pit.
Hundreds of thousands of warriors from both sides saw Luo Zheng rubbing Cui Xie on the ground. Smoke and dust billowed all the way, and the two figures were completely buried in it.
One lap, two laps, three laps …
Luo Zheng still pressed Cui Xie on the ground and kept running, plowing gullies after gullies in the big pit!
In the end, Luo Zheng stopped, and a faint killing intent flashed in his eyes. He once again waved his fist at Cui Xie, and then everyone heard a dense burst of explosions!
"Boom, boom, boom, boom, boom …"
It was as if many children had lit firecrackers at the same time to welcome the New Year. In the corner of the big pit, smoke and dust sputtered up like mushroom clouds, blooming one after another. How could anyone see the situation of the two people clearly?
On the city wall, when the people from the World Business Alliance and Cloud Hall saw this scene, they all felt their blood boil!
Why was the Tian Xie Sect so powerful? It wasn't because of the hundreds of thousands of independent warriors, nor was it because of Wu Zhanhe. It was because of Cui Xie, who was truly the number one person in the Central Domain.
In recent decades, no one had been able to shake Cui Xie's position, and no one had been able to test out Cui Xie's true strength.
Therefore, Cui Xie was like a nightmare, floating above the many Sects in the Central Domain. His deterrence alone was stronger than that of the Cloud Hall and the Void Spirit Sect. It was almost on par with the World Business Alliance!
This was also why the Minor Heavenly Cycle Three Kills Array that Luo Zheng had set up in the Cloud Hall had caused a commotion in the entire Central Domain!
The Cloud Hall had such a terrifying array that even Cui Xie could block it. Who else in the Central Domain could shake the Cloud Hall? The Sect Protection Array had already placed the Cloud Hall in an invincible position.
However, the Sect Protection Array was ultimately only a "shield" of a Sect. All along, everyone had thought that the Cloud Hall's overall strength was still inferior to the Void Spirit Sect and the World Business Alliance. Therefore, the Void Spirit Sect was still the number one Sect in the world at that time.
Now, everyone discovered that Luo Zheng had once again subverted their understanding. A disciple of the Cloud Hall had actually beaten Cui Xie to the ground. Wasn't this too exaggerated?
"Cui Xie doesn't seem to be able to fight back at all! This Luo Zheng's true strength is probably already above the Cloud Hall's Hall Master and the ancient giants! "
"Two years ago, he was still a Divine Reflection Realm warrior. The speed of his rise … is hard to accept!"
"This is too demoralizing! However, watching him beat up Cui Xie like this, I feel very good! "
This scene greatly boosted the morale of the World Business Alliance and the Cloud Hall's warriors! On the contrary, the morale of the more than 100,000 warriors of the Tian Xie Sect began to plummet.
"Can the King really do it? He's the number one person in the Central Domain, but he's being beaten up by a junior with a bone age of only 20 years. If I didn't see it with my own eyes, I wouldn't believe it even if you beat me to death!"
"Bone age of only 20 years old? You've underestimated that Luo Zheng! When he was just a Divine Reflection Realm warrior, he was able to defeat all ordinary Divine Core geniuses! I'm afraid a man like this has gone beyond the concept of geniuses! There's no place for a man like this in the Central Domain! "
"If the King is really defeated, or even killed by that young man, what should we do?"
"Hmph, not necessarily! If the King only has this little strength, our Kingdom of Evil Deities will become a joke! Don't worry, the King won't lose!"
Many warriors of the Tian Xie Sect had worried expressions on their faces. As their leader, Cui Xie was being beaten up like this, it was hard for them to accept. After all, most of them had joined the Tian Xie Sect because of Cui Xie's name. They had never expected that they would be beaten up by Luo Zheng in just a single round …
Although Luo Zheng's attacks were concentrated, and his strength was pouring onto Cui Xie's body, it was as if every single punch had landed on a piece of broken cotton. Cui Xie's body was shrouded by the black smoke, and it was as if he had entered a strange state. All the attacks that landed on his body were completely neutralized!
In the end, Luo Zheng decided to stop. He was panting heavily as he stared coldly at the black smoke in front of him.
In this round, Luo Zheng had used almost all of his strength. If he had concentrated all of his strength, he might have been able to destroy ten giant mountains.
However, the Cui Xie in front of him was still shrouded by the black smoke. He lay motionless on the ground, and his face and expression couldn't be seen clearly.
"Hahahaha …"
After a while, Cui Xie's muffled laughter came out from the black smoke. His laughter went from low to high, from gentle to hurried, and became louder and louder!
Hearing Cui Xie's laughter, Ning Yudie's expression turned solemn. She shook her head and said, "Cui Xie isn't injured."
"Under such an attack, he's actually unscathed. This Cui Xie … is really unfathomable!" Daoist Master Dameng frowned as he looked at the movement below the city wall.
As for the ancient giants and the three leaders of the World Business Alliance, although they knew that Luo Zheng's attack wouldn't be able to kill Cui Xie, at this moment, their expressions were still somewhat unnatural. Cui Xie's strength was still beyond their imagination.
On the other side, Wu Zhanhe's face was expressionless. Wu Zhanhe's mood was rather conflicted. Cui Xie's strength was too strong for him, and too weak was also not a good thing for him.
As for the many independent warriors of the Tian Xie Sect, their originally unsightly expressions slowly recovered. The person they worshipped as their king couldn't be so weak!
The black smoke surrounding Cui Xie's body gradually dissipated, and Cui Xie's tall and sturdy figure slowly appeared. Now, Cui Xie's entire body was covered in a layer of black scales, and a slender horn grew out of his head!
"It's really admirable that you can threaten my existence in just two years. It turns out that there is such a genius in the Central Domain!" Cui Xie said, and his body slowly floated up again. His eyes revealed a trace of danger. "However, it's still not enough!"
Luo Zheng's eyes were as calm as water. Instead, he asked, "Not enough? How much do you need? "
"Far from enough!" Cui Xie roared, and the bones in his body made cracking sounds. It was as if his bones had shifted positions in an instant. His entire body underwent an astonishing change. For example, the lower half of his legs protruded forward, like the legs of some kind of animal. The muscles on his body began to expand, and his entire body swelled to twice its original size!
At this moment, Cui Xie didn't look like a human at all. His entire body was as big as the Demon Race on the Sea God Continent.
Watching the changes in Cui Xie's body, Luo Zheng's eyes revealed a trace of surprise. "This Cui Xie seems to have a special bloodline. What race is it? The Demon Race? Or even the Dragon Race? Or other races … "
At this moment, a faint voice sounded in Luo Zheng's mind. It was Qinglong. "You guessed right, but Cui Xie didn't awaken the bloodline of the Hundred Races of the Upper Realm. This is the bloodline of the Underworld Devil."
"Devil!" Luo Zheng's heart skipped a beat, and his calm eyes stared at Cui Xie not far away.
(Chapter 4 Before 12)
＝＝＝＝＝

Chapter 725
Hell, the Yellow Springs, demons, ghosts …
There were many records of these things in the Central Domain, but they were all legendary existences, and no one had ever seen them with their own eyes.
It was precisely because of these legends that they were described in all kinds of strange stories, gossip, and anecdotes that people added all kinds of unimaginable conjectures and conjectures.
Whether or not these things really existed was another matter, but now, according to Qinglong's tone, Cui Xie indeed had the bloodline of a demon. In other words, the current Cui Xie was a living demon!
Luo Zheng naturally didn't know how Cui Xie had obtained the bloodline of a demon. However, the low-grade sacred tool in his hand had the ability to summon a Yaksha from the Yellow Springs. Perhaps Cui Xie had obtained it through the nameless Buddhist Commandment Blade, or through other means. Luo Zheng could only guess.
No matter what, the current Cui Xie that Luo Zheng was facing could only be more terrifying than before!
If it was the Luo Zheng of the past, his state of mind would have been greatly affected. But now, there wasn't much of a change in his expression. Not to mention that Cui Xie was a demon, even if he were a god or a Buddha, Luo Zheng would still risk his life to kill him!
"It's far from enough. How much is missing? I'll make up for it!"
After saying this, Luo Zheng's figure flickered, and the power of the dragon scales suddenly poured out of his body. This fist once again smashed into Cui Xie.
"Bang!"
Cui Xie's hand shot out like lightning, forcibly blocking Luo Zheng's fist, and then squeezing Luo Zheng's fist in his own hand!
If it were any other Life and Death Realm expert or Battle-Saint expert, they wouldn't be able to take Luo Zheng's fist head on. The consequence of taking Luo Zheng's fist head on would be to be directly smashed by Luo Zheng's terrifying strength! However, Cui Xie squeezed the fist in his hand, and at the same time, a strange rune appeared in his eyes. It was the symbol of the Demon Clan. When the demon bloodline in his body was stimulated, a steady stream of Demon Force crazily flowed through his body!
Being stared at by such a pair of strange eyes, anyone would feel their hair stand on end. Luo Zheng also felt a great pressure, but this pressure didn't change in the slightest on his face.
"Heh," Cui Xie held Luo Zheng's fist tightly, then raised it high, and threw it towards the city wall in front of him!
The moment Cui Xie threw Luo Zheng towards the city wall, his tall and sturdy body followed closely behind Luo Zheng.
Ning Yudie's eyes flashed, and she couldn't hold back anymore. She jumped down from the city wall and shouted, "Do it!"
Cui Xie's goal wasn't hard to see. If he threw Luo Zheng like this and smashed him on the city wall, it would probably collapse!
He wanted to use the opportunity of fighting Luo Zheng to directly break through the city wall!
On the city wall, all the warriors flew out. At the same time, all kinds of runes on the city wall bloomed at the same time. The runes that the Runic Tower had drawn over the years were instantly activated.
Most of these runes were defensive runes. In addition to most of the defensive runes, there were also some runes that increased a warrior's speed, strength, and Zhen Yuan recovery speed …
At this moment, this unprecedented decisive battle had finally begun.
When the warriors from Heavenly Awakening City rushed out, the warriors from the Tian Xie Sect also took action.
Under Wu Zhanhe's command, all the independent warriors formed into square formations and started advancing steadily!
All the Divine Reflection warriors moved in a uniform manner. They stood about 10 to 20 meters above the ground, the Divine Core warriors maintained a height of about 100 meters, and the Void Tribulation warriors maintained a height of about 34 to 400 meters.
Obviously, their strategy was exactly the same as the one in River Wave City!
In this way, the combined strength of tens of thousands of independent martial artists in each square formation was equivalent to a Life and Death powerhouse. On the battlefield, hundreds of thousands of independent martial artists formed a dozen square formations, which was equivalent to a dozen Life and Death powerhouses!
The battle between the two armies was on the verge of breaking out, and Luo Zheng was already charging towards the city wall at an incredible speed!
But before he could reach the city wall, a white figure flashed by and floated next to Luo Zheng, trying to support his body. However, just as Ning Yudie was about to support Luo Zheng, her expression suddenly changed. Ning Yudie's strength wasn't her forte, and Luo Zheng's force was not something she could support. By doing this, it meant that Luo Zheng was pushing her behind him, and he was going to continue crashing into the city wall!
Right at this moment, Luo Zheng turned around and pulled Ning Yudie in front of him. After that, he crashed into the city wall.
"Bang!"
The impact created a huge hole in the city wall, and a large portion of the glowing runes on the city wall were destroyed.
The most important thing was that Cui Xie was right behind him!
Cui Xie's face was filled with a cold, evil grin. He emitted an aura of supremacy, and rushed into Tianqi City alone. He didn't put Ning Yudie and that ancient giant in his eyes at all!
"Die, Luo Zheng! Earth Emperor's Ultimate Fist! "
A fist as big as a mountain suddenly condensed in the air. Compared to the previous "Human Emperor's Ultimate Fist", this huge fist was even bigger and more solid, as if it could shatter the void. Just as that huge fist appeared, it suddenly smashed towards Ning Yudie and Luo Zheng!
On the ground, Luo Zheng turned around and was about to intercept it, but Ning Yudie pressed Luo Zheng down. "Let me!"
Then Ning Yudie waved her hands gently, and a white cold air spread out. In this cold air, everything became incomparably slow. Even the shining golden fist became incomparably slow. In the end, it stopped in mid-air, unable to descend!
Ning Yudie's figure flickered, and she waved the Black Ice Halberd in her hand, hitting the huge fist.
"Bang …"
This fist was completely neutralized by Ning Yudie …
"Haha," Cui Xie didn't care at all. "Ning Yudie, your strength has also improved very quickly. If you can obediently surrender, I can consider making you the Crown Princess of my Kingdom of Evil Deities!"
In the past, Luo Zheng had destroyed his son Cui Yun's martial arts heart. Although Cui Xie helped Cui Yun recover, there were still some aftereffects! He knew that his son couldn't forget Ning Yudie. If he could make this woman his son's Crown Princess, it would be of great help to his son.
"Your Kingdom of Gods hasn't even started yet, and now you even have a Crown Prince? Don't tell me it's that useless son of yours, Cui Yun? "Luo Zheng said coldly.
Cui Xie said with a grim smile, "My son is useless, but you are about to become a dead man!"
Ning Yudie smiled sweetly at Cui Xie. "I'm afraid I don't have the fortune to enjoy the title of Crown Princess. You'd better find someone else!" After saying that, Ning Yudie stretched out her hand, and icicles, hundreds of feet long, stood erect and stabbed toward Cui Xie.
"Insignificant skill!" Since Cui Xie dared to barge into the Heaven Awakening City alone, he had absolute confidence that he could crush all of them. Cui Xie's fist shot out, instantly shattering all of Ning Yudie's ice spikes. The ice spikes fell to the ground like broken jade, reflecting a dazzling light.
"In that case, I'm afraid I'll have to destroy a flower today!" Cui Xie stretched out his hand and waved it. The True Essence in his body emerged like a tide in the sea. He held the nameless Buddhist Commandment Blade in his hand again and gently pointed it at Ning Yudie.
A feeling of extreme danger welled up in Luo Zheng's heart. "Get out of the way!"
Luo Zheng grabbed Ning Yudie and began to escape at full speed. However, Cui Xie's face showed a faint grim smile. The Buddhist Commandment Blade in his hand moved slowly with Ning Yudie's movement.
"You can't escape, Luo Zheng. Ning Yudie must die! As for you, you'll be accompanying her very soon! " Immediately, the nameless Buddhist Commandment Blade in Cui Xie's hand suddenly trembled. It seemed that something had suddenly appeared in this world, but then it suddenly drilled into the nameless Buddhist Commandment Blade!
That thing was extremely special. It only stayed in this world for a breath's time, but the hearts of all the warriors, mortals, and peerless experts in Tianqi City beat wildly for a while. Everyone was stunned in an instant!
Even the warriors who were fiercely fighting each other stopped. It was as if they would be the next to die if they did not stop. This was an instinctive fear that came from life!
Luo Zheng and Ning Yudie were no exception. Their hearts seemed to be grasped by a strange little monster. What was hidden in the nameless Buddhist Commandment Blade? How terrifying was Cui Xie's attack?
There was not much time for Luo Zheng to guess. Cui Xie's target was Ning Yudie. At this moment, he only wanted to take Ning Yudie and escape as quickly as possible!
"Tremble in the Netherworld!"

Chapter 726
However, just as Cui Xie was about to swing his saber, a great power came from above the city wall, and an old voice was heard.
"Cui Xie, your opponent is here!"
A person who lived for a thousand years would become a demon. The person who spoke was the stabilizing force of the World Business Alliance, the ancient magnate! He was also the only old demon who was over a thousand years old in the Central Domain.
This ancient magnate had been holding back, but he did make a move at this critical moment.
Two years ago, this ancient magnate was the only person Cui Xie feared. At the Martial Arts Conference, Luo Zheng killed Si Miaoling, and Cui Xie wanted to kill Luo Zheng instead. Ning Yudie could not stop him, the three leaders of the World Business Alliance could not stop him, and Granny Yu could not stop him either. Only this ancient magnate could stop him.
This showed that this ancient magnate's strength was at least on par with Cui Xie's!
The ancient magnate put his palms together, and his wrinkled skin was pulled like a sail. Then, he reached out a withered palm toward Cui Xie and slammed it down.
However, before this ancient magnate could attack, Cui Xie suddenly said in a cold voice, "Old man, I've long found you an eyesore. If it weren't for you, I would have killed Luo Zheng two years ago. Since you want to die so much, I'll send you to hell first!"
In this way, Cui Xie, who had been preparing to use the Trembling of the Netherworld on Ning Yudie, changed its target. The nameless Buddhist Commandment Blade in his hand changed direction and was swung directly toward the ancient magnate.
"Whoosh …"
A bright yellow wind blew out from Cui Xie's nameless Buddhist Commandment Blade and swept toward the ancient magnate.
The moment the yellow wind left the Nameless Buddhist Commandment Blade, that special feeling came again. Whether it was inside or outside Heavenly Awakening City, all the living beings were seized by fear at the same time. They did not even dare to move or breathe!
Luo Zheng pulled Ning Yudie back frantically. Although he did not want to see the ancient magnate face Cui Xie alone, he did not want Ning Yudie to be in danger. While retreating, Luo Zheng asked, "Qinglong, what the hell is that? Why is it so terrifying? "
Before Qinglong could answer, the bright yellow wind had already swept toward the ancient magnate.
That wind wasn't very powerful. It was like a gentle breeze, which only made the overlord's clothes flutter slightly. Closely after that, the overlord's eyes lost their luster as his vitality was cut off. After that, he silently fell to the ground …
Seeing this scene, Luo Zheng's face...
At the same time, Shi Kefan, who was fighting fiercely with the ancient magnate, roared, "Elder Qin!"
Yan Yueshan and Mo Haishan's faces darkened when they heard Shi Kefan's roar. How could they have imagined that the ancient magnate could not even last one round against Cui Xie?
The three of them had been single-handedly supported by this ancient giant called "Elder Qin". The relationship between the three of them and Elder Qin was naturally abnormally deep. It was easy to imagine how they felt when they saw Elder Qin suddenly fall …
. A faint sneer appeared on Cui Xie's face. "Don't worry. I'll send you to hell one by one …"
Then, Cui Xie turned his head and stared at Luo Zheng and Ning Yudie. He raised the nameless Buddhist Commandment Blade in his hand again, and then a strange thing drilled into it. "Now, it's your turn!"
Ning Yudie's and Luo Zheng's hearts sank.
Cui Xie's means were obviously far beyond Luo Zheng's imagination. The power and momentum of this blade were not fierce. It was just a light breeze. However, when the wind blew gently, their vitality was immediately cut off. What kind of means was this? It was unimaginable!
What kind of person was the ancient magnate?
Even Ning Yudie, who had broken through the Life and Death Realm, might not be his match. However, this ancient magnate did not even have time to attack Cui Xie before he was killed. How could Luo Zheng and Ning Yudie fight against Cui Xie? They were not even on the same level!
"Qinglong, what was that?" Luo Zheng asked urgently while retreating.
Qinglong's tone was very cautious. He immediately told Luo Zheng, "Cui Xie must have used the Wind of Life and Death on the Yellow Spring."
"Wind of Life and Death? What's that? "Luo Zheng asked.
"As you can see, this kind of Wind of Life and Death will only blow on the Yellow Spring River. Even the evil creatures living outside the Yellow Spring River will avoid this kind of wind. As long as they are blown by this wind, their life will be cut off immediately!" The Azure Dragon explained.
"Can't this Wind of Life and Death be stopped?" Luo Zheng asked again.
Qinglong sighed, "This thing, it shouldn't be … … this thing can't be controlled. Even Evil Demons have to carefully avoid it when walking on the Yellow Spring. How can Cui Xie control this thing?"
Qinglong did not directly answer Luo Zheng's question. However, it could be considered as an answer. Qinglong did not have a way to break it.
Luo Zheng and Ning Yudie were shuttling back and forth in Tianqi City. Cui Xie was too lazy to pay attention to the battle on the city wall. It was as if the outcome of the battle had nothing to do with him!
In fact, Cui Xie's strategy was correct. There were only two or three people in Tianqi City who could pose a threat to him. That ancient giant had already been killed by him. Only Luo Zheng and Ning Yudie were left in front of him. As long as he killed these two people, even if he lost the battle on the city wall, he could still control the overall situation. Who else in the Virtual Tribulation Realm could stop him?
He could kill those Virtual Tribulation Realm warriors with a flick of his finger. Even those three fat men were not difficult for Cui Xie.
Fortunately, Tianqi City itself was huge. The distance between the two sides could not be closed for a while. At this time, Luo Zheng suddenly felt a trace of irritation in his heart!
Indeed, Cui Xie had always been on top of him. When he was in the Blue Cloud Sect, he had a huge impact on Luo Zheng's heart of martial arts. Then he went to the Cloud Hall, and then to Tianqi City. In the end, after Luo Zheng returned from the Sea God Continent, Cui Xie continued to pursue him.
Today, Luo Zheng finally made up his mind to fight Cui Xie head-on and kill him. However, Cui Xie's methods once again suppressed him, forcing him to retreat!
Even though Luo Zheng had mentally prepared himself and stabilized his heart of martial arts to the extreme, he still could not help but feel agitated. Could it be that Cui Xie was his nemesis?
In fact, from Cui Xie's point of view, Luo Zheng was also his nemesis. Ever since he, Cui Xie, became the strongest independent warrior in the Central Domain, Cui Xie had never felt so troubled by anyone. Luo Zheng had made him suffer again and again, even making him a laughingstock in the eyes of the Central Domain's warriors. It was all thanks to this brat in front of him. He had never been so eager to kill someone because he could always kill the person he wanted to kill. Only Luo Zheng was an exception.
Therefore, this time, he was determined not to let Luo Zheng go!
Ning Yudie could also feel Luo Zheng's agitation. This little guy, who was always calm at any time, was finally agitated …
The most important thing for a warrior was to maintain their state of mind. However, Ning Yudie understood Luo Zheng very well. If he could control his state of mind to be as calm as water at this time, then he was not a human, but a statue, a dead object.
After all, humans were animals with emotions. With emotions, there would be fluctuations in their state of mind. They just needed to learn to control their own fluctuations.
Thinking of this, Ning Yudie's body slightly tilted, and one of her lily-white hands drilled into Luo Zheng's robes, covering Luo Zheng's chest.
At the same time, her true essence circulated, and an ice-cold aura spread out.
"Calm down, Luo Zheng," Ning Yudie said softly.
Luo Zheng felt the cooling sensation, and his thumping heart gradually slowed down. His originally tense face gradually relaxed, and that agitated look disappeared without a trace.
"Yes, calm down!"
A good state of mind had always been Luo Zheng's pride. But today, he had almost lost it.
Luo Zheng had encountered countless dangers, but he had always been able to maintain a steady state of mind and calmly escape danger. He never thought that today, when he faced Cui Xie, his state of mind would almost fall apart!
At this time, Luo Zheng softly called out, "Xun!"
A little red light instantly condensed around Luo Zheng. Then, Luo Zheng stretched out his hand, and a light erupted from his spatial ring. The medium-grade saint artifact spear spun twice before falling into her hand.
"Do you want me to kill him?" Xun smiled.
"You are not his match." Luo Zheng shook his head. "Stall him!"
Xun nodded, "No problem."

Chapter 727
Because Smog was Luo Zheng's Sword Spirit, Smog's strength increased along with Luo Zheng's strength. If Smog were to fight alone, even a warrior who had just stepped into the Life and Death Realm wouldn't be her opponent. However, it would be too difficult for her to fight against Cui Xie alone.
Of course, Luo Zheng didn't expect Cui Xie to defeat Smog. Even if Smog could really defeat Cui Xie, Luo Zheng wouldn't let Smog fight!
Luo Zheng pursued the Ultimate Martial Dao all his life. He already had a perfect start, stepping into the middle stage of the False Tribulation Realm when his bone age was only 20 years old. However, Cui Xie had now become his archenemy.
If he wanted to go further on the Martial Dao, he had to personally eliminate Cui Xie. Otherwise, Cui Xie would very likely become his inner demon. In the future, he would never be able to go far on the Martial Dao, and it would be even more impossible for him to climb to the peak of the Martial Dao!
When he returned from the Sea God Continent, the simplest way was to ask Situ Haotian or even Liu Yu, who was a powerful expert from the deep sea, to personally make a trip!
Since Luo Zheng had spoken, neither Situ Haotian nor Liu Yu could refuse!
With their Divine Sea Realm strength, they could only steamroll their way through the Central Domain. Even a Life and Death Realm warrior like Cui Xie couldn't resist a Divine Sea Realm warrior, let alone a genius like Liu Yu, who was an outstanding Divine Sea Realm warrior …
However, in the end, Luo Zheng chose to fight against Cui Xie himself. His purpose was to personally eliminate this obstacle.
Now, it was the most critical moment.
The moment Smog entangled Cui Xie, Luo Zheng circled around Tianqi City with Ning Yudie, then rushed towards the city wall again.
At this time, the battle between the two sides was in full swing!
Although the Tian Xie Sect's army was powerful, the World Business Alliance and the Cloud Hall's allied forces were not weak either. Especially the World Business Alliance, which was known as a sixth-grade sect. Its foundation was not something that the Cloud Hall could match!
Hundreds of gigantic puppets appeared on the battlefield. These puppets were made of steel and were as large as mountains. Under the control of the Puppetry Technique, they charged toward the Lascivious Sect's phalanxes. Each puppet could take away thousands of lives!
On the Tian Xie Sect's side, two huge coffins, one black and one white, had already been opened. Two huge zombies came and went like the wind from the coffins. In the short time it takes for an incense stick to burn, these two zombies had already killed five or six Void Tribulation Realm warriors in succession.
In addition to these two zombies, the huge lampstand had also been ignited. Under the raging flames, a phoenix formed from raging flames was born!
However, this phoenix was not a true Super Divine Beast. It was similar to Ning Yudie's Ice Phoenix, which was also formed from visualization. However, this Fire Phoenix's might was not ordinary. As soon as it was born, it let out a sharp phoenix cry and flew towards Tianqi City. The Fire Phoenix's strength was far beyond that of ordinary Void Tribulation Realm experts. Ordinary warriors could only dodge.
As for the three fatties of the World Business Alliance, although they were extremely sad because of Old Qin's death, they did not have much time to spare in the face of the World Business Alliance's life and death battle. At this time, the three fatties were fighting with another Life and Death Realm expert of the Tian Xie Sect, Wu Zhanhe!
Overall, Tianqi City's side was slightly weaker. However, the most crucial battle was between Cui Xie and Luo Zheng.
After Luo Zheng returned to the battlefield, many people's gazes fell on Luo Zheng.
However, whether it was the Tian Xie Sect or the Alliance's warriors, none of them interfered in the battle between Luo Zheng and Cui Xie. They could only watch a battle of this level.
"Whoosh!"
A little Sword Spirit wrapped around the spear and flew towards Luo Zheng. It was Xun, who had been defeated by Cui Xie, and returned to Luo Zheng's body.
"Where's Cui Xie?" Luo Zheng asked Xun.
After rushing out of Tianqi City, Luo Zheng did not see Cui Xie following him. Instead, he asked Xun with vigilance.
"The moment Cui Xie defeated me, he drilled into the ground. Be careful," Xun said cautiously.
Luo Zheng nodded. The two starlights on the surface of his body began to slowly separate and jump …
Luo Zheng had already tried before. Even if he erupted with all his strength, he still could not cause any harm to Cui Xie!
Even the demons, whose bodies were far stronger than humans, could not bear Luo Zheng's strength. However, Cui Xie was unscathed after taking so many punches from Luo Zheng. This demon's body was really too strong.
Against Cui Xie, I'm afraid I can only use that move, and the chance … is only one!
After the starlights separated, they rushed towards Luo Zheng's hands. An orange light appeared on one of Luo Zheng's hands, and a purple light appeared on the other hand. The space between his eyebrows was shrouded in a faint light, making him look dignified!
In addition to the general principles recorded in the upper part of the 《Stellar Battle Body》, there were eight moves.
Among them, the first move, "Sinking Stars and Shaking the Earth", was the easiest to cultivate. It simply condensed starlight, and then condensed the starlight into the fist intent to strike. Just by relying on the power of the stars, one could erupt with extraordinary power. When Luo Zheng was undergoing the test in the Sin Tower, the original owner of the Sin Tower could not withstand Luo Zheng's punch.
But now, "Sinking Stars and Shaking the Earth" had no effect on Cui Xie!
According to the 《Stellar Battle Body》, after communicating with the second star, one could begin to cultivate the second move.
Luo Zheng had just successfully communicated with the second star. During this period of time, he had been meditating in seclusion. He also had some comprehension of the second move, but he was not proficient in it …
However, the power of the second move was far stronger than "Sinking Stars and Shaking the Earth". Now, he had no choice but to use this move.
Luo Zheng clenched his teeth and stared at the ground. He didn't know which direction Cui Xie would come out from!
However, just as Luo Zheng was looking for Cui Xie's figure, two bright yellow winds suddenly drifted over from not far away. It was the Wind of Life and Death released by Cui Xie using the nameless Buddhist Commandment Blade!
Cui Xie's face revealed a sinister smile. "Now, both of you can die!"
"Dodge!"
When Luo Zheng saw the bright yellow winds, his expression suddenly became startled. He grabbed Ning Yudie beside him and sank down.
However, when the Wind of Life and Death appeared, it seemed to have a life of its own. It actually followed Ning Yudie and drifted over.
The Wind of Life and Death was extremely peculiar. Any life form would instinctively fear the wind. Therefore, every time the Wind of Life and Death appeared, everyone's hearts almost stopped. Everyone stared blankly at the two bright yellow winds.
Daoist Master Dameng's face suddenly sank. The faces of many martial artists in the Cloud Hall also sank.
When the three leaders of the World Business Alliance saw this scene, their faces were also full of sadness. Even Elder Qin couldn't block this strange wind and instantly lost his life. How could Luo Zheng and Ning Yudie resist it?
As for Wu Zhanhe, there was a trace of a sneer on his face. Luo Zheng was destined to not be able to escape death …
At this moment, the light in Luo Zheng's hands began to shine. He put his hands together and the two starlights of completely different colors suddenly merged into one. In an instant, the entire world suddenly underwent a great change!
It was as if day and night had instantly changed in the sky. In the dark sky, everyone could only see two bright stars. One was orange and the other was purple. The two stars bloomed with a strange light. This light bloomed between Luo Zheng's hands!
"The Glory of Two Stars!"
Luo Zheng's expression was calm. His hands, which were originally together, instantly separated as he spoke indifferently.
＝＝＝＝＝

Chapter 728
The Stellar War Body was a transcendent divine might. Whether it was practicing it or not, it was far more difficult than an ordinary martial skill!
Just having one's perception roam the great void was enough to stop 99% of martial artists. Then, communicating with the stars was even more difficult.
But once one succeeded in practicing it, they could use the power of the stars to fight in conjunction with astral essence. The power they could erupt with far surpassed the imagination of an ordinary martial artist.
In the past, Empyrean Stellar had relied on this Stellar War Body to become nearly invincible in the upper realms.
However, the first style of the Stellar War Body, Sinking Stars and Shaking the Earth, was only the most basic application of the Stellar War Body. It was the most primitive level. Even so, Luo Zheng was able to deal with those peak war saints when he was at the general level.
The second style was much more complex. It required the user to completely fuse the power of several stars together in order to erupt with an even greater strength. But, the characteristics of many stars were completely different. Some stars were abnormally gentle, and some stars were wild and restless. When these strengths fused together, they would repel each other. But once one succeeded in practicing it, the power would multiply!
Currently, Luo Zheng had only fused two stars together. In the future, the more stars Luo Zheng opened, the greater the power of the second style would be.
In truth, just the second style alone was enough to become an independent martial skill. Thus, just the first half of the Stellar War Body was enough for Luo Zheng to practice for a long time.
After Luo Zheng separated his hands, the purple and orange starlight intertwined. The two different powers of the stars were like boiling water, forming a small luminous sphere that emitted a faint multicolored smoke. The strength contained within seemed as if it would erupt at any moment!
When Luo Zheng cultivated, he had superimposed these two powers together. But at that time, the power of the stars Luo Zheng extracted was miniscule, only the size of a grain of rice. Even so, the power that erupted from this tiny grain of rice was hard to imagine. Luo Zheng found it difficult to fully control this power, and several times he had almost injured himself in the explosion.
But this time, the two types of starlight merged together, forming a small ball that was constantly boiling. It was the size of a fist! If it exploded in his hands, even if Luo Zheng had the body of a low-grade celestial artifact, he would probably be blown into nothingness in an instant!
Overall, the success rate of the "Glory of Two Stars" was only about 40%. Luo Zheng hadn't completely mastered it, so this was a risk for him.
Luo Zheng carefully stabilized the starlight in his hand, while the two bright yellow winds of life and death slowly blew towards him.
Luo Zheng's eyes flashed, and he suddenly threw the fist-sized ball at Cui Xie.
"Huff huff huff …"
Time seemed to have stopped at this moment. The light in the sky dimmed, and all the battles stopped at this moment.
Everyone watched as the small ball instantly intersected with the two bright yellow gusts of wind without the slightest hindrance!
Cui Xie and Luo Zheng's complexions changed greatly at the same time!
Luo Zheng was afraid of the Wind of Life and Death. He didn't know what kind of strange thing this Wind of Life and Death was. It didn't seem to have great power, but with a gentle blow, it could cut off all life!
Cui Xie was afraid of the small ball that was rapidly flying towards him. The small ball that Luo Zheng had thrown out contained a power that Cui Xie couldn't imagine. Even if Cui Xie had transformed into a demon and his body was extremely tough, he still wouldn't be able to resist it.
If he was hit by this small ball, he would probably die!
When this thought flashed through Cui Xie's mind, how could he dare to stay in the slightest? He began to retreat rapidly!
After three breaths of time, the small ball finally split open …
Several years later, the cultivators of the Central Domain would call this battle the Battle of Heavenly Awakening City. Any cultivator who participated in this Sect War would inevitably mention the moment when Luo Zheng and Cui Xie fought. This was a moment that hundreds of thousands of cultivators couldn't erase. Even time couldn't forget this moment. This was because this moment had become a legend that had been passed down in the Central Domain for tens of thousands of years!
Everyone watched as the small ball that was emitting a dual-colored light suddenly split open. Two different kinds of starlight soared into the sky. It was as if a pot of boiling oil had been poured into a pot of boiling water. A huge ball of fire appeared in the pitch black world!
With Cui Xie as the center, everything within several thousand feet of him disappeared, including a section of Heavenly Awakening City's city wall!
It was as if a giant had suddenly drilled out of a different space and erased a piece of space out of thin air.
When this horrifying scene entered everyone's eyes, everyone heard a dull sound transmitted over. Almost all the martial artists at the same time had blood flowing out of their ears!
Compared to the terrifying power of Cui Xie's side, almost no one noticed Luo Zheng's side …
The two gusts of Wind of Life and Death were like real death gods, blowing in front of Luo Zheng and Ning Yudie. These gusts of Wind of Life and Death couldn't be blocked, couldn't be erased, and could penetrate everything, including space and time …
At this moment, thousands of thoughts flashed through Luo Zheng's mind. What should he do? How could he break this Wind of Life and Death? Did Xun have a solution? Did the knowledgeable Qinglong have a solution?
Amidst these chaotic thoughts, the two gusts of Wind of Life and Death entered Luo Zheng and Ning Yudie's bodies.
"Pu, pu," the tiny sound was almost negligible.
There was no solution …
When the gusts of Wind of Life and Death entered Luo Zheng's body, he suddenly felt a deep sense of powerlessness. He turned his head and looked at Ning Yudie, only to see that Ning Yudie was also staring at him in a daze.
Luo Zheng felt his vitality drain away at an alarming rate. Ning Yudie was the same.
She was no longer able to maintain the dignity of a Temple Master. Her face was full of panic, like a lost little girl looking for her home. She staggered towards Luo Zheng.
At this moment, a faint voice was transmitted into Luo Zheng's mind. Qinglong suddenly said, "I've thought about it. This Wind of Life and Death contains a trace of the Law of Karma. That's why it's so powerful. I wonder if the Heavenly Dao fragment can unravel it."
Qinglong was clearly speaking in his mind, but to Luo Zheng, it sounded so distant, as if it were on the horizon.
"What is the Law of Karma …"
Luo Zheng silently asked this question. But he found that his consciousness could not be transmitted to Qinglong. He could only stand there in vain, watching Ning Yudie throw herself into his arms. The two of them then fell to the ground.
"The Law of Karma. If there is a cause, then there is an effect. Life is the cause, death is the effect. So when the Wind of Life and Death touches you, you die." Xun's voice also floated out. Then she said, "Luo Zheng, Luo Zheng, you need to use your true essence to open your Sumeru Ring … take out the Heavenly Dao fragment …"
Xun's voice was still incomparably distant, and it sounded a bit unreal. Luo Zheng felt his body become numb and rigid. He should be slowly "dying".
Xun could not use her Sumeru Ring because Luo Zheng's mark was on it. If she forcibly opened it, the entire Sumeru Space would explode. But how difficult was it for Luo Zheng to revolve his true essence at this time? He just felt sleepy and tired, and wanted to fall into a deep sleep.
His father gave him the single name "Zheng", which meant that the journey of his life was endless. Could it be that his life's journey had come to an end?
He struggled to open his eyelids, holding Ning Yudie in his arms. She had closed her eyes, and her face was full of serenity, as if she had fallen asleep. Luo Zheng's face showed a trace of relief. Maybe this was good?
"True essence … just a little bit!" Xun's voice came again. "Do you want to die with Ning Yudie? Where is your sister? She is still in Cui Xie's hands! Even if Cui Xie dies, others will still use her. Do you have the heart to … "
Luo Yan!
Luo Zheng's heart had already stopped beating, but when he heard Xun's voice, it suddenly twitched, and then weakly began to beat again. In the end, there was still someone he couldn't let go of!
At the same time, a wisp of true essence escaped from Luo Zheng's dantian, followed Luo Zheng's meridians, and directly poured into the Sumeru Ring. It erased the mark on the Sumeru Ring, and the Sumeru Ring became an ownerless ring.
Xun quickly took out a small fragment from the Sumeru Ring engraved with a phoenix, and cautiously stimulated the power of the fragment.
The law of cause and effect was a power above the Laws. Compared to the various Origin Laws of this world, the law of cause and effect was even more unreasonable and overbearing.

Chapter 729
Everything in this world had a cause and effect.
Because walking in this world was destined to be difficult …
Because of hard work in cultivation, there would be success in martial arts.
Because …
Compared to the power of laws, the law of karma was purer and more direct.
However, all karma was built around the Heavenly Dao. When a Heavenly Dao was formed, all the karma had already been set. Therefore, the power of the law of karma was the top power of the Heavenly Dao.
No one in this world could fully comprehend all the laws of karma, unless they became the Heavenly Dao itself.
Xun looked at Luo Zheng nervously. Although the fragment of the Heavenly Dao contained a lot of karma, it was only a fragment of the Heavenly Dao. Even she and Qinglong didn't know much about the law of karma, so they didn't know if the fragment of the Heavenly Dao would have any effect.
If Luo Zheng died, the Sword Spirit Body would gradually dissipate, and the last wisp of Xun's soul in this world would lose its place to rely on. It would also dissipate between heaven and earth.
As for Qinglong and the others, they would probably be sealed in the mysterious furnace again.
However, at this time, everyone's attention wasn't focused on Luo Zheng and Ning Yudie. More people were looking at Cui Xie on the other side!
The power of Luo Zheng's attack had exceeded everyone's imagination.
The power of a middle stage False Tribulation Realm martial artist was much stronger than that of a Life and Death Realm martial artist …
Under this attack, how could Cui Xie survive?
As long as Cui Xie died, the Tian Xie Sect would only have Wu Zhanhe left. As a Life and Death Realm martial artist, Wu Zhanhe was difficult to deal with, but the Tian Xie Sect alone couldn't do much. The other martial artists weren't worth mentioning. The World Business Alliance and the Cloud Hall might be able to turn the tables!
Both sides were aware of the importance of Cui Xie. Their fight was meaningless. Cui Xie's life or death directly affected the overall situation!
The two intertwined starlights gradually dissipated. The rocks, yellow soil, trees, and the city walls were also blown away by the wind.
As the smoke and dust gradually dissipated, everyone saw a person lying in the huge crater …
That person's entire body was pitch black, like a sweet potato that had been completely charred. His entire body was wrapped in charcoal, and he lay on the ground, motionless.
"It's Cui Xie!"
"He should be dead, right?"
"Lying there motionless, he's most likely dead. It's impossible for him to survive that kind of attack!"
Many martial artists discussed in low voices.
Many warriors on the city wall naturally hoped that Cui Xie would die. If Cui Xie died, it would mean that they had won this battle.
However, under everyone's watchful eyes, Cui Xie's body suddenly moved.
After seeing Cui Xie move, everyone from the World Business Alliance and the Cloud Hall felt their hearts twitch. Everyone's hearts sank.
Immediately after, Cui Xie moved his limbs and stood up from the ground!
Although Cui Xie was in a sorry state, he was still alive …
"This, this … Luo Zheng's terrifying attack was already unimaginable. However, this Cui Xie is even more exaggerated. He took that attack head-on and still didn't die!"
"This is too exaggerated. This Cui Xie's life is actually so tough!"
The warriors from Apocalypse City were in low spirits, but the warriors from the Tian Xie Sect were in high spirits. Cui Xie was indeed a powerhouse worthy of their trust!
"Our King is mighty! Our King is mighty! Our King is mighty! "
Many independent martial artists roared once again. Their roars shook the heavens and the earth.
"He should be almost there! Kill him while he's down! I'll kill him! "Daoist Master Big Dream looked at Cui Xie in the crater and suddenly charged toward him!
Daoist Master Big Dream naturally understood that only by killing Cui Xie could they end this war. After taking such a heavy blow, Cui Xie was now an arrow at the end of its flight. Daoist Master Big Dream didn't believe that Cui Xie still had room to resist.
Just as Daoist Master Big Dream charged toward Cui Xie, Cui Xie's originally sluggish body suddenly became nimble. His charcoal-like arm suddenly punched toward Daoist Master Big Dream.
Daoist Master Big Dream's expression changed. How could he dodge when he was caught off guard?
"Bang!"
This punch directly smashed Daoist Master Big Dream out of the crater. It was unknown whether he was dead or alive.
Everyone saw Cui Xie's charcoal-like face split open and reveal a sinister smile. Two rows of white teeth were exposed on his pitch-black face, looking extremely terrifying.
"It's over …"
Everyone understood that this sect war had most likely ended prematurely.
Cui Xie was still alive. It looked like he had suffered a very serious injury, but his combat strength didn't seem to be affected too much …
Where was Luo Zheng? Where was Ning Yudie?
Only at this moment did everyone remember the two of them.
The two of them were already hugging each other and lying on the ground.
When Luo Zheng and Cui Xie had fought, the two bright yellow winds were still fresh in everyone's minds. Those two winds hadn't been extinguished by Luo Zheng's attack. Most likely, they had already blown Luo Zheng and Ning Yudie away.
They didn't know what those winds were, but that ancient powerhouse of the World Business Alliance had been blown to death by them. How could Luo Zheng and Ning Yudie resist?
Cui Xie slowly walked out of the crater. The edges of the crater were covered in fine dust. With every step he took, a cloud of dust rose up.
He quickly walked out of the crater and walked towards Luo Zheng and Ning Yudie.
Originally, Xun had activated the Heavenly Dao fragment and placed it beside Luo Zheng. When she saw Cui Xie walk over, she took out a spear from her spatial ring and pointed it at Cui Xie!
Xun's expression was incomparably serious. She pointed her spear at Cui Xie and coldly said, "Stop."
Cui Xie once again grinned and said, "I don't know what kind of existence you are. Perhaps you are Luo Zheng's greatest secret? Luo Zheng is already dead. How about you follow me! "
"Hehe." A contemptuous smile appeared on Xun's face.
"What? Am I not qualified? In the future, I will be the strongest in the Central Domain. The entire Central Domain will be under my control! I will be the ruler and king here! "Cui Xie shouted.
His words were not only for Xun to hear, but also for all the martial artists present.
"What a joke … a small Central Domain, a small lower realm, an ant-like existence, yet you are so arrogant." Xun stared at Cui Xie contemptuously and continued, "A Life and Death Realm martial artist is no better than a speck of dust in my eyes. Back then, with just a glance, I only needed a millionth of my strength to kill you. You want me to follow you? Do you think you are qualified?"
Xun's words stunned everyone.
What kind of existence was this Sword Spirit beside Luo Zheng? A millionth of its strength was enough to kill Cui Xie?
If Xun was not bragging, then she was probably an existence that they could not understand …
Xun's words made Cui Xie's expression freeze. He knew that this foreign race woman had an extraordinary background, but he did not expect to hear such words from her. What level of strength did this woman once possess? What kind of power did she come from?
Cui Xie's gaze continued to shift to Luo Zheng, who was lying on the ground, and said, "It's strange. Logically speaking, Luo Zheng's vitality should have been completely extinguished, but now he seems to be hanging on by a thread?"
After saying this, he ignored Xun's spear and continued to walk toward Luo Zheng.
Seeing Cui Xie move, Xun did not hesitate. With a shake of her spear, an invisible wave of energy fiercely pierced toward Cui Xie.
"Puff!"
The power of Xun's spear was actually comparable to Luo Zheng's all-out attack, but when it pierced Cui Xie's body, it was as if it had pierced a broken piece of cotton, and was distorted by a strange power on the surface of his body.
Then Cui Xie grabbed Xun's spear, and with a shake of his hand, immediately scattered Xun into countless Sword Spirits. These Sword Spirits immediately gathered inside Luo Zheng's body.
As for the spear in Cui Xie's hand, after appreciating it for a moment, he stuffed it into his spatial ring and continued to walk toward Luo Zheng.
Ten zhang …
Fifty zhang …
Thirty zhang …
Cui Xie's gaze fell on a fragment on Luo Zheng's chest, and his eyes revealed a strange luster.
"This fragment …"
Of course, he did not know the origin of this fragment, nor did he know how much it weighed. However, he discovered that Luo Zheng's life was being continued by this fragment, so he naturally believed that this fragment was not ordinary!

Chapter 730
Cui Xie didn't understand the principles behind the Wind of Life and Death, but that didn't mean he couldn't use the Wind of Life and Death to kill.
In fact, using the Wind of Life and Death was very risky for Cui Xie, and it would have a negative effect on his body. But, for the sake of this battle, he had no choice but to fight with everything he had!
The shard in front of him flashed with a color that made his heart skip a beat. With just a glance, Cui Xie was sure that this was no ordinary item. But, he didn't know if this item was the 'great secret' that Master Heartless had mentioned.
In Cui Xie's opinion, Luo Zheng had too many secrets. Perhaps, killing this guy would bring him unimaginable benefits!
Just as Cui Xie continued walking towards Luo Zheng and was about to take the shard, an extremely sharp sword beam suddenly shot out from the city wall!
"Swoosh!"
The sword beam contained an extraordinary aura, as if it represented the entire heavens, and it was here to punish Cui Xie!
The speed of the sword beam was so fast that no one had time to react. Even Cui Xie was slower by a beat!
"Puff!"
The sword beam accurately cut through Cui Xie's wrist, cutting off Cui Xie's hand!
Then, a young man holding a sword in his hand fell onto a green brick on top of the city wall. Next to him, there were two dark bloodstains.
In order to accumulate enough energy for this sword beam, Hua Tianming had nearly overdrawn his own life.
"Too bad … I didn't manage to hit his vital points." Hua Tianming thought to himself regretfully as he fell onto the green brick.
Even though he had only cut off one of Cui Xie's hands, it was enough to make Hua Tianming proud. After all, he was only a Divine Core warrior. The power of the Heavenly Sword was comparable to that of a transcendent divine might!
In fact, this Heavenly Dao was the Heavens itself! The Heavenly Sword that Hua Tianming cultivated also secretly catered to the power of the Heavens itself, and it followed the Heavenly Dao! If he followed the Heavens, Hua Tianming's future achievements might not be any lower than Luo Zheng's.
"That sword beam just now came from a young Divine Core warrior …"
"Yes, Hua Tianming from the Cloud Hall. I heard that the Heavenly Sword he comprehended could instantly kill a Void Tribulation warrior. Looks like the rumors are true!"
"What a pity, there are so many amazing geniuses from the World Business Alliance and the Cloud Hall, but they're all going to be destroyed. Losing one of Cui Xie's hands won't help him."
Cui Xie looked at his severed arm, then glanced at Hua Tianming, who was on the city wall. A trace of killing intent appeared on his face. At his level, there was indeed a way to regenerate a severed limb. However, the regenerated limb often had to be cultivated again. Otherwise, it would become a flaw in his body.
But, Cui Xie didn't have the time to find trouble with Hua Tianming. The most important thing right now was to find out Luo Zheng's secret!
Cui Xie stretched out his hand and pointed at the wound, stopping the blood from flowing out. After that, he stretched out his other hand.
Right at this moment, he suddenly sensed a black shadow flying above his head. He stretched out his hand and grabbed it. What he saw was a thick and heavy sword! It was a sword from the Extreme Purple Realm!
After that, huge swords kept appearing in the sky, forcing Cui Xie to back off!
A figure as elegant as a lotus flower rushed over from the edge of the battlefield. Xi Youqin was wearing a white dress. Her skin was as white as snow. She pounced on Luo Zheng like a leopard. She touched Luo Zheng's skin and felt a chill coming from his body. She couldn't feel the life force in Luo Zheng's body …
Cui Xie was forced back several feet by the huge swords. He felt agitated for no reason. Luo Zheng was almost completely dead. Why were there still so many irrelevant people coming to kill him?
Luo Zheng's luck was so heaven-defying! Even if he died, he wouldn't let him kill him so easily!
Xi Youqin suddenly raised her head. Her eyes were slightly red. Compared to the others, she didn't know much. She couldn't tell that Luo Zheng had suffered many injuries. She also didn't know what the fragment in Luo Zheng's chest was for or whether Luo Zheng was still alive …
She only knew that the person in front of her was the one who caused Luo Zheng to become like this.
Since the Xi Family was destroyed, Luo Zheng had become her sky. Xi Youqin understood that perhaps Luo Zheng didn't value her too much. She didn't even have the thought of asking for a status from Luo Zheng …
However, she still regarded Luo Zheng as her husband and the person she could rely on in this life.
Xi Youqin's eyes slowly became cold. Her eyes were filled with killing intent. She was like an angry leopard, staring at Cui Xie who wasn't far away.
Cui Xie glanced at this woman indifferently. He didn't care about her eyes. If it were before, Cui Xie might have been interested in Xi Youqin. However, this young lady of the Xi Family had lost her Primordial Yin. She was of no use to Cui Xie.
As for this woman's strength, Cui Xie wasn't afraid of her at all …
Si Miaoling's Extreme Violet Yin Body was awakened by Cui Xie using a secret technique. Although the Extreme Violet Yin Body was powerful, it was still limited by one's cultivation base. This young lady of the Xi Family was only an Early Divine Core warrior, there was nothing to be afraid of.
"There are many things between you and me that need to be settled." Xi Youqin suddenly said, "My Xi family, my great grandfather, and the millions of warriors in the Void Spirit Sect!"
A faint smile emerged on Cui Xie's face, then he casually asked, "What are you going to do?"
Xi Youqin's eyes became misty, then she said with a cold voice. "Of course I'm going to kill you!"
"With just you?" After saying that, Cui Xie glanced around. There were still many warriors from the Cloud Hall and the World Business Alliance, but none of them dared to charge at her. Those Void Tribulation warriors still had some self-awareness, but this stupid woman in front of him didn't know anything …
"That's right, with just me." After saying that, Xi Youqin suddenly waved her hand.
In the next moment, Cui Xie's expression changed, and his expression became gloomy.
Numerous huge swords suddenly appeared in the sky …
One, ten, a hundred, a thousand, ten thousand, a million …
These huge swords covered the entire sky, and once again, the outside of Heaven Awakening City was plunged into darkness.
When the people from the World Business Alliance and the Cloud Hall saw this, their eyes went wide!
Many people had witnessed the might of the Extreme Violet Yin Body. When Luo Zheng fought against Si Miaoling, huge swords appeared one after another. The battle was even more dazzling, too much for the eyes to take in.
But, from the beginning to the end, there were only a few dozen huge swords!
How many were there in front of them?
They were densely arranged in the sky, as if the entire sky was made up of these huge swords!
How many people from the Tian Xie Sect would be able to survive if these huge swords slashed down?
Only then did Cui Xie realize that he was really wrong. He stared at Xi Youqin and asked, "You, how did you do it?"
Xi Youqin smiled brightly and shook her head. With a light wave of her finger, millions of huge swords slashed down from the sky at the same time.
She had the best physique in the Extreme Violet Realm, the first-grade Extreme Violet Yin Body. The huge swords she could use were far from what an ordinary Extreme Violet Yin Body could compare to …
Millions of huge swords were not her limit! If she could, as long as she paid a certain price, she could summon all 99 billion huge swords. With so many huge swords, it was enough to destroy the entire Central Domain.
Of course, this was not the result she wanted.
"Retreat!"
"Run!"
"We can't run away. There are huge swords everywhere!"
"Pfff, pfff, pfff, pfff, pfff …"
One by one, the huge swords slashed down, turning all the warriors below into minced meat.
Over a hundred thousand independent martial artists belonging to the Heavenly Evil Sect had been annihilated by Xi Youyou's zither in the span of a few breaths … Only a few Hollow Tribulation Realm martial artists and Wu Zhanhe had survived under the giant swords.
The battlefield outside Heaven Awakening City was like hell on earth. After the huge swords disappeared, the ground was covered in brown mud, which was a mixture of flesh and blood …
At this moment, Cui Xie's expression was as ugly as it could be.
＝＝＝＝＝

Chapter 731
The ones who decided the victory of a war between the sects were usually the few top cultivators.
As long as Cui Xie didn't die, he alone would be able to win this war between the sects.
But, winning was one thing, controlling the city was another …
Even if he killed Luo Zheng, Ning Yudie, and those ancient giants, who was going to help him take over Heaven Awakening City?
Besides, there were hundreds of thousands of cultivators in Heaven Awakening City, was he going to kill them one by one?
Top cultivators against top cultivators, middle cultivators against middle cultivators, and bottom cultivators against bottom cultivators …
Cui Xie had won the battle between the top cultivators, but now, a strange woman had appeared out of nowhere and slaughtered all the middle and bottom cultivators from the Kingdom of Evil Deities. Cui Xie's mood was as bad as it could get!
"Woman, you're courting death!" Cui Xie's face was filled with anger.
This time, he didn't hesitate. He reached out his hand and grabbed Xi Youqin. This fair and clean woman could be crushed into pieces with just one hand!
However, Xi Youqin blinked her eyes and furrowed her brows. Underneath her angry expression, there was a hint of disdain. She reached out her hand and grabbed Luo Zheng and Ning Yudie, then all three of them disappeared in an instant.
"Extreme Purple Realm? What a petty trick! "
Cui Xie was the one who helped Si Miaoling activate her Extreme Purple Yin Body. However, the huge swords Xi Youqin summoned were completely out of Cui Xie's expectation.
After all, Si Miaoling's limit was only a few hundred huge swords. But, this woman was only an Early Divine Core warrior, and she was able to summon huge swords that were several tens of thousands of times stronger than Si Miaoling's. This was something that Cui Xie didn't expect!
After Cui Xie finished speaking, he reached out to grab the place where Xi Youqin had disappeared. According to Cui Xie's judgment, Xi Youqin should be hiding in the Purple Extreme Realm. No matter what, there was still a special node between her and this world. As long as he attacked that node, this woman would have nowhere to hide!
During the Martial Arts Conference, Luo Zheng was also forced by Si Miaoling to hide everywhere. In the end, it was because Luo Zheng relied on the Law of Space to find the location of the node that Si Miaoling was chased out of the Extreme Purple Realm.
Cui Xie originally had a hundred percent confidence, but with this grab, he frowned. His hand was empty!
"How is this possible?!"
Cui Xie clearly saw Xi Youqin disappear into the void. The node must be here. How did this woman do it?
Xi Youqin's faint voice drifted over. "Didn't you say that I was courting death? Haha … Then let me die! "
At this time, how could Cui Xie give up? He had to take down Tianqi City, but his Tian Xie Sect's army had been completely destroyed by this woman. More than a hundred thousand independent warriors, and they were the best among the independent warriors in the Central Domain. This was not a force that could be gathered in a short period of time!
He had paid such a huge price to attack Tianqi City today. How many independent warriors would dare to seek refuge with him in the future?
This time, he could not return empty-handed. Luo Zheng was his biggest gain. How could Cui Xie be willing to let Luo Zheng be taken away like this? He would never allow it!
"Hmph!"
Cui Xie snorted coldly and shot out a punch. With a wave of spatial fluctuations, his sharp eyes searched for the node.
It was still empty …
Then, Cui Xie threw out dozens of punches in one breath. Suddenly, his eyes lit up. He finally found a spatial node in the front left!
But just as he rushed over, the node suddenly disappeared.
"Idiot," Xi Youqin sneered.
Cui Xie did not say a word. He did not want to bicker with this woman at all. It was just that he could not find the node in front of him, and his mood gradually became impetuous.
Extreme Purple Realm …
This was a grotesque and variegated realm.
Dense giant swords were suspended in the sky. They were arranged neatly one by one, and they looked endless, extending to the edge of the world …
Compared to the True Dragon Realm, the Extreme Purple Realm was indeed very different. After all, the True Dragon Realm was a complete realm, and it was one of the largest independent realms among the hundred thousand realms.
The Extreme Purple Realm, on the other hand, was a broken realm with its own set of rules that were completely different from the outside world.
Xi Youqin put Luo Zheng to the side and pulled Ning Yudie away from Luo Zheng. She was not a generous woman. Even though Ning Yudie's body was cold, when she saw the two of them hugging each other, jealousy slowly rose in her heart.
After laying Luo Zheng flat on the ground, Xi Youqin knelt beside him. She held Luo Zheng's cold hands, but there was nothing she could do.
"That … Xun …" Xi Youqin awkwardly called out, "Sister Xun."
After a while, spots of red light began to condense. Xun coldly glanced at Xi Youqin, then turned to look at Luo Zheng. Her face was full of concern, and she immediately asked, "What is it?"
"What happened to Luo Zheng?" Xi Youqin murmured, anxiety appearing on her face.
"He's dead," Xun coldly replied.
Hearing Xun's straightforward answer, Xi Youqin opened her mouth slightly. She wanted to say something, but she stuttered and didn't know what to say. She was so sad that she was in a mess.
Seeing Xi Youqin's expression, Xun snorted and said, "I lied to you. It's hard to say now. We can only wait."
Xi Youqin held Luo Zheng's hand tightly and continued to ask, "Luo Zheng won't die, right? Sister Xun! "
Xun shook her head. "I'm not sure either. I hope so …"
The Heavenly Dao fragment released a strange light. Even after it was activated, the power it released only occupied a very small part of it. The Heavenly Dao fragment was not a panacea. It just happened that the wind of life and death contained a trace of the law of karma.
If one wanted to break the law of karma, they had to use another law of karma to fight it!
Because of life, death …
For many ordinary people, this law of karma was indeed very powerful.
However, it was not the most powerful law of karma.
For example, another law of karma could be easily broken.
"Because of death, nirvana rebirth."
This sort of law of karma could only be controlled by the legendary super God Beast, the Phoenix!
The Phoenix was a Super Mythological Beast, but it was not its attack power that was feared. In comparison, the True Phoenix Clan was generally weaker than the True Dragon Clan, but the Phoenix's life was controlled by the Karma Law of "Nirvana". Death was Nirvana, the beginning of their new life. Therefore, the True Phoenix Clan was almost an indestructible existence. Only by using a more powerful Karma Law could they be truly exterminated.
Compared to all sorts of karma laws, these were all relatively low level karma laws.
Now, they could only rely on Luo Zheng's good fortune. They didn't expect Luo Zheng to comprehend any sort of law of karma. They only needed Luo Zheng to use some sort of law of karma to break the law of karma in the wind of life and death!
A faint trace of energy from the Heavenly Dao fragment flowed into Luo Zheng's body. Luo Zheng's consciousness gradually came into contact with this energy …
At this time, Luo Zheng was immersed in a special state. He was analyzing the information within this energy.
For Luo Zheng, this information was too massive.
The Heavenly Dao recorded the vicissitudes of 3.6 billion years, the vicissitudes of an era. There were 100,000 great worlds, millions of boundless worlds, the stars of the heavens, and the various foreign domains.
Too many things could happen in 3.6 billion years. Even a boundless world couldn't record the events that happened in 3.6 billion years.
Take Luo Zheng's boundless world as an example. The history of this boundless world was only tens of thousands of years old. The history before that was completely blank. This was only tens of thousands of years, let alone 3.6 billion years.
However, the Heavenly Dao fragment wasn't the entirety of the Heavenly Dao. Not to mention, Luo Zheng had only absorbed a trace of energy from the Heavenly Dao fragment.
What do I need to comprehend?
Why do I need to comprehend?
With no one to guide Luo Zheng, he couldn't communicate with anyone, including Qinglong and Xun. He could only rely on himself.
As he continued to analyze, he gradually realized the emotions hidden within the Heavenly Dao fragment.
The Heavenly Dao had emotions?
An inexplicable thought suddenly popped into Luo Zheng's mind …
Xun once told him that this fragment wasn't a fragment of the firmament, but a fragment left behind by the previous Heavenly Dao, "Ying Tian".
From this small fragment, Luo Zheng felt a trace of helplessness and grief from Ying Tian.

Chapter 732
The Heavenly Dao also had emotions. Could it have originally been transformed from a living being?
The Heavenly Dao was the ruler of the universe. If it could transform itself into the entire Heavenly Dao, just what kind of powerful being was it?
The emotions that escaped from this fragment made Luo Zheng understand the helplessness of Ying Tian when it was shattered!
After Ying Tian was shattered, a new Heavenly Dao had to be established. As Xun had said, the current Heavenly Dao was Heaven. In the universe, after countless martial artists broke through to the Life and Death realm, they would encounter life and death tribulations. In other words, minor heavenly tribulations and major heavenly tribulations were sent down by Heaven.
In other words, after Ying Tian was shattered, it was completely replaced by Heaven. Then, how did Heaven accomplish this?
To Luo Zheng, these things were unsolved mysteries. But since he had already obtained a fragment of the Heavenly Dao, he might have a chance to participate in this in the future. It was just that Luo Zheng didn't know just what sort of magnificent secret he was about to face.
As Luo Zheng analyzed the fragment, besides the memories and emotions of the fragment, Luo Zheng also discovered some special things.
Those things were reflected in Luo Zheng's mind. They were made up of characters, arranged in rows and densely packed together.
Above each row were two characters. The upper characters were golden and the lower characters were dark gold. It seemed to be a question and an answer …
Luo Zheng didn't know that these characters were the Karma Laws recorded in the Heavenly Dao fragment!
The first row of characters was cause and the second row of characters was effect.
In the entire universe, if a martial artist wanted to cultivate Karma, they could only choose the Karma Laws that existed in the Heavenly Dao. Thus, these characters were the general outline of the universe. All the Karma Laws were written in them!
Because a seed was planted, flowers and trees could grow.
Because a person worked hard to irrigate and irrigate, they could harvest …
Because a person cultivated a special cultivation method, they could make a breakthrough at a specific time …
Every living being, every martial artist, and even every plant were included in the Karma Laws. Thus, the Karma Laws were the superior Laws of the universe!
As for the so-called inferior Laws, such as the Fire Laws, Water Laws, Time Laws, and Space Laws, they were all inferior Laws.
The operation of the entire universe was supported by the Superior Laws and the Inferior Laws. Only then could it operate freely.
Of course, the laws recorded in the Heavenly Dao fragment of Ying Tian were not the laws below the firmament. The current Heavenly Dao was the ruler of the firmament. This fragment of Ying Tian contained the laws of the Heavenly Dao from 3.6 billion years ago.
Just as Luo Zheng scanned the rows of characters, one of them suddenly shone brightly with golden light!
Luo Zheng's consciousness seemed to have understood the row of characters!
"Because of the eternal cycle of reincarnation, it will never perish …"
Eternal reincarnation, eternal immortality …
Luo Zheng was completely immersed in these words. He was even more unaware that his body was undergoing an astonishing change!
Xi Youqin accompanied Luo Zheng and quietly looked at Luo Zheng's face. This guy who had created countless miracles wouldn't die so easily, right?
At this moment, her heart was filled with regret.
In fact, because she had a First Grade Extreme Purple Yin Body, she had paid a price. Not only did she have the ability to destroy the world, but she could also summon the infant true spirits of the Extreme Purple Realm.
Although those true spirits were only in their infancy, they should have been more than enough to deal with Cui Xie.
However, Luo Zheng had told her more than once that he didn't need anyone to interfere in his battle with Cui Xie. He needed to resolve it by himself. This was his destiny.
This was also why Xi Youqin hadn't made a move when she saw Luo Zheng retreating step by step. Luo Zheng's personality was too stubborn. If she rashly made a move, she would instead anger Luo Zheng. Xi Youqin was now afraid of offending this arrogant guy.
Seeing Luo Zheng's current state, Xi Youqin was naturally filled with regret. If she had another chance, she wouldn't hesitate to sacrifice her lifespan and summon her true spirit to kill Cui Xie.
Even if it had an impact on Luo Zheng's heart of martial arts, it was still much better than his current half-dead state.
Of course, Xi Youqin didn't understand that if Luo Zheng wanted to kill Cui Xie, he didn't even need to use Xi Youqin's ability. He only needed to invite the Divine Sea Realm experts of the Sea God Continent.
Luo Zheng was now walking on an impartial and brilliant path of martial arts. He was moving forward in an almost perfect manner towards the peak. On this path, he didn't allow any flaws. It wasn't that Luo Zheng's mentality couldn't get over Cui Xie, but if he used external forces, Cui Xie would definitely become his inner demon in the future. This demon would erupt at a critical moment and bring him unpredictable results.
"Eh?"
Xi Youqin suddenly had a strange expression on her face.
Next to her, Xun coldly stared at this woman and asked, "What's the fuss about?"
"Luo Zheng, Luo Zheng's body seems to have become smaller!" Xi Youqin blinked. Her clear eyes were filled with disbelief.
"What nonsense are you talking about!" Xun suddenly looked at Luo Zheng and was shocked. "It has indeed shrunk!"
Luo Zheng's body suddenly became smaller. His appearance changed as well. The vicissitudes and murderous aura on his fair face were gone. Instead, he looked more childish. His hair also became shorter. It was as if he had suddenly turned from 20 years old to 14 or 15 years old!
"What on earth happened?" Xi Youqin asked curiously.
Xun shook her head. Even Xun had never seen such a strange thing. She had heard of things like regaining one's youth, and it wasn't difficult for the Yao Ye Clan to do so. However, it definitely wouldn't happen under such circumstances!
The two women stared at Luo Zheng. His body continued to shrink. Soon, he turned from 14 or 15 years old to 11 or 12 years old.
Luo Zheng's green clothes also became loose. He looked like a child wearing clothes that didn't fit his body!
"He became smaller again!" Xun said in surprise.
In the blink of an eye, Luo Zheng turned back to 7 or 8 years old.
3 or 4 years old …
1 or 2 years old …
In the end, Luo Zheng turned back into a baby …
Xi Youqin's eyes flickered. She looked at the baby on the ground and suddenly said, "Did Luo Zheng look like this when he was a child?"
The baby looked very cute. He had a round face and long lush eyelashes. If it weren't for the fact that she was worried about Luo Zheng's safety, Xi Youqin would have hugged him and kissed him.
Xun didn't have the same thoughts as Xi Youqin. She was also deep in thought. This was the first time she had seen such a strange thing. If she guessed correctly, it should be because of the Heavenly Dao fragment that caused Luo Zheng to undergo such a shocking change.
What did Luo Zheng comprehend from the fragment? Or did he trigger some kind of karmic law?
While Fuming was pondering, Luo Zheng's body suddenly began to expand. He gradually grew from the appearance of a baby to that of a boy!
"This is!" Xun's eyes suddenly flickered. A strange idea suddenly flashed in her mind. "Is this the reconstruction of the body or the reincarnation of the body?"
Even Xun and Qinglong knew very little about the karmic law!
The karmic law was the purest rule of the Heavenly Dao. Even Celestial Masters couldn't control it. The Celestial Masters who could control the karmic law were the best of the best.
In Xun's impression, the reconstruction of the body and the reincarnation of the body could achieve this effect. However, Xun couldn't tell. After all, she hadn't seen this kind of karmic law with her own eyes!
"Does it matter which kind it is?" Xi Youqin asked with concern.
Xun smiled, shook her head, and said, "It doesn't matter. If it's the reconstruction of the body, it can make Luo Zheng's body purer. If it's the reincarnation of the body, it won't have any effect on him. But I believe he can wake up!" Xun thought of Luo Zheng's body, which had been soaked in the Hong Meng Dipper, and was much purer than ordinary warriors. His body was a freak in the whole universe. The reconstruction of the body was a great adventure for other warriors, but for Luo Zheng, it might not be a good thing.
The reconstructed body might not be stronger than his current body.

Chapter 733
Luo Zheng's body was expanding at a visible speed, but Xi Youqin had already put away his clothes when he became smaller. Now Luo Zheng was naked and smooth.
Xun looked at the scene in front of her expressionlessly, while Xi Youqin glanced at Xun quietly and blushed slightly. Although Xi Youqin was no stranger to Luo Zheng's body, she was still not used to admiring her man's body with another woman.
But on second thought, Xun was originally in Luo Zheng's body, so she probably knew Luo Zheng better than she did.
Xi Youqin had not thought of this aspect before. In this way, didn't Xun hear the words she said when she and Luo Zheng were entangled? Thinking of this, Xi Youqin's face became even redder.
Seeing Xi Youqin like this, Xun felt puzzled. But this woman was strange, so Xun did not bother to pay attention to her.
As Luo Zheng's body continued to grow, he quickly returned to a seven- or eight-year-old child, an eleven- or twelve-year-old teenager …
Slowly, Luo Zheng's body shape completely recovered, and he returned to the appearance of a 20-year-old young man.
Both women looked at Luo Zheng on the ground anxiously. Would he wake up?
After waiting for a long time, Luo Zheng's body suddenly trembled, and he opened his eyes abruptly.
The sky in the Purple Extreme Realm was dark purple, and purple-black auroras were constantly circulating in the sky. A huge purple sun in the sky was emitting a charming purple light.
Luo Zheng looked at this strange environment, and only then did he notice that Xun and Xi Youqin were beside him. "Where is this?"
Xun immediately replied, "The Purple Extreme Realm. Xi Youqin pulled you in."
Xi Youqin ignored everything and threw herself into Luo Zheng's arms, not hiding the joy on her face.
Luo Zheng hugged Xi Youqin and continued to ask, "Where's Cui Xie?"
Cui Xie's life was very important, and Luo Zheng was most concerned about it.
"He's not dead," Xun replied simply.
"He's not dead …" Luo Zheng lowered his head and murmured, showing a trace of regret. Out of the corner of his eye, he glanced at Ning Yudie next to him, and his face suddenly changed. He pushed Xi Youqin aside and stretched out his hand towards Ning Yudie's small nose.
Cui Xie shot two gusts of the Wind of Life and Death, one, hit Luo Zheng, and the other hit Ning Yudie.
Luo Zheng knew very well how dangerous the Wind of Life and Death was. Even that ancient giant had no power to resist the Wind of Life and Death. He had relied on the Heavenly Dao fragment to recover, but what about Ning Yudie?
Luo Zheng could feel Ning Yudie's slightly cold breath, which meant that Ning Yudie's body was still "alive", but the life force coming from Ning Yudie's body was very weak …
Seeing Luo Zheng's gradually darkening face, Xun said, "The Wind of Life and Death directly devours life force, and it contains the law of karma. Touching it means certain death, so there's no way to resist it. Her life force is now almost exhausted …"
Luo Zheng nodded silently. Even that ancient giant had died immediately after being hit by the Wind of Life and Death. He and Ning Yudie could survive mostly because of the Heavenly Dao fragment, which offset part of the law of karma between life and death. However, Ning Yudie was now in a state of near death, so how could she recover?
He had used the law of karma of reincarnation in the Heavenly Dao fragment to fully recover to his current state.
The reincarnation of his physical body was equivalent to him skipping 20 years of his life, allowing him to grow to his current state.
But what about Ning Yudie? Should he let her comprehend the laws in the Heavenly Dao fragment?
Thinking of this, Luo Zheng did not hesitate and placed the Heavenly Dao fragment on Ning Yudie's chest.
The three of them waited quietly for a while, but Ning Yudie did not respond at all. The Heavenly Dao fragment also did not respond …
"Is it useless?" Looking at Ning Yudie's serene face and her petite body lying on the ground as if she had fallen asleep, Luo Zheng's heart suddenly ached.
Xi Youqin and Xun were also silent. Although Luo Zheng did not speak, they were very clear about Ning Yudie's position in Luo Zheng's heart. He would never allow Ning Yudie to die like this.
"Vitality … Xun, when you went to the Heavenly Feather Sacred Land, didn't the Sacred Tree inject vitality into you?" Luo Zheng asked, a glimmer of hope in his eyes. Even if he could not awaken Ning Yudie now, as long as he could get enough vitality, he might be able to save Ning Yudie.
When Luo Zheng and Xun went to the Heavenly Feather Sacred Land, the Heavenly Feather Sacred Land had injected the vitality of the entire Sacred Tree into Xun. If that vitality could save Ning Yudie, Luo Zheng could take Ning Yudie to the Sea God Continent.
However, Xun shook her head and said, "It's useless. The Sacred Tree's vitality is very special. That Sacred Tree is connected to the hearts of all the members of the Demon Night Clan. The vitality of the Sacred Tree can only be used by members of the Demon Night Clan. Other clans cannot bear it. If Ning Yudie was a member of the Demon Night Clan, this method would work."
After Xun finished speaking, Luo Zheng fell silent again.
After a few breaths of time, Luo Zheng's face was filled with killing intent. He suddenly stood up and clenched his fists tightly. The veins on the back of his hands bulged as he said coldly, "I will think of other methods. No matter what method, Ning Yudie cannot die! However, Cui Xie … I must kill him! Xi Youqin, take me back! "
Seeing Luo Zheng's murderous expression, Xi Youqin's heart began to beat rapidly. At this moment, Luo Zheng felt like a complete stranger to her.
She nodded slightly. She felt a bit sad in her heart. He was willing to be so angry for Ning Yudie. What if it was her?
Xi Youqin didn't have much confidence in facing the question that suddenly popped up in her heart. She had always believed that she wasn't that important in Luo Zheng's heart …
Cui Xie was still searching the surroundings!
The person who understood you the most was often your enemy. Cui Xie also regarded Luo Zheng as his most important enemy. Therefore, he was very clear about how powerful Luo Zheng's fate was. As long as he didn't kill Luo Zheng with his own hands, this brat would always have a heaven-shaking fate to reverse his predicament.
Although the hundreds of thousands of independent martial artists of his Tian Xie Sect had been killed, those martial artists were nothing more than cannon fodder. Even if he was alone, he could still crush the entire Tianqi City. Not to mention that the Tian Xie Sect still had Wu Zhanhe, but there wasn't a single Life and Death Realm martial artist in Tianqi City!
The key problem was to kill Luo Zheng. However, that damned woman was actually hiding in the Extreme Purple Realm. He had been searching for so long, but he still couldn't find that node!
It was true that one wrong step led to trouble at every step!
If he had taken the initiative to snatch Xi Youqin, this wouldn't have happened today, and his Heavenly Demon Joyous Union Array would have been completed.
What Cui Xie didn't expect was that when this Xi Youqin was forcibly taken away by Luo Zheng, he had chased her all the way without success. Later, Luo Zheng had even taken away that woman's Primordial Yin. But today, this woman had taken such a great risk to save Luo Zheng …
This Luo Zheng's fate was much stronger than his. Cui Xie was also incomparably depressed. If it weren't for this series of karma, Luo Zheng would have already been a dead man. Moreover, the hundreds of thousands of disciples of his Tian Xie Sect wouldn't have been killed by that woman's giant sword.
On the city wall, many False Tribulation Realm warriors coldly watched this scene. As for the three fat alliance leaders, they were confronting Wu Zhanhe. At this time, they no longer had the heart to continue fighting.
In the eyes of the many warriors in Tianqi City, as long as Luo Zheng was still alive, then all hope still existed. If Luo Zheng really died, then everything would be over …
"I think it's better to surrender," a False Tribulation Realm warrior said indifferently as he sat powerlessly on the broken city wall of Tianqi City.
"We are warriors of the World Business Alliance. We would rather die than submit. Why should we surrender to the other party?" A stubborn warrior replied unwillingly.
"But facing Cui Xie, we don't even have the strength to fight back. Why should we throw away our lives for nothing?"
"Rather than drag out an ignoble existence, it's better to fight it out with him …"
Every warrior had a different mentality at this time, and their reasons were also different. However, the vast majority of warriors didn't express their opinions. In their hearts, there was still a last glimmer of hope.
At this time, Cui Xie finally discovered that a node had appeared in the air. His face immediately revealed a happy expression as he grinned maliciously, "Luo Zheng, let's see how you dodge!"
＝＝＝＝＝

Chapter 734
Everyone was paying close attention to Cui Xie's movements. When the martial artists in Tianqi City heard Cui Xie's words, their hearts sank.
Cui Xie must have discovered Luo Zheng's hiding place!
This meant that their last hope was about to be extinguished.
Cui Xie didn't hesitate at all. He took a step forward, and his fist flashed. He punched out with unparalleled power and hit the spatial node!
"Bang!"
The moment Cui Xie's fist hit the spatial node, his expression suddenly changed!
A sharp sword suddenly appeared from the spatial node and instantly shattered Cui Xie's fist. The tip of the sword pierced deeply into Cui Xie's fist!
Luo Zheng was holding a high-grade sacred artifact! Even though Cui Xie's fist was covered in a layer of sturdy black scales, it still couldn't block the sharpness of the sacred artifact.
The long sword pierced through Cui Xie's fist and embedded itself into the bones of Cui Xie's hand. A huge force immediately pushed Cui Xie back!
The long sword completely left the spatial node. Next, Luo Zheng's right hand that was holding the sword was pushed back, followed by his entire body!
The ten fingers were linked to the heart. The pain in the hand was the most real and intense. Even Cui Xie's charred face showed a pained expression …
His other hand had been cut off by Hua Tianming's sword. At this moment, he could only continuously retreat.
Luo Zheng didn't give Cui Xie any chance. He firmly held the sharp sword in his hand and pushed forward. He wanted to use the long sword in his hand to nail Cui Xie to the city wall!
After Luo Zheng appeared, Xi Youqin and Ning Yudie also returned from the spatial node. However, Ning Yudie was carried out by Xi Youqin.
"It's Luo Zheng! He really didn't die! "
"I already said that this brat's luck is heaven-defying. No matter how dangerous the situation is, he can still escape with his life. I really don't know how he recovered. It seems like he didn't suffer any injuries!"
"But the Hall Master of the Cloud Hall seems to still be lying on the ground without any movement. Could he have died?"
Atop the broken walls of Heavenly Awakening City, numerous martial artists began to seethe with excitement!
They had already given up hope just now. There was no one in the Central Domain who could stand up to Cui Xie.
Previously, Luo Zheng's "Glory of Two Stars" had completely convinced them. If there was anyone who could defeat Cui Xie, then that person must be Luo Zheng!
But now, Luo Zheng had indeed returned, and he looked like a dragon and a tiger, as if he hadn't suffered any injuries at all.
"Kill Cui Xie! Luo Zheng! Good luck! "
"Luo Zheng, we support you!"
"Luo Zheng, I support you spiritually …" This was shouted by Red Maple.
Hearing this, Pei Tianyao smiled helplessly. Fortunately, Hua Tianming had fainted, otherwise, he was afraid that he would have to teach this brat a lesson.
"Whoosh!"
Luo Zheng and Cui Xie, one in front and one behind, flew towards the city wall. The two of them were separated by a long sword, and the upper half of the long sword was still firmly nailed to Cui Xie's arm. Cui Xie's blood splattered all the way.
"You're really lucky. Even the Wind of Life and Death can't do anything to you!" Cui Xie said coldly.
In fact, the Wind of Life and Death was something that even Cui Xie himself couldn't completely control. Today's battle was not only related to the fate of the Cloud Hall and the World Business Alliance, but also the fate of Cui Xie and the Tian Xie Sect. That was why he used such a terrifying thing!
Cui Xie had never heard of the law of causality. Even Cui Xie himself couldn't figure out how the Wind of Life and Death could kill the opponent. He only knew that the creatures that were blown by the Wind of Life and Death would undoubtedly die. There were no exceptions. No matter how powerful the creatures were, they would take a detour.
Although Cui Xie was desperately looking for the space node, he thought that Luo Zheng's luck was too heaven-defying. As long as he didn't see Luo Zheng die in his hands, he wouldn't feel at ease until he confirmed that his vitality was completely extinguished!
But in fact, Cui Xie thought that Luo Zheng was 99% dead.
The result was completely different from what he had imagined. The Wind of Life and Death didn't seem to cause any harm to Luo Zheng. Looking at Luo Zheng's vigorous appearance, how could Cui Xie not be shocked? It could be said that he was extremely shocked!
What kind of freak was this guy! How could he not die like this?
A sense of powerlessness rose from Cui Xie's heart. He, Cui Xie, was able to develop to this point as an independent warrior. His martial arts heart was as strong as an iron wall. If he couldn't achieve his goal, he would never give up. He was cold-blooded, cruel, decisive, and never hesitated!
But at this moment, he suddenly found that he seemed to have lost his confidence in facing Luo Zheng.
When martial artists fought, especially martial artists with similar strength, it was a competition of one breath. As the saying goes, when two rivals meet on a narrow path, the brave will win. The best mentality for a martial artist was to always maintain an unbelieving belief!
Previously, when Luo Zheng was being chased by Cui Xie, his martial arts heart was somewhat shaken. It was Ning Yudie who used her frost aura to calm Luo Zheng down. Under Ning Yudie's comfort and encouragement, he quickly recovered. But at this time, who could help Cui Xie?
Cui Xie had prepared many methods for Luo Zheng. The Wind of Life and Death was the enemy of all life, but it couldn't do anything to Luo Zheng.
Now, Cui Xie couldn't figure out how he could kill Luo Zheng!
How sharp was Luo Zheng's perception?
The trace of sadness that flashed through Cui Xie's eyes was caught by Luo Zheng's sharp eyes.
Cui Xie was Luo Zheng's greatest enemy and also someone he had to kill. Any flaw that Cui Xie revealed would be grasped by Luo Zheng!
Now that a flaw had appeared in Cui Xie's martial arts heart, Luo Zheng naturally wouldn't let it go!
"Cui Xie, you're not qualified to kill me!" Luo Zheng sneered.
"Is that so? You're just a False Tribulation Realm martial artist. Do I need to be qualified to kill you? "Cui Xie wasn't a fool. At this time, he quickly adjusted his mentality.
But Luo Zheng immediately said, "That's right! It's a pity that people like you are too arrogant. You want to call yourself an emperor and establish a Divine Kingdom, but you don't know that both a sacred ground and a Divine Kingdom need a Divine Sea Realm cultivator to guard it. What do you have to open the Divine Sea and call yourself an emperor with your talent? "
In order to build a Divine Kingdom or Sacred Land, it required a Divine Sea warrior to guard it. Just like the Purple Heart Sacred Land on the Sea God Continent. Although it was ranked at the bottom of the Sea God Continent, it still had Situ Haotian and two other Divine Core warriors guarding it.
Of course, if the entire Central Domain was united, they might be able to build a Divine Kingdom. But, as the King, he wasn't qualified to build one!
As long as a Divine Realm martial artist didn't die, he or she would be able to steadily break through to the Divine Sea realm!
Divine Realm geniuses weren't rare in the Sea God Continent, but in the Central Domain, their numbers were very small. However, in recent years, Cui Xie's son, Cui Yun, Xi Xiaojie from the Void Spirit Sect, and a few others had shown up.
As for Cui Xie, his talent couldn't be rated as a Divine Realm warrior. At most, he could only be rated as a Heavenly Realm warrior.
Of course, it was possible for him to break through to the Divine Sea realm with a Heavenly Realm warrior's talent, but it would be much more difficult. That was why Cui Xie's talent had always been his sore spot. When he found out that his son had a Divine Realm warrior's talent, he had spent a lot of effort in training him!
"It's just talent, I'm not limited by such a trivial matter. Once I set up the Great Heavenly Devil Joyous Union Formation, I'll definitely …" Before Cui Xie could finish his sentence, Luo Zheng clenched his fist, and the tip of his sword rotated in Cui Xie's hand. Cui Xie's face instantly turned pale.
"You won't have the chance. I've said it before. Since you dared to take Luo Yan away, you must be prepared to die!" Luo Zheng's voice had just faded away when the two finally crashed into the city wall.
"Boom!"
A large part of the city wall had already collapsed. Under this collision, a large hole was smashed open, and bricks one zhang wide fell down one after another.
At the moment of impact, Luo Zheng suddenly pulled his long sword out of Cui Xie's hand, and once again fiercely stabbed towards Cui Xie's chest!
Now, one of Cui Xie's hands had been chopped off, and the other hand had been crushed by Luo Zheng's high-grade saint artifact. He had completely lost the ability to fight back. Facing Luo Zheng's long sword, he could only choose to retreat. He shot backwards, and escaped along the inside of the city wall!
The inside of the city wall was built with all kinds of boulders and beams. Under this collision, the row of city walls began to collapse along the direction of Cui Xie's escape.

Chapter 735
The warriors outside could see that the ten li wide city wall was quickly collapsing like tofu.
The warriors watching the battle on the city wall quickly left to avoid being caught in the crossfire.
"Pu!"
In the process of dodging, Luo Zheng stabbed his sword again. Cui Xie couldn't dodge in time, and the sword directly cut a slender wound on his chest, causing blood to flow out.
If it was before, when Cui Xie stimulated his demon bloodline and a layer of special scales appeared on his body, Luo Zheng wouldn't have been able to do much to him.
After all, Luo Zheng exhausted all his means of attack and still couldn't break Cui Xie's defense!
But now … …
Luo Zheng's "Glory of Twin Stars" directly carbonized Cui Xie's skin. Under the charred skin, there was only new flesh that had just grown out. If he wanted to completely recover his previous defense, he would need time to recuperate. How could a layer of newly grown flesh block Luo Zheng's high-grade Sage Grade sword?
If Cui Xie knew that Luo Zheng was still alive and could still chase after him, he would've left early and hid in a corner to recuperate. He would've waited for his body to completely recover before coming back.
But now, he had to fight against Luo Zheng with his incomplete body, which made him complain incessantly.
"Rumble … …"
Luo Zheng chased him from one end of the city wall to the other. From time to time, the figures of the two would appear from the broken walls. Everyone who saw this scene was also stunned.
"This Luo Zheng is really a fierce person. At the beginning, he was pressing Cui Xie down and beating him. Seeing that he was about to be killed by Cui Xie, he suddenly jumped up and pressed him to the ground again … …"
"This guy is already an existence that we can't understand. His strength can't be measured by his cultivation base. It can't even be measured by his eyes!"
"He's going to win! I can't believe that he can really kill Cui Xie! "
Seeing this inconceivable scene, the morale of many martial artists in Heavenly Enlightenment City soared. From the looks of it, the World Business Alliance and the Cloud Hall should be saved!
"Boom!"
Cui Xie finally made it out of the city wall and dashed towards Wu Zhanhe. "Old Wu, help me!"
As the dignified number one master of the Central Domain, he had been chased down by a 20 year old youth and had even called out to other martial artists for help. This loss of face was far too great. It was easy to imagine how this matter would spread throughout the entire Central Domain, to all the tea houses and wine shops, to the point where it would be repeated over and over again. It would become the topic of conversation for many martial artists and even mortals. It would even become a story told by storytellers!
When Wu Zhanhe heard this, he naturally wanted to help. Cui Xie's death was not a good thing for Wu Zhanhe!
However, how could the three leaders of the World Business Alliance allow Wu Zhanhe to help Cui Xie? The moment the three fatties saw Wu Zhanhe move, the three of them surrounded Wu Zhanhe.
Who knew that Wu Zhanhe would give Shi Kefan a strange smile, "Do you really think that you can stop me?"
Previously, Wu Zhanhe was indeed entangled with Shi Kefan, Yan Yueshan, and Mo Haishan. However, at that time, Wu Zhanhe was waiting for Cui Xie to make a move. He did not put in any effort, preserving his own strength!
Even if the Kingdom of Evil Deities was really taken down, it would belong to Cui Xie. Wu Zhanhe was a Life and Death Realm martial artist. He was not so magnanimous as to be willing to hand over the Central Domain to Cui Xie.
He was also preserving his strength. If he chose the right time, he would naturally turn against Cui Xie and seize everything he had!
However, right now, Cui Xie could not die …
"Si si …"
After Wu Zhanhe revealed a strange smile, traces of pitch black Quintessential Qi swirled out. The Quintessential Qi transformed into hundreds of small black snakes that shot towards the three Merchant Union Heads.
Those small snakes were like real snakes, coiling in the air. Revealing their poisonous fangs, they bit towards Shi Kefan and the rest.
Transforming True Yuan into snakes was something that any martial artist who had stepped into the Xiantian realm could do. They only needed to catch a snake and visualize it. Most martial artists could do it vividly.
However, the danger of these small snakes was not their fangs, but the poison they contained!
Wu Zhanhe could be called the "Poison King". His standard of using poison was something that ordinary martial artists could not hope to reach. Furthermore, he had cultivated the inner version of the "Five Poison Scripture", and his standard of using poison had improved greatly.
The three leaders carefully dealt with these black poisonous snakes. As for Wu Zhanhe, he rushed towards Cui Xie. Colorful lights began to emit from his body. At this time, the colors on Wu Zhanhe's body were abnormally bright!
"Careful! Luo Zheng! Don't come into contact with this guy! "Shi Kefan was unable to get rid of these small black snakes and could only warn Luo Zheng.
The brighter the color, the stronger the poison!
Luo Zheng glanced at Wu Zhanhe indifferently. His gaze was still fixed on Cui Xie. Wu Zhanhe's "Five Poison Scripture" was an absolutely fatal existence to other martial artists. Even Cui Xie would be wary of it. However, to Luo Zheng, it was completely futile.
His high-grade Immortal tool body was not invulnerable to poison because he would not react to any poison at all!
With a wave of Wu Zhanhe's hand, a huge colourful net flew towards Luo Zheng's head. Before the net could cover Luo Zheng, there was already a fishy smell wafting over.
"Let's see if you'll retreat or not!" Wu Zhanhe stared at Luo Zheng with a sinister smile.
His poison net was made from 81 types of poisonous substances in the Central Domain. Moreover, it was refined using the secret method in the "Five Poison Scripture". Not to mention the False Tribulation Realm Luo Zheng, even Cui Xie would not dare to be enveloped by this poison net. Moreover, according to the "Five Poison Scripture", even if a Divine Sea Realm expert was enveloped by this poison net, they would still die.
This was the terrifying part of cultivating poison techniques. As long as one could collect fatal poisons, they could still kill those experts above their realm!
In the end, Wu Zhanhe saw Luo Zheng crash into the poison net. Moreover, it seemed that Luo Zheng did not hesitate or fear. His gaze was fixed on Cui Xie and he did not even look at his poison net …
"Is this guy crazy?!" Wu Zhanhe's expression changed. Then, a large hole appeared in his poison net. Part of the colorful poison net was still hanging on Luo Zheng's body.
"Ignoring my poison net, you will pay a painful price!" Wu Zhanhe stared at Luo Zheng. The poison of this poison net acted up very quickly. Moreover, when Luo Zheng circulated his True Essence, the poison could quickly spread throughout his body. If nothing unexpected happened, Luo Zheng could only live for another ten breaths of time!
"Fall for me!"
"Fall!"
"That's true!"
"Fall …"
Ten breaths, twenty breaths, thirty breaths …
The corner of Wu Zhanhe's mouth twitched. Only now did he unwillingly admit that his poison net seemed to have no effect on Luo Zheng!
What kind of monster was this kid! Wu Zhanhe lamented in his heart. After all, in his heart, Wu Zhanhe's poison net was on par with Cui Xie's Wind of Life and Death. But now, it had no effect at all. The degree of shock in his heart was almost the same as that of Cui Xie.
Shi Kefan, Yan Yueshan, and the others were resisting the small black snakes while paying attention to the movements below. They looked at each other and saw smiles in each other's eyes!
Luo Zheng really had the ability to turn the tide!
"Pu!"
Luo Zheng stabbed his sword into Cui Xie's back.
Cui Xie was an arrow at the end of its flight, while Luo Zheng had just undergone a physical reincarnation and obtained a new life. Whether it was in terms of mentality or body, the two were completely different.
When the sword pierced through, Luo Zheng's Vital Spirit suddenly erupted and pushed the long sword down. The long sword directly pierced through Cui Xie's chest and nailed him to the ground. The sword hilt was still shaking on the ground.
How could Cui Xie be willing to be tied up without a fight?
The moment he was nailed to the ground, he was about to turn over and get up. Luo Zheng had already taken a step forward and stepped on Cui Xie's chest, stomping him into the mud.
"It's over." Luo Zheng pressed his hand on the hilt of his sword and stared indifferently at Cui Xie.
Cui Xie raised his head to look at Luo Zheng, a look of panic finally appearing in his eyes. To him, this war between the sects was almost a sure-win battle, and it was also a crucial moment for him to establish his Divine Kingdom. But thanks to this boy, the situation had taken a sudden turn. Hundreds of thousands of independent martial artists had been wiped out, and he had fallen into this predicament in an instant!
How could Cui Xie be willing to accept this?
At this moment, a strange smile suddenly appeared on Cui Xie's face. "Over? Hahahaha! It's still far from over! "
＝＝＝＝＝

Chapter 736
Luo Zheng looked at Cui Xie coldly with calm eyes. In fact, Luo Zheng had already guessed what was going on.
"The Central Domain will be purged by the Yu Dynasty sooner or later, and you … Hahahahaha!" Cui Xie's smile was crazy and ferocious. His scorched face looked as abominable as a demon's.
As Cui Xie spoke, he took out an Eight Trigrams Mirror from his Sumeru Ring with trembling hands and threw it at Luo Zheng.
Luo Zheng casually blocked the Eight Trigrams Mirror. The Eight Trigrams Mirror rolled a few times on the ground and faced up. The broken mirror slowly condensed into a human figure.
Everyone's eyes were focused on Luo Zheng. The battle between Luo Zheng and Cui Xie was what they were most concerned about. They all wanted to know what tricks Cui Xie, an ambitious and ruthless person, had up his sleeve when he was at the end of his rope.
The human figure slowly condensed. It was the boy that Luo Zheng had encountered before.
Luo Zheng looked at the boy indifferently with contempt on his face. He asked Cui Xie, "Is this your last trick? You're just a defeated opponent. "
The boy suddenly spoke, "You're Luo Zheng, right?"
"So what if I am?" Luo Zheng replied coldly.
"Yes, I did lose to you in Tianyun City last time, but I only lost a wisp of my soul. The Astral Storm has already stopped. Hahaha, you just need to sit and wait for your death. When the time comes, the entire Central Domain will be my, Heartless Sweetheart's, fiefdom! As for the secret in your mind, it belongs to me as well! "The boy laughed wildly.
Cui Xie also laughed, "Luo Zheng, I advise you to give up resisting! There are countless warriors of the Divine Sea Realm in the Yu Dynasty. They can totally crush you. If you choose to surrender now, I can consider leaving your corpse intact! "
Hearing Cui Xie and Heartless Monk's words, the hearts of many martial artists in Heavenly Enlightenment City trembled. Now, the Central Territory had truly fallen into troubled times. They had finally forced Cui Xie into a dead end and victory was right in front of them. But now, the Great Yu Divine Kingdom had suddenly appeared!
Divine Sea Realm warriors …
With the strength of the warriors in the Central Domain, a Divine Sea Realm warrior could sweep the entire Central Domain!
There was a huge Astral Storm in the sky above the Chaotic Astral Ocean, so it was very difficult to travel between the Divine Kingdoms and the Central Domain.. Only a few warriors had been to the Divine Kingdoms, but there was not much communication between them..
For the Central Domain, the four Divine Kingdoms were too powerful. The Astral Storm was also a big barrier to protect the Central Domain.
For the four Divine Kingdoms, the Central Domain could only be regarded as a barren land. The four Divine Kingdoms were not very interested in the Central Domain. Therefore, the two continents had maintained peace for so many years and minded their own business.
Judging from Heartless Sweetheart's tone, what he cared about was not the Central Domain, but the secret in Luo Zheng's mind. What on earth existed in Luo Zheng's mind? Even the warriors of the Divine Kingdoms were so interested in it?
"The secret in my mind?" Hearing Heartless Sweetheart's words, Luo Zheng's face darkened.
The secret of the mysterious furnace and the nine real dragons in Luo Zheng's mind had never been known to outsiders. Last time, when Luo Zheng fought against Heartless Sweetheart's soul in his mind, Qinglong directly swallowed his soul. He did not expect Heartless Sweetheart to know his secret!
Seeing Luo Zheng's face change, Cui Xie thought Luo Zheng was scared. He sneered and said, "Have you thought it through? If you are willing to give me all your secrets, I will consider sparing your life! "
Luo Zheng's eyes flashed. He said coldly, "Childish!"
Then he pulled out the long sword in his hand. A sword light shot out and immediately cut the Eight Trigrams Mirror into pieces.
The moment the Eight Trigrams Mirror was cut into pieces, Heartless Sweetheart's shadow slowly became blurred. Finally, his whole figure gradually disappeared, leaving only a strange smile.
The moment Luo Zheng pulled out his sword, Cui Xie suddenly rose from the ground. With his character, even in this situation, he would not give up.
However, Luo Zheng did not give Cui Xie any chance. He slashed out with his long sword. The sword light was like a silver snake, entangling Cui Xie's body. In an instant, his body was cut into pieces. His demon-like head rolled on the ground. In addition to unwillingness in his eyes, there was also a smile on his face. He wanted to say something, but how could he speak when his head was separated from his body? His shriveled mouth opened and closed weakly a few times. His vitality completely dissipated.
Luo Zheng suddenly felt relaxed after killing his old enemy with his own hands.
Since the beginning of the Blue Cloud Sect, Cui Xie's shadow was like a brand on his martial heart. And now, Luo Zheng had finally expelled this brand, removing the biggest stone in his heart!
Many martial artists in Tianqi City heaved a sigh of relief in their hearts. Even though the words of the boy had made them feel even more pressured, today's battle should be over. The only troublesome one was Wu Zhanhe!
Wu Zhanhe, who was floating in the air, saw this scene. His face suddenly changed. His black Zhen Yuan suddenly revolved, turning into a stream of light and speeding away!
Although Wu Zhanhe was a Life and Death expert, he mainly cultivated poison arts. His poison arts were incomparably sharp. Even if Cui Xie was stronger than him, he was still wary of Wu Zhanhe. The problem was that he had seen Luo Zheng break through his poison net with his own eyes. He did not put his poison arts in his eyes. How could he resist Luo Zheng?
This kid was completely immune to poison!
What's more, Cui Xie was already dead. His defeat was already set. If he continued to fight, he would only lose his life. There was no other meaning!
It seemed like he would have to live a life of concealing his identity again …
As for the remaining False Tribulation Realm martial artists of the Tian Xie Sect, they also scattered and fled. Some of them were chased by the martial artists of Apocalypse City, but the three Alliance Masters and Luo Zheng did not chase after them.
Although Wu Zhanhe was a False Tribulation Realm martial artist, he was only a loner. In the Central Domain, he did not have much fame. The backbone of the Tian Xie Sect was Cui Xie. Now that the number one person in the Central Domain was dead, the entire Tian Xie Sect was scattered. These independent martial artists could only live a life of concealment in the future. Otherwise, if they went to any other sect, they would be punished!
With a long sword in hand, Luo Zheng slowly walked towards Ning Yudie and Xi Youqin, who were not far away.
Within a radius of dozens of li, Ning Yudie's huge sword had plowed through the ground. The ground was filled with a mixture of mud and blood. As he walked forward, he left behind footprints.
The setting sun was dyed red with blood, and the rays of sunlight reflected on the broken tiles of Apocalypse City. Every martial artist felt a sense of sadness and joy. They had won this battle by a great margin, but they had still won in the end!
When Xi Youqin saw Luo Zheng walking towards her, a trace of joy appeared on her face. She pursed her lips and smiled. When she smiled, her faint appearance gave people a gentle and tranquil feeling. She reached out to hold Luo Zheng's arm, but Luo Zheng gently avoided her and continued walking towards Ning Yudie.
Xi Youqin's hand froze in mid-air. She looked at Luo Zheng's back in disappointment. However, her bright eyes turned and she immediately cheered up. She followed Luo Zheng. She knew that Luo Zheng was in a bad mood. Now was not the time to throw a tantrum.
Walking to Ning Yudie's side, Luo Zheng held her petite body in his arms and then flew towards the sky. After floating in the air, he glanced indifferently at the remaining martial artists.
The martial artists of Apocalypse City hadn't suffered too many losses. Of the hundreds of thousands of martial artists, only about a third had been lost. After all, almost all of the martial artists of the Tian Xie Sect had been killed by Xi Youqin's giant sword …
All of the martial artists' eyes were shining. It wasn't known who shouted first, "Luo Zheng! Mighty! "
The shouting wasn't loud, but it was very loud. Soon, more than a dozen martial artists joined in.
"Luo Zheng! Mighty! "
Immediately after, hundreds, thousands, tens of thousands …
All of the martial artists followed the rhythm and roared towards Luo Zheng in the sky!
Today, Luo Zheng had become the savior of Apocalypse City. Or rather, the savior of all the sects in the Central Domain …
As long as they poured true essence into their voices, their voices could be transmitted far away.
All of the martial artists held their breaths. Now that they had won, how astonishing would their roars be? Hundreds of thousands of martial artists roared together with their true essence. That sound was terrifying to the extreme.
In the entire Apocalypse City, tens of millions of mortals could hear it clearly. That sound drifted far, far away.

Chapter 737
Looking at Ning Yudie's serene face, Luo Zheng's face revealed a trace of sadness.
He wasn't a pretentious person. Most of the time, he could control his emotions. However, the sadness he felt at the moment made it difficult for him to control himself.
The battle with Cui Xie ended with his victory. However, he paid such a painful price. Most of Ning Yudie's vitality was taken away. She was like a dead person.
This was also a result that Luo Zheng didn't expect.
Many warriors were roaring and shouting Luo Zheng's name. However, Luo Zheng was moving forward slowly, flying towards Tianqi City.
The three leaders of the World Business Alliance looked at each other and followed Luo Zheng. In fact, the three of them were most concerned about what the boy said. Would the Yu Da Divine Kingdom really send people to the Central Domain?
If so, this would be the biggest crisis in the history of the Central Domain!
Throughout the history of the Central Domain, there were constant battles. This time, the Sect War launched by the Tian Xie Sect swept across more than half of the Central Domain. However, it wasn't unprecedented in the history of the Central Domain. During the most chaotic period of the Central Domain, all the Sects fought for themselves and attacked each other. It was completely chaotic.
However, these Sect Wars were ultimately internal conflicts within the Central Domain!
On the other hand, the Divine Kingdom of Yu the Great had come from another continent, and it had entered the central territory as an invader!
As long as a powerful warrior of the Divine Sea Realm entered the Central Domain, it was enough to sweep the entire Central Domain.
Luo Zheng was powerful, but he was only a warrior of the False Tribulation Realm. It was impossible for him to fight against a powerful warrior of the Divine Sea Realm. By then, who could resist the Yu Da Divine Kingdom?
This wasn't a hidden worry. Just now, everyone heard clearly that the Astral Sea Storm in the Chaotic Astral Sea had stopped. Those powerful warriors of the Divine Sea Realm could easily pass through the Chaotic Astral Sea and arrive in the Central Domain.
However, this imminent crisis didn't have the slightest possibility of turning into a crisis …
Three days later.
Luo Zheng stood at the entrance of a palace like a statue, quietly looking at the sky.
Heavenly Awakening City was the most prosperous city in the Central Domain. It was home to all the artificers, alchemists, runemasters, and of course, all the famous doctors in the world.
An old man in a white robe came out of the palace and sighed towards Luo Zheng. There was a look of regret on his face.
This old man's name was Xue Xi. Even in the Central Domain, where famous doctors gathered, he was considered a first-rate miracle doctor.
"Doctor Xue, how is it?" Luo Zheng asked softly.
In fact, Luo Zheng already knew the answer from Xue Xi's expression.
Even the knowledgeable Qinglong was helpless. How could the doctors in the Central Domain compare to Qinglong's knowledge?
However, people who were about to drown would always grab onto some life-saving straws. Luo Zheng couldn't tell right now, so he could only try.
Xue Xi was indeed a knowledgeable man. He said, "The Hall Master of the Cloud Hall isn't sick!" Xue Xi didn't know anything about the law of causality, nor did he know that Ning Yudie was hit by Cui Xie's Wind of Life and Death. He said according to his own understanding, "Since we were born, when we absorbed the first breath of Innate Fetal Qi, the life force in our body is constant! That's why the little guy gives people a feeling of vitality! "
"Our fleshly bodies are like buckets filled with vitality. However, as time passes, the vitality in the buckets will be slowly depleted! When a warrior cultivates, he will constantly expand the bucket, increasing the life force in the bucket by ten times, a hundred times, a thousand times. Therefore, a warrior will have a lifespan that is ten times, a hundred times, a thousand times longer than a mortal! "
"As a person gradually grows older, the bucket will slowly decay, and the life force in the bucket will gradually dry up. For example, when a mortal reaches the age of eighty or ninety, even if they don't suffer from any pain or illness, they will still die. This is the so-called dying without illness! In fact, the life force in the bucket will dry up … "
"The Hall Master of the Cloud Hall is like this. 99% of the life force in the bucket has already disappeared. Only a faint trace of life force is hanging on to her body. Fortunately, the bucket of the Hall Master is much larger than the other warriors. Gradually, the remaining trace of life force is enough to keep her body from dying. However, her current state, to put it bluntly, is not much different from a dead person!"
Xue Xi was very patient as he explained to Luo Zheng.
In Tianqi City, Xue Xi was considered a very old and famous doctor. In addition to his great fame, his temper was also very bad. As the saying goes, a person with talent is arrogant. Even if he was the Alliance Master of the World Business Alliance, Xue Xi would rarely give him a good face.
However, today, he was very patient and patiently explained so much to Luo Zheng.
"Is there a solution?" Luo Zheng asked.
In fact, Luo Zheng knew what Xue Xi said. He didn't want an explanation, but a solution. No matter how much he said, it was useless to Luo Zheng.
"No," Xue Xi replied firmly, "In the Central Domain, there are indeed many medicinal pills that can prolong life. However, these medicinal pills don't really replenish life force! Those medicinal pills only repair the 'bucket' and slow down the loss of life force. However, the Hall Master of the Cloud Hall is not facing this problem! "
Luo Zheng frowned, but in the end, he nodded. "I understand!"
After Xue Xi left, Luo Zheng entered the palace. Several maidservants were waiting on the side. Ning Yudie was lying on a brown wooden bed. She still hadn't changed at all. It was as if she had fallen asleep and stubbornly refused to wake up.
Luo Zheng quietly looked at her for a long time. He remembered that on the way back from River Wave City, Luo Zheng had vowed that if he survived this crisis, he would hold a Dual Cultivation Ceremony with her.
The crisis had passed, and Cui Xie had been killed by him. However, he still ended up in this situation.
When Luo Zheng walked over, the maidservants obediently stepped aside. He originally had some words to say, but when they reached his mouth, he swallowed them back down. A firm look appeared in his eyes again. However, in his heart, he said, "I won't let you die."
Then, Luo Zheng turned around and walked out of the palace. He arrived at the main entrance of the World Business Alliance's headquarters. The three Alliance Masters and many False Tribulation Realm martial artists had been waiting here for a long time.
On the side of the main entrance, Ao Xiang was dressed in martial arts attire. An emerald green scimitar was strapped to his waist. He was ready to go.
Although Cui Xie was dead, the remnants of the Tian Xie Sect had not been completely eradicated. In the past few days, the martial artists of the World Business Alliance and the Cloud Hall had spread to the eastern cities one after another to clean up the independent martial artists.
However, most of the martial artists of the Tian Xie Sect had already scattered like birds and beasts. Their defeat was like a landslide. The backbone of the Tian Xie Sect was dead. The other martial artists simply had no power to resist.
As for this group of people, they were heading to the Void Spirit Sect. It had become the temporary headquarters of the Tian Xie Sect. All the important things of the Tian Xie Sect had been moved to this place.
On the day Cui Xie was killed, Ao Xiang couldn't wait to go to the Void Spirit Sect. He had heard that after Cui Xie made the Void Spirit Sect his headquarters, he had imprisoned his lover there.
Although Cui Xie was dead, there should still be many False Tribulation Realm martial artists guarding the Void Spirit Sect. With his Divine Core cultivation base, it was impossible for him to save Cui Xie's life if he went there alone. He had no choice but to wait for the main group in Tianqi City.
After this group of people gathered together, they started marching towards the Void Spirit Sect.
A few days later, Luo Zheng and his group appeared in the sky above the Void Spirit Sect. When they arrived at the Void Spirit Sect, all the defensive formations in the sect had been activated.
Although the Void Spirit Sect had been occupied by the Tian Xie Sect, the defensive formation left behind by Feng Guanyu wasn't completely destroyed. Although Cui Xie was dead, there were still many martial artists with great ambitions in this world.
Obviously, these martial artists hadn't given up yet. They wanted to rely on the defensive formation of the Void Spirit Sect to resist.
In the eyes of some False Tribulation Realm martial artists of the Tian Xie Sect, the Tian Xie Sect's backer was the Yu Divine Kingdom. Once the people of the Yu Divine Kingdom arrived, the entire situation would be reversed.
This was also the reason why they still wanted to protect the Void Spirit Sect.
"Although Feng Guanyu's Thousand Illusionary Formation is very exquisite, it can only defend against False Tribulation Realm martial artists. Break the formation." Luo Zheng said with an indifferent tone.
The strength of the three Alliance Chiefs of the World Business Alliance was comparable to a Life and Death Realm martial artist. With the addition of Luo Zheng and many other False Tribulation Realm martial artists, it wasn't difficult for them to break this defensive formation.
Furthermore, many False Tribulation Realm martial artists in the Tian Xie Sect were either dead or injured. Most of them had fled in all directions and concealed their identities. There weren't many martial artists who were willing to stay in the Tian Xie Sect and fight to the death.
* Boom * * Boom * * Boom * * Boom * *
Under the continuous attacks of the group, the Thousand Illusionary Formation was finally broken.

Chapter 738
The Void Spirit Sect was in chaos right now.
Back then, when they attacked the Void Spirit Sect, just how arrogant were they?
In front of the Void Spirit Palace, the plaque with the words' Void Spirit Sect 'was destroyed by them, and replaced with a plaque made from pure gold. The words' Tian Xie Sect 'were engraved on the plaque. This plaque made from pure gold weighed over 5,000 kilograms, and it shone brightly as it hung in front of the Void Spirit Palace. It was an extraordinary sight.
But too bad, this plaque had only been hung for a few months …
These independent warriors thought that if they followed the Tian Xie Sect, they would be able to secure their position in the entire Central Domain. But in the end, the Tian Xie Sect rose like a shooting star, and fell like a shooting star …
These independent warriors weren't trained by the Tian Xie Sect, and they weren't loyal to the Tian Xie Sect. During this period of time, more than one or two warriors had fled from the Void Spirit Sect. In the beginning, the Sect Elders of the Tian Xie Sect had tried to restrain them, but soon, even those Sect Elders had fled, leaving only a small number of warriors behind.
Within the Void Spirit Palace, Cui Yun was alone. Next to him were two girls who had sealed their senses. One of them was Luo Yan, and the other was Ao Xiang's lover. Both of them possessed the Extreme Violet Yin Body.
Because there weren't enough women, Cui Xie had sealed their senses. Through this secret cultivation method, their cultivation had reached the Mid Divine Core realm.
Cui Yun was lying on the spacious Dragon Throne without any energy left in his body. He stared blankly at everything in front of him, and there was a crazed look in his eyes.
A few months ago, he was still having a beautiful dream. When the Kingdom of Evil Deities reclaimed the entire Central Domain, his father would become the King of the Kingdom, and he would become the Crown Prince. Once the Kingdom of Divine Deities was established, he would unify the entire Central Domain, and no one in the Central Domain would be able to fight against him.
Unfortunately, this dream was too short, as if it was really a dream. After waking up, he was shocked to realize how childish he was.
At this moment, Cui Yun had also comprehended something. He realized that everything was destined. Luo Zheng wasn't just his nemesis, he was his father's nemesis as well ….
But so what if he comprehended it? The Central Domain was huge, but he had nowhere to go. Those independent warriors could still hide their identities. After all, there were too many independent warriors in the Tian Xie Sect. It would be difficult for the World Business Alliance and the Cloud Hall to find them one by one.
On the other hand, Cui Yun was Cui Xie's son. As a God-level genius, everyone understood the principle of eliminating the source of trouble. Not to mention that Luo Zheng would not let him off, those fatties from the World Business Alliance looked simple and honest, but they were all extremely shrewd. They would probably dig three feet into the ground to find him.
He no longer had a place to hide, so he might as well face it head-on.
He had to avenge his father's death.
"Luo Zheng, since you killed my father, I'll kill your sister in front of you." Cui Yun's face revealed a trace of ruthlessness. If he lost this war, he would lose everything. However, since you made me suffer, I won't let you have an easy time either!
"Whoosh whoosh whoosh whoosh …"
Several escape lights appeared at the entrance of the Spirit Void Hall at the same time. Luo Zheng was in the lead, and Ao Xiang was more anxious than anyone else. He also followed closely behind Luo Zheng and entered the Spirit Void Hall.
When Cui Yun saw Luo Zheng, she couldn't help but feel afraid. That kind of fear came from instinct, like a mouse meeting a cat.
During the fight for the Rising Dragon Platform, Luo Zheng shattered Cui Yun's martial arts heart, leaving Cui Yun with an indelible memory for the rest of her life.
However, Cui Yun had already thrown caution to the wind. She forcibly suppressed her fear and pretended to be calm as she sneered at Luo Zheng. "Luo Zheng, you're here!"
Luo Zheng looked at Cui Yun coldly. This person in front of him was not qualified to say this to him. He looked at Luo Yan and the other woman next to him, and then said coldly, "Let them go, and I'll leave your corpse intact!"
"Let them go?" Cui Yun's face revealed a crazed look. "In your dreams!"
Cui Yun suddenly stood up from the wide dragon throne. Streams of True Essence flickered in her hands, and the True Essence transformed into thin threads that surrounded Luo Yan and the other woman's necks.
The thin threads of True Essence were extremely sharp. As long as she pulled them gently, she could separate the two women's heads!
Luo Zheng was still able to keep calm, but Ao Xiang couldn't stand it anymore. "Stop!" Ao Xiang roared and suddenly rushed toward Cui Yun.
Cui Yun smiled evilly. She gently twisted her fingers, and the thin threads suddenly tightened a little. They immediately cut the skin on Ao Xiang's lover's neck, and a trace of blood immediately flowed down from the wound.
Seeing this scene, Ao Xiang immediately stopped in his tracks.
"Come on, I promise I can separate her head from her body before you come here!" Cui Yun smiled faintly, her eyes full of madness. Since she was going to die anyway, she wanted to make herself happy.
Ao Xiang gritted his teeth and clenched his fists so tightly that blue veins were exposed. He stared at Cui Yun and asked, "What do you want?"
Cui Yun smiled faintly and said, "I don't want anything. I just want you … to pay a little price."
Luo Zheng stared coldly at Cui Yun and suddenly said, "Let them go, and I'll spare your life!"
"Hahahaha," Cui Yun suddenly sneered again, "Just now you wanted to leave my corpse intact, but now you want to spare my life! You gave in so quickly. Luo Zheng, you disappoint me! "
Luo Zheng didn't speak. He didn't completely figure out Cui Yun's thoughts.
In fact, during this period of time, if Cui Yun had enough time to kill the two women, and only took Luo Yan hostage after Luo Zheng's arrival, what was his purpose?
"What on earth do you want?" Luo Zheng asked coldly.
"I'm a god-level genius. If you just spare my life, how will you compensate me for everything I've lost?" Cui Yun continued, the madness in her eyes growing stronger and stronger, "Let me tell you, Luo Zheng, I don't need anything! I only want their lives! "
"My father is dead, and the Tian Xie Sect has been defeated. I have nothing, and it's boring to live." Cui Yun pointed to the distance, "All of this is thanks to you! Thanks to you, Luo Zheng! "
Luo Zheng's eyes were cold, and he didn't speak.
The faces of Shi Kefan, Yan Yueshan, and the others also darkened. They knew very well that they had encountered the most difficult situation now.
They were not afraid of Cui Yun's request. As long as they could do it, they could promise to spare Cui Yun's life. After all, the Tian Xie Sect had lost its power. Leaving him alone couldn't make any waves, and it was impossible to reverse the situation.
However, Cui Yun was almost crazy now. He didn't even care about his own life. Everything was for revenge.
As the saying goes, one can be strong without desires. This kind of crazy guy was the most troublesome. The most troublesome thing was that Luo Zheng's sister was still in his hands. What should they do?
Luo Zheng's mind was also spinning rapidly. If Shi Kefan and the others could understand, Luo Zheng could also understand that the guy in front of him simply wanted revenge. He wanted to kill Luo Yan in front of him!
How could he save Luo Yan's life?
Kill Cui Yun as quickly as possible?
Luo Zheng didn't have the confidence to do so. Even if his speed was extremely fast, and if he used his astral essence to erupt, combined with the innate talent of the Cloud Chasing Lion, he could take Cui Yun's life in the blink of an eye. The problem was that the true essence thread in Cui Yun's hand was completely wrapped around Luo Yan's neck. With just a slight movement of his finger, he could decapitate Luo Yan!
No matter how fast he was, he couldn't be faster than this guy!
"You look very calm," Cui Yun stared at Luo Zheng and said with a faint smile, "But this calmness is forced. I can see that you are very scared!"
Hearing Cui Yun's words, Luo Zheng suddenly smiled faintly and continued, "You are right! I am indeed scared. I am afraid that you will kill my sister, but … "
"But what?" Cui Yun asked.
"But …" The moment Luo Zheng spoke, he was about to take a step forward. His Vital Spirit had already been activated.
However, Cui Yun was more vigilant than Luo Zheng imagined. Luo Zheng's figure only swayed for a moment. His fingers suddenly tightened slightly, and the Zhenqi filament directly strangled the two women's necks. In the Zhenqi filament, a trace of blood seeped out, and the two women's necks were blood-red.
"Luo Zheng!" Seeing this scene, Ao Xiang was also anxious and quickly stopped Luo Zheng's action.
Cui Yun had a faint smile on her face, "Do you think I am a fool? Luo Zheng! "
Luo Zheng gritted his teeth and stared at Cui Yun. It seemed that attacking the Void Spirit Sect this time was a mistake. If he had known earlier, he would have found a way to sneak into the Void Spirit Sect secretly. However, Luo Zheng was not an immortal. He couldn't calculate this at all. Along the way, he was worried about the safety of his sister, so he could only break into the Void Spirit Sect first.
In contrast, Cui Yun was waiting for Luo Zheng to come and planned to kill Luo Zheng in front of Luo Yan.
This was the effect Cui Yun wanted.
＝＝＝＝＝

Chapter 739
Blood continued to flow from the necks of the two women, slowly drenching their clothes. The stalemate in front of him was simply impossible to break. Luo Zheng's heart gradually sank, countless thoughts of what to do appearing in his mind!
As the blood continued to flow from Luo Yan's neck, hundreds of millions of miles away from the Central Domain …
Under the seemingly endless deep sky, there was a desolate mountain. Strange birds were circling around the mountain.
When each strange bird spread its wings, they were as wide as a great world.
In fact, there were countless creatures living on these strange birds, peacefully living their lives. There were even cultivators cultivating on the wings of these strange birds, hoping to one day ascend.
Just a single strange bird was already so large. Compared to the mountain behind these strange birds, they were nothing. Compared to the mountain behind these strange birds, these strange birds were just small black dots.
The height of this mountain was difficult to measure. It exceeded the limits of people's imagination. Standing at any angle on the mountain, it was impossible to see the full picture of the mountain.
On the summit of this mountain, there were several people quietly sitting there, overlooking the chaotic space in the distance …
These people had been sitting here for who knows how many tens of thousands of years.
For them, time sometimes stood still, sometimes it flew forward rapidly. For them, a thousand years was just the blink of an eye …
A young man wearing a feathered crown suddenly said, "There seems to be a problem. I'm afraid the needle is about to fall."
"I feel it. If we don't intervene, this move will be a dead end," Another white-haired old man nodded slightly.
"Second Brother, can you intervene?" The young man suddenly said.
"I'm not going! That guy doesn't have any ability at all. He can't even protect the people he's supposed to protect. I think you're all blind. He's not the only one participating in the Battle of the Great Worlds! Can't we just pick another one? " A fat guy stood at the edge of the mountain, shaking his fat head as he rejected the young man's proposal.
The young man muttered, "You don't know, but he's very special. Not to mention, the Heavenly Dao fragment has already fallen into his hands …"
"If you want to go, then go by yourself. I'm too lazy!" The fat man still refused.
"Alright, I'll go by myself!" After the young man finished speaking, he immediately disappeared from the mountain peak.
In the Spirit Void Palace, time passed one breath after another. For Luo Zheng and Ao Xiang, each breath was extremely painful. How could they not feel heartache when they saw the blood flowing out of the two girls' necks?
But the stalemate in front of him was unsolvable!
However, for Cui Yun, he felt extremely happy!
He stared at Luo Zheng with interest. He could clearly feel the pain in Luo Zheng's heart. The more Luo Zheng was in pain, the happier he was. This was the effect he wanted!
"Don't worry. These two women will definitely die. It's just a matter of time." Cui Yun sneered. Cui Yun didn't need anything except Luo Zheng's pain. That was enough!
Shi Kefan and the others were also at their wits' end. Who knew that they would encounter such a lunatic on their trip to the Spirit Void Sect? They couldn't do anything at all …
Just as the two sides were in a stalemate, a faint light suddenly bloomed in the sky above the Spirit Void Sect. It enveloped the Spirit Void Sect. The power contained in the light had already exceeded the scope of this Vast Thousand Domains.
Just a trace of the power contained in it was enough to destroy the entire Central Domain …
When this gentle light enveloped them, everyone was surprised to find that they couldn't move …
This feeling of being unable to move was extremely strange. At this moment, they couldn't blink, couldn't breathe, and even their blood … froze.
Whether it was Cui Yun, Luo Zheng, or the other people in the Spirit Void Palace, they were all like statues. They stood still on the spot and didn't move at all.
Then, a person suddenly appeared in the void.
That person looked like a young man in his early twenties. He wore an exquisite feathered crown on his head, but he gave off the feeling that he had experienced the vicissitudes of life for thousands of years.
Seeing that person, Cui Yun's face revealed a trace of fear. However, she couldn't move at all, so it was even more impossible for her to kill Luo Yan.
After that young man appeared, he walked toward Cui Yun. Then, he stretched out a finger toward Cui Yun and gently tapped Cui Yun's forehead. It was just a casual tap, and it didn't seem like he used any strength.
What happened next stunned everyone. In the blink of an eye, Cui Yun turned into ashes and completely dissipated before everyone's eyes. As for the threads of vital essence that were originally strangling Luo Yan and Cui Yun's necks, they naturally disappeared along with Cui Yun.
Luo Zheng's eyes flickered, and he was greatly shocked. Who was this person! How could he be so powerful?
After Cui Yun disappeared, that young man suddenly revealed a warm smile to Luo Zheng. Then, Luo Zheng, Ao Xiang, Shi Kefan, and the others found that their hands and feet had suddenly recovered!
"Who, who are you …" Shi Kefan asked with a face full of horror.
The three fat alliance masters also felt the strength of this person!
This young man with a feathered crown was neither in the Life and Death Realm nor the Spirit Sea Realm. He should be a more powerful existence that they couldn't understand.
That person didn't intend to answer Shi Kefan's question at all. He didn't even look at Shi Kefan, but at Luo Zheng. His face was still full of smiles, "I'm going to take Luo Yan away."
"Impossible!" Luo Zheng said coldly.
"I'm already breaking the rules by taking her away." That person shook his head, "There's no other way. If I didn't show up, Luo Yan would have already died. Next time, there won't be such a chance."
Even if this person was so powerful that he couldn't understand, Luo Zheng wouldn't let him take Luo Yan away. He had worked so hard to defeat Cui Xie, and finally had the chance to reunite with Luo Yan. He hadn't even said a word to her. How could he let this person take Luo Yan away?
Seeing Luo Zheng's persistent eyes, that young man was still full of smiles, "I understand how you feel, but Luo Yan won't be in danger if she follows me …"
"It's not a matter of danger. Luo Yan is my sister. I won't allow anyone to take her away," Luo Zheng answered coldly.
The young man smiled, "Can you stop me?"
"How would I know if I don't try?" Luo Zheng insisted on walking towards Luo Yan. Although her neck was injured, with her senses sealed, she couldn't feel any pain.
At this moment, a red light bloomed. Xun's figure appeared beside Luo Zheng. She looked at the young man in shock, then said to Luo Zheng, "Luo Zheng, don't go over!"
As the king of the Yao Night clan, when had Xun revealed such an expression?
Although she was a half-step Sector Lord, she had interacted with countless experts. Let alone someone above the Divine Sea realm, even an Empyrean wouldn't make her reveal such an expression!
"You're the little girl who controls slaughter in the Yao Night clan." The young man smiled and nodded towards Xun.
Xun was the King of Slaughter. Who knew how long she had lived in the Yao Night clan. However, to the young man, she was still a little girl. The amount of time this young man had lived wasn't something Luo Zheng could imagine.
Xun glanced at the young man and begged, "Luo Yan is Luo Zheng's guide. The two of them complement each other. It's not good for you to take her away like this."
"Rather than letting her suffer, why don't we take the final step and take her away. If Luo Zheng has the strength, she will still guide Luo Zheng up the mountain." The young man replied.
Xun didn't say anything. She knew she didn't have the ability to change the young man's mind. Although she had a high status in the Yao Night clan, this young man was still an existence she couldn't even look up to!
Luo Zheng didn't believe it. He couldn't be bothered with the conversation between the young man and Xun Shen. He continued walking towards Luo Yan. Seeing Luo Yan's six senses sealed, he felt a pang of heartache. He wanted to remove the seal on Luo Yan.
"Don't go any further." The young man stopped in front of Luo Zheng and extended a finger. "I don't want to leave a shadow on your martial heart. If you continue, I will let you feel my strength!"
"Your strength?" Luo Zheng raised his eyebrows and stared at the young man.
"Yes, one millionth of my strength." The young man smiled. He extended a finger and circles of light spread out from the tip of his finger.
Seeing the circles of light, Luo Zheng's expression became serious. This … was this really one millionth of his strength?

Chapter 740
Luo Zheng didn't know what this power was formed from, and he couldn't even feel the fluctuations of true essence within it.
No matter what kind of power this young man was using, Luo Zheng could only go all out!
As the rings of light spread towards Luo Zheng, Luo Zheng didn't hesitate. All of the power of the stars opened at the same time, including all of the power of the dragon scales!
When this power erupted, it was enough to destroy a mountain range or even cut off a river's flow.
But when Luo Zheng touched the rings of light, he finally understood the disparity between him and this young man …
These rings of light looked very calm, and one couldn't even feel the power contained within them. But the moment Luo Zheng touched them, he felt an unshakable power escape from them!
Even if Luo Zheng's strength increased by ten times, he still wouldn't be able to shake these rings of light!
Bang!
The first ring of light suddenly exploded, followed by a second, a third, a fourth …
Logically speaking, if the power within these rings of light exploded, it would be enough to destroy the entire Void Spirit Sect. But the direction in which the power spread out was very strange. The power didn't spread out in all directions, but instead completely poured onto Luo Zheng's body.
Peng!
There was another muffled sound …
Luo Zheng's entire person was directly sent flying, shooting wildly towards the rear! He flew past Void Spirit Hall, past the Void Spirit Sect, past the plains, past Void Sky City …
Pushed by this power, Luo Zheng's flying speed in the air was over twenty times faster than when he erupted with astral essence and true essence. In just a few breaths of time, Luo Zheng had already crossed several hundred miles!
Finally, Luo Zheng crashed into a lush forest. After smashing through several hundred trees, he finally came to a stop.
The forest was a complete mess. If one were to look down from above, they would see a path extending from the edge of the forest. On this path, there seemed to be fallen tree trunks scattered all over the ground.
This path was forcefully plowed out by Luo Zheng's body!
A tiger-headed weasel quietly skimmed through the forest. Its agile figure didn't make any sound. This skinny and ferocious third-level vicious beast only looked at Luo Zheng for a breath's time before quietly hiding in the depths of the forest. The aura emitted by Luo Zheng wasn't something it could provoke.
Lying in the forest, Luo Zheng still couldn't suppress the shock in his heart. Was this just one ten-millionth of his power? If he used all of his power, wouldn't he be able to destroy this world with a wave of his hand?
Even the power of the halos had only sent Luo Zheng's body flying. If the power had not hit his body evenly, even with his Immortal Artifact body, he would not have been able to withstand it. He would have probably exploded and died.
Why would such a person appear here? .... Why did he have to take Luo Yan?
Luo Zheng couldn't figure it out …
The Spirit Void Hall was silent. Shi Kefan, Yan Yueshan, and the others were stunned. This guy who came out of nowhere was simply a super monster!
Warriors could only be intimidated by the strong. The young man in front of them was far beyond their imagination. Just like those mortals who were raised in captivity when Luo Zheng first came to the Sea God Continent, Luo Zheng was like a true god in the hearts of Tuturu and the others.
The young man in front of them was the same. In the eyes of Shi Kefan and the others, he was like a true god!
Therefore, when they looked at the young man, all the warriors in the Spirit Void Hall had awe in their eyes. They didn't even dare to breathe loudly, let alone speak.
On the contrary, the young man was very easy-going. He smiled at the crowd, but shook his head and said, "I accidentally used too much power. Just now, it was about three-ten-millionth of my power. It's quite difficult to control the power within such a range …"
Hearing the young man's words, everyone's hearts couldn't help but twitch. What kind of monster was this?
Seeing that no one spoke, the young man turned to Shi Kefan and said, "You all seem very nervous?"
Shi Kefan squeezed out a smile and shook his head, "No, no!"
"That's good. I knew it. I'm such an amiable person. How could I make people nervous?" the young man said to himself again.
Shi Kefan didn't know whether to laugh or cry. In his heart, he thought, 'Amiable my ass. This is like a huge Vicious Beast being tiny to a human child. How could a human child feel amiable?'
"This won't do. I've pushed that boy too far away. Come back … for me!" The young man stretched out his hand towards the entrance of the Spirit Void Hall and gently grasped at the air. An invisible suction force spread out in front of him!
Luo Zheng, who was hundreds of miles away, had just gotten up when he felt himself being enveloped by an invisible force. Then, he floated in the air and rushed towards the Spirit Void Sect. After a few breaths of time, he stood firmly in the Spirit Void Hall.
In the blink of an eye, he was hundreds of miles away. In the blink of an eye, he was back in the Spirit Void Sect. Luo Zheng had an extremely unreal feeling …
The young man smiled faintly at Luo Zheng and asked, "How do you feel?"
Luo Zheng raised his eyebrows and said, "Very good!"
"In that case, I'll take Luo Yan away." After saying that, the young man walked towards Luo Yan.
"Wait!" Luo Zheng said anxiously.
The young man looked back at Luo Zheng and asked, "What's the matter? You can't stop me … "
"I've been separated from Luo Yan for a long time. Can you help me break the seal on Luo Yan? I want to talk to her!" Under the huge gap in strength, Luo Zheng finally chose to give in. Even if Luo Zheng's strength increased by a hundred times, or even a thousand times, it was still impossible for him to compete with this young man. Luo Zheng knew his own limits.
More importantly, Luo Zheng didn't feel any malice from this young man. If he wanted to kill him, Luo Zheng would have died thousands of times in this short period of time. However, he only showed his powerful strength and even saved Luo Yan's life.
As for the reason, he would ask Xun about it later.
After thinking for a while, the young man said, "I'll give you 30 minutes." After saying that, he reached out and gently tapped between Luo Yan's eyebrows. Luo Yan's mouth, nose, eyes, ears, and other parts all emitted a faint light. The seal on Luo Yan was broken by this young man in an instant.
Seeing him break the seal on the six senses so easily, the three leaders couldn't help but raise their eyebrows.
[This technique is too unimaginable …]
The Great Seal of Six Senses was a secret cultivation skill. Cui Xie had mastered this secret skill, and so did the World Business Alliance. However, this secret skill would have an unexpected effect on the cultivator's heart of martial dao, and it was very troublesome to use. Therefore, the World Business Alliance rarely used it.
Using this method to bring a few Divine Core warriors to the World Business Alliance was meaningless. However, because of the Heavenly Fiend Joyous Union Formation, this secret skill was very suitable for Cui Xie.
The process of sealing the six senses was extremely troublesome, and breaking the seal on the six senses was extremely complicated as well. If they were the ones who brought Luo Yan back, they would have to spend a lot of effort, and it would take at least a few months before they could break the seal.
This young man had just casually waved his hand, and easily broke the seal. This was incredible.
Luo Yan's eyelids twitched, then she suddenly opened her eyes. A puzzled expression could be seen within her pupils.
She had been sealed for more than two years. Although she had been constantly cultivating during these two years, her entire body and mind had been sealed. If it had been a cultivator who was over a hundred years old, it probably wouldn't have affected her too much. After all, in the long years of a cultivator's life, it was very common for them to cultivate in seclusion for ten years or even a hundred years.
But, Luo Yan was still young, and in her short life, she had spent nearly one-ninth of her life in a seal. This would definitely have some negative effects on her body and mind.
She was startled with a puzzled expression. Looking at the unfamiliar environment in front of her, as well as the unfamiliar faces around her, her mind was filled with questions.
All of a sudden, a familiar figure entered her sight. Immediately after, her small oval face was filled with pleasant surprise. Finally, she opened her mouth and called out softly, "Brother …"
(Thank you for the 13000 coins tip! I'll work hard after the 10th!)

Chapter 741
This brother and sister pair's short life could also be considered full of misfortune.
Ever since the two of them grew up, they were separated more than they met together. Moreover, each time they met, they would break through layers of resistance.
Only, when a martial artist matured, apart from being blessed by the heavens with luck and advantages, what they couldn't escape from the most was their own fate.
It was just like what those people said, Luo Yan was their guide, as well as the pointer in their words. Every step they took in life always had an ultimate goal in mind.
When he was in Luo Family, Luo Zheng's goal was to head to Blue Cloud Sect to find his younger sister. After finding his younger sister, his goal was to rescue his younger sister. In the end, Luo Zheng relied on his stunning achievements to bring his younger sister away from Purgatory Mountain.
Who would have thought that after this short reunion, they would be separated for several years, only now did they meet again.
Because her six senses were sealed, Luo Yan couldn't sense the passage of time. Her memories were still from two years ago.
Just how much despair did Luo Yan feel at that time? She only had one thought in her mind. Could her older brother really save her from Cui Xie's hands?
Even though she carried hope, she understood Cui Xie's strength and status. Her older brother was undoubtedly stunning, but that was the Eastern Domain after all. Her older brother could compete against many geniuses in the Eastern Domain, but when placed in the Central Domain, he wasn't much. How could her older brother's strength contend against Cui Xie?
She never expected that the instant she opened her eyes, she would see her older brother appear in front of her. Within her pitch-black pupils, spirals were currently slowly spinning, releasing a strange type of joyous radiance. She stared blankly at Luo Zheng.
Luo Zheng had a smile on his face. He slowly walked towards Luo Yan, reaching out his arms, wrapping the thin and slender Luo Yan in his embrace.
Luo Yan buried her head into Luo Zheng's chest. She still couldn't believe that she had returned to her brother's side like this. She even had some guesses in her heart. Perhaps her brother had reached some kind of agreement with Cui Xie to allow Luo Zheng to see her. However, she was even more puzzled. Why was Luo Zheng able to appear here?
"Brother, where's Cui Xie …" Luo Yan didn't dare to ask this question. She was afraid of the answer. Maybe Luo Zheng just met her and her fate didn't change?
However, Luo Yan was also a strong warrior. She was very clear that there were some problems that she had to face.
Luo Zheng whispered in Luo Yan's ear, "I killed him."
Luo Yan suddenly raised her head. Her face was full of disbelief. She asked Luo Zheng in a trembling voice, "Brother …"
"It's true. I killed him with my own hands." Luo Zheng stroked Luo Yan's hair. He didn't know if it was because of the Six Senses Seal Technique, but her figure had grown a lot taller in the past two years. However, her figure was even thinner and her hair was a bit withered and yellow. How could Luo Zheng not feel heartache when he saw his sister like this?
Luo Yan pursed her lips. Her eyes revealed a trace of disbelief.
As Luo Zheng's sister, she had unconditional trust in her brother's words. However, Luo Zheng's words were too shocking and hard to believe.
If they hadn't seen it with their own eyes, most people wouldn't have believed it.
Three years ago, Luo Zheng was only a Xiantian warrior. Two years ago, he stepped into the Divine Reflection Stage. However, in just two short years, Luo Zheng had personally killed the number one person in the Central Domain. This wasn't inconceivable. This was already hard to understand.
In comparison, those warriors who had lived for hundreds of years, or even hundreds of years, had all their time been wasted? As for that ancient tycoon of the World Business Alliance, had he also lived for more than a thousand years?
This was the reason why Luo Yan didn't dare to believe it.
This was the Central Domain, not the Eastern Domain!
Seeing Luo Yan's expression, Luo Zheng smiled. However, his eyes were very serious. "Brother won't lie to you. Cui Xie is really dead. I killed him with my own hands."
"I believe you!" Since Luo Zheng said so, how could Luo Yan show any doubt? However, she still asked worriedly, "Then … brother, can you take me away from here?"
Since Cui Xie was dead, she could naturally return to her brother's side safe and sound. Although Luo Yan's six senses were sealed, her mind was still operating. When she was immersed in her own consciousness, she had been looking forward to this day the most.
However, Luo Zheng shook his head and said, "I can't."
Luo Yan's expression changed. Her voice rose a notch. "Why?!"
At this time, Luo Zheng suddenly turned around and asked, "Can you give me a bit more time?"
The young man was very patient. He just smiled and said, "To me, time is just dust …"
The ancients said that an inch of time was worth an inch of gold. However, to people like them who had lived for countless years, millions or even tens of millions of years, time was really just dust.
"Thank you." Luo Zheng glanced at the young man indifferently. Then, he took Luo Yan's hand and walked out of Xu Ling Hall.
Although the Xu Ling Sect had been attacked by the Tian Xie Sect, since the Tian Xie Sect had chosen it as their temporary headquarters, the surrounding environment was still intact. It was not like Xu Ling City, which had been plundered by independent martial artists. Those that could not be taken away were burned to the ground.
Walking out of Xu Ling Hall, they were surrounded by lush greenery. The scenery was picturesque.
The brother and sister walked side by side on a tree-lined path. Luo Zheng's face was indifferent, but Luo Yan was full of depression. There was only one question in her mind that kept echoing. Why couldn't her brother take her away?
"Why can't you take me away?!" After walking for a short distance, Luo Yan stopped. Her eyes were full of reproach, but her tone was a bit more coquettish.
Luo Zheng thought about this question, then answered, "The young man in the hall wants to take you away."
"I don't want to." Luo Yan shook her head. After waiting for so long, her brother had even killed Cui Xie, but he still couldn't take her away. How could Luo Yan be in a good mood?
Facing Luo Yan, Luo Zheng was very patient. This was his only sister.
He smiled bitterly and said, "But I can't beat him. He's very powerful …"
"So what if he's powerful? Is he more powerful than Cui Xie? "Luo Yan asked.
Luo Zheng sighed. "Yes, he's much more powerful than Cui Xie. Much, much more …"
"Then we can run away now!" Luo Yan curled her lips. That young man didn't tie their hands and feet. She couldn't understand how big the gap was between Luo Zheng and that young man!
Run away …
Luo Zheng still shook his head.
In the face of a powerhouse of this level, he had no chance of escaping at all.
Besides, where could he escape to with Luo Yan?
He didn't know where that young man came from, but he definitely couldn't be a powerhouse hidden in the Central Domain. It was very likely that he was from the Upper Realm.
According to Luo Zheng's knowledge, if a powerhouse from the Upper Realm wanted to descend to the Lower Realm, they would be subjected to many restrictions. Only powerhouses from the Upper Realm could enter and leave at will. Otherwise, they would be rejected by the entire Upper Realm!
Therefore, martial artists from the Upper Realm were called the enemies of all living beings!
After forcefully descending, they would almost become the enemy of all living beings, and they would also face many restrictions …
However, that young man wasn't rejected by the Upper Realm at all. It was very likely that the entire Upper Realm didn't dare to treat him as an enemy. It was even possible that the entire Upper Realm was afraid of him!
Even if he escaped to the Sea God Continent, that young man would be able to track him down in the blink of an eye.
Therefore, when Luo Zheng proposed to go out with Luo Yan, that young man didn't care at all. He wasn't afraid that Luo Zheng would run away with Luo Yan.
"Luo Yan, do you want to hear about what I've been through in the past two years?" Luo Zheng suddenly asked.
"Yes!" Although Luo Yan was very unhappy, she was indeed very concerned about what Luo Zheng had been through in the past two years. How could he kill Cui Xie in such a short time!
"Actually … I've already seen you once two years ago. It was at the Martial Arts Conference in Tianqi City. Unfortunately, your six senses were already sealed at that time," Luo Zheng said.
"Ah …" Luo Yan was shocked. She didn't expect that her brother had actually seen her during this period.
Therefore, on this forest path, Luo Zheng talked tirelessly about how he passed the Trial Taker's Path, entered the Cloud Hall, participated in the Martial Arts Conference, fought for the Rising Dragon Platform, killed Si Miaoling, lit the spirit lamp in the immortal tomb, and went to the Sea God Continent …
He didn't hide or hide anything from Luo Yan.
＝＝＝＝＝

Chapter 742
Luo Zheng didn't hide anything from his loved ones, including Luo Zheng's fate of the "Battle of the Ages", as well as the fact that Luo Yan might be his guide. Luo Zheng was a little confused about these things. He only heard and guessed, but he wanted to let Luo Yan understand that their fates were like this …
If he wanted to completely control his own fate, he must have enough strength. Unfortunately, he wasn't strong enough, far from it!
He couldn't change his own fate, nor could he change Luo Yan's fate. Therefore, he could only watch as Luo Yan was taken away, without the slightest ability to resist.
Luo Zheng slowly narrated, while Luo Yan listened quietly. When Luo Zheng talked about all kinds of thrilling places, her eyes widened from time to time, and she used her small hands to cover her mouth. Her face was full of worry.
Luo Yan couldn't imagine that her brother had gone through so much during this period of time, and all of this was for her.
After Luo Zheng finished, Luo Yan let out a long sigh of relief. She faintly understood the fate between her and Luo Zheng.
The two of them were destined to go on a life of struggle, but compared to Luo Zheng, Luo Yan was still a little happier.
At least … she only needed to stand in one place, and quietly wait for her brother.
Luo Zheng, on the other hand, was fighting with blood and life. On this journey of fate, one wrong step would lead to eternal damnation.
"I'm sorry, I understand." Luo Yan's eyes were a little red, but she knew that she shouldn't blame her brother.
Luo Zheng smiled faintly: "I should be the one saying sorry. Brother is useless. If I had enough strength, not to mention that young man, even if it was the Heavens, I wouldn't listen!"
Hearing Luo Zheng's words, Luo Yan suddenly smiled sweetly: "I believe! Brother will have this day in the end! "
At this time, Luo Yan's eyes were full of trust.
Because the time they were reunited was short, the brother and sister seemed to cherish it very much. After slowly turning back from the forest path, they reluctantly entered Xu Ling Hall.
After entering, Luo Zheng's eyes fell on the young man's face, and then he said coldly: "I can let you take Luo Yan away."
The young man smiled faintly: "You don't have the ability to refuse."
Luo Zheng's eyes suddenly shot out a sharp light, and he stared fixedly at the other, "You're right, I don't have it now, but I will have it eventually. If anything happens to Yan, I won't let you go."
Luo Zheng didn't feel much hostility from the young man in front of him, and the force field that the young man used to take Luo Yan away was completely different, so Luo Zheng's words were relatively reserved.
Unexpectedly, the young man smiled faintly: "I'm looking forward to the day when you can fight with me."
Luo Zheng raised his eyebrows. The gap between him and the young man was too big. He didn't know when that day would come, so it was meaningless to say more.
At this time, Luo Zheng suddenly thought of something. Others might not be able to solve this problem, but with the ability of the young man in front of him, he should have a way!
Ning Yudie's life force was exhausted, so it shouldn't be too difficult to restore her life force, right? It should be just a matter of raising a hand.
Luo Zheng had never been willing to open his mouth to ask others for help, but this matter was related to Ning Yudie, so he had to swallow his pride no matter what!
Thinking of this, Luo Zheng suddenly said to the young man: "I have one more thing to ask."
"Speak," the young man said with a faint smile. His patience was indeed excellent.
Then, Luo Zheng told him about Ning Yudie.
"The wind of life and death, the law of karma, hehe," the young man said with a smile that deserved a beating, "I can indeed resolve this level of karma easily, but … I won't help you."
"Why?" Luo Zheng frowned and continued to ask.
"Because this is also your fate!" The young man said faintly: "I can't interfere too much. This is already against the rules. You have to work hard. As for Luo Yan, I'm taking her away!"
This is also my fate …
Luo Zheng lowered his head and pondered for a while. At this time, he felt a pair of cold little hands suddenly cover his neck. Luo Yan had kissed him on the face.
After understanding the fate of her brother and her brother, Luo Yan suddenly seemed to become sensible. Or rather, she had already understood her fate.
She knew that her brother had already spent too much energy and didn't want to bring any psychological burden to Luo Zheng, so she showed her positive side to Luo Zheng. She smiled and said: "Brother, you can do it!"
Looking at Luo Yan's confident smile, how could Luo Zheng not see through her thoughts? Although he was also depressed, he also smiled and nodded. Since Luo Yan wanted him to be happy, he had to be happy!
Just as the young man was about to leave with Luo Yan, Ao Xiang suddenly said: "Senior, can you help Xiao Yu unseal her six senses?"
Ao Xiang's lover's six senses were still sealed. This method of sealing six senses was very troublesome to unseal, and even had some risks. If the young man could unseal Xiao Yu, it would save them a lot of trouble. What's more, Xiao Yu could wake up a day earlier.
The young man didn't refuse Ao Xiang's request. He didn't want to interfere with Luo Zheng's fate. He didn't care about the others, so he waved his hand and unsealed Xiao Yu.
Seeing this scene, Ao Xiang was overjoyed and almost knelt down to the young man.
The young man didn't say anything. He grabbed Luo Yan's hand and smiled at Luo Zheng, then said: "Work hard, little guy. Don't let me down."
A moment later, Luo Yan and the young man disappeared from the hall of the Void Spirit Hall. The two disappeared in such a strange way. There was no spatial tunnel, no tearing of space, and not even a trace of the fluctuation of the Law of Space. It was even more unclear how the young man did it.
After the young man left, Luo Zheng still stood in the hall for a long time. Not far away, Ao Xiang was talking to his lover with a face full of joy.
As a god-grade genius, Ao Xiang's fate was also full of misfortune. Back then, he almost died at the hands of Si Miaoling at the Martial Arts Conference. Now, his wish was fulfilled and he was able to save his lover.
He had god-grade talent. In the future, he would be put in an important position by the World Business Alliance. Now that the hidden danger of the Tian Xie Sect had been removed, with his talent, it was very likely that he would become an important member of the World Business Alliance.
On this trip to the Void Spirit Sect, he saved his sister, but he still had to face separation. On the way back, Luo Zheng's mood was abnormally low.
The matter of the Tian Xie Sect had come to an end.
The sect war that had ravaged more than half of the Central Domain had also come to an end.
However, the crisis was actually not over. The threat from the Yu the Great Divine Kingdom was like a sharp sword hanging over everyone's head. Now, this sharp sword could fall at any time.
Before going to the Void Spirit Sect, Shi Kefan knew that Luo Zheng missed his sister, but it was not convenient to discuss this matter.
After returning to the World Business Alliance, Shi Kefan discussed this matter with Luo Zheng.
At that time, according to Luo Zheng's tone, he seemed to have a way to deal with it. However, Shi Kefan could not figure out how Luo Zheng would deal with the Divine Sea Realm experts of the Yu the Great Divine Kingdom.
After learning about Shi Kefan's secret concerns, Luo Zheng smiled faintly and said, "Leader Shi, I naturally have a way to deal with this matter. The World Business Alliance's contacts are all over the Central Domain. Please help me look out for a miraculous person who can cure Ning Yudie."
Looking at Luo Zheng's confident expression, the three leaders were even more confused. Previously, he had spent so much effort fighting against Cui Xie. Now, he was going to face Divine Sea Realm experts, but he was still so confident. What was Luo Zheng up to?
Could it be that Luo Zheng still had the strength to fight against Divine Sea Realm experts?
That was impossible!
If that was the case, Luo Zheng would not have let Cui Xie use the Wind of Life and Death, which caused Ning Yudie to be in this state!
However, apart from this, what else could explain Luo Zheng's confidence?
The three leaders were puzzled. However, thinking that Luo Zheng had never let them down, maybe he really had a way?

Chapter 743
Even so, Luo Zheng felt that there was little hope.
The World Business Alliance had originally gathered many famous doctors from the Central Domain. The famous doctor named Xue Xi had already clearly analyzed Ning Yudie's problem. Ning Yudie wasn't injured. She didn't have any illness, but her life force was exhausted. She was like a withered flower. How could they bring it back to life?
Even if there was little hope, Luo Zheng didn't give up.
Ning Yudie was also struggling to hold on. Luo Zheng didn't have any reason to give up.
Many warriors from the Cloud Hall had already returned to the Cloud Hall through the transmission array. Ning Yudie couldn't preside over the affairs of the Cloud Hall. Many elders agreed to recommend Luo Zheng to take charge of the Cloud Hall.
This suggestion was actually very suitable. After Luo Zheng killed Cui Xie, he was now considered a person in the Central Domain. His strength was above all the warriors in the Central Domain. For the Cloud Hall to have such a person in charge, it was a great blessing for the Cloud Hall!
However, Luo Zheng refused.
He didn't want to take charge of the Cloud Hall. Now that the Tian Xie Sect had been destroyed, there were no forces in the Central Domain that could threaten the Cloud Hall and the World Business Alliance. Not to mention, he had other important matters to attend to.
However, it was impossible for the Cloud Hall to be without a leader. In the end, they needed a backbone.
In the end, Luo Zheng recommended Daoist Master Dameng.
On the day of the battle with Cui Xie, Daoist Master Dameng took a punch from Cui Xie. After recuperating for a few days, his injury was almost healed. Daoist Master Dameng had always been Ning Yudie's confidant. Therefore, he could rest assured that he would take charge of Luo Zheng.
After everyone from the Cloud Hall left, Luo Zheng stayed by Ning Yudie's side.
Ning Yudie was like a sleeping beauty. She was in a deep sleep and showed no signs of waking up.
Most of the time, Luo Zheng stayed by Ning Yudie's side to cultivate. The rest of the time, he just stared at Ning Yudie's face in a daze.
During this time, the World Business Alliance had already spread the news to the entire Central Domain!
The World Business Alliance's influence was very widespread. Even in remote areas, there were business alliance accounts. The entire Central Domain's true essence stone trade and circulation was completely controlled by them.
This news spread out, and within a few days, all the cities and teahouses in the Central Domain were discussing this matter …
"I heard that the reward is a low-grade saint artifact and a thousand top-grade True Origin Stones!"
"This reward is too terrifying. With these two items added together, I'm afraid it's even richer than an ordinary third-ranked faction!"
"The strength of a third-grade sect? Hehe, are you dreaming? Even a fourth-grade sect doesn't have a saint artifact. Spending so much just to save a woman? Is this woman worth so much? "
"What a joke, the Cloud Hall's Hall Master! A Life and Death Realm cultivator, this price shouldn't be too high, right? "
"My family has an ancestral pill recipe. It's said that it can bring the dead back to life and even extend one's lifespan by several decades. I want to try it …"
"Bah, don't take out your family's rubbish to show off, it's shameful! The World Business Alliance gathers alchemists from all over the world. Do you think your lousy alchemist will take a fancy to it? "
With the generous reward, all kinds of people flocked to the World Business Alliance. For a time, all kinds of "eccentrics" appeared and ran over to show off their treasures.
However, how many capable people were there in the World Business Alliance?
The vast majority of the so-called "eccentrics" were nothing more than charlatans. Even if they really had some miraculous pills and secret techniques, in the eyes of the World Business Alliance, they were nothing more than child's play. They were completely useless.
Of course, among these eccentrics, there was no lack of people with real ability. However, in the face of Ning Yudie's problem, they were still helpless and resentfully returned.
Half a month later, a beggar dressed in rags entered Heavenly Awakening City.
When the beggar entered the World Business Alliance's headquarters, he explained his purpose in coming to the entrance. He had a way to cure Ning Yudie.
During this time, all kinds of eccentrics came to give advice and offer treasures. They were like carps crossing the river, but not a single one was useful. When the people of the World Business Alliance saw this beggar, how could they show any kindness? Naturally, they waved their hands and drove him away.
However, this beggar didn't leave Heavenly Awakening City. Instead, he patiently inquired about Ning Yudie's residence.
This was really inquired by the beggar. The matter of Luo Zheng temporarily bringing Ning Yudie to Ning Yudie wasn't a secret. The World Business Alliance had specially allocated a palace to Luo Zheng.
After the beggar inquired about the location, he went to look for it. He found that there were guards at the entrance of the palace.
Helpless, he climbed over the wall and entered.
This beggar also had a cultivation base in the Xiantian realm. No matter how poor a cultivator was, it was impossible for them to be poor to this extent. Perhaps roaming around as a beggar was also a method of cultivation.
Not long after the beggar climbed into the palace, he was quickly discovered by other cultivators.
The palace was covered in runes, especially a kind of one-star rune. This rune didn't have any offensive properties, but when it was touched, it would erupt with a sharp cry. After the beggar trespassed, he naturally triggered these runes.
When the runes cried out, they immediately attracted a large number of guards!
Soon, the guards surrounded the beggar.
Luo Zheng was currently accompanying Ning Yudie in the palace. Ever since the World Business Alliance spread the news, there were probably tens of thousands of Eccentrics entering Heaven Awaken City. Although the World Business Alliance helped Luo Zheng screen and block 99% of the Eccentrics, there were still many people who entered the palace.
Every Eccentrics that entered the palace gave Luo Zheng a glimmer of hope, but in the end, it was an even greater disappointment.
However, Luo Zheng couldn't refuse. What if a blind cat bumped into a dead mouse? Luo Zheng didn't dare to take Ning Yudie's life as a joke. Even if the chances were small, he would still try.
"It's a pity that I disturbed your sweet dream," Luo Zheng looked at Ning Yudie with an apologetic smile. If he could really disturb Ning Yudie's sweet dream and wake her up, Luo Zheng was willing to give it a try. However, this was just Luo Zheng's own wishful thinking.
At this time, Luo Zheng suddenly heard a clamor coming from the palace.
"En? What happened? "Luo Zheng frowned slightly. He didn't know who dared to intrude here.
After thinking for a while, Luo Zheng's figure flashed and disappeared from the palace. Just as he left the palace, he heard a guard shout, "Intruding into the Heavenly Palace, you're courting death! Arrest this person and send him to prison to await trial! "
He saw a group of guards surrounding a beggar.
The beggar was only at the Xiantian realm. Suddenly being surrounded by so many guards, he stammered, "I, I came here to present a treasure to the Cloud Hall's Hall Master!"
"Present a treasure! You? What a joke! "A guard coldly said," Take him away! "
Seeing that there was no other way, the beggar took out a tattered sackcloth bag and took out an ancient jade. He immediately said, "This ancient jade was left behind by my family's Immortal. It can rejuvenate a person's vitality and restore a certain amount of life force. I heard that the Cloud Hall's Hall Master's life force has dried up. This ancient jade will definitely be useful!"
"Scram, scram, scram!" How could the guard listen to the beggar? Recently, there were too many people like this. Some "eccentrics" couldn't enter the World Business Alliance, so they came here to try their luck. Even these guards were tired of listening to this kind of talk.
However, most of the eccentrics lingered at the entrance of the Heavenly Palace. No one dared to sneak into the palace!
At first, Luo Zheng didn't care about this matter. He didn't intend to intervene. However, after seeing the ancient jade in the beggar's hand, Luo Zheng's heart suddenly jumped.
The beggar was right. Luo Zheng did feel the life force in the ancient jade. Although he was holding an ancient jade in his hand, when Luo Zheng scanned it with his perception, he found that the ancient jade was like a living thing!
"Take him away! Put him in prison! See if he has any other intentions! "At this time, many guards had already grabbed the beggar and were ready to take him out of the palace.
At this time, Luo Zheng appeared in front of everyone and lightly said, "Wait!"
Seeing that Luo Zheng was alarmed, the guard leader's face revealed an embarrassed expression. He carefully apologized, "I'm sorry, Lord Luo Zheng, we …"
"It's none of your business," Luo Zheng waved his hand, but his eyes didn't leave the ancient jade in the beggar's hand. He then said to the beggar, "Take your ancient jade and follow me!"

Chapter 744
Luo Zheng didn't know whether this ancient jade was useful or not. Desperate times call for desperate measures.
At least, Luo Zheng could feel the life force from this ancient jade. Whether it was useful to Ning Yudie or not, he had to try it to find out.
Ning Yudie's life force was originally very vigorous. However, because of the Wind of Life and Death, her life force was now in a state of near exhaustion. Luo Zheng didn't know how long the remaining life force could last Ning Yudie. If she could absorb the life force from this ancient jade, that would be the best news.
He led the beggar into the palace. Then, Luo Zheng stretched out his hand to the beggar and said coldly, "Give it to me!"
The beggar glanced at Luo Zheng and said, "If it's effective, the reward …"
"I won't give you less!" Luo Zheng replied indifferently.
Who knew that the beggar would shake his head and say, "I'm just a Xiantian warrior. Even if you give me the reward, I'm afraid I can't keep it. I want to join … the Cloud Hall or the World Business Alliance."
Luo Zheng coldly stared at the beggar and said, "If it's effective, I can help you. However, you have no room to bargain."
In the world of warriors, how could there be any consideration for feelings? Luo Zheng could directly snatch the jade from the beggar's hands. He could even kill the beggar to keep his mouth shut. Many warriors would do the same!
It was just that Luo Zheng wouldn't do that.
As a warrior from the Central Domain, the beggar certainly understood this. Since he chose to come and offer the treasure, he was prepared to gamble.
Therefore, he nodded and handed the ancient jade to Luo Zheng.
It was unknown whether this ancient jade was originally so warm or because of the life force, or because it had been on the beggar's body for a long time. When Luo Zheng touched it, it didn't have the cold feeling of ordinary ancient jade. Instead, it made him feel warm.
Luo Zheng didn't think too much about it. After picking up the ancient jade, he walked towards Ning Yudie. He was a bit hesitant. How could he inject the life force into Ning Yudie?
Seeing Luo Zheng's hesitation, the beggar said, "My ancestors said that this ancient jade can only be used if it is crushed. The life force inside will automatically dissipate."
More than one piece of ancient jade? Hearing the beggar's words, Luo Zheng's heart skipped a beat. He glanced at the beggar. This guy wasn't a fool. He probably didn't bring all the ancient jades.
"Let's see if it's useful." Thinking of this, Luo Zheng placed the ancient jade above Ning Yudie's head. Then, he gently pinched it with his fingers, causing a crack to appear on the surface of the ancient jade like a broken egg. At the same time, wisps of milky white light escaped from the crack.
"This is the life force!" Luo Zheng's heart skipped a beat. He didn't know that this life force could be absorbed by Ning Yudie.
This life force was indeed very strange. After it dissipated, it actually drilled into Luo Zheng's hand. Seeing this, Luo Zheng felt as if he had been bitten by a scorpion. He quickly retracted his hand.
However, he was afraid that he would absorb the life force.
After Luo Zheng removed his hand, the life force hovered above Ning Yudie's head for a while. Then, it drilled into Ning Yudie's body!
"It worked?" Luo Zheng's eyelids twitched a little.
Then, Luo Zheng felt that Ning Yudie's aura seemed to have strengthened a little! Although it was only a little, Luo Zheng saw great hope. It was indeed useful!
This ancient jade could really replenish Ning Yudie's life force!
Luo Zheng suddenly turned his head. He stared at the beggar and asked, "Tell me, how many pieces of ancient jade do you have?"
"Many, many …" The beggar seemed to be a little nervous.
He did indeed have a lot of ancient jades. To be precise, he had seven pieces. This beggar's surname was Li, and his name was Li Hetai. His Li Family was also a third-grade aristocratic family. However, martial aristocratic families would eventually decline one day. His Li Family had declined three hundred years ago. After that, each generation was worse than the previous one. In his generation, his Li Family had directly collapsed.
However, these seven pieces of ancient jade had been preserved until today. They were the most precious treasures of his Li Family.
This time, the World Business Alliance announced to the world that Li Hetai had heard about the Cloud Hall's Hall Master's matter. In the announcement, life force was clearly stated. Li Hetai wanted to try his luck.
After all, according to his family's ancestral records, this ancient jade did indeed contain life force.
It seemed that it was indeed useful!
However, Li Hetai wasn't a fool. If he took them all in one go, he wouldn't be able to do anything if the World Business Alliance snatched them away.
Therefore, when he entered Tianqi City, he found several places and buried the remaining seven pieces of ancient jade in seven different places. However, Li Hetai didn't expect that Luo Zheng would see through his plan at a glance. At this time, he was a little flustered.
Seeing Li Hetai's hesitation, Luo Zheng was even more certain. He said in a stern voice, "How many pieces of ancient jade are left? Where are they?"
"I, I …" Li Hetai originally wanted Luo Zheng to swear on his Martial Heart that he would fulfill his promise if he took out the seven pieces of ancient jade. However, under Luo Zheng's stern voice, his tongue couldn't help but tremble. How could he speak?
This time, Luo Zheng was even more anxious. "I will definitely fulfill my promise! In the future, you will be a member of my Cloud Hall. The Cloud Hall will protect you. There will be no changes! "
Luo Zheng didn't want to dawdle with this guy. What he cared about the most was how many pieces of ancient jade this guy still had.
"Seven pieces. There are still seven pieces of ancient jade. I buried them outside Tianqi City!" Li Hetai quickly said.
Seven pieces …
Luo Zheng's eyes revealed disappointment. The amount was too little.
There was only a trace of life force in one piece of ancient jade. Seven pieces wasn't much. It couldn't replace the life force that Ning Yudie had lost.
However, Luo Zheng naturally wanted as much as there was. He grabbed Li Hetai's shoulder and said in a cold voice, "Take me there!"
After grabbing this person and flying out of Tianqi City, it only took an incense stick's worth of time. Under Li Hetai's guidance, Luo Zheng quickly dug out the seven pieces of ancient jade one by one. Then, he took Li Hetai back to the Tianchen Hall.
Then, Luo Zheng crushed the pieces of ancient jade one by one. A trace of life force was injected into them by Luo Zheng.
Luo Zheng nervously looked at Ning Yudie. This life force was too little. Could it awaken Ning Yudie?
After waiting for a long time, Ning Yudie still didn't move. She was still like a sleeping child, lying there motionless.
Luo Zheng stood there in a daze for a long time. Then, he faintly sighed, "It's too little …"
Hearing Luo Zheng's words, Li Hetai suddenly became nervous. He also knew that his ancient jade didn't have any effect. However, he still asked, "You, you will fulfill your promise, right?"
"The World Business Alliance will pay you a thousand top-grade true essence stones." Luo Zheng lightly said, "However, this thing of yours didn't awaken Little Die. I can't give you a low-grade sacred tool."
As soon as Luo Zheng finished speaking, Li Hetai's face immediately lit up with joy!
A thousand top-grade true essence stones. Even if his Li Family was at its peak, they still wouldn't be able to escape. For any third-grade family, this was a large sum. Besides the third-grade families in the Cloud Hall and the World Business Alliance, the third-grade families in the other cities didn't have much savings!
This sum of top-grade true essence stones was enough to make him a "nouveau riche" amongst martial artists! Li Hetai was only a Xiantian realm master. How could he dare to beg for a low-grade sacred tool? Even if that thing was given to him, it would only bring death upon him. Therefore, from the very beginning, Li Hetai had been aiming for a thousand top-grade true essence stones.
"However, you must tell me, where did this ancient jade come from?" Luo Zheng stared at Li Hetai and asked. This was the question that Luo Zheng was most concerned about.
During this period of time, Luo Zheng had seen many rare treasures of the Central Domain. However, this was the first time that Luo Zheng had seen this ancient jade that contained the power of life. If he could obtain some clues from Li Hetai, Luo Zheng would do everything in his power to find it.
"Speak." Luo Zheng stared at Li Hetai. "Give me some clues and the thousand top-grade true essence stones will be yours. You will also become an elite disciple of the Cloud Hall."
Now that the Tian Xie Sect and the Void Spirit Sect had been destroyed in the Central Domain, besides the World Business Alliance, the Cloud Hall was the largest sect in the Central Domain. Even when the Cloud Hall was only a fourth-grade force, all the martial artists in the Central Domain had scrambled to join, much less now.
Li Hetai was a Xiantian realm master with mediocre talent. In this lifetime, he had no hope of entering the Cloud Hall. However, now was his chance to change his destiny. How could Li Hetai hide anything?
(Sorry, it's late today. There will be four more updates before 12.)
＝＝＝＝＝

Chapter 745
Li Hetai hurriedly nodded and said, "This, this ancient jade was left behind by my ancestor."
This guy in front of him was talking nonsense. Luo Zheng was also impatient and impatient.
"So I don't know where this ancient jade came from …" Li Hetai continued.
Hearing this, Luo Zheng's face suddenly filled with killing intent. He stared at Li Hetai and said coldly, "You tricked me!"
Shrouded by Luo Zheng's killing intent, Li Hetai was dumbfounded. His face was ghastly pale. His legs gave way and he actually knelt on the ground. "I don't dare. Please listen to me first!"
"Speak!" Luo Zheng stared at him coldly.
"This ancient jade was indeed left behind by my ancestor. However, our Li Family of the Western Desert saved a person 700 years ago. That person … was an expert from the four Divine Kingdoms!" Li Hetai hurriedly said, "Our Li Family was able to develop thanks to this expert from the Divine Kingdom! Although our ancestors didn't tell us the origin of this ancient jade, I guess that this ancient jade should have been left behind by that expert from the Divine Kingdom! "
"From the Divine Kingdom!" Luo Zheng's eyebrows suddenly twitched.
Li Hetai's guess was actually based on some evidence. This ancient jade contained such a miraculous life force. It had never been heard of in the Central Domain.
If this ancient jade was produced in the Central Domain, with the ability of the Central Domain, it would have been found long ago.
No matter what, now that Luo Zheng had found a clue, the life force in this ancient jade was far from enough to awaken Ning Yudie. Therefore, Luo Zheng had to go to the Divine Kingdom!
While Luo Zheng was thinking carefully, he saw Li Hetai looking at him eagerly. He naturally knew what this person was thinking, so he said to Li Hetai, "Follow me."
Li Hetai was delighted. He followed Luo Zheng and the two went straight to the World Business Alliance.
The atmosphere in the Merchant Union was still tense. Although Luo Zheng had promised that he could deal with the Divine Sea Realm warriors of the Yu Dynasty, Shi Kefan and the others were still preparing for this.
It was just that no matter how much the World Business Alliance thought about it, they couldn't think of a way to deal with it.
The Central Domain was not on the same level as the four Kingdoms. So far, the Central Domain had never given birth to a real Holy Land, while the four Kingdoms had a long history. Even the number of Spirit Sea Realm warriors was not small. They should be stronger than the Seagod Continent.
Cui Xie, who was only at the Life and Death Realm, almost destroyed the World Business Alliance and the Cloud Hall. It was all thanks to Luo Zheng alone that the situation was reversed. How could a powerful warrior at the Divine Sea Realm be mentioned?
There was a huge disagreement within the World Business Alliance on this matter.
Shi Kefan was inclined to trust Luo Zheng.
Although this kind of trust was somewhat blind, Shi Kefan believed that since Luo Zheng had agreed, he naturally had his own way to deal with it.
On the other hand, Yan Yueshan, Mo Haishan, and some other elders were not willing to pin their hopes on Luo Zheng. Yan Yueshan believed that the target of the Yu Dynasty wasn't the Central Domain, but Luo Zheng!
The words of the Heartless Sweetheart's projection that day were clear. He seemed to know that Luo Zheng had a huge secret. It was this secret that attracted the warriors of the Yu Dynasty to the Central Domain.
Otherwise, why didn't the four Kingdoms show any interest in the "Tianbei Domain" after so many years?
Since it was Luo Zheng who caused this trouble, the World Business Alliance didn't need to share the burden with Luo Zheng.
It couldn't be said that Yan Yueshan and the others were burning bridges after crossing the river. People had the instinct to seek benefits and avoid harm. This time, Luo Zheng killed Cui Xie, which was indeed a great favor to the World Business Alliance. However, that was another matter. When they felt that they couldn't defeat such a powerful opponent, they would inevitably choose a way to avoid it.
While many people were arguing, someone in the Conference Hall announced, "Luo Zheng requests an audience!"
Shi Kefan nodded and said, "Quickly, let him in!"
Luo Zheng led Li Hetai into the Conference Hall. When Shi Kefan saw the beggar behind Luo Zheng, he was slightly surprised. "Brother Luo Zheng, this is …" Now that Luo Zheng's strength was not weaker than anyone in the Central Domain, the three Alliance Masters and Luo Zheng addressed each other as equals.
"One thousand top-grade True Meta Stones. This money will be paid by the World Business Alliance," Luo Zheng said with a faint smile.
Hearing this, the three fat men were shocked. The one thousand top-grade True Meta Stones were the reward for curing Ning Yudie's illness. Luo Zheng's words, could it be …
"He cured Ning Yudie?" Shi Kefan glanced at the ordinary-looking Li Hetai behind Luo Zheng and asked.
In the past few days, in addition to plotting against the Great Yu Divine Kingdom, the most important thing for the World Business Alliance was to help Luo Zheng screen various eccentric people.
Eccentric people emerged one after another. Although most of these people were swindlers, in order to cure Ning Yudie, they would not let go of even the slightest hope!
There were many martial artists in the General Commerce League, but there were only a few hundred of them who could discern the situation. Many of the elders were extremely busy as well.
Unexpectedly, they could not find a way to cure Ning Yudie, but Luo Zheng found it himself?
Luo Zheng shook his head and said with a smile, "Yes, and no."
"Brother Luo Zheng, what do you mean?" Yan Yueshan asked quickly.
When Luo Zheng saw the puzzled expression on everyone's faces, he told them about how Li Hetai had offered up the ancient jade. Only then did everyone's doubts were cleared.
"In that case, Brother Luo Zheng does not plan to go to the Divine Kingdom?" Shi Kefan guessed Luo Zheng's thoughts.
"Yes," Luo Zheng nodded without hesitation, "After dealing with those guys, I will go to the Divine Kingdom and look for this ancient jade!"
Deal with those guys …
Everyone's eyes flashed. This Luo Zheng was so arrogant! How could the Divine Sea Realm experts of the Great Yu Divine Kingdom be so easy to deal with?
But Luo Zheng had never let them down!
Why was Luo Zheng so confident?
Everyone looked at Luo Zheng in confusion.
Yan Yueshan had a hot temper and could not restrain himself, "Brother Luo Zheng! No matter what method you have, can you tell us first? "
"Yes, we are indeed curious. Does Brother Luo Zheng really have the strength to defeat a Divine Sea Realm expert?" Mo Haishan, who had always been a man of few words, asked.
Shi Kefan smiled faintly. In fact, his two brothers' doubts were reasonable. No matter how powerful Luo Zheng's trump card was, it was impossible for him to be a match for a Divine Sea Realm expert.
This was like a mystery that no one could figure out, and it was related to everyone's life and death. It would be unreasonable for Luo Zheng to keep silent!
Luo Zheng smiled faintly and did not keep them in suspense. He said directly, "It's very simple! I don't have the strength to fight against a Divine Sea Realm expert, but since the Divine Kingdom of the Great Yu Divine Kingdom has sent a Divine Sea Realm expert, then we can also fight with a Divine Sea Realm expert! "
"What?" The faces of everyone in the meeting hall changed abruptly.
A Divine Sea Realm expert? Since when did the Central Domain have such a powerful expert?
"Brother Luo Zheng, are you kidding?" an Elder of the World Business Alliance said, shaking his head. He did not believe Luo Zheng's words at all.
"I'm not kidding," Luo Zheng said calmly.
Everyone looked at each other and felt that Luo Zheng's logic was completely wrong. Yan Yueshan was the first to question, "Since Brother Luo Zheng has the help of a Divine Sea Realm expert, why didn't you see him when you faced Cui Xie?"
Luo Zheng was almost killed by Cui Xie in the battle with the Tian Xie Sect. Ning Yudie was still in a coma because of Cui Xie.
Luo Zheng's eyes flashed. He said loudly, "Because Cui Xie is someone I must kill! In order to stabilize my heart of martial arts, Cui Xie must be killed by me! This is my test, and also my first step to the whole world! "
Luo Zheng's words were powerful and resonant. An invisible majesty bloomed. This was Luo Zheng's domineering aura.
His domineering aura was completely different from that of Cui Xie. Cui Xie's domineering aura was very rude and unreasonable. He would not reason with anyone and would crush anyone who did not agree with him. However, Luo Zheng's domineering aura was very serious, to the extreme!
Who would have thought that Luo Zheng would choose to fight with Cui Xie with his life in order to stabilize his heart of martial arts? He obviously had a better choice, but he chose the most difficult path at the risk of his life and pressed forward with indomitable will?
Everyone was silent for a long time.

Chapter 746
Everyone looked at Luo Zheng.
Shi Kefan's question was also what everyone was most concerned about.
Since Luo Zheng said that we have the help of Divine Sea Realm experts, then where are they?
There were many hermits in the Central Domain.
There were some hermits who had never entered the world. The General Commerce Alliance knew quite a lot about some of these hermits. There were even two or three Life and Death Realm experts. It was just that these experts were not known to the public.
But there were absolutely no Divine Sea Realm experts!
Where was Luo Zheng going to find a Spirit Sea Realm warrior?
"Alliance Master Shi, I'll give you an answer in seven days. Please wait patiently," Luo Zheng said, cupping his hands.
Shi Kefan nodded. He trusted Luo Zheng the most. Besides, Luo Zheng had no reason to lie, because it wouldn't do him any good. Moreover, those experts of Yu the Great Divine Country were targeting Luo Zheng!
As for the others, they still didn't believe it. But seven days would pass quickly. At that time, they would be able to prove whether Luo Zheng was telling the truth or not!
Li Hetai followed Luo Zheng to get his reward. But after he followed Luo Zheng, he heard them talking about Divine Sea Realm experts. He suddenly felt dizzy.
But in this Conference Hall, almost all the people were False Tribulation Realm experts. He was just a Xiantian Realm expert. He would tremble in front of any of them. How could he interrupt?
Seeing that everyone had finished their discussion, he said in a low voice, "Well, my reward …"
Shi Kefan coldly glanced at Li Hetai. Then, he ordered someone to take Li Hetai away to get the top-grade True Meta Stones.
Li Hetai didn't dare to ask Luo Zheng about joining the Cloud Hall. But he was smart enough to understand the situation. Since Luo Zheng had agreed, he would go to the Cloud Hall and say Luo Zheng's name. The Cloud Hall wouldn't refuse him.
After Luo Zheng returned to the Heavenly Palace, he summoned Xun.
Smoky had been lurking in Luo Zheng's body, so she naturally understood why Luo Zheng summoned her.
When he had left the Sea God Continent, Liu Yu had connected a voice transmission talisman to Xun's king statue.
Xun's soul was too weak. He was unable to directly communicate with the Demon Night Clan's Sacred Land through the King Statue like the other Kings.
However, with the help of the special Sound Transmission Talisman and the King Statue, it was possible!
After Luo Zheng burned the Voice-transmitting Rune, Xun also closed her eyes. Her fine eyelashes quivered slightly as she soon entered a certain state …
Hundreds of thousands of miles away …
Crossing the boundless sea, the Sea God Continent, the Heavenly Feather Holy Grounds.
The Yao Ye clansmen of the Heavenly Feather Holy Land would pay their respects to the statue of the supreme king every day. This was something that they couldn't do in their entire lives.
To them, the King Statue was like a spiritual totem.
Liu Yu led the Yao Ye clansmen to kneel in front of the King Statue. Their faces were filled with sincerity. This kind of worship ceremony would last for the time it took three incense sticks to burn.
Today, during the worship ceremony, a voice transmission talisman suddenly burned on the third King Statue. This was the statue that controlled slaughter. Soon after, Xun's deep voice faintly rang out.
"Liu Yu," Xun said calmly. Although Xun appeared to be very clever and quick-witted in front of Luo Zheng, Xun was a supreme existence in front of the Yao Ye clansmen!
When they heard Xun's voice, all of the Yao Ye clansmen were shocked. Joy appeared on their faces.
"King!"
Liu Yu knelt on one knee and called out excitedly.
"I need all of you," Xun said calmly.
"Yes, King. Liu Yu will arrive today!" Liu Yu didn't hesitate at all. He didn't even think about it. All of the Yao Ye clansmen obeyed the King unconditionally.
However, Xun said coldly, "If you leave, what will happen to the Heavenly Feather Holy Land? What will happen to the Purple Heart Holy Land? "
The situation on the Sea God's Continent wasn't as stable as expected. If Liu Yu left the Sea God's Continent, the Twin Devil Holy Land would most likely become restless. That would be the best time for them to counterattack.
However, the Yao Ye clansmen viewed serving the King as the highest honor. In comparison, their Holy Land wasn't ranked first.
Xun naturally knew what Liu Yu was thinking. As such, she said calmly, "There's no need for you to come. Liu Yu, you have to guard the Heavenly Feather Holy Land. The Heavenly Feather Holy Land and the Purple Heart Holy Land can each send a few Divine Sea Realm experts."
A trace of disappointment appeared in Liu Yu's eyes.
However, how could he disobey the King's orders? He could only acquiesce.
Then, Xun gave instructions on how to get to Heavenly Awakening City through the teleportation formation.
After that, Liu Yu suddenly stood up. With his back to the three King Statues, he glanced at the Yao Ye clansmen and said calmly, "Who is willing to use the teleportation formation to go to the Central Domain and serve the King?"
Serving Xun was the highest honor for Liu Yu. How could it not be the same for the other Yao Ye clansmen?
"Liu Yu! I'm willing to go! "The one who spoke was another Divine Sea Realm expert of the Yao Ye clan.
"I'm willing as well," another woman in black said.
"Liu Yu, give me a chance!"
"Liu Yu …"
The Heavenly Feather Holy Land had the most Divine Sea Realm experts out of all the Holy Lands on the Sea God's Continent.
For example, the Purple Heart Holy Land only had three Divine Sea Realm experts. The Heavenly Feather Holy Land had seven, and Liu Yu was one of the top Divine Sea Realm experts!
Now that Liu Yu had spoken, all of the Divine Sea Realm experts were willing to go!
Apart from the six Divine Sea Realm experts, many Life and Death Realm experts also wanted to go …
Life and Death Realm experts were the top experts in the Central Domain. However, there were many of them in the Sea God's Continent.
Liu Yu thought for a moment. Xun didn't want Liu Yu to leave the Heavenly Feather Holy Land, but she didn't limit the number of people. Since the Battle-Saints of the Holy Land were willing to go, she had no reason to stop them.
Liu Yu nodded. "Apart from you, the humans of the Purple Heart Holy Land will go as well …"
The Holy Land's efficiency was extremely high. In just a day's time, a huge group of people had set off for the Heavenly Eagle Grassland!
The Twin Devil Holy Land naturally received news of the Heavenly Feather Holy Land and Purple Heart Holy Land's movements. However, with Liu Yu present, the Twin Devil Holy Land didn't dare to act rashly. However, once Liu Yu left, things would be different. Although the Twin Devil Holy Land couldn't fight against the Battle-Saints who broke through in the Sin Tower, they could directly attack the Holy Land. Those old monsters of the Demon Race wouldn't stay put.
This was also why Xun refused Liu Yu.
Three days later, in the skies above the Chaotic Astral Sea to the east of the Central Domain, a massive spatial storm suddenly appeared!
Following this, a massive transmission array appeared in the skies.
Pipa pipa …
Such a massive spatial storm was enough to crush an ordinary martial artist to pieces!
However, a group of over a hundred people appeared in the middle of this spatial storm. These people seemed to completely disregard the spatial storm, as if they had forcefully rushed out!
This group of over a hundred people was led by nine Divine Sea Realm powerhouses. The rest were all Battle-Saints.
"This is the Central Domain? Luo Zheng's hometown? "Situ Haotian looked down at the distant coastline of the continent, his heart filled with emotion.
Before Luo Zheng came to the Sea God Continent, the humans of the Purple Heart Holy Land were like orphans. Who would have thought that the continent Luo Zheng came from would be completely dominated by humans?
"Let's go." A Divine Sea Realm powerhouse from the Fiend Night Clan glanced over indifferently. She didn't feel as emotional as Situ Haotian. The only thing that drove the Fiend Night Clan was Xun, their king.
Thus, these hundreds of cultivators rushed forward in a mighty manner.
"Sect, Sect Master, something bad has happened!" In the easternmost part of the Central Domain, in the Fish Dragon Sect, a sharp cry suddenly rang out.
"What are you panicking for?" Sect Master Xiao's face darkened. He sternly shouted at the person who had shouted, "We cultivate the heart of martial arts. The most important thing is our temperament. You will never be able to handle anything if you panic like this!"
This Sect Master Xiao was quite shrewd!

Chapter 747
"But, but …" The messenger stammered.
"You can't even speak properly. What a piece of trash!" The messenger was one of Sect Master Xiao's favored subordinates. He was usually calm, but today, he was panicking. Sect Master Xiao was furious and stood up to reprimand him.
However, Sect Master Xiao knew that something was wrong. He asked, "What happened?"
"Outside, there are many people outside. Many martial artists," the man stammered.
"Many warriors? How strong are they? "Sect Master Xiao asked again.
"I don't know. Sect Master, you should go out personally …" The messenger suggested.
Sect Master Xiao coldly snorted. He was even more confused. What kind of warriors could scare him like this?
Sect Master Xiao then walked out of his residence and looked up. He saw over a hundred people floating in the sky above him …
"What level of strength …" Sect Master Xiao checked for a moment and inhaled a breath of cold air. This breath of cold air caused him to cough violently.
"Cough, cough, cough …"
Sect Master Xiao was a middle stage False Tribulation Realm warrior, but when he saw the scene in the sky, he couldn't help coughing. His body didn't seem to listen to him.
"Life and Death Realm warriors …"
"Life and Death Realm warriors …"
"There are hundreds of Life and Death Realm warriors, right?"
"No, the ones in the front aren't Life and Death Realm warriors. They are much stronger than Life and Death Realm warriors! Could they be the legendary Divine Sea Realm warriors? " After Sect Master Xiao finally finished coughing, his eyes widened like copper bells. His gaze was filled with disbelief.
Oh my god …
After his mind went blank for a moment, Sect Master Xiao's brain began to work quickly.
These warriors definitely didn't come from the Central Domain. There was only one possibility. They came from the four Divine Nations on the other side of the Chaotic Astral Ocean.
The news of the Tian Xie Sect joining forces with the World Business Alliance and the Cloud Hall in Tian Qi City had spread throughout the Central Domain.
The news of Yu Da Divine Nation invading the Central Domain had also spread.
However, Sect Master Xiao wasn't in a hurry. He was just a third-grade sect. Even if the Da Yu Divine Nation really occupied the Central Domain, he could just choose to submit.
When the Tian Xie Sect was wreaking havoc, the Fish Dragon Sect didn't have the slightest intention of resisting. Instead, they became a member of the Tian Xie Sect. Even he himself said that he wanted to join the Kingdom of Evil Deities and become a member of the Divine Kingdom.
When the Tian Xie Sect attacked Tian Qi City, Sect Master Xiao used sect affairs as an excuse and did not participate.
Cui Xie did not take his third-grade force seriously at all.
After the Tian Xie Sect was destroyed, the Fish Dragon Sect was not affected at all.
It was because of this that the Fish Dragon Sect was safe and sound. Therefore, this time, when the Yu Dynasty attacked, he did not panic.
However, he was still surprised by the strength of the four Divine Kingdoms. How could the Yu the Great Divine Kingdom send out more than 10 Divine Sea Realm warriors to battle so casually? How terrifying was the background of the four Divine Kingdoms?
Luo Zheng was probably going to be miserable. Last time, the World Business Alliance and the Cloud Hall escaped a disaster. This time, they might not be able to escape!
Sect Master Xiao had already determined their fate.
In the sky, hundreds of people stood there. Situ Haotian looked at the many humans below and smiled faintly. "Let me go and ask for directions! After all, they are of the same race as us! "
After that, Situ Haotian flew towards the bottom of the Fish Dragon Sect.
The Fish Dragon Sect also had its own Sect Protection Array. However, in the face of a Divine Sea Realm warrior, how could they resist?
Situ Haotian flew towards Sect Master Xiao casually and then asked lightly, "You, tell me, which direction is Tian Qi City?"
Sect Master Xiao's face was immediately filled with smiles. Sure enough, his guess was right. These fellows came from the four Divine Kingdoms and were heading towards Tian Qi City. He hurriedly said, "Tian Qi City is southwest!"
After he finished speaking, Sect Master Xiao's hand moved as fast as lightning as he took out a map from his spatial ring. This map was Sect Master Xiao's personal map. The map was very detailed, and the names of various places were even drawn with golden lines.
"Sir, this is a map of my Central Domain. If you follow the markings, you will be able to find Tian Qi City!" Sect Master Xiao said with a smile.
"Mm." How could Situ Haotian be polite to a War Reverend? Moreover, this fellow in front of him was only a fifth-order War Reverend. How could he enter his eyes? After putting away the map, Situ Haotian didn't even bother to say another word. He casually threw down an object and flew towards the sky.
The hundreds of people immediately turned into streaks of light and flew towards the southwest.
After the hundreds of people left, Sect Master Xiao immediately felt much more relaxed. The aura of the hundreds of experts was like a huge mountain, almost causing Sect Master Xiao to be unable to breathe.
After making sure that they were far away, Sect Master Xiao finally had the mood to look at the object. When he saw the ordinary-looking dagger, his eyes began to shine with a fierce light. Even his voice began to tremble as he said, "This, this, this … this is a Saint, Saint artifact!"
Hearing the Sect Master speak like this, the martial artist that informed him revealed an indignant expression. The Sect Master had even lectured him before. Didn't one have to pay attention to one's temperament when cultivating martial arts? If the Sect Master was so excited, how good could his temperament be …
However, he didn't dare to voice this thought out loud. He could only stare blankly at the ecstatic Sect Master.
Among these martial artists, the weakest was a Life and Death powerhouse. With over a hundred people flying together, just how fast was their speed?
However, with over a hundred streaks of light moving at high speeds, it caused a great stir in the Central Domain. There were even some martial artists that thought that a heavenly phenomenon was descending from the heavens and that some strange treasure was being born.
A day later, the hundreds of people finally arrived at Apocalypse City.
On top of Apocalypse City's huge city walls, countless craftsmen were working day and night to repair them. In the previous battle, the city walls had been completely destroyed. Repairing them like this was a huge project.
"Look, what's that!" On top of the city walls, a craftsman suddenly discovered that over a hundred streaks of light were shooting towards them from the horizon. At a glance, it was as if over a hundred meteors were falling towards them.
Hearing the craftsman's words, many martial artists raised their heads and looked towards the horizon.
When a city guard saw this scene, his expression changed. His figure flickered and he rushed towards the city gate tower. There was a large bell on top of the city gate tower. After the guard went up, he began to rapidly ring the bell!
This large bell was used as an alarm. Under the ringing of the bell, the other bells also began to ring. As the bells passed down one after another, the entire Apocalypse City was filled with alarm bells.
"What's going on?"
"It can't be those powerhouses from Scandinavia, right? So fast! "
"How should my Apocalypse City deal with them this time?"
All the martial artists in Apocalypse City were in a panic.
A Divine Core warrior stood on top of the city wall and looked at those martial artists in the sky. In the end, he murmured, "Over a hundred Life and Death warriors, what do we have to deal with them?! How are we going to deal with them?!"
Right when the alarm bells were ringing, the three Alliance Chiefs of the World Business Alliance, and over twenty Void Tribulation Elders flew out from Apocalypse City. They gathered together and stared at those mighty warriors in the distance. Their expressions were extremely unsightly.
Although Luo Zheng did say that he could ask for help from a Divine Sea warrior, it was still a fact.
But, Shi Kefan and the others had a preconceived notion, and they felt that it would be great if Luo Zheng could ask one or two Divine Sea warriors to help him.
After all, how much would it cost to ask for help from a Divine Sea warrior?
No matter what, just like what Luo Zheng had said, with a Divine Sea warrior in Apocalypse City, they would have more hope in dealing with Yu Da Divine Nation.
After all, Yu Da Divine Nation wouldn't send too many Divine Sea warriors to the Central Domain. Although the overall strength of the Divine Nation was much stronger than the Central Domain, Divine Sea warriors weren't as common as cabbages. They wouldn't send all their mighty warriors just to deal with a tiny Central Domain.
But, the Divine Sea warrior that Luo Zheng mentioned didn't come, but the mighty warriors from the Divine Nation did.
"Nine Divine Sea warriors, ninety Life and Death warriors, hehe …" Shi Kefan said with a bitter expression, "It doesn't matter whether the reinforcements Luo Zheng is waiting for are here or not …"
＝＝＝＝＝

Chapter 748
In the Central Domain, any one of these super warriors would be an overlord!
Life and Death Realm warriors were equivalent to Battle-Saints on the Deep Sea Continent.
For example, Ning Yudie had just broken through the Life and Death Realm, so she was equivalent to a Battle-Saint.
Regardless of whether they were Life and Death Realm warriors or Battle-Saints, they all had to go through the Life and Death Realm, which was also known as the minor Heavenly Tribulation.
The minor Heavenly Tribulation was not only a life and death tribulation for warriors, but also a test.
After entering the Life and Death Realm, one could reach the Divine Sea Realm after going through several minor Heavenly Tribulations. The number of tribulations varied for every warrior, but to reach the Divine Sea Realm, one had to go through at least five or six minor Heavenly Tribulations.
Moreover, the higher the talent of a warrior, the more minor Heavenly Tribulations he had to go through, and the more powerful he would be after entering the Divine Sea Realm!
Therefore, the number of minor Heavenly Tribulations was also a measure of a warrior's future.
There were many Battle-Saints on the Sea God Continent, and this group of Battle-Saints was the elite among them. They were only one step away from reaching the Divine Sea Realm! Therefore, they were basically sixth or even seventh level Battle-Saints.
These Battle-Saints had already gone through six or even seven Life and Death Realms.
Any one of them was much more powerful than Cui Xie, who had gone through four Life and Death Realms!
In other words, any one of them could sweep through the Central Domain!
However, there were more than a hundred of such terrifying existences!
How frightened were the warriors of the World Business Alliance when they saw this scene?
Shi Kefan, Yan Yueshan, and Mo Haishan suddenly felt their scalps go numb and their backs turn cold. Last time, when they faced the Tian Xie Sect, they still had the courage to fight, but now, facing these super warriors, they didn't even have the courage to resist!
The difference in strength was too great, and any resistance was futile.
Even so, Shi Kefan still braced himself and flew forward, bowing to the many super warriors. "I am the leader of the World Business Alliance. Greetings to all the warriors from the Divine Nation!"
The leader, Situ Haotian, glanced at the fat man in front of him and asked, "Where is Luo Zheng?"
Although Shi Kefan's strength was good, that was only in comparison to the powerhouses of the Central Domain. In Situ Haotian's eyes, he was nothing more than a peak War Reverend. For a martial artist like Shi Kefan, the only use he had on the Sea God Continent was to fight for a seat at the top of the Sin Tower.
Furthermore, Situ Haotian silently evaluated Shi Kefan's strength in his heart. Even among the Peak War Reverends, this person's strength was considered to be at the bottom. He was probably inferior to Zhao Fenqin and Zhou Zhuohe, much less the Peak War Reverends of the Demon Night Clan and the Demon Clan.
Hearing this mighty figure in the Spirit Sea Realm ask about Luo Zheng, Shi Kefan hesitated. To be honest, as the leader of the Business Alliance, he should give Luo Zheng away without any hesitation. For the survival of the World Business Alliance, this was the right thing for him to do. He should draw a clear line between the Business Alliance and Luo Zheng.
These powerhouses of the Divine Kingdom shouldn't be interested in a mere Business Alliance.
However, Luo Zheng had made great contributions to the World Business Alliance. Although Shi Kefan flaunted himself as a businessman, it was difficult for him to sell out Luo Zheng like this.
However, as the leader of the Business Alliance, he couldn't let down the World Business Alliance!
"Big Brother!"
Yan Yueshan roared at Shi Kefan.
How could they not see why Shi Kefan was hesitating?
In Yan Yueshan's opinion, these powerhouses weren't people they could resist. Even if they wanted to protect Luo Zheng, it would be like throwing an egg against a rock!
Shi Kefan sighed inwardly. He thought, "Forget it, forget it. Luo Zheng probably won't blame me. Besides, Luo Zheng was originally in Tianqi City. Even if he wanted to escape now, it would be impossible …"
However, before Shi Kefan could speak, a beam of light shot out from Tianqi City. This newcomer was Luo Zheng.
The many Elders of the World Business Alliance and the three fat Alliance Masters turned their heads to look. As they saw Luo Zheng's calm and composed appearance, they all revealed astonished expressions.
How could this fellow be so indifferent? It was as if he didn't place these hundreds of Divine Kingdom powerhouses in his eyes at all!
Did Luo Zheng really have a way to deal with them?
It wasn't just the upper echelons of the World Business Alliance that were astonished. In Tianqi City, countless Business Alliance Deacons and martial artists were secretly observing the situation in the sky. Every martial artist's face was covered in a layer of frost. Seeing this scene, even a blind man would know that Tianqi City was in grave danger!
Under the watchful eyes of everyone present, Luo Zheng floated in front of Situ Haotian. He faintly smiled and said, "The last time we parted at the Heavenly Eagle Prairie, I thought that it would take forever, but I never imagined that I would be able to summon all of you to help me. Luo Zheng is deeply ashamed!"
Situ Haotian faintly smiled. "Young Hero Luo Zheng's words are too exaggerated. The environment that you have created for our Human Race will likely be blessed for generations to come. Such a trivial matter is not worth mentioning."
Luo Zheng had single-handedly reversed the situation in the Tower of Sin. This had a profound and profound impact on the Purple Heart Holy Land. As long as the Human Race was given enough time, they would surely become one of the greatest clans of the Sea God Continent in the future. How could the Purple Heart Holy Land not be grateful to Luo Zheng?
It was also for this reason that Situ Haotian had personally come here.
Luo Zheng faintly smiled. Specks of red light scattered from his body. These specks of light intertwined and condensed into a slender figure. It was Luo Zheng's Sword Spirit, Xun.
The moment Xun appeared, the six Divine Sea Realm experts and dozens of Life and Death Realm experts of the Fiend Night Clan all knelt on one knee. They faced Xun and said in unison, "Greetings, King!"
Dozens of Life and Death Realm experts and several Divine Sea Realm experts were respectfully paying their respects … to Luo Zheng's Sword Spirit?
In Heavenly Awakening City, Shi Kefan, Yan Yueshan, Mo Haishan, many Elders, and countless Merchant Union cultivators were all dumbfounded. For a moment, they couldn't wrap their heads around what was happening …
This scene had completely overturned their worldview …
What the hell is going on?
These people didn't seem to be experts of the Great Yu Divine Kingdom.
Were these people the reinforcements that Luo Zheng had mentioned?
It was fine if they were reinforcements, but why were they so respectful to Luo Zheng's Sword Spirit? Was there a need to be so respectful?
There was no Divine Kingdom in the Central Domain. As for the cultivators, strength was the only thing that mattered.
Even Cui Xie didn't have the qualifications to make others kneel and pay respect to him.
After all, they were all cultivators. No one was willing to submit to another. Cui Xie was indeed powerful, but he wasn't powerful to that extent!
Making a group of False Tribulation Realm cultivators kneel and pay respect to Cui Xie? No way, not to mention the other Life and Death Realm experts …
Only after establishing a Divine Kingdom and establishing a monarch system would it be possible to make all the cultivators in the Central Domain submit to him. However, this would take a long time to consolidate the imperial power and make all the cultivators in the Central Domain recognize him as their monarch. He was someone who was qualified to be called an emperor …
Even so, a truly powerful expert still wouldn't be so courteous to you.
However, these Divine Ocean Realm experts were truly kneeling in front of Xun. The sincerity on their faces came from the bottom of their hearts. It wasn't an act!
Shi Kefan was speechless. If he could speak, he really wanted to shout, "Oh heavens, oh heavens, can someone tell me what is going on?"
Even if they racked their brains, they wouldn't be able to figure out that the Sword Spirit beside Luo Zheng was the king of the Demon Night Clan. He was the spiritual symbol of the Demon Night Clan. In the upper world, not to mention the Divine Ocean Realm experts, even the Realm Lords who were much stronger than Xun had to pay respect to him. In their eyes, this was something that couldn't be more normal!
Xun glanced at the Spirit Sea Realm warriors and said softly, "No need for formalities."
Only then did the Yao Ye clan experts straighten their backs and respectfully retreat to the side.
Shi Kefan hesitantly floated over to Luo Zheng's side and asked in a trembling voice, "Brother Luo Zheng, what, what is going on?"
Situ Haotian had addressed Luo Zheng as Young Hero Luo Zheng. Luo Zheng and Situ Haotian had addressed each other as equals. Shi Kefan suddenly felt that calling him "Brother Luo Zheng" was a bit overboard.
However, Luo Zheng was only 20 years old. Was Shi Kefan supposed to call him "Lord Luo Zheng"? That didn't seem right. Even Cui Xie wasn't worthy of Shi Kefan calling him that!
Shi Kefan was really conflicted.

Chapter 749
How could Luo Zheng know that Shi Kefan was so entangled in his heart?
However, when he saw Shi Kefan's stuttering appearance, Luo Zheng knew that Shi Kefan was shocked by Situ Haotian and the others.
So, Luo Zheng comforted him, "Alliance Master Shi, don't worry. These people are friends that we have made in the past two years."
"Friends …"
Shi Kefan was indeed not worried. Not only was he not worried, but he was also overjoyed. With such a group of people, what was the Great Yu Divine Country?
But where had Luo Zheng been in the past two years? How could he have made such a group of "friends"?
How much face did he have to have to invite such a group of friends?
Yan Yueshan had always been impatient. He couldn't wait to grab Luo Zheng and ask Luo Zheng to tell him the whole story. However, with over a hundred powerhouses present, how could Yan Yueshan dare to speak?
As for Mo Haishan, he was a man of few words. His white and chubby face didn't have much expression. Now, he looked the most normal, but the degree of shock in his heart was no less than anyone else's.
"Friends, good, good friends!" Shi Kefan froze for a moment. Then, with a smile on his face, he said, "Since you are Luo Zheng's friends, the World Business Alliance will host a banquet to entertain you! Quickly, please enter Heavenly Awakening City! "
At this time, how could Shi Kefan dare to show the slightest neglect?
However, when Shi Kefan spoke, Situ Haotian and the others didn't have any expression on their faces. They didn't even smile politely.
Shi Kefan might be a famous figure in the Central Territory, and as the Alliance Master of the Merchant Union, his influence wasn't small. However, in the eyes of Situ Haotian, Shi Kefan was nothing more than a minor character that wasn't worth mentioning.
These hundreds of powerhouses of the Sea God Continent only wanted to give face to Luo Zheng and Xun.
Seeing their indifferent appearance, Shi Kefan scratched his head awkwardly. He didn't know what to say. He could only look at Luo Zheng with pleading eyes.
Luo Zheng didn't want to embarrass Shi Kefan too much, so he faintly smiled and said to Situ Haotian, "Senior Haotian, since you've come from afar, I, Luo Zheng, naturally have to entertain you well. Please come into the city for a chat."
Situ Haotian nodded. Many powerhouses followed Luo Zheng and flew towards Heavenly Awakening City.
In a dazzling hall in Heavenly Awakening City, over a hundred wide tables were arranged in a row. All kinds of beautiful women were shuttling back and forth, and exquisite dishes were hurriedly served.
How could the General Commerce League treat these experts with the slightest neglect? It could be said that this was the highest standard of reception in the history of the business league!
All kinds of exquisite food were served up like flowing water.
Most of these ingredients were treasures from the Merchant Union's warehouse. Some of them were the most precious parts of Level Seven and even Level Eight demonic beasts.
Heavenly Awakening City was filled with talented people. Not only were there alchemists and weapon refiners, but even the chefs were the best in the entire Central Domain. The quality of the dishes they produced was naturally top-notch.
However, a scene that made Shi Kefan and the others' jaws drop suddenly appeared.
Many of the Central Domain's martial artists didn't expect that these powerhouses' table manners would be so unsightly. On one side, they were praising all kinds of dishes, while on the other, they were gulping down huge amounts of food.
Shi Kefan didn't feel distressed. The World Business Alliance's wealth far surpassed any sect. How could they eat so much?
However, Shi Kefan could never have imagined that these powerful warriors of the Life and Death Realm and Spirit Sea Realm would be like farmers entering a city when they saw these dishes. It was as if they had never tasted such delicious food in their lives, which indeed confused them.
While Shi Kefan couldn't figure it out, Luo Zheng was very clear about the reason.
Situ Haotian looked down on the strength of the Central Domain's martial artists. In the Central Domain, it was already extremely difficult for a Life and Death powerhouse to be born. But in the Sea God Continent, Life and Death powerhouses were only Battle Saints. They couldn't even stand on their own. The two continents were simply not on the same level of strength.
However, the entire Sea God Continent had always been in chaos. More than a dozen Holy Lands attacked each other, and all kinds of conflicts erupted around the Tower of Sin. Every race faced the crisis of survival.
In such an environment, whether it was the Purple Heart Holy Land or other Holy Lands, the first priority was to develop martial skills and cultivate powerhouses. How could there be a culture of eating and drinking? For martial artists, as long as the food wasn't disgusting, it was fine. Even if it was disgusting, they had to force it down in order to survive.
In fact, apart from having many powerhouses, the Sea God Continent was far inferior to the Central Domain in other aspects, such as literature, music, and so on. Their first priority was survival and strength!
Compared to the Central Domain, the Sea God Continent was much luckier. The other races had no space to develop. After the Human Race occupied the Central Domain, at least there was no survival crisis. If there was, it would only be disputes between humans. Therefore, a rich and colorful culture could be born in the long river of history.
As the saying went, if one ate someone's food, one's mouth would be soft. As the powerhouses of the Sea God Continent ate happily, the atmosphere also became lively. Situ Haotian and Shi Kefan chatted and laughed, learning about the situation and development of the Human Race in the Central Domain.
Shi Kefan was also a good talker. Naturally, he answered all of Situ Haotian's questions.
After eating and drinking, another few hundred beauties wearing long dresses entered the hall. Along with the sounds of various instruments, the group of beauties also began to dance gracefully …
On this night, the people of the Commercial Union were extremely busy. In order to entertain these powerhouses, the Commercial Union had to exert all of their strength.
Although Luo Zheng sat in the seat of honor, he still had a smile on his face. His mood wasn't too high.
The one he was most concerned about was Ning Yudie. Although there were maids taking care of her, she was still lying quietly on the bed, unable to move.
After dealing with the powerhouses of the Great Yu Divine Kingdom, he had to personally go to the four Divine Kingdoms to investigate the origin of the ancient jade. But before that, Luo Zheng first asked Situ Haotian and the others to help him. He wanted to see if they had a way to treat Ning Yudie.
A night of music and music.
For people with their cultivation, even if they didn't sleep for several months, their spirit would still be full.
In the Heavenly Palace Hall, after Situ Haotian reached out to take Ning Yudie's pulse, he shook his head and came to a similar conclusion. "This woman isn't seriously ill. It's just that her life force has been completely exhausted. If we want to treat her, we must find something to replenish her life force."
"Does such a thing exist on the Sea God Continent?" Luo Zheng eagerly asked.
Situ Haotian shook his head, "I haven't seen it on the continent, so I don't dare to say whether it exists in the Mysterious Underworld Cave. However, if such a thing exists in the Mysterious Underworld Cave in the future, my Purple Heart Holy Land will send someone to deliver it."
Luo Zheng reluctantly smiled. Although he believed that Situ Haotian would do as he said, Luo Zheng didn't know whether or not the Mysterious Underworld Cave really had such a treasure. He couldn't wait for too long.
After all, a person's life force was constantly being consumed. Although he had used Li Hetai's ancient jade to replenish Ning Yudie's life force, it was just a drop in the bucket. Who knew how long Ning Yudie could last?
It seemed that Luo Zheng still had to go to the four Divine Kingdoms to find clues about the ancient jade.
After these hundreds of powerhouses settled down in Tianqi City, Luo Zheng eagerly looked forward to the arrival of the Great Yu Divine Kingdom's Master Heartless in the Central Domain.
Only after solving this problem could Luo Zheng set off.
But after waiting for nearly a month, there was still no trace of the Master Heartless. Luo Zheng became somewhat anxious. He even regretted smashing the Bagua Mirror. Otherwise, he could have used the Bagua Mirror to provoke the Master Heartless, allowing him to cross the Chaotic Astral Ocean faster.
Luo Zheng waited anxiously, but Situ Haotian and the others weren't.
The Central Domain might not be suitable for cultivation, but it was very suitable for living. During their time in Tianqi City, their days were very leisurely. They also fully appreciated the Central Domain's delicious food and customs. After all, they were all from the Human Race, but their tastes and aesthetics were basically the same.
As for the powerhouses of the Demon Night Clan, they were even less anxious. Being able to accompany their King was their greatest honor. They were afraid that the smell would drive them away!
Just after Situ Haotian led the hundreds of powerhouses to the Central Domain 33 Heavens …
In the skies above the Chaotic Astral Ocean, six streaks of light were rapidly advancing.
Crossing the Chaotic Astral Ocean wasn't an easy task. Even after the Astral Ocean Storm stopped, they still had to face the endless Vicious Beasts of the Chaotic Astral Ocean.
Among them, there were some level 10 and even level 11 Vicious Beasts whose strength was comparable to Divine Sea Realm powerhouses!

Chapter 750
Among the six escape lights, two were in the Divine Sea Realm, while the other four were in the Life and Death Realm.
Just as the warriors in the Central Domain had guessed, the four Divine Kingdoms did not take the Central Domain seriously.
In the eyes of the four Divine Kingdoms, the Divine Kingdoms were the center of the Great Thousand World. The opposite side of the ocean was almost a barren land.
As for the "North Heaven Territory", many warriors from the four Divine Kingdoms had gone there in the Middle Ages and Ancient Antiquity. However, there were no opportunities in that desolate place. Therefore, few warriors from the four Divine Kingdoms were willing to risk their lives to enter the North Heaven Territory, let alone pay a huge price to conquer the North Heaven Territory.
Therefore, since ancient times, the warriors who came to the Tianbei Domain were those who had offended the Divine Kingdoms and chose to flee. In desperation, they could choose to live in seclusion in the Central Domain.
But it was different this time.
Because of the Saintess's order, the Heartless Sage had to flatten the so-called "Cloud Hall", a small fourth-grade Sect …
Previously, the Heartless Sage did not understand why the Saintess of the Divine Kingdom of Yu the Great would be angry with a small Sect in the Tianbei Domain, which was tens of thousands of miles away.
Later, the Heartless Sage understood that the guy named Luo Zheng had offended the Saintess.
If it was only for this reason, the Heartless Sage would not have come in person. As a Divine Sea Realm expert, he did not directly take orders from the Saintess.
The reason he came to the Tianbei Domain was naturally because of the secret in Luo Zheng's mind!
The moment the Heartless Sage's soul was devoured, he saw clearly what was in Luo Zheng's mind. It was a great temptation!
Every time he thought of this, the Heartless Sage could not suppress his excitement. If he took this secret for himself, his future would be bright. Even the Divine Kingdom of Yu the Great would be trampled underfoot by him.
The four Divine Kingdoms were too far away from the Tianbei Domain, and they had to avoid some important places on the way. They tried not to provoke the powerful Fierce Beasts in the sea.
Several days later, the six warriors of the Divine Kingdom of Yu the Great finally appeared in the east of the Tianbei Domain.
"Heartless, there seems to be a small sect there. Let's … go and have a look." Another powerful warrior in the Divine Sea Realm who came with Heartless Monk was called Star Sword Venerable Master. He was a close friend of Heartless Monk. This time, he came with Heartless Monk because of Heartless Monk's invitation.
In the eyes of the warriors of the Great Yu Divine Kingdom, the trip to Tianbei Region was not dangerous at all. A place where even the Life and Death Realm warriors could dominate, they only needed to close their eyes and crush it. In comparison, the Chaotic Astral Ocean was much more dangerous than Tianbei Region.
The small sect that Master Xingjian had mentioned was naturally the Fish Dragon Sect, a third grade sect located in the easternmost lands.
Heartless Monk sneered and suddenly rushed into the Fish Dragon Sect. His strong body directly stepped on the open space of the main hall of the Fish Dragon Sect.
"Bang!"
Heartless Monk looked like a child on the surface, but in fact, he was an old monster who had lived for thousands of years. He was a veritable giant. As he stomped down, the open space in front of the main hall of the Fish Dragon Sect suddenly cracked with him as the center. Countless cracks appeared on the ground within a radius of a hundred acres!
"Who is it? Who broke into the Fish Dragon Sect!"
Sect Master Xiao of the Fish Dragon Sect was furious.
When Sect Master Xiao rushed out of the hall and glanced around, the angry expression on his face suddenly disappeared, and an extremely polite smile appeared on his face …
But Sect Master Xiao was cursing in his heart.
"Damn it, why is there another Divine Sea Realm warrior here?
Since when did the Divine Sea Realm warriors in the Central Domain become like cabbages, popping up every now and then? "
Although he was cursing in his heart, the smile on Sect Master Xiao's face was extremely warm. After encountering hundreds of super strong masters, Sect Master Xiao found that his heart had become stronger. At least when he met the six strong masters in front of him, Sect Master Xiao did not lose his composure.
"Master, I wonder what brings you to the Fish Dragon Sect?" Sect Master Xiao asked Heartless Monk with a bright smile.
The Heartless Sage glanced at Sect Master Xiao indifferently and said coldly, "How do I get to Tianqi City?"
Going to Tianqi City again!
Could it be that these people were also going to find Luo Zheng?
Some time ago, hundreds of super strong masters had already gone to the Divine Kingdom. Why was it still not enough?
But speaking of which, why was there no news of the hundreds of strong masters after they borrowed the path from the Fish Dragon Sect to Tianqi City? Sect Master Xiao was puzzled, but he did not dare to ask.
Sect Master Xiao knew very well that curiosity killed the cat. If he asked too much, he was afraid that he would be killed, or even destroyed. How could he dare to ask?
So Sect Master Xiao quickly took out a map and respectfully handed it to the Divine Sea Realm warrior. Then he said with a smile, "This is the map of the Central Domain. Tianqi City has been marked on the map. You can find it by following the map …"
The Heartless Sage took the map, shook it, and memorized it in his mind. Then he snorted. The six strong masters stopped talking and turned into escape lights, heading straight for Tianqi City.
This time, the Heartless Sage did not leave any reward …
After the six left, Sect Master Xiao spat at them. Last time, the hundreds of strong masters rewarded him with a low-grade holy weapon. These two Divine Sea Realm warriors were really stingy!
In less than a day, the six escape lights quickly approached Tianqi City.
Standing at the gate of the city wall, the Heartless Sage glanced indifferently. He had memorized the surroundings of Tianqi City in the Eight Trigrams Mirror. Although the World Business Alliance had cleaned up the battlefield during this period, the Heartless Sage's memory would not be wrong. This was Tianqi City.
"I just don't know if that kid is still in Tianqi City," the Heartless Sage said indifferently.
The Star Sword Venerable asked, "What secret does that kid have that you are so concerned about?"
The Heartless Sage chuckled. "What secret does that kid have? Am I not doing this for the Saintess? "
The Star Sword Venerable said coldly, "You can fool the Saintess with this, but don't fool me. You and I have been friends for many years. Do you still have to hide it from me?"
Seeing that the Star Sword Venerable was a little unhappy, the Heartless Sage finally said, "Well, since I am willing to invite you to the Central Domain, I naturally want to share that secret with you. I can only tell you that this secret is related to the Dragon Bloodline!"
"The Dragon Bloodline!"
Hearing the Heartless Sage's words, the Star Sword Venerable's face suddenly revealed a look of surprise. Then, it turned into an expression of disbelief. "Heartless, don't joke with me."
The secret of the Dragon Bloodline was the greatest secret of the four Divine Kingdoms.
The history of the four Divine Kingdoms was much longer than that of the Central Domain. On that land, various civilizations had existed for countless years.
Therefore, the history of the Divine Kingdoms could be summarized into the Ancient Times, the Middle Ages, and the Modern Times …
The Dragon Bloodline had been enemies with the Divine Kingdoms since the Ancient Times. In the Middle Ages, the Dragon Bloodline and the "seven Divine Kingdoms" of that time started an earth-shattering war. The True Dragon even appeared and helped the Dragon Bloodline to destroy the three Divine Kingdoms.
It was only in the Modern Times that the Divine Kingdoms finally gained the upper hand and completely destroyed the Dragon Bloodline. The Dragon Bloodline became a part of history and legend in the Divine Kingdoms.
Even though it was just a legend, there were still many inheritances and relics inside the Dragon Bloodline. These things were like gold mines, attracting the warriors of the Divine Kingdoms to excavate them.
Therefore, all the secrets related to the Dragon Bloodline were extremely precious in the Divine Kingdoms. After all, over the years, the warriors of the Divine Kingdoms had excavated too many benefits from the Dragon Bloodline …
"Why would I joke with you? When I catch this guy and search his soul, you'll know then!" The Heartless Sage revealed a confident smile.
Seeing that Heartless Monk was so convinced, Star Sword Esteemed Being also believed a little bit. Speaking of which, many warriors who had offended experts in the Divine Kingdom would find a chance to hide in the North Heaven Region. Those warriors who hid in the North Heaven Region would eventually die. Therefore, it was not impossible for the secret to be obtained by the warriors in the Central Region if those warriors brought it here.
"Since that guy has the secret of the Dragon Bloodline, his strength should not be weak. I wonder if he has any helpers?" The Star Sword Venerable's face revealed a hint of caution.
"Hahahaha …" Hearing the Star Sword Venerable's words, the Heartless Sage immediately laughed, "That guy's strength is indeed not bad. He killed a fourth level Life and Death Realm warrior when he was only in the Middle False Tribulation Realm!"
"Oh?" The Star Sword Venerable's eyes flashed. No matter if it was the False Tribulation Realm or the Life and Death Realm, they were not worthy of his attention. However, according to the Heartless Sage's tone, that guy could actually kill a fourth level Life and Death Realm warrior when he was only in the Middle False Tribulation Realm?
This was very powerful.
＝＝＝＝＝

Chapter 751
Even in the four Divine Kingdoms, warriors who could kill Life and Death Realm warriors at the False Tribulation Realm only existed in the legends of the Divine Kingdoms.
At the very least, Star Sword Venerable could not do it back then.
Therefore, Star Sword Venerable was even more interested in Luo Zheng after hearing Heartless Monk's words. Since Luo Zheng was so powerful, maybe it was because of the secret inheritance of the Dragon Bloodline Clan?
"Don't worry, Star Sword. When have I ever lied to you?"
After saying that, Heartless Monk suddenly increased his altitude. Facing Tianqi City, he took a deep breath. A steady stream of Heaven and Earth Yuan Qi gathered toward him. For a moment, the wind and clouds surged in the sky!
Then, Heartless Monk suddenly roared.
"Luo Zheng! Luo Zheng! Luo Zheng! "
"Come out! Come out! Come out! "
When he roared, everyone in Heavenly Awakening City could hear him clearly. His voice was like a clap of thunder that resounded in the ears of many cultivators.
It was a pity that the unlucky ones were the commoners in Tianqi City. Most of the commoners felt as if a few thunderbolts had exploded in front of their foreheads. Under the loud roar, they directly rolled their eyes and fainted!
Those weaker warriors also felt very uncomfortable. Under the vibration of the roar, they felt their Qi and blood surging. Their hearts were beating non-stop, and blood was flowing out of their ears.
This was Heartless Monk's intention to show off.
When an expert of the Divine Sea Realm showed off, how powerful was his aura?
Heartless Monk was also very pleased with himself. The warriors in Tianqi City were probably trembling in fear, right?
In the Divine Kingdom of Yu the Great, they did not dare to be so reckless. It was like a rich man in a big city. He might not be much in his original big city, but when he came to a small rural place, he had to show off and show off.
In the world of warriors, it became "showing off and showing off!"
Seeing Heartless Monk like this, Star Sword Venerable smiled and also flew up. He also absorbed a part of the Heaven and Earth Yuan Qi like Heartless Monk. "Heartless, you are in a good mood. Let me try too. Haha!"
"Luo Zheng! Luo Zheng! Luo Zheng! "
"Come out! Come out! Come out! "
Behind the two experts of the Divine Sea Realm, the four experts of the Life and Death Realm looked at each other with faint smiles on their faces.
As followers, they did not dare to steal the limelight from Heartless Monk and Star Sword Venerable. However, the people of the Divine Kingdom had had a sense of superiority wherever they went. There should be a good show later........ Anyway, killing warriors of the Central Domain was as easy as cutting vegetables..........................
Heavenly Awakening City was completely silent.
Such a large city, yet not a single martial artist appeared. It was as if it was a dead city ….
"Are you a coward?" Heartless Sweetheart sneered. He looked like a little boy, but the expression on his face was ferocious. His expression did not match his appearance.
"You don't dare to come out, right?" Xingjian Venerable said with a faint smile, "The warriors of the Tianbei Region are not only weak but also cowardly."
However, as soon as Star Sword Venerable finished his words, a fleeing light appeared in Tianqi City. The fleeing light came from afar and went straight for Heartless Monk.
It was Luo Zheng!
Luo Zheng wore a faint smile on his face, but he was very happy in his heart. He had been waiting for a long time, and finally, these guys had come!
Heartless Monk had fought with Luo Zheng once. How could he not recognize Luo Zheng's appearance?
Seeing Luo Zheng going alone, Heartless Monk also wore a smile on his face. He said to Luo Zheng, "You know what's good for you. You know you can't run away, so you took the initiative to show up. After I get the thing in your mind, I can leave your corpse intact."
Luo Zheng's eyes flickered slightly. "My corpse intact? Heartless Monk, I don't want to die! "
"What a joke. Do you think it's up to you to decide whether you want to die or not?" Star Sword Venerable said contemptuously. Luo Zheng was just a False Tribulation Realm warrior. Even if he was powerful enough to kill a Life and Death Realm warrior, how could Star Sword Venerable take him seriously?
Luo Zheng smiled indifferently. "It's up to me to decide whether I want to die or not. What do you think?"
Heartless Monk stretched out his hand and gently gestured toward Luo Zheng's body. "Your life is already in our hands, insignificant ant …"
"I'm not here to discuss this with you." Luo Zheng suddenly stopped smiling. "I'm here to ask you a question!"
The six experts of Yu the Great Divine Kingdom were a little confused when they heard Luo Zheng's words. Ask a question? What question? If he lost his life, he still planned to ask a question?
However, since Luo Zheng said so, Heartless Monk was really curious. He immediately asked, "What question do you want to ask?"
Luo Zheng took out a few broken pieces of ancient jade from his Sumeru Ring. The ancient jade had been broken and was not complete.
This ancient jade was the one Li Hetai gave to Luo Zheng. The life force in it had been absorbed by Ning Yudie. However, in order to find clues about the ancient jade, Luo Zheng naturally kept it.
When Luo Zheng took out the ancient jade, Heartless Monk, Star Sword Venerable, and the four Life and Death Realm warriors behind them were slightly stunned. Their faces revealed strange expressions.
"Hey, how did you get this thing?" Heartless Monk stared at the broken ancient jade in Luo Zheng's hand and asked.
Hearing Heartless Monk's words, Luo Zheng's heart slightly jumped. Sure enough, Heartless Monk recognized the ancient jade in his hand. This ancient jade must have come from the Divine Kingdom. Moreover, there were more in the Divine Kingdom!
"What is this ancient jade? Where did you get it? Are there more in the four Divine Kingdoms? "This was what Luo Zheng cared about the most. Therefore, he asked in one breath.
Unexpectedly, Heartless Monk sneered. "Although I don't know where you got it, I don't need to tell you."
Luo Zheng's eyes flashed. With a smile on his face, he said politely, "Please tell me, okay?"
"In the Divine Kingdom, this is not a great secret. However, it's meaningless to tell a dying man," Heartless Monk said coldly.
"No." Luo Zheng suddenly shook his finger and smiled. "It's very meaningful!"
Star Sword Venerable frowned. He was much more cautious than Heartless Monk. Seeing Luo Zheng's calm expression and tone, he felt that something was wrong. Therefore, he asked, "What's the meaning?"
Luo Zheng smiled proudly. The expression on his face was very pure, but also very cruel. "Among the six of you, I'll spare the life of whoever tells me first!"
Luo Zheng's sudden words stunned the six warriors of the Divine Kingdom of Yu the Great. For a moment, they all doubted their ears.
Heartless Monk's face revealed an expression of not knowing whether to laugh or cry. "What? Do you want to say it again? "
A little guy in the False Tribulation Realm said such words to a group of Life and Death Realm and Divine Sea Realm warriors. For a moment, they felt that there was something wrong with Luo Zheng's head.
"I'll say it again. I'll spare the life of whoever tells me the secret of this ancient jade first." Luo Zheng repeated and then added, "You can answer first!"
The Heartless Monk chuckled. "It's really the wrong choice to waste time with you. Xingjian, your Heavenly Astral Soul Search Technique can search through that guy's mind to the greatest extent. I'll capture him, and you can search his soul!"
Heartless Monk knew the secret in Luo Zheng's mind. At the same time, he also knew that the soul of the real dragon was not so easy to deal with. Last time, a soul that entered Luo Zheng's mind was destroyed. However, that soul was strengthened by the Spirit Goblet and was not weaker than his own soul.
Therefore, Heartless Monk did not dare to enter Luo Zheng's mind casually. If his soul was swallowed by the real dragon, the loss would outweigh the gain!
However, the Star-Sword Esteemed Being had been practicing a secret art of the soul, which happened to be able to overcome this situation. It was also the reason why the Heartless Monk brought the Star-Sword Esteemed Being here. Otherwise, no matter how close the Heartless Monk was to the Star-Sword Esteemed Being, how could he share such a secret with him?
Seeing that Heartless Monk was about to take action, Luo Zheng showed a regretful expression.

Chapter 752
The speed of a Divine Ocean Realm warrior was unimaginable.
Even a Divine Ocean Realm warrior would have a hard time killing another Divine Ocean Realm warrior who was running away at full speed.
In order to prevent these warriors from escaping, hundreds of warriors from the Sea God Continent were hiding in the surroundings. They even used the secret treasure of the Night Demon Clan, the Jade Tree, to cover their presence.
The Jade Tree was a special secret treasure of the Night Demon Clan. As long as the tree was planted, it would grow into a small tree that was as tall as a human in three days. These small trees could blend in with other trees and didn't look out of place. As long as one stood under the Jade Tree, he or she would be able to cover his or her presence.
However, the Jade Tree could only be used for ambush, not for escape. After all, three days of growth was too slow. Of course, it wouldn't be useful when escaping.
As soon as Luo Zheng finished speaking, hundreds of powerful auras were suddenly released. These auras instantly enveloped Heartless Monk, Star Sword Venerable Master, and the other experts of the Yu Divine Kingdom.
The six Divine Sea Realm Almighties of the Night Monster Clan and Situ Haotian of the Purple Heart Sacred Land also released their own domains.
Only those who had reached the Divine Ocean Realm could have their own Domains!
Everyone's Domains were different, but they were mostly based on the elemental cultivation method they practiced.
These domains overlapped with each other and shrouded Heartless Monk and Star Sword Venerable!
Heartless Monk and Xingjian Venerable didn't expect this to happen.
Nine Divine Ocean Realm warriors …
Even in the four Divine Kingdoms, mighty figures in the Divine Sea Realm were not as common as cabbages. Heartless Monk and Xingjian Esteemed Master both held important positions in the Divine Kingdom of Yu the Great. Even the Saintess of the Divine Kingdom of Yu the Great could not order them around.
Reaching the Divine Ocean Realm was equivalent to transcending the mortal world and becoming an immortal.
If it weren't for the abnormal changes in this world, they would have been able to ascend and become immortals long ago.
The Heartless Monk knew the strength of the warriors in the Central Domain very well. A Life and Death Realm warrior could stir up a storm on this continent. In fact, the Heartless Monk could defeat all the warriors in the Tianbei Domain by himself. If it were not for the fact that he was afraid of the real dragon in Luo Zheng's mind, the Heartless Monk would not have brought the Xingjian Esteemed Master with him!
In the eyes of the four Divine Kingdoms' martial artists, this North Heaven Region was as safe as their own backyard.
From the moment they set foot on this land, they had the power to decide the life and death of all the cultivators on this land.
But how could they have known that they would run into so many Spirit Sea Realm warriors here?
For a moment, Heartless Monk and Star Sword Esteemed Cultivator were both in a daze. A Life and Death Realm expert from Yu the Great's Divine Kingdom even rubbed his eyes, wondering if he had seen through it. How could such an unimaginable thing happen?
With the resources in the Central Domain, even one or two Spirit Sea Realm warriors could barely be cultivated. Suddenly, so many of them appeared out of nowhere. The Heartless Monk really wondered if he was still in a dream.
Led by Situ Haotian, the Spirit Sea Realm warriors from the Sea God Continent tightly surrounded the six people from Yu the Great's Divine Kingdom. But none of them said a word. Only Luo Zheng said with a faint smile, "Last chance. Where did you get this ancient jade?"
As Luo Zheng spoke, he raised the ancient jade in his hand again and asked.
The Xingjian Esteemed Cultivator and the Heartless Monk were thinking about how to get out of the encirclement of these powerful warriors. How could they have the mood to answer Luo Zheng's question?
However, although the Xingjian Esteemed Cultivator and the Heartless Monk were unwilling to answer Luo Zheng's question, the Life and Death Realm warriors behind them did not think so.
Spirit Sea Realm warriors could fight against each other. In a battle of this level, the Life and Death Realm warriors could only be cannon fodder.
One of the Life and Death Realm warriors thought quickly and answered immediately, "I know. This is the Origin Stone of Life! It was dug out from the Feather Emperor's Secret Realm! "
"Feather Emperor's Secret Realm?" Luo Zheng raised his eyebrows. Staring at the Life and Death Realm warrior, he continued to ask, "Is the Feather Emperor's Secret Realm in the four Divine Kingdoms?"
The Life and Death Realm warrior suddenly answered. The Xingjian Esteemed Cultivator and the Heartless Monk turned around and glared at him. The Heartless Monk even sneered, "Do you think he will let you go if you tell him?"
A hint of fear appeared on the Life and Death Realm warrior's face. However, his survival instinct still prevailed. No matter what, it was a chance for him to survive. He continued to say to Luo Zheng, "The Feather Emperor's Secret Realm is in the center of the four Divine Kingdoms, in the Heavenly Feather Holy Sea!"
The Feather Emperor's Secret Realm, the Heavenly Feather Holy Sea …
It seemed that the Origin Stone of Life was quite famous in the four Divine Kingdoms. There should be a lot of them.
Luo Zheng could go to the four Divine Kingdoms and check for this information. Right now, Luo Zheng was only making a preliminary confirmation. If these ancient jades were unknown in the four Divine Kingdoms and were extremely rare and hard to find in the Divine Kingdoms, Luo Zheng could choose other options.
For example, Luo Zheng could choose to enter the Rising Dragon Platform to ascend to the True Dragon World.
With his current strength, he was still far from being qualified to ascend to the Upper World. However, for Ning Yudie, Luo Zheng would risk his life to get to the Upper World.
After pondering for a while, Luo Zheng smiled faintly and said to the Heartless Monk, "You are right. He has answered my question. Of course, I will let him go! Everyone, let's do it. Just leave that one alive! "
When the other Life and Death Realm warriors heard Luo Zheng's words, their hearts skipped a beat. A hint of regret appeared on their faces. The Origin Stone of Life was not a secret in the four Divine Kingdoms. It was just that ordinary warriors had no chance to come in contact with it. If they had known, they would have … answered first.
But it was too late to regret now. After cultivating to this level, which one of them was not a decisive person? No one would choose to wait for death. Under Luo Zheng's order, everyone took action at the same time!
Both the Heartless Monk and the Star Sword Master released their Domains in an instant. Among them, the Heartless Monk shrouded Luo Zheng in his Domains. Then, in a flash, he charged at Luo Zheng!
The Heartless Monk was also suspicious. How could Luo Zheng, a warrior in the middle stage of the False Tribulation Realm, command these Life and Death Realm and Divine Sea Realm warriors? But he also understood that no matter what the truth was, if he wanted a chance to survive, he had to threaten Luo Zheng!
Therefore, after taking action, the Heartless Monk directly charged toward Luo Zheng.
Facing a Divine Sea Realm warrior, Luo Zheng had no choice but to retreat. With his current strength, he might be on par with a Life and Death Realm warrior of the fourth or even the fifth stage. In other words, he was a Life and Death Realm warrior who had gone through four or five Life and Death Tribulations.
He was still far from being a match for a Divine Sea Realm warrior.
As soon as Luo Zheng retreated, a figure appeared in front of Luo Zheng. That person had an immortal-like appearance. It was Situ Haotian.
Since they were helping Luo Zheng fight against a powerful enemy, how could they not have taken precautions?
Situ Haotian smiled faintly at the Heartless Master. "You should be my opponent."
The Heartless Monk gritted his teeth. A hint of ruthlessness flashed in his eyes. He clapped his hands, and a brown light swept out with him as the center!
A battle between Divine Sea Realm warriors was much more terrifying than a battle between Life and Death Realm warriors.
As a matter of fact, all the Life and Death Realm warriors here were just there for fun. Once they were dragged into the realm of a Divine Sea Realm warrior, they would end up in a miserable state. Therefore, those Life and Death Realm warriors kept a distance from each other and didn't make any moves.
As the brown light of the Heartless Monk spread out, he coldly roared, "Bewitching Realm!"
The brown light spread out in all directions at a visible speed!
All the warriors who were enveloped by the "Bewitching Realm" immediately felt their hearts beating wildly. They seemed to have fallen into some kind of frenzy and wanted to attack the warrior closest to them.
The Bewitching Realm of the Heartless Monk was also a very powerful Realm.
All the warriors who were drawn into the Bewitching Realm would lose their minds. Then, they would go berserk and attack the warrior closest to them!
If the Heartless Monk was given enough time to use this Bewitching Realm and cover the entire Tianqi City, in less than an hour, all the warriors in the city would kill each other!
However, today, the Heartless Monk was facing many Divine Sea Realm warriors! The minds of Divine Sea Realm warriors were firm. How could they lose their minds so easily?

Chapter 753
Many Divine Sea Realm warriors only felt their hearts beating wildly, but they returned to normal in the blink of an eye.
Divine Sea Realm warriors had a different way of fighting compared to ordinary warriors. First, they would suppress and cancel each other out with their Domains. Then, they would clash with their True Essence and physical body.
Domains had a great influence on a warrior's strength, and each warrior's Domain was different.
Some warriors' Domains were overbearing and could even be described as shameless. Some warriors' Domains only had some auxiliary effects.
For example, Heartless Monk's "Confusion Domain" could disturb his opponent's state of mind. If he were to fight against a Divine Sea Realm warrior alone, he could change his opponent's state of mind. In a short period of time, he could make his opponent extremely irritable and unable to exert his strength steadily.
But now, the nine Spirit Sea Realm cultivators were in Heartless Monk's domain. These nine Spirit Sea Realm cultivators were sharing the pressure of Heartless Monk's Confusion Domain. Naturally, they weren't much of a threat to them.
Inside Heartless Monk's Domain, Situ Haotian waved his hands gently. Streaks of colors spread out like spirals. After those spirals circled around Situ Haotian several times, they suddenly flashed with dazzling lights. At this moment, Situ Haotian looked like a small sun. Everyone was blinded by the dazzling light.
"Confusion Domain … interesting, but it's still too weak, haha!"
Situ Haotian's voice came out from the light. His words contained a domineering confidence!
Although the human race's Purple Heart Holy Land was ranked at the bottom of the Sea God Continent, it didn't mean that the top warriors of the human race were weak. If they were weak, the Purple Heart Holy Land would have been destroyed long ago and the human race would have been removed from the Sea God Continent.
The reason why the human race could survive until now was because of these three top Divine Sea Realm warriors!
Situ Haotian's strength might not be as good as Liu Yu or the leader of the Twin Devil Holy Land, but his individual strength could definitely be ranked in the top 10 of the Sea God Continent!
"Mind Splitting Domain!"
The Domain of the Divine Sea Realm was to use one's own strength to carve out their own territory. With their own strength, they could change the rules of the Domain within a limited range!
This was also the so-called "competition" for territory with the Heavens.
Of course, the Divine Sea Realm's Domain had a limited range and the rules it could change were relatively limited as well.
If the influence of this domain could encompass the entire universe and the rules could be changed at will, then this person would be equivalent to the Heavenly Dao.
Situ Haotian's Divine Clone Domain was able to create countless divine clones within the range of light!
When the light shone out, countless Situ Haotian's appeared. At a glance, it looked like an army of Situ Haotian's!
After tens of thousands of Divine Clones appeared, they surrounded Heartless Lord and attacked him.
The Heartless Monk was shocked when he saw the aggressive Divine Clones rushing toward him. He patted his head, and an eye condensed on top of his head. Just by looking at the eye, it gave people a suffocating feeling.
"Heart Fire Evil Eye! Destroy, destroy, destroy! "
"Hualala …"
Wisps of colorful flames shot out. This Evil Eye was an object with a great origin. Normally, the Heartless Monk wouldn't use it to deal with the enemy. However, now was the most critical moment for the Heartless Monk, so how could he hesitate?
The flames were really powerful. The sea of flames seemed to be able to restrain the Divine Clones created by Situ Haotian. As the flames swept over, the thousands of Divine Clones were burned clean!
"Not bad, but unfortunately … it's still far from enough." Situ Haotian was certain that he could defeat the Heartless Monk. Since he had personally come to the Central Domain under Luo Zheng's invitation, how could he not show off his skills?
In the domain of the Divine Clones, Situ Haotian was an invincible existence. Unless there was a powerhouse that could kill all of the Divine Clones at the same time, only then could Situ Haotian's true body be forced out. The indifferent Master Heartless was clearly unable to do this!
A steady stream of Divine Clones rushed towards the Heartless Monk. All of the Situ Haotian clones had faint smiles on their faces. Then, they gently pinched their fingers together and an invisible aura spread out.
At this moment, Situ Haotian was like an ancient Holy Emperor, exuding an aura of supremacy between the heavens and the earth!
"Imperial Heavenly Calamity Destroying Finger!"
Only those at the Divine Sea realm could call themselves Emperors!
However, in the general sense, Battle Emperors and Battle Emperors only existed within the four Divine Kingdoms.
The Sea God Continent was a Holy Land and didn't have the tradition of calling themselves Emperors. But, this didn't mean that they didn't have the momentum to call themselves Emperors!
Tens of thousands of Situ Haotian clones suddenly erupted with an aura that seemed capable of extinguishing all life in the world as they shot towards the Heartless Monk. Every Divine Clone had a thousandth of the strength of Situ Haotian's true body. With these tens of thousands of Divine Clones shooting out, it was the same as multiplying Situ Haotian's strength by ten times!
In other words, within Situ Haotian's Domain, one had to deal with the simultaneous attack of 10 Situ Haotians. Such a powerful force was almost unimaginable!
Luo Zheng stood atop the city walls of Apocalypse City, watching this scene with shining eyes. To be able to observe a battle between Divine Sea realm powerhouses was a heaven-sent opportunity for Luo Zheng.
Was this the power of a Domain?
Luo Zheng was lost in thought …
If he could step into the Divine Sea realm in the future and give birth to a Domain, what kind of effect would it have? Would it be able to compare with Situ Haotian's Domain?
For Luo Zheng, this was a learning opportunity. For the many martial artists in Apocalypse City, wasn't it also a learning opportunity?
When Divine Sea realm powerhouses fought, it was possible that the aftershocks would spread far and wide. Although there were other Divine Sea realm powerhouses guarding the area, if they didn't control it well, a huge wave of aura would come out and evaporate the entire Apocalypse City …
However, the martial artists of the Merchant Union still braved the great danger to observe the battle in the sky.
This was a battle that they wouldn't be able to see in their entire lives!
Many martial artists watched this scene, their minds constantly trembling. Some martial artists whose hearts of martial arts weren't stable enough even began to resist. They believed that they wouldn't be able to reach such heights in their lifetime and felt a sense of defeat.
As for some martial artists with a positive mindset, their eyes shined. They hoped that one day they could break through life and death, enter the Divine Sea realm, and obtain such a powerful strength!
This was the effect of a heart of martial arts. It could make a positive person even more positive!
"Bang!"
Another small sun appeared in the sky. At the same time, there was a loud explosion. The sound was dull and distant, spreading out for thousands of miles.
As the light gradually dissipated, a small boy appeared again. The moment the Heavenly Calamity Destroying Finger arrived, the Heartless Monk hid in a small turtle shell.
The turtle shell was emerald green, as if it were made from a large piece of jade. It was extraordinarily beautiful.
However, this turtle shell was able to withstand a massive portion of Situ Haotian's attack. Even so, the Heartless Monk within the turtle shell was still in a distressed state. An unhealthy red color appeared on his face; it was clear that his injuries weren't light.
Situ Haotian was surprised to see the Heartless Monk withstand his strike. The strength of the Central Domain was far inferior to that of the Sea God Continent. But, the inheritances of this Divine Kingdom should be even stronger than those of the Sea God Continent!
If it weren't for this, the Heartless Monk would have been annihilated by Situ Haotian's strike.
"Humph! Today, there will be a victor between us!" The Heartless Monk clenched his teeth and said to Situ Haotian.
"With me?" Situ Haotian faintly smiled, "It should be with us!"
This Heartless Monk actually wanted to fight Situ Haotian one on one. Although Situ Haotian had full confidence that he could defeat this person, it was still difficult for a Divine Sea realm Supreme Elder to kill him in a one on one fight. Situ Haotian didn't want to let this Heartless Monk escape …
Thus, as soon as Situ Haotian's voice fell, the other Divine Sea realm Supreme Elders also released their domains, covering the Heartless Monk.
Seeing this, the Heartless Monk's heart sank. It was over …
He had set out from the Great Yu Divine Kingdom and crossed the Chaotic Astral Sea. Just how high-spirited had he been at that time? How could he have imagined that the Central Domain would become the place where he would fall?
All the Divine Sea realm Supreme Elders attacked at the same time. All sorts of domains covered each other, firmly trapping the Heartless Monk and the Star Sword Esteemed Master. For a time, there were continuous explosions in the sky that made one's heart tremble.
The two dignified Divine Sea realm Supreme Elders of the Great Yu Divine Kingdom were finally beaten to death by nine people from the Sea God Continent. Shi Kefan and the others, who were watching the battle from Heavenly Awakening City, couldn't help but shake their heads. It was a bit pitiful for these people to fall like this …
＝＝＝＝＝

Chapter 754
Shi Kefan naturally didn't pity Heartless Monk. It was just that Divine Sea Realm experts were born from tens of millions or even hundreds of millions of warriors. They needed countless resources and time to cultivate to the Divine Sea Realm. However, it only took a short time for them to die, which naturally made people sigh.
This was the world of warriors. Even if you stepped into the Divine Sea Realm and called yourself an emperor, you still couldn't escape the fate of being killed.
In fact, it was very difficult to kill a Divine Sea Realm expert. Even in the four Divine Kingdoms, the death of a Divine Sea Realm expert was an earth-shattering event.
This time, Heartless Monk and Star Sword Master were too careless. They were tightly surrounded by nine Divine Sea Realm experts and had no way to escape, which was why they ended up in such a miserable state.
This battle only lasted for a few incense sticks' worth of time before it returned to silence.
With his hands behind his back, Luo Zheng slowly floated towards the sky and arrived in front of the last Life and Death Realm expert.
This Life and Death Realm expert answered Luo Zheng's question, but Situ Haotian and the others spared his life.
Luo Zheng gazed at this person's face indifferently. This person was an expert who had passed five Life and Death Tribulations and was even stronger than Cui Xie. However, facing Luo Zheng, who was in the middle stage of the False Tribulation Realm, his face revealed a trace of fear.
Luo Zheng certainly knew that this person wasn't afraid of him, but of the people behind him.
"You, you promised not to kill me …" The Life and Death Realm expert stammered.
Luo Zheng nodded and then said with a smile, "I did promise not to kill you, but I can't leave you in the Central Domain, and I can't let you go back to the Great Yu Divine Kingdom. You … think of a way?"
"This!" The Life and Death Realm expert's face froze. Wasn't this bullying? He originally intended to say this, but in the current situation, so what if Luo Zheng bullied him? Killing him was just a matter of a thought. After all, Luo Zheng didn't swear on his heart of martial arts.
After thinking for a while, the Life and Death Realm expert shook his head, "I can't think of a way!"
But at this time, behind Luo Zheng, Situ Haotian faintly smiled. "Isn't that simple? Can't you just cripple your own cultivation? "This suggestion was simple yet cruel.
A Life and Death powerhouse whose cultivation was crippled was equivalent to a dead man. There was a price to pay for fighting against the heavens. Breaking through the Life and Death Realm meant contending against the Heavenly Dao. After crippling one's cultivation, the minor heavenly tribulation wouldn't disappear!
Once the Heavenly Tribulation began, it would descend in an orderly manner according to a certain pattern. It would not fall on time, and there would be no mistakes.
It had been a hundred years since this Life and Death Realm expert had gone through his last Life and Death Calamity, and the sixth one would descend soon. He didn't have the confidence to resist the sixth Life and Death Calamity, so he followed Heartless Monk to the Central Domain. Firstly, he wanted to follow Heartless Monk to get some opportunities. Secondly, if Heartless Monk was willing to help him, his chances of surviving the next Life and Death Calamity would greatly increase.
If his cultivation was crippled, he would be nothing more than an ordinary person. How could he resist the next Life and Death Calamity?
Therefore, hearing Situ Haotian's words, the Life and Death powerhouse indignantly said, "Crippling my cultivation is no different from killing me!"
Situ Haotian coldly smiled, "This suggestion is good. Killing you is the simplest choice."
Luo Zheng's eyes flickered as he indifferently looked at the Life and Death powerhouse in front of him. As long as he said a word, Situ Haotian would take his life.
Seeing Luo Zheng's expression, the Life and Death powerhouse suddenly became anxious. His words were pleasant to hear, but who wasn't afraid of death? Moreover, he had already crossed five Life and Death Calamities. If he could survive the sixth one, he would be able to start attacking the Divine Sea realm. There was still a bright future ahead of him!
The weather wasn't hot, and a Life and Death powerhouse could remain calm even in a sea of fire. But at this time, sweat dripped down from his forehead. After thinking for a moment, the Life and Death powerhouse clenched his teeth and said, "I have a way!"
"What way?" Luo Zheng curiously asked. In Luo Zheng's view, crippling this person's cultivation was imperative. If it really didn't work, then it would be safer to kill him.
After all, Situ Haotian and the others couldn't guard the Central Domain for a long time. They had to return to the Sea God Continent. Once Situ Haotian left, who would be able to suppress this Life and Death powerhouse?
"There is a secret method in our Divine Nation! Slave Imprint! Plant a slave imprint in me! "The Life and Death powerhouse anxiously said.
"Slave Imprint?" Luo Zheng's eyes slightly moved.
"Yes, anyone who plants a slave imprint will not be able to resist the orders of their master, let alone go against their master's will. They will be completely loyal to their master. Plant a slave imprint in me, and you will be my master!" The Life and Death powerhouse hurriedly said.
"Is this slave imprint so powerful?" Luo Zheng stared at the man and said.
"Yes!" The man said with certainty.
The slave imprint mentioned by this Life and Death powerhouse was indeed extremely tyrannical. However, after being planted, one would be able to retain their own thoughts, and would only obey their master unconditionally.
No martial artist would be willing to have a slave imprint planted in them. Some arrogant martial artists would rather die than have a slave imprint planted in them. Which Life and Death Realm martial artist would like to be treated like a slave and ordered around by others?
However, this Life and Death powerhouse was afraid of death. If his cultivation was crippled, he would die. Even if he was killed on the spot, he would still die. After being planted with a slave imprint, he would still be able to live.
Moreover, in the future, perhaps Luo Zheng would take pity on him and release his slave imprint?
Therefore, in a moment of desperation, this Life and Death powerhouse came up with such a method.
"You said that this slave imprint is so mysterious. How do you plant it?" Luo Zheng asked.
The Life and Death powerhouse hurriedly took out a small brown stone tablet from his spatial ring. On this stone tablet, there was an incomparably exquisite rune.
When Luo Zheng saw this rune, his eyebrows suddenly twitched. This was … a divine rune?
At this time, Qinglong's voice sounded, "Yes, this is a divine rune."
"Why haven't I seen this divine rune before?" Luo Zheng asked suspiciously.
While Luo Zheng was cultivating, he didn't stop studying the divine runes. Although he couldn't draw all of the divine runes that Qinglong passed to him, Luo Zheng had already firmly memorized the principles and shapes of each divine rune.
Luo Zheng had never seen this divine rune before.
The Azure Dragon smiled faintly, "It's normal that you haven't seen it before. Divine Inscriptions don't belong to my Dragon Clan. The Divine Inscriptions I imparted to you are all inherited from the True Dragon Clan. The Divine Inscription in his hand is an inheritance from the Human Clan. Speaking of which, only the Human Clan would be able to develop such Divine Inscriptions and enslave others.
Qinglong was an expert in the Dao of Divine Runes, and seemed to be somewhat disdainful of this kind of divine rune.
"Are you sure?" Luo Zheng asked Qinglong again. Soon, he would definitely set foot in the four Divine Nations. If he had a Life and Death powerhouse as his guide, it would save him a lot of time and effort.
But if he was deceived by this guy, once Situ Haotian and the others left, wouldn't the Central Domain be turned upside down by him? Luo Zheng didn't want this kind of thing to happen.
Qinglong nodded with certainty, "This is a very common slave imprint. After enslaving someone, they can't resist. However, there's a strict requirement. Your soul must be stronger than the other person's. If your soul is weaker than the other person's, you'll suffer a backlash from the slave imprint."
"I understand." Luo Zheng was very confident in his own soul.
Even Heartless Monk's soul was only at the Battle Soul Realm. The soul of this Life and Death powerhouse couldn't be stronger than his own.
Therefore, Luo Zheng said to the Life and Death powerhouse, "Since it's like this, I can enslave you."
At this time, the Life and Death expert's face revealed a trace of reluctance. However, even though he was reluctant, he had no choice but to throw the brown stone tablet to Luo Zheng.
Luo Zheng stroked the divine rune and immediately poured Zhen Yuan into it, instantly activating the slave imprint. Then, he threw the slave imprint at the other person.
The imprint instantly stuck to the Life and Death powerhouse's forehead and bloomed with a little light. When the light on his forehead completely disappeared, his eyes suddenly became lifeless. At the same time, he nodded to Luo Zheng and said, "My master, what are your orders?"

Chapter 755
Hearing Luo Zheng's words, a look of admiration appeared on the faces of Situ Haotian and the others. Of course, they knew that Luo Zheng wouldn't let the other party commit suicide, but this was the most effective test.
Hearing Luo Zheng's words, the Life and Death Realm expert's eyes gradually regained clarity, and he looked like a normal person. But under Luo Zheng's command, he suddenly stretched out his hand and condensed green Zhen Yuan. This Zhen Yuan condensed into sharp thorns and was about to hit his head.
If his hand hit his head, he would definitely die.
At this critical moment, Luo Zheng lightly ordered, "Stop!"
Hearing Luo Zheng's order, the Life and Death Realm expert's raised hand froze in the air. He looked at Luo Zheng with an inquiring gaze, as if waiting for Luo Zheng to give an order.
"Okay, you don't have to commit suicide. Tell me your name," Luo Zheng asked.
The Life and Death Realm expert nodded and replied, "My name is Cao Junfeng."
"Very good, follow me," Luo Zheng said, then flew down without looking back. Cao Junfeng nodded and followed closely behind Luo Zheng.
This slave imprint was very special. After being enslaved, he didn't lose himself and become a puppet. He still had his own consciousness. As long as he wasn't affected by Luo Zheng's orders, Cao Junfeng would still be like a normal person. Others wouldn't be able to see any clues.
It's just that he couldn't disobey Luo Zheng's orders.
In less than an hour, the biggest crisis in the history of the Central Domain was easily resolved.
Shi Kefan and the others felt a weight lifted off their shoulders.
However, they didn't have anything to worry about. From the moment Situ Haotian led this group of experts to the Central Domain, the fate of these people had already been decided.
In fact, Shi Kefan and the others knew that Luo Zheng had become the de facto leader of the Central Domain. Even if he didn't have the ambition to establish a Divine Nation, this fact had to be acknowledged.
Not to mention these hundreds of super experts, just Luo Zheng's strength alone was enough to make him undefeatable in the Central Domain.
This point was clear to all the cultivators in the Central Domain.
At the same time, they also felt lucky that Luo Zheng didn't have the ambition to unify the Central Domain. If Luo Zheng wanted to establish a Divine Nation, who would dare to disobey him?
But what they didn't know was that Luo Zheng wasn't without ambition. in fact, Luo Zheng's ambition was greater than anyone in the Central Domain. his goal wasn't limited to the Great world. He knew that his future lay was's' future!
However, this goal was only quietly in his heart.
After dealing with the martial artists of Yu Da Divine Kingdom, Situ Haotian and the other experts didn't seem to be in a hurry to return to the Sea God Continent.
Whether it was Situ Haotian or the cultivators of the Night Demon Clan, they were truly infatuated with the various delicacies and culture of Apocalypse City. With Liu Yu overseeing the Sea God Continent, it was rare for these powerhouses to enjoy such peace. This time, they naturally had to seize this opportunity.
However, Luo Zheng couldn't wait any longer. He didn't know how long Ning Yudie could last, but the sooner they set off, the more hope there would be. Therefore, Luo Zheng had already set a date for his trip to the four Divine Nations. The time was set to be seven days later.
When Situ Haotian heard Luo Zheng's plan, he originally wanted to send several powerhouses to follow Luo Zheng to the four Divine Nations.
However, Luo Zheng refused.
The four Divine Nations should be a continent even more powerful than the Sea God Continent. There were countless powerhouses there.
Leading a group of powerhouses to the four Divine Nations would only lead to greater trouble. This wasn't the result that Luo Zheng wanted to see. Right now, he only wanted to obtain enough Origin Life Stones to save Ning Yudie. As for fighting against the four Divine Nations? There wasn't any great enmity between him and the four Divine Nations. He would only do such a thing if he had nothing better to do.
Since Luo Zheng insisted on refusing, Situ Haotian and the others didn't propose any further. They decided to follow Luo Zheng back to the Sea God Continent.
Luo Zheng didn't send Ning Yudie back to the Cloud Hall. Although the Cloud Hall was safe, there were still some families that were ready to cause trouble. Now that Luo Zheng was in the Central Domain, he could still suppress them. No one dared to act rashly. However, if Luo Zheng left the Central Domain, it would be hard to say what would happen after a long time. People's greed always grew with the passage of time.
In contrast, Shi Kefan and the others didn't have any conflicts with Ning Yudie. With the current situation in the Central Domain, protecting Ning Yudie was more than enough.
Seven days later, in the Heavenly Hall.
Xi Youqin gently leaned against Luo Zheng's back. Her face was full of reluctance.
During this time, Xi Youqin also stayed with Luo Zheng in the Heavenly Hall. She watched as Luo Zheng looked at Ning Yudie and sighed. In her heart, she was jealous of Ning Yudie, but at the same time, she also felt sorry for Luo Zheng.
Unfortunately, she was powerless to change this. She could only accept that this man was about to go on an adventure for another woman …
The powerhouses in the Divine Nations were more than a hundred times stronger than those in the Central Domain.
Even Xi Youqin, who didn't care much about martial arts, was well aware of how dangerous Luo Zheng's trip was.
"Luo Zheng, can I go with you?" Xi Youqin said softly. She tried to make her voice as gentle as possible. Perhaps this way, Luo Zheng would be more likely to agree.
During this time, apart from serving Luo Zheng, Xi Youqin often went to the Extreme Purple Realm to cultivate. She didn't like to cultivate. This kind of boring cultivation was a kind of torture for her, but she was very clear about her potential.
As long as Xi Youqin cultivated to a certain level and paid a certain price, she would be able to communicate with the True Spirit.
The True Spirits in the Extreme Purple Realm all had the ability to destroy the world. If Luo Zheng encountered danger in the four Divine Nations, she could at least help him!
"No." Luo Zheng resolutely refused without hesitation.
Xi Youqin had probably expected Luo Zheng's refusal. She didn't look angry at all. Instead, she continued to say in an incomparably soft voice, "Just promise me this time, okay?"
Luo Zheng exhaled. He turned his head and looked at Xi Youqin. He reached out and gently touched her soft face. He smiled and said, "Except this time!"
Xi Youqin curled her lips and muttered unwillingly, "I don't know when the next time will be …"
"It won't be long." Luo Zheng could only comfort her.
Facing Xi Youqin, Luo Zheng now felt a faint affection for her. This woman might not be as quick-witted as Ning Yudie or as quick-witted as Xun. In the beginning, she was even very depressed and disgusting. However, after her personality changed, she was very lovable.
Xi Youqin's eyes were a little dim. She lowered her head and seemed to be thinking about something. After a while, she seemed to have thought of something. She suddenly raised her head and said with a smile, "Okay, you must promise me next time!"
"Promise you what?" Luo Zheng asked.
"No matter what I ask, you must promise me!" Xi Youqin said with a smile. Her elegant face was full of seriousness.
Seeing Xi Youqin like this, Luo Zheng's heart skipped a beat. He then nodded silently.
All the warriors in Tianqi City, whether they belonged to the World Business Alliance or not, had already walked out and looked up at the sky. Today was the day that the hundreds of warriors left.
The three Alliance Masters of the World Business Alliance naturally had to personally send them off.
However, what left everyone speechless was that Situ Haotian and the others didn't take away any valuable gifts. The several treasures that the World Business Alliance gave them were all politely declined.
After all, low-grade saint artifacts that were considered treasures in the Central Domain were only ordinary treasures in the eyes of Situ Haotian. How could they possibly take a fancy to the things that the World Business Alliance gave them?
But what made everyone smile was that Situ Haotian actually took away a lot of ingredients from the Central Domain. He even asked the World Business Alliance for several famous chefs …
These chefs were also martial artists, but their cultivations were only at the Xiantian realm. The most powerful of them were only at the Divine Illuminating Realm.
When these chefs heard that they could go to another continent and serve these Divine Sea realm masters, they naturally agreed. They had worked hard in the World Business Alliance for their entire lives, and they were only chefs. If they could serve these Divine Sea realm masters well, then as long as they were happy, they might even have a chance to make a breakthrough. For them, this was a rare opportunity.
Before Luo Zheng left, he took a deep look at Ning Yudie lying on the bed. After he left the Heavenly Palace, all the sadness and loss on his face disappeared, replaced by a resolute and resolute expression!
Then, Luo Zheng took the enslaved Cao Junfeng and joined up with Situ Haotian and the others. Then, they headed straight to the easternmost part of the Central Domain.

Chapter 756
The news of Luo Zheng quietly leaving the Central Domain was strictly controlled by the World Business Alliance.
Now, as long as the martial artists in the entire Central Region had a clear mind, they would understand that the General Commerce Alliance had firmly taken over the position of the Central Region's overlord, and the General Commerce Alliance now followed Luo Zheng's lead.
In fact, after Luo Zheng defeated Cui Xie, this situation had already taken shape. The other Fourth-Grade Sects had learned to collectively keep quiet, because they didn't have the courage and strength to compete with the World Business Alliance.
After Luo Zheng led a group of super experts out of nowhere and easily killed the experts of the Divine Kingdoms, the Blood Wood Cliff, Mysterious Yin Mansion, Black Mountain Sect, and other Fourth-Grade Sects could only choose to bow their heads. They were even more fortunate that Luo Zheng didn't intend to establish a Divine Kingdom.
If he really intended to establish a Divine Kingdom, incorporate all the Sects, and combine the influence of the Cloud Hall and the World Business Alliance, who in the Central Domain could resist?
In any case, Luo Zheng's influence had become a signboard in the Central Domain, which was why the World Business Alliance kept Luo Zheng's whereabouts secret. As long as he was here, he would be a considerable deterrent to the Divine Kingdom of Yu the Great.
Shi Kefan and the others certainly believed that if the Divine Kingdom of Yu the Great came out in full force, even Luo Zheng wouldn't be able to resist.
However, the four Divine Kingdoms weren't necessarily monolithic. Of course, they wouldn't go through so much trouble for a small Central Domain.
In the sky above the Chaotic Astral Sea, two escape lights shot straight to the east. After bidding farewell to Situ Haotian, Luo Zheng and the warrior named Cao Junfeng traveled together across the Chaotic Astral Sea!
The storms in the Chaotic Astral Sea would stop for about three to six months. Luo Zheng wanted to take advantage of this period to rush all the way across.
During this time, Luo Zheng roughly understood the situation of the Divine Kingdom of Yu the Great and the other three Divine Kingdoms through Cao Junfeng.
It was completely different from the situation in the Central Domain. Everything on this continent was controlled by the four Divine Kingdoms, and there were no Sects of any kind.
Establishing a Sect was tantamount to establishing one's own force, and a Divine Kingdom absolutely wouldn't allow such a situation to exist, because once a Sect slowly rose, it would fight against the Divine Kingdom, and a new Divine Kingdom might even be born.
Therefore, after three of the seven Divine Kingdoms were destroyed, the structure of the four Divine Kingdoms had been extended from ancient times to the present, and no new Divine Kingdoms had been born. It could really be considered a great unification that lasted for thousands of years.
However, martial artists needed to cultivate, and the Divine Kingdoms also needed to nurture successors and successors. Thus, within the Divine Kingdoms, there was another type of sect that existed, and that was the Martial House.
Whether it was the Divine Kingdom of Yu the Great or the other Divine Kingdoms, there were all kinds of Martial Houses. These Martial Houses were similar to the Sects of the Central Domain, but all the Martial Houses were controlled by the Divine Kingdoms. Large and small Martial Houses had become the cultivation holy lands of the Divine Kingdoms. If one wanted to cultivate, obtain more resources, and become more powerful, they had to join a Martial House.
"If you want to enter the Heavenly Feather Sacred Sea, I'm afraid you have to join a Martial House," Cao Junfeng suggested as the two of them flew over the Chaotic Astral Sea.
"Why?" Luo Zheng's face showed a strange expression, and he immediately asked.
Cao Junfeng directly replied, "The Heavenly Feather Sacred Sea is a land of miracles. For so many years, it has been monopolized by the four Divine Kingdoms. No independent cultivator is qualified to enter, let alone enter to mine Life Source Stones."
Luo Zheng's eyebrows rose slightly, and he asked with even more confusion, "Since the Heavenly Feather Sacred Sea is a sea, it should be incomparably vast. How can the four Divine Kingdoms guard this sea?"
"You don't know. Although the Heavenly Feather Sacred Sea is a sea, it is in fact just an inland lake. It is a relatively large lake. In order to monopolize the many Secret Territories in the Heavenly Feather Sacred Sea, the four Divine Kingdoms have placed a large number of troops around the Heavenly Feather Sacred Sea. Not to mention … the many fortresses and large cities of the four Divine Kingdoms are built around the Heavenly Feather Sacred Sea. About 70% of the entire Divine Kingdom's population and 90% of the powerhouses live near the sea. It is impossible to enter without permission," Cao Junfeng replied in full detail.
After being planted with the slave seal, Cao Junfeng would not deceive Luo Zheng. Luo Zheng could even perceive what Cao Junfeng was thinking in his mind. Naturally, he could tell that Cao Junfeng's words were not false.
This was a bit troublesome.
According to Luo Zheng's plan, he wanted to secretly enter the Heavenly Feather Sacred Sea. If he could excavate the Life Origin Stone in the so-called Feather Emperor Secret Territory, he could leave immediately after obtaining it. Then, he would find a chance to return to the Central Domain.
But now, it seemed that entering the Heavenly Feather Sacred Sea was a big problem.
"Does joining the Martial House guarantee that you are qualified to enter the Heavenly Feather Sacred Sea?" Luo Zheng asked again.
"Haha," Cao Junfeng smiled faintly, "Every year, the four Divine Kingdoms will send people into the Heavenly Feather Sacred Sea. There are four Secret Territories in the Heavenly Feather Sacred Sea, namely the Feather Emperor Secret Territory, the Divine Emperor Secret Territory, the Dream God Secret Territory, and the last one is the Heavenly Stellar Secret Territory."
Luo Zheng nodded slightly. For the four Divine Kingdoms to be able to develop to such an extent, each Divine Kingdom must have several almighty Divine Sea Realm cultivators. Presumably, the resources in these Secret Territories would not be lacking. They might not be worse than the Sin Tower and the Mysterious Cave in the Sea God Continent.
However, Luo Zheng was most concerned about the Feather Emperor Secret Territory. After all, the Feather Emperor Secret Territory was the goal of Luo Zheng's trip. Once he obtained enough Life Origin Stones in the Feather Emperor Secret Territory, he could return home.
Then, Cao Junfeng said, "If you want to enter the first three Secret Territories, you must join a Martial House. Moreover, it must be a Martial House of at least the fifth rank. In the four Divine Kingdoms, all the Martial Houses of the fifth rank and above will have a certain number of quotas. If you want to enter the Feather Emperor Secret Territory, you must obtain these quotas."
"How do I obtain a quota?" Luo Zheng asked again.
Cao Junfeng said directly, "Join a Martial House and become the most outstanding warrior in the Martial House!"
Luo Zheng was still somewhat conflicted about joining other Martial Houses. Just like when he went to the Evil Tower, the human race of the Purple Heart Holy Land invited him to join, but he was rejected by Luo Zheng.
Luo Zheng was a nostalgic person. Although the Cloud Hall could no longer accommodate him with his current strength, Luo Zheng was still determined to be a member of the Cloud Hall.
"Besides joining a Martial House, is there no other way?" Luo Zheng asked again.
"No, unless you can fight against those Battle Emperors and Battle Emperors of the Divine Kingdoms and kill your way into the Sky Feather Sacred Ocean …" Cao Junfeng said. Then, he looked at Luo Zheng strangely and said, "With your strength, it shouldn't be difficult for you to obtain a quota if you join a Martial House."
Before they left for the Central Domain, Cao Junfeng had heard about Luo Zheng from Master Heartless. Master Heartless had told them that a super genius had appeared in the Central Domain, and he was much stronger than those Divine Kingdoms' geniuses. He had even killed a fourth level Life and Death Realm warrior with just a Mid False Tribulation realm cultivation base.
A Divine Reflection realm warrior killing a Divine Core warrior wasn't something rare. Many Divine Realm geniuses were able to do it.
However, when a warrior cultivated, the higher the cultivation level, the greater the gap in their strength would be. Therefore, a Mid False Tribulation realm warrior killing a fourth level Life and Death Realm warrior was unbelievable.
Cao Junfeng was a Life and Death warrior, and every time he survived a Life and Death Tribulation, he would feel as if he had been reborn. Luo Zheng was able to challenge a Life and Death Realm warrior, it wasn't hard to imagine what kind of monstrous talent he had.
After giving it some thought, Luo Zheng finally let it go. Whatever, joining the other Martial Palaces was just a temporary measure. Right now, Ning Yudie's life was the most important thing.
Therefore, Luo Zheng made up his mind. After he entered the Divine Kingdom, he would first join a Martial Palace. He couldn't possibly fight those Combat Emperors and Combat Emperors all the way to the Heavenly Feather Saint Ocean …
Just as Luo Zheng was pondering, a huge whirlpool suddenly appeared on the ocean surface in front of him.
Even though the storms in the Chaotic Astral Ocean had stopped, waves as big as mountains were still rolling around in this ocean. When the whirlpool appeared, dozens of mountain-like waves immediately appeared.
"What a huge whirlpool!"
The whirlpool in this ocean of stars was about one-tenth the size of the Central Domain. Countless white bubbles were floating around the edges of the whirlpool, and the center of the whirlpool still retained its blue color. However, the bottom of the whirlpool was pitch black, as if the bottom of the whirlpool was connected to hell!
After seeing this huge whirlpool, Cao Junfeng's expression suddenly changed. He hurriedly said, "Quick, quick, fly up! Fly up to the sky!"
Although he was enslaved by Luo Zheng, he still had his own thoughts. He couldn't resist Luo Zheng's orders, but he was still afraid of death.
(First, I wish everyone a happy New Year. Thank you for the 13000 coins!!! Thank you for the 500 coins!!! Thank you for Lonely Snow and Fu Xingu!!! Although there are many things to do during the New Year, I don't need to rest! I still need to save up my manuscripts! Your support is my only and greatest source of motivation! Thank you!)
＝＝＝＝＝

Chapter 757
Through the slave imprint, Luo Zheng could feel Cao Junfeng's inner feelings. Moreover, there seemed to be a ferocious Demonic Beast coming into being. Luo Zheng's figure flashed, and he followed Cao Junfeng up into the sky.
The area of the ocean in this world was far larger than the land, and the number of Ferocious Beasts in the ocean was thousands of times more than the creatures on the land.
Humans were not the only dominators in this world. Even in the Sea God Continent, there were various kinds of intelligent races.
Under the ocean, there were all kinds of underwater races and Ferocious Beasts everywhere. The vast ocean gave these creatures more abundant resources and room for growth.
Just like when Luo Zheng had just entered the Heaven Mist Immortal Tomb, he had also encountered high-level Ferocious Beasts comparable to the Life and Death Realm. The Heaven Mist Immortal Tomb was not very far from the Central Domain …
As for the center of the Chaotic Astral Ocean, there were Ferocious Beasts comparable to the Divine Sea Realm, and even creatures more powerful than the Divine Sea Realm.
"Hua …"
Just as Luo Zheng and Cao Junfeng were flying up rapidly, a huge black shadow suddenly appeared from the bottom of the whirlpool!
With the sound of water flowing violently, Luo Zheng saw a huge creature emerge from the water and jump up into the sky!
"What is this?!" Seeing this huge creature, Luo Zheng's face revealed a trace of fear.
This Ferocious Beast was not much smaller than the "Ferocious Scorpion" in the Dark Abyss Cave!
However, Luo Zheng was now in the Chaotic Astral Ocean. Compared to the vast ocean, it was not as shocking as when he saw the Ferocious Scorpion in the Dark Abyss Cave.
However, the level of danger was not low.
"This is a Captive Aqua Beast! Its body is huge, and there are four of them in the Chaotic Astral Ocean! We have to keep going up. This thing can reach a height of hundreds of thousands of feet when it jumps! " Cao Junfeng was very reluctant to answer Luo Zheng's question. Right now, escaping was the most important thing. However, he had to answer Luo Zheng's question.
"Four of them? You even know this?" Luo Zheng's state of mind was a little calmer. He was not as frightened as Cao Junfeng. Of course, he still maintained his high speed and flew upwards.
"Of course. Everyone in the Divine Kingdom knows that the four Divine Kingdoms once joined forces with many Divine Sea Realm experts to capture the baby of the Cang Qiu Water Eye Beast in the Chaotic Astral Ocean. Later, one of the Cang Qiu Water Eye Beasts was so angry that it rushed all the way to the continent of the Divine Kingdom of Dayu. It didn't return to the ocean until it turned one-third of the territory of the Divine Kingdom of Dayu into ruins!" Cao Junfeng explained.
Hearing this, Luo Zheng was speechless.
The warriors of the four Divine Kingdoms were really crazy. A Ferocious Beast of this level was definitely not something a Divine Sea Realm warrior could fight against. They even dared to enter the Chaotic Astral Sea to capture their cubs!
However, although Cao Junfeng wasn't exaggerating when he said that the Great Yu Divine Nation had lost one-third of its territory, the Great Yu Divine Nation's losses weren't that great.
Just as Cao Junfeng had said before, the important cities of the four Divine Kingdoms were built around the Heavenly Feather Sacred Ocean in the center of the continent of the Divine Kingdoms. They were all very prosperous places around the Heavenly Feather Sacred Ocean. Each Divine Kingdom occupied one-fourth of the coastline of the Heavenly Feather Sacred Ocean.
However, the periphery of the continent of the Divine Kingdoms was basically a sparsely populated area. Even if one-third of the territory was destroyed, the loss to the Divine Kingdom of Dayu was not great.
However, this also meant that the warriors of the four Divine Kingdoms were even crazier and greedier!
Since then, whenever the Cang Qiu Water Eye Beasts found traces of humans, they would not hesitate to jump out of the water and attack.
After the huge Cang Qiu Water Eye Beast left the water completely, it rushed towards Luo Zheng and Cao Junfeng.
"Go, go! Go again! "Cao Junfeng said hurriedly.
Luo Zheng and Cao Junfeng's bodies kept rising. Soon, they broke through the clouds and flew towards the deep sky.
"This … Can that guy jump so high?" The thick clouds blocked the view below. Luo Zheng looked down and asked in a daze.
As soon as Luo Zheng's voice fell, he saw the huge monster break through the clouds and continue to chase after Luo Zheng and Cao Junfeng. Its huge body disturbed the airflow and even tore a big hole in the thick clouds!
"Good heavens! Continue to rise! "Luo Zheng did not hesitate at all.
As Luo Zheng continued to rise, he suddenly saw huge gusts of wind blowing towards them.
"It's astral winds!"
These astral winds were not colorless and invisible. Around the astral winds were inlaid golden lines. These were the astral winds in the deep sky. It was said that they could crush anything that got sucked into them!
Luo Zheng had seen these astral winds more than once.
In order to cultivate the Stellar Body, one must use the gravitational force of the stars to allow one's perception and physical strength to drift hundreds of millions of miles away. Every time Luo Zheng cultivated, he had to pass through these astral winds.
However, in the past, Luo Zheng had only used his perception to pass through. This time, however, he had used his physical body.
These astral winds could almost crush everything. Even if Luo Zheng had the body of a high-grade immortal tool, he might not be able to resist them!
Facing these huge astral winds, Luo Zheng twisted his body, drawing an astonishing arc in the air, and rapidly leaped towards the bottom of the astral winds.
Seeing this, Cao Junfeng also followed closely behind.
In fact, from Cao Junfeng's point of view, he could not wait for Luo Zheng to be killed by these astral winds. No one would bear a slave imprint and become someone else's slave. He could not even control his own life, let alone an expert of the fifth layer of the Life and Death Realm.
However, he did not dare to have such thoughts. After all, Luo Zheng controlled everything about him and had the power to take his life!
Luo Zheng's rapid change of direction allowed him to avoid the astral winds above him. At the same time, the huge Watcher Beast continued to charge upwards. The violent astral winds sliced into the Watcher Beast's back, instantly creating huge gashes!
"Roar!"
The back of the Watcher Eye Beast was suddenly badly mutilated. Blood splashed down like a huge waterfall.
The Aquarius Beast glared hatefully at Luo Zheng and Cao Junfeng with its huge eyes. Then, it lowered its head and plunged into the clouds below … …
Fortunately, this Watcher Eye Beast could not fly. It only relied on the power of one leap to rush up. If it could fly, perhaps Luo Zheng and Cao Junfeng would not be able to keep their lives.
Standing above the clouds, Luo Zheng still had a lingering fear. He glanced at Cao Junfeng beside him and said, "You four Divine Kingdoms have such a huge grudge with this Watcher Eye Beast. This huge beast actually wanted to kill people on sight …"
Cao Junfeng also touched the sweat on his forehead. He shook his head and guessed, "Maybe the cubs of this Watcher Eye Beast were stolen by those Divine Sea Realm experts."
The blood of the Watcher Eye Beast was like a waterfall, sprinkling in the sky. Many drops of blood had already merged with the clouds. In front of Luo Zheng, a huge blood-red cloud appeared. If this cloud drifted to the Central Domain or the Divine Kingdoms, it would probably rain blood.
"I think we should go above the clouds," Luo Zheng suggested.
Even though the storms in the Chaotic Astral Ocean had temporarily stopped, it was still full of dangers.
"Above the clouds? That's even more dangerous! "A trace of fear appeared on Cao Junfeng's face.
"There's also danger above the clouds?" Luo Zheng's eyes twitched.
Just as Luo Zheng finished speaking, a bitter smile appeared on Cao Junfeng's face. "Say it's dangerous and it's here. Let's go. It's safer for us to stay below the clouds."
At this moment, in the distance of the boundless sea of clouds, several erratic black shadows flew towards them. Although they looked very vague, they could still recognize that they were huge vicious birds.
Although they didn't know the strength of these vicious birds, they knew they couldn't fight against them.
The two of them stopped talking and plunged into the sea of clouds. They returned to the bottom of the Chaotic Astral Ocean and continued to fly towards the Divine Kingdom continent …
Above the huge waves of the Chaotic Astral Ocean, there was a large patch of dark red blood. Needless to say, it must have been left behind by the Watcher Eye Beast.
On the way, Luo Zheng also encountered many dangers.
For example, on the surface of the ocean, there were several reefs covered in dense fog. From those reefs came an incomparably beautiful song. That song seemed to be able to touch people's souls, making people unable to help but approach it.
Luo Zheng and Cao Junfeng almost fell for it. When Luo Zheng and Cao Junfeng got close to those reefs and saw several rugged black shadows faintly standing on the reefs, Luo Zheng was awakened by the Qinglong in his mind. Although he didn't know what those terrifying black shadows were, Luo Zheng also knew that once he got close to them, he would definitely die.
However, Cao Junfeng still wanted to rush in with a smile on his face.
At this time, Luo Zheng could only use the slave seal to force Cao Junfeng to follow him. Only then could he drag him back from the gates of hell …

Chapter 758
The continent before Luo Zheng's eyes was vast and boundless. He couldn't determine the size of this Divine Kingdom's continent.
However, Luo Zheng estimated that this continent of the four Divine Kingdoms should be much larger than the Sea God Continent and the Central Domain.
"Which Divine Kingdom's territory is this?" Luo Zheng asked.
Cao Junfeng nodded slightly and replied, "Crossing the Chaotic Astral Ocean from the Central Domain, one part of the Chaotic Astral Ocean is the Li Huo Divine Kingdom, and the other part is my Yu Da Divine Kingdom. This region should be the territory of the Li Huo Divine Kingdom. Which Divine Kingdom does Master want to enter?"
"I choose the Li Huo Divine Kingdom!"
Luo Zheng didn't intend to cultivate and develop in a Divine Kingdom. His goal was very clear, to obtain the Origin Stone of Life.
Since Luo Zheng couldn't enter the Heavenly Feather Sacred Sea, he had to choose a Martial House.
The four Divine Kingdoms were extremely strange existences to Luo Zheng. Similarly, no one in the four Divine Kingdoms knew Luo Zheng. It wouldn't be like when he first entered the Sea God Continent, when he was chased by the Demon Race.
However, Luo Zheng had to pay attention to the Saintess of the Divine Kingdom.
When Luo Zheng killed the Prince of Yu Da Divine Kingdom in the Heavenly Mist Immortal Tomb, the Saintess had vowed to kill him for revenge. Naturally, Luo Zheng wouldn't be stupid enough to choose the Yu Da Divine Kingdom.
Although there were many people in a Divine Kingdom, experts were rare. Even False Tribulation Realm experts couldn't be found everywhere in a Divine Kingdom. If Luo Zheng chose the Yu Da Divine Kingdom, it would be troublesome if he encountered the Saintess.
Cao Junfeng didn't have any opinion on Luo Zheng's choice. He just carefully followed behind Luo Zheng. No matter what, he had narrowly escaped death in the Central Domain. Although he was now Luo Zheng's slave, as long as Luo Zheng died or didn't need him, he would eventually regain his freedom.
Just as Cao Junfeng said, the area near the sea was extremely sparsely populated. The two had been flying at high speed for a long time, but they hadn't even seen a small city, let alone a large one. This place was even more desolate than the Central Domain.
However, as the two flew forward, the surrounding cities and towns gradually increased.
Luo Zheng casually looked around and found that most of the people in these towns were ordinary mortals. Even if there were martial artists, they were only at the Xiantian level.
Naturally, he didn't stay here and continued moving forward.
As they went deeper into the Black Iron Divine Kingdom, some medium-sized cities appeared one after another. Slowly, some large cities appeared.
The layout of this Divine Kingdom was completely different from the Central Domain. In the Central Domain, there were cities scattered all over the Central Domain like chess pieces. But in the Divine Kingdom, the deeper one went, the more people there were, and the bigger the cities.
Luo Zhengcai discovered a few Martial Houses in these cities, and some of them were third-grade Martial Houses, and some were even fourth-grade Martial Houses. However, Luo Zhengcai still didn't stay. Just like Cao Junfeng had said, only fifth-grade Martial Houses and above had the qualifications to explore the Heavenly Feather Sacred Sea.
After a few days, a huge city finally appeared in front of Luo Zheng.
At the front gate of the city, there was a three hundred zhang tall stone statue. This statue was almost as tall as a small mountain.
Seeing Luo Zheng looking at this statue, Cao Junfeng immediately told Luo Zheng, "This is the first Divine Emperor of the Black Iron Divine Kingdom, the Black Iron War Emperor! The Black Iron Divine Kingdom was built by him. "
"Is he dead?" Luo Zheng asked.
A Divine Core warrior could live for a few hundred years, a False Tribulation warrior could live for one to two thousand years, and a Life and Death warrior could live for several thousand years. As for a Divine Sea warrior, their lifespan was calculated in tens of thousands of years. There was no doubt that this Divine Kingdom had many legendary giants!
"He's dead. The Black Iron Divine Kingdom is one of the oldest Divine Kingdoms. This Black Iron War Emperor lived for 13,000 years, but he still died." A regretful expression emerged on Cao Junfeng's face when he said this.
There was an invincible curse above the heads of all warriors in the four Divine Kingdoms, and that was death. No one could escape from it.
Normally, once a warrior reached the Divine Sea realm, he would be able to ascend to the Heavenly Realm and become a stronger being. But, in this world, no one could ascend to the Heavenly Realm!
It was still fine in the Central Domain. Since the ancient times, almost no one had reached the Divine Sea realm. Therefore, it didn't matter if one could ascend to the Heavenly Realm or not. The strongest warriors were only at the Life and Death realm, and most of them had died in the Life and Death Tribulation.
But, in the four Divine Kingdoms, there were a large number of Divine Sea warriors. When these Divine Sea warriors gathered together and couldn't ascend to the Heavenly Realm, their lifespan would be exhausted, and they would wither away and die from the Heavenly Decay.
As the saying went, when a warrior was born, he had to fight against the Heavens. But, in this Heavenly Realm, the Heavens were not strong enough. How were they going to fight for their lives?
This was the reason why all the mighty warriors in the Divine Kingdoms couldn't do anything about it.
In fact, many mighty warriors from the Divine Kingdoms in the Sea God Continent, such as Liu Yu, were facing the same problem.
But, the Demon Night Clan was different from the other clans. They could communicate with the Heavenly Realm. If there was something important that could attract the attention of the Demon Night Clan, they had other ways to ascend to the Heavenly Realm. Just like how the True Dragon Clan had the Rising Dragon Platform, they were able to break through this restriction.
The city in front of him was called Solitary Crane City. It was the second largest city in the Black Iron Divine Kingdom, second only to the capital.
Of course, such a large city had a restriction on flying. Luo Zheng wouldn't be so arrogant as to fly directly into the city.
It wasn't until Luo Zheng entered Solitary Crane City that he felt the aura of a Divine Kingdom!
In the Central Domain, even in Apocalypse City, there were only a few dozen False Tribulation Realm warriors. In the huge Apocalypse City, there were probably more than a hundred million mortals and warriors combined. This ratio was shockingly small.
But not long after Luo Zheng entered Solitary Crane City, he encountered two or three False Tribulation Realm warriors. Judging from the ratio, the number of False Tribulation Realm warriors wasn't much higher than in Apocalypse City, but the absolute number was much higher.
"The Profound Jade Martial House in Solitary Crane City has the strength of a sixth-rank sect. It's a famous Martial House in the four Divine Kingdoms. With your current strength and cultivation, you should be able to join it," Cao Junfeng said to Luo Zheng.
Luo Zheng nodded his head, but he still had some doubts. "Don't Martial Houses usually recruit disciples for those with lower cultivation?"
The Blue Cloud Sect in the Central Domain only recruited disciples for beginners. Even the Cloud Hall wouldn't recruit a Divine Core disciple. Those big sects even rejected independent warriors. After all, once a person reached a certain level of cultivation and joined another sect, it would be very difficult for them to maintain their loyalty.
Cao Junfeng shook his head and smiled, "Master, you're thinking too much. The Divine Kingdom is very different from the Central Domain. In the Divine Kingdom, as long as you're in it, you're considered a member of the Divine Kingdom. The Martial House doesn't want to cultivate its own disciples, it just wants to help the Divine Kingdom."
Luo Zheng was comparing the Martial House to the Divine Kingdom, but in fact, he should be comparing the Divine Kingdom to the Martial House.
For example, if the Cloud Hall was the same as the Divine Kingdom, then the Martial House could only be considered as an elite hall within the Cloud Hall. It wasn't an independent power, so all the resources in the Martial House were given directly by the Divine Kingdom.
Even if Luo Zheng called himself an independent warrior, the Martial House wouldn't really treat Luo Zheng as an 'independent warrior'. They would still consider Luo Zheng as a member of the Divine Kingdom.
No matter how big the world was, it didn't belong to the Divine Kingdom. The moment Luo Zheng stepped into the Divine Kingdom, he would be considered as a member of the Black Iron Divine Kingdom.
Only now did Luo Zheng understand what was going on.
After asking around for a bit, Luo Zheng and Cao Junfeng found the way to the Profound Jade Martial House. After that, they headed straight towards the Profound Jade Martial House.
They couldn't fly, so they could only walk. When they were passing by a street, Luo Zheng saw a tall red city wall on their right. They could hear the faint sound of waves coming from outside the city wall, and they could even smell the salty smell of the ocean.
"There's the smell of the ocean here? Could it be … "
Luo Zheng was deep inside the Divine Kingdom's mainland, far away from the Chaotic Astral Ocean. If there was ocean water outside the city wall, then it was very likely to be the Heavenly Feather Sacred Ocean!
Cao Junfeng immediately nodded and said, "Master guessed correctly. This wall is the Heavenly Feather Sacred Ocean!"
How mysterious was the Heavenly Feather Sacred Ocean? Even if they couldn't enter the Heavenly Feather Sacred Ocean, couldn't they even take a look?
Luo Zheng was even more puzzled.
Seeing Luo Zheng like this, Cao Junfeng didn't find it strange. He just smiled and said, "The Heavenly Feather Sacred Ocean is related to the ruling position of the four Divine Kingdoms. This inland sea is their exclusive domain. Ordinary warriors don't even have the qualifications to take a look!"
"And if they do?" Luo Zheng asked again.

Chapter 759
Luo Zheng was very curious about this Heavenly Feather Saint Ocean. It was just a small inland ocean, how could there be so many secret realms here?
After hearing Cao Junfeng's words, he became even more curious. What the hell was this Heavenly Feather Saint Ocean? Ordinary warriors weren't even allowed to look at it? Even looking at it was a crime punishable by death!
This was simply inexplicable!
"The entire Heavenly Feather Saint Ocean is surrounded by these walls?" Luo Zheng asked.
"That's right. These walls are built in a circle, and they surround the entire Heavenly Feather Saint Ocean. Furthermore, they are all equipped with a No-Fly Barrier. As long as anyone breaks through the barrier, Life and Death warriors will immediately arrive …"
Building a circle of walls around an inland ocean, this was an unimaginably huge project.
Hearing this, Luo Zheng was dumbfounded. Wasn't this a bit too exaggerated?
What kind of treasure was hidden in this Heavenly Feather Saint Ocean? Why were they so strict about it?
But, those Combat Emperors and Combat Emperors in the Divine Kingdom weren't idiots. They must have their own reasons for doing so.
This was how humans were. The more curious they were, the more they wanted to take a look. Luo Zheng really wanted to climb over these walls and take a peek at what this Heavenly Feather Saint Ocean was!
"Don't tell me you're thinking of breaking through the No-Fly Barrier? Even if you can fight those Life and Death warriors, those Divine Sea warriors will still come for you. "Cao Junfeng warned.
Luo Zheng smiled and shook his head. Of course, he wouldn't do something so stupid. He finally understood Cao Junfeng's warning a few days ago. If he tried to break through and enter the Heavenly Feather Saint Ocean by force, he would only be hunted down by those Combat Emperors. He wouldn't be able to enter the Feather Emperor's secret realm.
After that, Luo Zheng left the tall walls. After the time it took for an incense stick to burn, Luo Zheng finally found the legendary Profound Jade Martial Palace.
In any case, the Profound Jade Martial House was equivalent to a Martial House of a sixth-grade sect. The Martial House's entrance was also built in a very imposing manner. In front of the Profound Jade Martial House's entrance, there were countless warriors kneeling on the ground and kowtowing towards the Martial House.
Luo Zheng casually glanced around. There were over ten thousand warriors lying on the ground, and most of them were at the Divine Reflection realm or Divine Core realm. Looking at this scene, Luo Zheng furrowed his brows. "What's going on?"
Cao Junfeng shook his head and said, "This Profound Jade Martial House is the Martial Holy Land of the Black Iron Divine Nation. These martial artists want to enter, but they cannot obtain the qualifications. They only hope that their sincerity will influence the people of the Martial House and one day, they will be able to enter the Martial House."
Luo Zheng was also speechless. In order to enter a Martial House, they actually went to such lengths...
The warriors of the Central Domain could cultivate through many channels. For example, if they couldn't join a sect, they could join another sect or even become an independent warrior and cultivate on their own.
But within the Divine Kingdom, these Martial Houses that were supported by the Divine Kingdom held an absolute monopoly. If one wanted to cultivate to a higher level, there was no other way but to enter a Martial House!
In the beginning, many martial artists were unable to enter the Profound Jade Martial House and could only return home dejectedly.
Later on, there was a martial artist who didn't want to give up. He knelt in front of the Profound Jade Martial House's gate and refused to stand up.
He knelt there for ten years, rain or shine.
In the end, an Elder of the Profound Jade Martial House decided to accept him into the Martial House because of his sincerity, although he didn't have enough talent.
After that, things got out of hand.
Many martial artists who didn't have enough talent were forced to kneel here after failing to enter the Profound Jade Martial House.
Some of them knelt there for one or two years, and some of them knelt there for eight to ten years. However, the Profound Jade Martial House refused to accept these people.
A martial artist's perseverance was important, but so was their talent. As a Martial House, it was impossible for them to waste their time on these martial artists.
But, these martial artists were still trying to enter the Profound Jade Martial House with sincerity.
Luo Zheng didn't know whether to laugh or cry. After that, he walked up the stairs leading to the Martial House's entrance and walked towards the main entrance.
Many guards were standing on both sides of the Martial House. Most of them were Divine Core warriors. When they saw Luo Zheng's False Tribulation realm cultivation base, and the Life and Death warrior following behind Luo Zheng, their expressions were filled with respect.
Most likely, he was a young master from some big family, and he had brought his old servant here to register.
Since Luo Zheng was able to make a Life and Death warrior his old servant, the family behind him must be very powerful. He might even be a relative of the Emperor!
Even so, one of the guards still stopped Luo Zheng. With a polite smile on his face, the guard asked Luo Zheng, "May I ask what brings you to the Profound Jade Martial House?"
"I want to participate in the Profound Jade Martial House's exam." Luo Zheng said with an indifferent tone.
"Exam?" The few guards looked at each other, then one of them said, "The Profound Jade Martial House has an exam every month, but it's not today. The next exam will be held in half a month's time, and to participate in the exam, you need to …"
After that, the guard told Luo Zheng about the exam in detail.
What Luo Zheng was worried about didn't happen. Just like what Cao Junfeng had said, as long as one was in the Divine Nation, they would be considered one of its citizens. The Profound Jade Martial House didn't reject Luo Zheng, as long as he passed the exam, he would be considered a member of the Martial House!
Furthermore, the Martial House wasn't a sect, and there were no restrictions or requirements for Luo Zheng.
Rather than saying that one would become a disciple of the Martial House upon entering, it was more accurate to say that after becoming a member of the Martial House, one would become a partner of the Martial House. The relationship between both parties wasn't one of obedience, it was an equal partnership.
In fact, the four Divine Kingdoms were also competing with each other. In addition to the Heavenly Star Secret Domain, the Divine Kingdoms had invested a lot of manpower and resources into the other three secret domains. Therefore, the competition between the four Divine Kingdoms was extremely intense. Under such competition, the various benefits of the Martial House were naturally increased.
Luo Zheng nodded, then left with Cao Junfeng. Since he was here, he would act according to the plan step by step. There were some things that couldn't be rushed.
Today, Luo Zheng temporarily left.
In half a month's time, Luo Zheng roughly inspected the internal structure of the Black Iron Divine Nation, and his thoughts became clearer.
There were a total of two grade six Martial Houses in the Black Iron Divine Nation. One was the capital of the Black Iron Divine Nation, and the other was the Profound Jade Martial House.
Both Martial Houses held the quotas to enter the Heavenly Feather Sacred Ocean, but in order to obtain these quotas, one had to become a top existence in the Martial House!
This was because the cultivators who entered the Heavenly Feather Sacred Ocean were at least Life and Death experts. Even if Luo Zheng passed the assessment and obtained a good result in the Martial House, if he wanted to obtain a quota to enter the Heavenly Feather Sacred Ocean, he had to compete with those Life and Death experts.
Luo Zheng had already expected this situation, but he was still calm. In addition to cultivating, he even bought some books to understand the customs and customs of the four Divine Nations.
The more he understood, the more advantageous it would be for Luo Zheng. Opportunities were always given to those who were prepared. This trip to the Heavenly Feather Sacred Ocean was related to Ning Yudie's life, so Luo Zheng couldn't afford to lose.
Comparatively speaking, this trip to the Divine Nations was much more comfortable than the trip to the Sea God Continent.
However, Luo Zheng was also clear that he still had to face competition with many powerhouses.
Half a month later, Luo Zheng followed the instructions and signed up. After receiving a nameplate, he was finally able to enter the Profound Jade Martial House.
However, just as Luo Zheng entered, four Life and Death experts suddenly rushed over from behind him. Seeing Luo Zheng in front of them, one of them shouted, "Get lost!"
Hearing the voice behind him, Luo Zheng frowned slightly. Just as he turned his head, he was greeted with a whip!
He frowned, but Cao Junfeng took the initiative to twist the whip. Luo Zheng's gaze fell on a person behind the four Life and Death experts. It was a young master wearing a brocade robe. He looked to be seventeen or eighteen years old, but his cultivation was already at the late stage of False Tribulation Realm.
＝＝＝＝＝

Chapter 760
This brocade-robed young master had red lips and white teeth. His bearing was out of the ordinary.
Being able to have four Life and Death Realm guards, his status was probably not much lower than the Divine Kingdom Prince Luo Zheng had encountered in the Sky Mist Immortal Tomb.
This young master should be an important figure in the Black Iron Divine Kingdom. At the very least, he should be at the level of a prince. Luo Zheng guessed in his heart.
He had just entered the Black Iron Divine Kingdom and was unfamiliar with the place. Therefore, he had been very careful along the way, lest he got into trouble.
However, even though Luo Zheng tried his best to avoid trouble, trouble still came looking for him.
The youth coldly glanced at Luo Zheng, his eyes full of provocation. At the same time, he coldly asked, "Are you also participating in the assessment?"
Luo Zheng's mind turned, but he suppressed his emotions. A smile even appeared on his face, "Yes."
"Not bad, my Black Iron Divine Kingdom has an independent cultivator with such a solid foundation. Follow me, I also want to participate in this round of the Profound Jade Martial House's assessment." Luo Zheng did not expect such a sentence to come out of the youth's mouth.
Martial Houses were not like sects. In fact, they gathered cultivators like this to select the younger generation with good strength to compete with other Divine Kingdoms in the Secret Territory.
If it were the Cloud Hall, perhaps they would only recruit cultivators from within the Cloud Hall. However, Divine Kingdoms had a different way of thinking. In their view, as long as one had the strength, they could enter the Secret Territory and excavate the treasures inside.
Follow this youth?
Luo Zheng's eyes narrowed, but he shook his head and refused this request.
"Sorry, I'm used to being alone. I'm not used to being someone's follower." Luo Zheng replied in a neither servile nor overbearing manner.
Hearing Luo Zheng's words, a Life and Death Realm expert shouted at Luo Zheng, "How dare you! My family's young master wants you to follow him because he thinks highly of you!"
Luo Zheng's expression did not change in the slightest. Instead, he indifferently replied, "Since you think highly of me, why force me?"
That young man stared at Luo Zheng with interest for a while, and then laughed, "Good, you've got guts. Let's go!"
Immediately after, the four Life and Death experts surrounded the youngster and left. On the contrary, a surprised look appeared on Luo Zheng's face. The worst case scenario was to fight on the spot. The four Life and Death experts had all crossed two or even three life and death calamities. It would not be easy for them to kill Luo Zheng.
Luo Zheng was afraid of alerting the Spirit Sea Realm warriors in the city. In front of a Spirit Sea Realm warrior, Luo Zheng wouldn't be able to escape easily.
Looking at the youth's departing figure, Cao Junfeng let out a sigh of relief. He said to Luo Zheng, "Fortunately, you restrained yourself."
"What? Who is that guy? "Luo Zheng asked.
Cao Junfeng said, "If I'm not mistaken, that young man is King Yan of the Black Iron Divine Nation."
"Prince Yan? He's already a King at his age? "Luo Zheng asked curiously.
Luo Zheng had learned about the customs of the four Divine Nations from Cao Junfeng. Judging from the structure of the Divine Nations, they were very similar to the imperial courts in the secular world.
However, it was extremely difficult for a Divine Nation's Prince to be a King.
The national weapons of the Divine Nations were all in the hands of the Spirit Sea Realm warriors. The Monarch of each Divine Nation had to step into the Spirit Sea Realm to be able to control the overall situation.
The lifespan of a Spirit Sea Realm warrior was very long. Their lifespan was measured in tens of thousands of years. The number of their children was extremely large. It was said that the Monarch of the Great Yu Divine Nation had tens of thousands of sons!
These tens of thousands of sons were tens of thousands of Princes.
From the moment they were born, these Princes had to compete with others for their father's favor. Some Princes didn't even have a chance to talk to their father in their entire life!
Therefore, the competition between Princes was much more difficult and cruel than the competition between ordinary warriors!
Ordinary people without strength could still live a good life. However, Princes without strength had a fate worse than ordinary people.
This Prince was able to be a King at such a young age. Of course, his strength couldn't be underestimated.
"This King Yan is the pride of the Black Iron Divine Nation. Hehe, among the younger generation of the Black Iron Divine Nation, his status is second only to the Crown Prince. You better not have any conflicts with him. Although it's easy to deal with him now, if you offend those Spirit Sea Realm warriors, you'll have to bear the consequences!" Cao Junfeng warned.
Luo Zheng nodded his head, then he started walking towards the direction King Yan left.
In the Martial Palace, one could see many Warriors everywhere. From the most basic Xiantian realm warriors to the Divine Core realm, it wasn't rare to see them. There were so many of them, and all of them were in a hurry. They rarely paid attention to anything else.
Even when they noticed that Luo Zheng was a Void Tribulation warrior, and that he was followed by a Life and Death warrior, they only took a quick glance at him, then carefully lowered their heads and left. They didn't pay much attention to anyone else.
Following his instructions, Luo Zheng found the courtyard where the examination was held.
From the entrance of the Martial Palace to the foot of the mountain, there were countless courtyards lined up in a straight line.
Of course, those who came here to register were all independent warriors. However, because of the different realms of warriors, the places where they registered were all different.
The courtyard with the largest number of people was where the Xiantian realm warriors were. There was a long line in the middle of the courtyard, and the end of the line couldn't be seen. It looked like the long and narrow line was circling around the foot of the mountain. With a rough estimation, there were at least several tens of thousands of people.
"Why are there so many people registering? How long do we have to wait?" Luo Zheng looked at the long line and asked in a puzzled manner.
"Hehe, it's normal to line up for one or two months here. But, since you've already broken through to the Xiantian realm, it's nothing to line up for one or two months in order to enter the Martial Palace." Cao Junfeng said with a smile.
Luo Zheng nodded his head. In the open space outside the Martial Palace, some people had been kneeling for years, or even dozens of years, just to enter the Martial Palace.
The courtyard next to the Xiantian realm warriors was where the Divine Radiant realm warriors were recruited. There were many Divine Radiant realm warriors here as well, and the end of the long line was also nowhere to be seen. It was just that there were fewer Divine Radiant realm warriors compared to the Xiantian realm warriors.
Next to the courtyard was where the Divine Core warriors were recruited. There weren't many Divine Core warriors here, only a few hundred of them.
It looked like even in the Divine Kingdom, only a small number of people were able to break through to the Divine Core realm.
As for the courtyard opposite of Luo Zheng, there were only a few people who were recruited. There was no need to line up at all.
In the Divine Kingdom, those who broke through to the Void Tribulation realm were considered to have made a name for themselves. However, they weren't like those in the Central Domain, where they could almost rule over an entire region.
The reason why those warriors below the Void Tribulation realm were recruited into the Martial Palace was because of the resources, cultivation techniques, pills, secret cultivation rooms, and so on …
These resources were all established by the Divine Kingdoms, so they were extremely attractive to martial artists. The higher the rank of the Martial House, the more outstanding the resources would be. This was also the reason why so many low level martial artists would fight to enter a Martial House.
However, things were different for Void Tribulation warriors.
Void Tribulation warriors had walked the path of cultivation for a very long time, and ordinary cultivation places weren't very useful for them.
For example, the Tower of Sin was a divine item that could give birth to mighty warriors, but it could only allow a warrior to cultivate until he reached the peak of Combat Sovereign realm. After reaching the Void Tribulation realm, one had to rely on themselves to move forward. They could only train themselves in life and death situations, and slowly make breakthroughs in adversity. If one could find a good opportunity during this process, it would be the perfect path to enlightenment.
All the Void Tribulation warriors who came to participate in the exam had the same goal as Luo Zheng; to represent the Black Iron Divine Kingdom and enter the Ocean of Miracles!
Amongst these Void Tribulation warriors, a small portion of them were independent warriors, and the rest were warriors from other Martial Palaces. For example, some Void Tribulation warriors from Third Grade or Fourth Grade Martial Palaces. Their Martial Palaces couldn't give them a spot to enter the Ocean of Miracles, so they had to choose a higher ranked Martial Palace.
Of course, jumping from one Martial Palace to another didn't mean betrayal. After all, they all belonged to the same Divine Kingdom, and it was the same as jumping from the Elite Palace of the Cloud Hall to another Palace.
Right after Luo Zheng entered the courtyard, a Divine Core girl came up to him and greeted him. She had a nice attitude, and asked if Luo Zheng wanted to participate in the exam and fight for the Black Iron Order.
The Black Iron Order was the order to enter the Ocean of Miracles. According to the rules set by the four Divine Kingdoms, each Divine Kingdom could only issue a certain number of orders every year, and these orders were the same as the order to enter the Heavenly Feather Saint Ocean. Therefore, the order issued by the Great Yu Divine Kingdom was naturally the Great Yu Order.

Chapter 761
After that, the Divine Core girl registered Luo Zheng's name one by one.
Initially, Luo Zheng was worried that the girl would ask about Luo Zheng's background. He had discussed it with Cao Junfeng before this, and he had simply made up an identity.
Cao Junfeng told Luo Zheng not to worry, the Divine Nation wouldn't ask about his background, he could just treat him as an independent warrior who lived in seclusion.
After all, for the Black Iron Divine Nation, it didn't matter who he was. What mattered was that he had enough strength to fight for the resources in the Heavenly Feather Saint Ocean. Once he obtained those resources, the Divine Nation would get a share as well. Therefore, they didn't care about where he came from.
Besides, the Divine Nation was surrounded by the ocean, and for the past tens of thousands of years, all the warriors had come from the Divine Nation itself. There were very few visitors from other realms. In the eyes of the Divine Nation's Master, all the warriors from the Divine Nation belonged to the Divine Nation.
Therefore, Luo Zheng answered all the questions asked by the Divine Core girl. However, when Luo Zheng's name was mentioned, he hesitated for a moment, then he replied, "My name is Luo Tianxing."
The name Luo Zheng wasn't suitable in the Divine Nation, it was mainly used to guard against the Great Yu Divine Nation's Holy Maiden.
After finishing the registration, the girl smiled, then she sealed all the information in a bamboo plate. After that, she handed it over to Luo Zheng. "The first test will be held three days from now. At that time, all the warriors from the Martial Palace and independent warriors will participate. I hope you'll have a good performance!"
Although the Divine Core girl's words sounded pleasant, she had actually made a conclusion about Luo Zheng's fate. This warrior named Luo Tianxing was destined to be a supporting character, and he would never be able to escape his fate of being eliminated.
The competition in the Divine Nation was extremely fierce.
There were less than 50 spots in the Profound Jade Martial Palace, which meant 50 Black Iron Tokens.
In the Profound Jade Martial House alone, there were close to six hundred Nihility Tribulation Realm martial artists competing for the spot. Most of these Nihility Tribulation Realm martial artists were at the late stage of the Nihility Tribulation Realm. Their cultivation was much higher than this young man in front of him. Not to mention, the martial artists cultivated by the Profound Jade Martial House were much stronger than those independent martial artists!
Not only that, among the 50 places, some princes also participated in the competition. For example, Prince Yan, who had just finished his registration, was almost certain to get a Black Iron Token.
In addition, there were 200 to 300 independent martial artists like Luo Tianxing. Independent martial artists dared to sign up for the assessment and fight for the Black Iron Token. Their cultivations were basically at the peak of the late-stage False Tribulation Realm.
Although the youth in front of her seemed to have a good foundation and was already a martial artist at the middle stage of the False Tribulation Realm at the age of twenty, it was still too early for him to obtain the Black Iron Token.
The girl only thought this in her heart, but Luo Zheng also saw the meaning behind her modest smile.
Luo Zheng just glanced at him. How could he, who could see through people's minds, not understand?
Of course, he didn't care about this young girl's thoughts. He returned a smile to the young girl, put the bamboo token into his bag, and left the Profound Jade Martial House.
Three days later, Luo Zheng once again entered the Profound Jade Martial House. After showing the bamboo token in his hand, there was a person to guide him into the depths of the Martial House.
What appeared in front of Luo Zheng was a large square. There were already many martial artists gathered in the square, and each of them was emitting the aura of the False Tribulation Realm.
When Luo Zheng's gaze moved to the center of the square, his eyes suddenly focused. Almighty Divine Sea Realm experts! Moreover, there were three of them!
The Divine Nations really lived up to their reputation. Just a Martial House alone had three almighty Divine Sea Realm experts. Moreover, it was very likely that the Profound Jade Martial House had more than three almighty Divine Sea Realm experts!
However, the Profound Jade Martial House could be regarded as a sixth-grade sect. Even if it was separated from the Divine Nations, it could still be regarded as a Holy Land.
In the Sea God Continent, the human race's Purple Heart Holy Land could only be regarded as a sixth-grade Holy Land. It also had three almighty Divine Sea Realm experts. Based on this calculation, the Profound Jade Martial House could indeed be compared to a "sixth-grade Holy Land". Such a Martial House could only be regarded as a subordinate of the Black Iron Divine Nation. The number of experts in the four Divine Nations was indeed innumerable!
No wonder for so many years, they had regarded the Central Domain as a barren land. There were also very few Divine Nations' martial artists who were willing to go to the Central Domain.
Thinking back, when he encountered the Divine Nation Prince and the Divine Nation's Holy Land in the Heaven Mist Immortal Tomb, they were disdainful of the Central Domain. The pride and arrogance on their faces were also backed by strength.
Even so, Luo Zheng didn't shrink back in the slightest.
As the saying goes, the heart is as still as water. Luo Zheng's state of mind was incomparably calm. He knew that the road ahead was difficult and miserable, but he still pressed forward with indomitable will. There was no other choice. This was his character, and also fate.
After entering the square, the person who guided Luo Zheng told him to wait here and then floated away.
Around the square stood about a thousand False Tribulation Realm martial artists. After entering the False Tribulation Realm, one could be considered an accomplished expert. They all maintained a certain level of vigilance between each other, but they didn't reveal any hostility. On the contrary, most of them had a calm and composed appearance.
If one casually revealed hostility to others, not only would it attract some unnecessary trouble, but it would also put one at a disadvantage — only the weak would glare at others all day long. Weren't experts all indifferent?
Because of this, the atmosphere was somewhat strange.
Seeing this scene, a knowing smile appeared on Luo Zheng's face. He also stood in a corner with his hands behind his back.
Who knew that as soon as he stood still, he felt a gaze sweeping towards him. He turned his head and saw that it was the young "King Yan".
It seemed that even though he had been conferred the title of King, this King Yan still wanted to participate in the assessment himself and work hard to obtain the Black Iron Token!
What Cao Junfeng said was true. Even the prince of a Divine Nation wouldn't receive too much preferential treatment in this world where experts were as common as clouds. He still had to rely on himself to fight for everything.
The Divine Nation's approach was actually correct. Why could the Monarch control a Divine Nation? After all, he relied on his own strength.
If the princes and princesses behind him were too lazy to cultivate because of the Monarch, who would be able to inherit the position of Monarch after the death of the first Monarch? It would probably be taken away by other powerful Divine Sea Realm experts in an instant.
Only by constantly nurturing Divine Sea Realm experts, and also the outstanding ones among the Divine Sea Realm experts, could the Divine Nation continue to exist!
Noticing that the King Yan was staring at him, Luo Zheng gave him a faint smile.
The King Yan just glanced at Luo Zheng coldly and then shifted his gaze elsewhere.
After a while, when everyone had arrived, a deacon handed over a name list. One of the three Divine Sea Realm experts who were in charge of the assessment said, "The preliminary assessment for the Black Iron Token has begun. The content of this assessment is the simplest. Everyone will enter the square in batches. If you squeeze your opponent out of the red line with your own strength, you will be the winner! You can fight in the square, but you can't kill! Violators will be severely punished! "
As the Divine Sea Realm expert spoke, he reached out his hand and patted the ground lightly. Colorful patterns appeared on the ground in the center of the square.
The ground of the square was made of some unknown metal. It looked extremely heavy. The outermost circle of the patterns was arranged with a circle of red lines.
After hearing the rules announced by the Divine Sea Realm expert, many warriors of the False Tribulation Realm didn't have much expression on their faces.
Seeing this scene, Luo Zheng recalled the day when he had just entered the Blue Cloud Sect. Every time he heard the content of the assessment, many warriors would discuss it animatedly.
In comparison, the quality of the thousands of False Tribulation Realm warriors in front of him was naturally different. Divine geniuses like Luo Zheng and the King Yan, who had entered the False Tribulation Realm at a young age, were different. Most of the warriors of the False Tribulation Realm were not young, ranging from dozens to hundreds of years old. There were even warriors of the False Tribulation Realm who were hundreds of years old.
Naturally, they wouldn't act like rookies who had just entered the martial arts world and act like they were curious about everything.
Soon, the Divine Sea Realm expert began to announce the name list of the first round of assessment.
In this round of assessment, 30 people would participate. Among the 30 people, only three would survive. That was to say, 90% of the people would be eliminated.
Luo Zheng closed his eyes slightly and listened attentively to the names announced by the Divine Sea Realm expert. Soon, the 30 names were announced, but he didn't hear the words "Luo Tianxing". It seemed that he wouldn't be in the first round.
There were advantages and disadvantages to being called in the first round. The disadvantage was that they weren't familiar with the rules and the environment. After observing the rules, the latecomers could take precautions in advance. The advantage was obvious. Since no one was familiar with the rules, they could win in the chaos!
Soon, 30 warriors of the False Tribulation Realm entered the square at the same time and entered the red circle in the center of the square.

Chapter 762
As soon as they entered the red circle, many Void Tribulation Realm warriors rushed towards the center of the red circle.
The diameter of the red circle was only a few dozen feet. For Void Tribulation Realm warriors, they could cross it in one step. Every warrior knew that the moment they entered, they had to occupy an advantageous position to prevent others from squeezing them out.
"Get lost! This is my spot! "A warrior who was as sturdy as a gorilla roared.
This warrior stood firmly in the center of the red circle. After the other warriors failed to snatch the red circle, they stared fiercely at the sturdy warrior. However, this sturdy warrior was at the peak of the late stage of the Void Tribulation Realm. His temples were bulging, and a heavy aura was emitted from his body. It seemed that he cultivated an extremely overbearing cultivation method. No one dared to compete with him directly.
After the 30 people chose their spots, a Divine Sea Realm warrior announced, "The first round, begin!"
"Huff, huff, huff …"
Just as the Divine Sea Realm warrior gave the order, the True Essence in all the warriors' bodies erupted at the same time!
"Huh?"
On the contrary, Luo Zheng's face revealed a strange expression.
When the True Essence erupted, it seemed that all the aura was contained in the red circle!
Seeing the hundreds of warriors' expressions of indifference, Luo Zheng felt relieved. The Divine Nation had developed for so many years. It must have improved a lot compared to the Central Domain. It seemed that he was just not knowledgeable enough.
Not to mention other things, if Void Tribulation Realm warriors used their full strength, what kind of place could withstand the destruction?
If 30 Void Tribulation Realm warriors fought with their full strength, not to mention this square, they could probably destroy the entire Martial House in an instant …
It seemed that all the strangeness lay in the floor inlaid with various patterns and the red circle.
Just as Luo Zheng was guessing, the Void Tribulation Realm warriors in the red circle began to make their moves.
The rules were very simple. As long as they could blast the opponent out of the red circle, they could prevent themselves from being blasted out.
"Hehe, the sturdy warrior in the middle is probably out of luck," Luo Zheng said with a faint smile.
Although his voice was soft, the surrounding Void Tribulation Realm martial artists heard it. The Void Tribulation Realm martial artists immediately revealed looks of contempt.
Luo Zheng didn't know that the False Tribulation Realm martial artist in the center of the red circle was the same as Luo Zheng, an independent martial artist who had been famous for a long time. The sturdy martial artist cultivated both energy and body, and the cultivation method he cultivated was even more domineering and powerful.
In the eyes of many people, since this robust cultivator had chosen to participate in the test, then obtaining a Darksteel Token was something that was set in stone.
Therefore, when they heard Luo Zheng's words, they felt that Luo Zheng was too ignorant.
However, just as Luo Zheng finished speaking, there was a sudden change in the red circle!
There were only a total of 30 False Tribulation Realm cultivators in the red circle. However, just as the assessment began, nearly half of them suddenly attacked that sturdy cultivator!
No matter how powerful this sturdy cultivator was, how could he fight against more than a dozen False Tribulation Realm cultivators by himself?
However, the red circle was so small that the distance between False Tribulation Realm cultivators could only be considered "half a step". It was difficult for the sturdy cultivator to find a place to dodge, so he could only fight head-on!
The sturdy cultivator's expression changed drastically. He suddenly shouted and circulated his astral essence, forcefully resisting the attack of more than half of the False Tribulation Realm cultivators.
"Ha!"
"Bang!"
The disparity in strength between the two was not small!
More than a dozen False Tribulation Realm martial artists attacked together. The sturdy cultivator was like a kite with a broken string, directly blasted out of the red circle!
"Pfff pfff pfff …"
At the same time, the sturdy cultivator spat out a mouthful of blood that spilled all over the ground.
In less than a breath of time, the most popular figure had been eliminated, which made many martial artists' eyes pop out.
The three Divine Sea Realm experts looked at each other with a faint smile on their faces. The three of them seemed to have already expected this.
As for the few martial artists who previously mocked Luo Zheng, they glanced at Luo Zheng in surprise. They felt strange in their hearts. This guy's vision was quite sharp.
There were so many martial artists present. Perhaps only the three Divine Sea Realm experts and Luo Zheng could see this point.
Although the rules set by the Profound Jade Martial House were simple, in order to participate and gain the upper hand, in addition to strength, a certain amount of scheming was required.
Everyone was in the red circle. In the end, there would only be three people left. No one was willing to be squeezed out by others, so everyone's target was not the weakest person!
This was because every martial artist had an evaluation of their opponent. You look weaker than me? Good, you are not a big threat to me. Naturally, I will not deal with you personally. You will either be dealt with by others, or I will deal with you when most of the eliminated people are gone! In any case, you are weaker than me. Sooner or later, I will deal with you. Why waste my energy in the beginning?
Therefore, everyone's initial goal was not to squeeze out the weakest person, but to be the strongest!
Under this logic, who was the unluckiest?
Naturally, it was the guy who looked the strongest! Especially the most arrogant one, the one who dared to occupy the most advantageous terrain!
As a result, the sturdy cultivator who occupied the center at the beginning was unlucky. He was directly expelled from the red circle by more than a dozen False Tribulation Realm martial artists.
These martial artists joined forces in an instant only out of an instinctive fear.
In fact, this kind of rule was not conducive to the competition for the strongest. Unless one had absolute strength, the strongest person would become everyone's target from the beginning.
However, Luo Zheng understood the Profound Jade Martial House's intention after a second thought.
A martial artist's strength, cultivation, and strength were only a part of it. Strength also included luck and brains. Many times, even if one's strength was strong, they would still be killed by the opponent's schemes. That sturdy cultivator belonged to the typical type of person who had strength but no brains.
Of course, it could not be said that he was completely brainless. After all, there were not many martial artists who could see through the hidden mystery of this rule. Therefore, didn't it mean that everyone was brainless?
It could only be said that one could not be too arrogant. Staying low-key was the way to go.
"Boom, boom, boom …"
Immediately after, all the martial artists in the red circle began to engage in a chaotic battle.
That Divine Sea Realm powerhouse had also warned that no one was allowed to kill in the red circle. Therefore, everyone restrained themselves. Firstly, no one used weapons. Secondly, everyone's goal was to force the opponent out of the red circle, not to injure or kill.
Of course, when martial artists fought, it was unavoidable to injure others. Some of the martial artists were directly knocked unconscious by the combined attacks of several people. Then, they were kicked out of the red circle like a broken sack.
This chaotic battle lasted for the time it took for a stick of incense to burn. At the beginning, it was the peak time for people to be eliminated. Some people were directly blasted out, some were knocked out and thrown out, and some were timid and had no choice but to leave the red circle.
As the number of people in the red circle began to decrease, the remaining ten or so martial artists began to wander around carefully. They were looking for opportunities to blast their opponents out of the red circle and avoid being blasted out themselves.
How fast were the movements of Void Tribulation Realm martial artists? The ten or so figures were like shadows, swaying back and forth. However, there were still people who were blasted out of the red circle from time to time.
In the end, when there were only six martial artists left, very few of them were blasted out. At this time, everyone was even more cautious! Among the six martial artists, if three of them could stay, they had a 50% chance of passing the assessment!
For a time, there were even fewer people fighting each other.
However, if these Void Tribulation Realm martial artists did not fight, the Martial House naturally had ways to make them fight! Unexpectedly, the red circle began to shrink!
The red circle shook faintly and began to shrink towards the center. The shrinking speed was not slow. It was about the same speed as an old man strolling on the street.
The red circle continued to shrink towards the center. The range was getting smaller and smaller. Naturally, the space for movement was also getting smaller. Finally, some of the six martial artists became anxious.
"Boom, boom, boom …"
The martial artist who lost his cool first was the first to be blasted out of the red circle.
Immediately after, the remaining two martial artists were also blasted out in an instant …
The outcome of the first round of assessment was decided. The remaining three martial artists became the winners of the first round.
＝＝＝＝＝

Chapter 763
After the 30 False Tribulation Realm warriors went through the first round of assessment, everyone understood the rules. First, they had to run. Secondly, they had to keep a low profile.
Therefore, the warriors who had yet to enter the red circle began to size each other up!
Many of them memorized the opponents in their hearts. If they encountered such an opponent in the red circle, they had to eliminate him immediately.
As a result, some of the famous warriors at the peak of the late stage of the False Tribulation Realm smiled bitterly.
Originally, their strength was strong enough to participate in the assessment, which should have been a big advantage. They did not expect that it would become a big disadvantage.
Everyone knew how to hide their strength. The problem was that many of these people's strengths were known by others. What was the point of hiding?
Many of them secretly sized up Yan Wang. Although this young Yan Wang was not from the Black Jade Martial House, he had obtained his own fief early on. His strength was almost second only to the Divine Kingdom's crown prince. Everyone was wondering if Yan Wang would be eliminated. If 29 False Tribulation Realm warriors fought against Yan Wang at the same time, would he be able to withstand it?
How could Yan Wang not notice the gazes of these False Tribulation Realm warriors and the meaning behind their gazes?
He only snorted indifferently. The corners of his mouth curled up slightly as he mumbled, "Only the weak will try their best!" Since he had chosen to go to the Sky Feather Sacred Ocean in the name of a King, if he could not pass this assessment, he would be ashamed of his surname!
Luo Zheng still looked at the scene indifferently. The current situation was the most advantageous for Luo Zheng. Firstly, his cultivation was only at the middle stage of the False Tribulation Realm. Secondly, he was not famous in the Black Iron Divine Kingdom. It was impossible for anyone to notice him. Now, he only needed to bide his time and not make a move.
"Hehe, these guys already know how to play this game," a Divine Sea Realm warrior said with a smile.
"Let's see if there are some powerful kids this year. When we entered the Sky Feather Sacred Ocean last year, our Divine Kingdom's harvest was the last. If this continues, I'm afraid it will be troublesome. I hope our Black Jade Martial House warriors can be accounted for this year!" a Divine Sea Realm warrior said with a worried face.
The Divine Kingdom had spent a lot of resources to build the Martial House. It was not without a price! Their goal was naturally for the Martial House to nurture more elites and then enter the Heavenly Feather Sacred Sea to 'mine' for ores. This would be a great return to the Scandinavian Empire and then develop the Martial House. This was a virtuous cycle!
It was because of this virtuous cycle that the four Divine Kingdoms were able to establish Martial Houses that were comparable to Holy Lands! That was why the four Divine Kingdoms were able to become so powerful.
After the three Spirit Sea Realm warriors chatted for a while, one of them took out the list again and started to call names.
"Bo Sifan!"
"Ao Gang!"
"Wan Jun …"
"Zhao …"
After the Spirit Sea Realm warrior finished reading, Luo Zheng looked at the red circle that had returned to its original size. His name was still not on this round.
Luo Zheng was not in a hurry. It would always be his turn.
The second round of assessment soon began, and everyone once again paid attention to the battles within the red circle.
This round of assessment was a little faster than the first round. In less than the time it took for an incense stick to burn, the thirty people were quickly decided. The other twenty-seven people left resentfully, while the remaining three people were in high spirits.
Then came the third round, the fourth round, the fifth round …
After seven rounds, Luo Zheng finally heard his name.
"Luo Tianxing!" The Spirit Sea Realm warrior read out Luo Zheng's pseudonym.
Luo Zheng nodded slightly and then stepped forward.
Everyone's eyes lingered on Luo Zheng for a while, and then they looked away. After all, Luo Zheng was only at the middle stage of the False Tribulation Realm, and his face was unfamiliar to them. This kind of guy was no threat to them, so they didn't pay attention to him at all. They thought that even if this guy called Luo Tianxing could survive in the red circle, he would still be eliminated in the end!
On the contrary, King Yan revealed a smile on his face. This smile was directed at Luo Zheng, but Luo Zheng pretended not to see it.
The three Spirit Sea Realm warriors sized up Luo Zheng with a strange look on their faces.
"This independent warrior seems to have a very solid foundation. I'm afraid his strength is comparable to the late stage of the False Tribulation Realm!" A Spirit Sea Realm warrior said with certainty.
Another Spirit Sea Realm warrior nodded, "I don't know where this guy's master is, but he gives me a faint pressure. This guy will never be defeated by a late stage False Tribulation Realm warrior!"
"Hehe, you two are so conservative," the last False Tribulation Realm warrior said, "I think this guy can defeat a late stage False Tribulation Realm warrior!"
The Spirit Sea Realm warriors' evaluation of Luo Zheng was already very good. Even in the four Divine Kingdoms, there were not many examples of a False Tribulation Realm warrior defeating a Life and Death Realm warrior. After all, the gap between the two was too big!
Therefore, the three Spirit Sea Realm warriors could only come up with such an evaluation.
But they didn't expect that Luo Zheng had defeated Cui Xie, who was at the fourth level of the Life and Death Realm, with his own strength!
It was also for this reason that Luo Zheng lured Heartless Master to the Central Domain. If they didn't see it with their own eyes, it would be hard for ordinary people to believe it. Even though these Spirit Sea Realm warriors had sharp eyes, they still underestimated Luo Zheng's strength.
The Spirit Sea Realm warrior read out the names one by one. The 30 warriors were basically confirmed.
However, when he read out the last name, "Prince of Yan", the other 28 warriors couldn't help but tremble, except for Luo Zheng, who remained calm.
Everyone had long heard of the King of Yan's ability. No one was willing to encounter the King of Yan in the red circle. The other twenty-nine martial artists only had one choice, which was to gather everyone's strength and eliminate the King of Yan first.
Seeing everyone's fearful eyes, Prince of Yan smiled faintly. Then, as if nothing had happened, he stepped into the center of the red circle!
Since the first round of assessment, when that muscular warrior was driven out of the red circle by more than a dozen people, very few people were willing to occupy the center of the red circle.
Although the center of the red circle was the most advantageous territory, it was also the target of public criticism. Wasn't it courting death to occupy this position?
However, the King of Yan stood in the middle as if nothing had happened. He glanced at the other martial artists in the red circle indifferently. There was a contemptuous smile on his face. He wanted to prove that he had the real ability and that he could crush the other 29 people by himself!
A hyena might encounter resistance when it entered a flock of sheep. But what about a lion?
If the "powerful warriors" targeted in the previous rounds were hyenas, the flock of sheep still had the strength to resist. But now, Prince of Yan was the lion that entered the flock of sheep. The flock of sheep had no other choice but to run away in front of him.
Seeing that the Spirit Sea Realm warrior from the Martial House hadn't announced the start of the assessment, Prince of Yan said directly, "There will only be one winner in this round of assessment! I will drive the other 29 out! "
Hearing Prince of Yan's words, many warriors in the red circle were shocked. They looked at Prince of Yan with a trace of fear on their faces.
Previously, if some warriors were too aggressive, the other warriors would unite against a common enemy. But now, everyone looked hesitant. With Prince of Yan's strength, would it be useful for them to unite?
Luo Zheng stood in a corner of the red circle. He shook his head slightly. Prince of Yan was very smart. He was famous and couldn't hide his strength. So, he did the opposite. He might as well be arrogant to the end!
With such arrogance, he would disturb the mentality of the other warriors. If they were really afraid of Prince of Yan, it would be difficult for them to unite to fight against him!
However, one must have the strength to be arrogant. If Prince of Yan's strength wasn't enough, the other warriors in the False Tribulation Realm weren't fools. No one would listen to him.
With the command of the Spirit Sea Realm warrior, this round of assessment finally began.
The warriors who were eliminated and those who hadn't participated in the assessment started to discuss the situation.
"Who do you think will be the first to be eliminated? Will it be Prince of Yan? "
"Prince of Yan is so powerful. Who dares to make trouble for him? I guess it will most likely be that guy called Luo Tianxing, a warrior in the middle stage of the False Tribulation Realm. Hehe … "
"I also think it will be him. Look at his body. How can he withstand the attacks of others? He will be sent flying with one punch! "
"Look, someone is making trouble for him. I guess he will be eliminated!"
Just as everyone was discussing, a warrior in the late stage of the False Tribulation Realm suddenly rushed towards Luo Zheng. That warrior looked even more ferocious. He said to Luo Zheng coldly, "You, you will be eliminated first!"

Chapter 764
Luo Zheng wanted to keep a low profile as much as possible and not reveal his strength. He wanted to be one of the last three people to remain in the red circle.
With Luo Zheng's current strength, this was not difficult. Although the red circle was small, Luo Zheng only needed to keep dodging, even though he had to face a group of warriors in the late stage of the False Tribulation Realm.
Moreover, with his cultivation, he was not the center of attention and would not become the target of others.
However, this guy in front of him attacked him for no reason and wanted to kick him out. This made Luo Zheng somewhat puzzled.
"Whoosh …"
Luo Zheng's figure floated and stepped on the edge of the red circle to bypass it.
From the beginning to the end, Luo Zheng had been facing that warrior with a faint smile on his face and remained quite calm.
Logically speaking, that guy should have given up after dodging one attack. Luo Zheng did not want to find trouble and did not even launch a counterattack.
Who knew that the other party would not give up and followed Luo Zheng closely. The fist radiance in his hand became brighter, and he looked like he would not give up until he kicked Luo Zheng out!
"You're out!" That person sneered as he attacked Luo Zheng.
"Whoosh whoosh whoosh …"
Luo Zheng did not say a word. Afterimages stepped on the edge of the red circle and swept past, avoiding the other party's attacks one after another. However, his heart sank slightly. There was something wrong with this guy!
The other party had completely given up on defense. Under such an all-out attack, it would be easy for others to kick him out.
Luo Zheng had no enmity with him. There was no need for this person to attack him. This meant that he had completely given up the opportunity to pass the assessment and was desperately trying to drag him out!
Who ordered him to do this?
Luo Zheng glanced at the King of Yan from the corner of his eyes.
The King of Yan stood in the center of the red circle with his hands behind his back. Faint light particles revolved around him slowly.
Although the surrounding False Tribulation Realm warriors were fighting fiercely, no one dared to attack the King of Yan. The King of Yan's gaze was fixed on Luo Zheng!
"It's really this guy!"
Luo Zheng's face darkened slightly. Since he entered the Martial House, he had been targeted by this guy. He had been looking for trouble with him time and time again. What was the meaning of this?
Did he send someone to test my strength?
With Luo Zheng's current strength, it would only take him a blink of an eye to deal with this guy who had been chasing him. However, Luo Zheng could not help hesitating.
From Luo Zheng's point of view, using the most low-key method to obtain the Black Iron Token and then using the Black Iron Token to enter the Skyfeather Saint Sea and obtain the Life Origin Stone was the best possible result!
............
................................
"It seems that no one dares to make things difficult for the Prince of Yan. No one dares to touch him even if he stands there! ........................
"Of course. Among the younger generation, the King of Yan is a top expert. Other than the Crown Prince, there is also the genius from the Black Name Martial House, Xiao Daoyuan. He is the King of Yan, right? However, the three of them have not won yet. If the three of them fight, I think the King of Yan has a high chance of winning. "
"The King of Yan's gaze seems to be focused on that unfamiliar young man."
"That young man has already run around the red circle seven or eight times. He has been fleeing all the way. He doesn't even know how to fight back. How embarrassing!"
At this moment, a young man in his early twenties looked at the battle in the red circle and said indifferently, "Embarrassing? Humph. He has been chased by a Late False Tribulation Realm warrior for so long and has not even been touched by his sleeve. If this is embarrassing, then I don't know what is not embarrassing! "
The young man who spoke was the strongest among the younger generation of the Black Jade Martial House. His name was Zhan Yun. If the younger generation of the Black Iron Divine Nation had to be ranked, he would be in the first echelon with the Crown Prince, the King of Yan, and the Black Name Martial House's Xiao Daoyuan.
Originally, Luo Zheng was the inconspicuous type. He was not born in the Black Jade Martial House. He was just an independent warrior and his cultivation was only at the Middle Stage of the Flying Void Tribulation Realm. Of course, Luo Zheng would not attract attention.
Because of Zhan Yun's words, everyone's eyes were focused on Luo Zheng. They were full of doubts. "Is this guy as strong as Zhan Yun said?"
In fact, not only Zhan Yun, but also the three Divine Sea Realm warriors who were watching the battle at the side. They also looked at Luo Zheng.
Those mighty figures of the Spirit Sea Realm didn't pay much attention to Prince of Yan's performance. After all, Prince of Yan had been famous for a long time. It was certain that he would get the Dark Iron Token. Besides, even if Prince of Yan was expelled from the red circle by the other 29 people and lost the qualification to compete for the Dark Iron Token, as the son of the Monarch, how could he not get a Dark Iron Token with his great talent and strength?
These Divine Sea Realm warriors paid attention to the new warriors, such as Luo Zheng.
Of course, although there were many independent warriors who grew up outside the Martial House, their quality could not be compared with the geniuses of the Martial House. These Divine Sea Realm warriors did not expect Luo Zheng to have the strength of a genius like King of Yan.
Currently, there were only four False Tribulation Realm warriors in the Black Iron Divine Nation who could enter the first echelon. There were 36 people who could enter the second echelon.
The 40 people in the first and second echelon would definitely have the Black Iron Token. After all, there were 100 Black Iron Tokens in the Profound Jade Martial House and the Black Name Martial House. There were also geniuses in the other two or three Rank Five Martial Houses.
Luo Zheng could enter the third echelon and get the Black Iron Token, which was a good thing for the Profound Jade Martial House.
It was a pity that there were few independent warriors in the Black Iron Divine Nation. Even if there were, the three Divine Sea Realm warriors would have checked their names. On the contrary, this warrior named Luo Tianxing was a stranger to them.
In other words, this warrior came out of nowhere and seemed to be quite strong...
Luo Zheng moved around the red circle in circles. He was in a dilemma. He didn't want to fight, but he couldn't get rid of this guy. He was hoping that someone would kick this guy out. However, during this chase, many warriors were kicked out, but no one dared to do anything to the guy behind him.
This could not go on.
Thinking of this, Luo Zheng's eyes suddenly flashed. Like a snake, he twisted his body and dashed toward the center of the red circle.
As he sprinted, Luo Zheng deliberately avoided the King of Yan. However, Luo Zheng did not expect that the King of Yan, who was originally standing still at the same spot, would smile faintly when Luo Zheng approached the center of the red circle. Then, he turned one of his hands into a claw and waved it gently. Three sharp claw prints shot towards Luo Zheng in the air.
The claw prints were extremely fast and blocked Luo Zheng's left, middle, and right paths. If Luo Zheng wanted to pass through, he could only face them head-on.
As for the guy who was following Luo Zheng, his aura was even stronger. He was determined to force Luo Zheng into a desperate situation.
At this moment, Luo Zheng's figure flashed. He shuttled through space for a distance and walked out from the other side of the red circle.
The three claw prints that King of Yan swung out casually naturally missed their target. However, they went straight for the ancient martial art practitioner behind him.
At this moment, no one expected that Luo Zheng could travel through space directly. Even King of Yan revealed a surprised expression. The ancient martial art practitioner who was chasing after Luo Zheng didn't expect this at all. He collided head-on with King of Yan's claw prints.
"Puff! Puff!
Puff! "The three sharp claw prints instantly cut through the ancient martial art practitioner's robe. Then, a crisp sound was heard. It seemed that the ancient martial art practitioner's protective armor was also cut into pieces. Then, dark red blood flowed out from the ancient martial art practitioner's body.
When King of Yan saw that he had accidentally injured his own people, he only snorted coldly. He didn't care about the ancient martial art practitioner's life or death. His gaze once again followed Luo Zheng.
No one knew what he was thinking. Although his attack didn't hit, he didn't chase after Luo Zheng. Instead, he stood still at the same spot.
With no one chasing after him, Luo Zheng instantly felt much more relaxed.
Now, there were only over ten people left in the red circle. These people were still fighting fiercely with each other.

Chapter 765
Under this kind of crazy competition, there were martial artists being kicked out one after another.
Due to Luo Zheng's vigilance, whenever someone tried to lock on to his target, he would suddenly move away from the other people's attack range.
In this red circle, no one had a clear target. Everyone would be eliminated. In the end, only three people would be left. Very few people would chase after Luo Zheng.
However, during this process, King Yan's eyes were fixed on him like a poisonous snake. This made Luo Zheng very unhappy.
Of course, like King Yan, the three Divine Sea Realm experts also focused their attention on Luo Zheng.
"He is proficient in the Law of Space and seems to have completed Level Two. This guy has great potential!"
"Based on the strength he has shown, he can be considered a god-level genius. He can stand in the third tier of the Black Iron Divine Nation and be at the top of the third tier!"
"Such a person should be given a Black Iron Order. But I am a little worried …"
With the insight of the three Divine Sea Realm experts, how could they not see that King Yan was targeting Luo Zheng?
"King Yan has said that he is the only one who can get a Black Iron Order in this round. I am afraid that he will do as he says. I am worried that he will attack Luo Tianxing."
"Alas, such a person rarely appears among the independent warriors. I hope he can pass the assessment."
"I am afraid it will be a little difficult. There are only four people in the first tier of the Black Iron Divine Nation. There is a huge gap between the first tier and the second tier. Unless Luo Tianxing is at the top of the second tier, he might be able to contend with King Yan!"
Of course, Luo Zheng didn't know that the three Divine Sea Realm experts were worried about him.
King Yan had developed a strong interest in Luo Zheng. During this assessment, he would also pay attention to the new powerful warriors of the younger generation.
He originally planned to look for them in the Black Jade Martial House. However, the guy named Zhan Yun, who ranked first in the Black Jade Martial House, was on the Crown Prince's side. King Yan couldn't rope him in. However, this Luo Zheng in front of him …
King Yan's talent in judging people was very impressive. He had completely inherited this from his father. From the first time he saw Luo Zheng, he knew that Luo Zheng's strength was not simple.
Those mighty warriors of the Divine Sea Realm could only evaluate Luo Zheng based on his performance. Luo Zheng's strength could only be ranked at the top of the third echelon. However, in the eyes of King Yan, this guy who kept running away was deliberately trying to hide his strength!
According to his preliminary estimation, Luo Zheng's strength might not be able to enter the first echelon, but it shouldn't be much of a problem for him to enter the second echelon.
More importantly, this person was previously unknown. Of course, he would not be roped in by the Crown Prince. How could the King of Yan let go of such a fish that escaped the net?
The only thing that King of Yan had to do now was to find out the real strength of Luo Zheng!
The first round of testing had ended. Although Luo Zheng's display of the Law of Space had amazed the King of Yan, he wasn't satisfied at all. This kid's strength was definitely more than this.
The problem was that Luo Zheng was too cunning. He avoided almost all the warriors and didn't fight with anyone. In this way, it was difficult for the King of Yan to estimate Luo Zheng's strength.
As the number of warriors in the red circle decreased, a faint smile appeared on the King of Yan's face. There would always be a chance. It seemed that he could only test the bottom line of Luo Zheng's strength by himself!
Soon, there were only five warriors left in the red circle. Apart from the King of Yan and Luo Zheng, there were three other warriors of the False Tribulation Realm. After the space became bigger, it would be more difficult to expel the others from the red circle.
Among the five people, three would stay. Anyone who was eliminated at this time would definitely be unwilling. Therefore, at this time, everyone appeared to be very cautious. For a moment, the situation was in a stalemate.
At this time, the red circle began to shrink …
Through the previous observation, everyone was very clear that the red circle was shrinking very fast. Once the red circle began to shrink, the final result would be revealed in less than 100 breaths.
Therefore, once the red circle began to shrink, everyone's expression changed. They attacked the other warriors in a more aggressive manner!
"Guiyuan Fist!"
"Heart-Splitting Palm!"
"…"
Other than carefully avoiding the King of Yan, the other three warriors each displayed their trump cards.
Two of the warriors were fighting in pairs. As for the other warrior, it was naturally impossible for him to find the King of Yan. His target was naturally Luo Zheng.
Seeing that someone was chasing after Luo Zheng, a smile appeared on the King of Yan's face again. Let's see how you can escape this time!
Luo Zheng also knew that it would be impossible for him to not counterattack now.
Seeing that the warrior was heading straight for him, Luo Zheng took light steps and adjusted his breathing to an extremely smooth level. His strength began to circulate along his body.
At this time, an extremely gentle aura was emitted from Luo Zheng's body. It was as if he would be incomparably harmonious with anything if he was placed together.
That False Tribulation Realm warrior was able to persist until now. Naturally, his strength was not weak. In terms of strength, he was at the top level in the Black Jade Martial House. He could easily be ranked in the third echelon of the Black Iron Divine Nation.
He took a step forward. His body was like a tiger and leopard. His hands turned into claws and slapped towards Luo Zheng from above and below.
"Ao!"
The phantom of a ferocious beast that looked like a tiger or leopard condensed on his body. As he spread his claws, a ferocious beast opened its mouth and was about to swallow Luo Zheng.
A Divine Nation's False Tribulation Realm warrior was indeed not to be underestimated!
Just this person's strength alone was probably comparable to the peak War Reverend of the Demon Night Clan. Compared to Ling Yan, there was a slight gap. However, if he really wanted to compete for the seat of the Tower of Sin, he would definitely be able to obtain a top ten position!
While others were guessing Luo Zheng's strength, Luo Zheng was guessing the strength of the person in front of him.
"Since you came looking for me, you're out!" Luo Zheng's footsteps floated slightly as his figure slowly retreated.
As the red circle shrank, Luo Zheng retreated with his back facing the red circle. As he retreated, Luo Zheng instantly arrived at the edge of the red circle. As long as Luo Zheng stood in place for a breath of time, he would automatically be eliminated!
However, Luo Zheng's footsteps only lightly touched the edge of the red circle. When he touched the ground, his entire body's aura suddenly changed!
"Astral energy! Erupt! "
"Xiu!"
At this moment, Luo Zheng's aura changed greatly. His entire body turned into a thin line as he charged towards his opponent like a bolt of lightning!
Before the phantom of the ferocious beast could bite down and his opponent's claws could merge together, Luo Zheng had already arrived in front of his opponent.
This person originally had a ferocious expression on his face. He was determined to win this battle. In his mind, as long as he could get rid of this guy, the other side would have a winner and there would only be three people left in the red circle. Then, he would be able to pass the assessment. No matter what, he had to cross this step. This could be a crucial step that would affect his entire life!
Therefore, he didn't hold back at all against Luo Zheng. He was pursuing a sure-win with one strike!
In his eyes, Luo Zheng was a guy who only knew how to run away. He didn't know how to do anything else …
However, as that guy retreated, he appeared in front of him in the blink of an eye …
This …
This warrior's head didn't immediately turn around. Apart from a blank expression on his face, there was almost no reaction.
Luo Zheng didn't care about this guy's expression. He extended his hand and grabbed onto his opponent's hand. Then, with a light clasp of his fingers, he locked onto his opponent's wrist. With this, his opponent couldn't transfer his Astral energy to his hand, making it harder for him to break free from Luo Zheng's grip.
However, Luo Zheng didn't expect that his action was completely unnecessary. His opponent had completely forgotten to circulate his Astral energy and break free from his grip. While he was distracted, Luo Zheng grabbed him and spun him around like a windmill, throwing him out of the red circle.
His actions were done in a clean and tidy manner, without any hesitation.
In fact, this kind of situation was very common among warriors at a lower cultivation level. But, once a warrior reached the Divine Core realm, the strength he could unleash with his Astral energy would reach an extraordinary level. Therefore, who would let him get close to his opponent so easily?
Therefore, those who fought in the red circle were all 'blasted' out of the circle, but none of them were 'thrown' out.
Right at this moment, when they saw Luo Zheng throw a warrior out of the red circle, all the other warriors were shocked speechless. They all had the same question in their minds, how could this be …
＝＝＝＝＝

Chapter 766
"Plop!"
This False Tribulation Realm warrior was thrown out of the red circle and landed heavily on the ground.
Compared to the other injured or even seriously injured Void Tribulation Realm warriors, his situation was naturally much better. Such a heavy fall did not affect a warrior of his level at all.
However, this was a great loss of face.
This False Tribulation Realm warrior would rather be injured and thrown out than be thrown out like this. For him, this was a great humiliation.
However, after he got up from the ground, his mind quickly calmed down.
The knowledge of the warriors of the Divine Nation was much broader than that of the warriors of the Central Domain and the Deep Sea Continent. He knew that Luo Zheng's speed was indeed extraordinary. Whether it was the distance, the angle, or the timing, they were all very accurate!
Just now, he had finished accumulating power for an attack and was about to attack Luo Zheng. It was because of this that he was unable to react in time and allowed this kid to get close to him so easily.
There was only one explanation for Luo Zheng's judgment, and that was that this guy's reaction speed was astonishing, and his judgment was first-rate. Moreover, he had experienced countless battles to be able to train this kind of fighting instinct. Such a guy was undoubtedly very terrifying.
Thinking of this, this warrior took a deep breath and glanced at Luo Zheng with his cold eyes. However, there was no hatred in his eyes, only awe. Only those who had experienced Luo Zheng would understand how terrifying Luo Zheng was.
Apart from this person, the others were also shocked.
Although this warrior had lost face and was actually thrown out by someone, which was indeed a very shameful thing, this person's strength was not low. How could someone who was firmly in the third echelon be weak? Most of the people present were not qualified to laugh at him!
However, most people were just surprised that he was thrown out. They didn't understand how Luo Zheng did it just now. His speed was too fast.
On the other hand, the three Divine Sea Realm warriors revealed a dignified expression.
"We underestimated this kid. His strength is definitely not in the third echelon!"
"With such strength, I'm afraid he can be ranked at the top of the second echelon!"
"If I'm not wrong, he used Vital Essence just now. He actually cultivates both energy and body?"
Warriors who cultivated both energy and body were rarely seen anywhere. In the Sea God Continent, there were very few warriors who cultivated both energy and body. In the Central Domain, there were almost none. In the Divine Nations, there were very few warriors who could cultivate both energy and body.
Just now, Luo Zhengcai had wanted to end this battle as quickly as possible. If this battle dragged on, it would only expose more of his trump cards. This was not something he wanted to see. Since that was the case, Luo Zhengcai directly used astral essence.
However, in the eyes of the three Divine Sea Realm warriors, they were still extremely shocked.
Zhan Yun, King Yan, Crown Prince, and Xiao Daoyuan formed the first echelon. They were the inheritors of the Black Iron Divine Kingdom. They were very likely to inherit the empire's legacy!
Therefore, even if an ordinary Void Tribulation Realm warrior was extremely strong, it was very difficult for them to be ranked in the first echelon. This was because the people in the first echelon were all monsters among monsters. They had the strength to absolutely suppress Deity rank geniuses.
This was the strength of the four Divine Kingdoms. They did not lack Deity rank geniuses!
. With the start of the Battle of the Era, more and more super geniuses appeared in this era.
Originally, a Divine Nation had 10 to 15 geniuses. If these geniuses were properly trained, they would definitely enter the Divine Sea Realm in the future. However, in the past few decades, due to the arrival of the Battle of the Era, the number of geniuses began to increase. In just a few years, more than 100 geniuses had appeared in the Divine Nation.
The four people in the first echelon were able to crush all the other geniuses!
Therefore, they did not put Luo Zheng together with King Yan and the other three. In their hearts, Luo Zheng was probably not qualified.
But now, the strength Luo Zheng casually displayed was enough for him to stand at the top of the second echelon. This was enough to make them look at Luo Zheng with new eyes.
It was not easy to stand in the second echelon. What was more, Luo Zheng could be ranked at the top of the second echelon?
There were countless big and small Martial Houses in the Divine Nation. The two big Martial Houses, the Jade Black Martial House and the Black Name Martial House, included 90% of the geniuses. These geniuses were like sand being washed away by waves. What came out of the water was glittering gold. Then, all the resources were poured into them and carefully trained. That was how these geniuses obtained such strength.
Luo Tianxing was just an independent warrior. No one knew where he grew up. How could his resources be comparable to the entire Divine Nation?
But he had appeared out of nowhere.
In the past, there would always be a few outstanding talents among the independent martial artists. However, Luo Zheng was so dazzling that it dazzled everyone's eyes.
With a smile, King Yan stared at Luo Zheng and said in a low voice, "Not enough, not enough. This is not your full strength. Let me see your full strength!"
Seeing everyone staring at him, Luo Zheng could only sigh inwardly. He had been too naïve. Whether it was in vision or strength, the Divine Kingdom's martial artists had far exceeded his expectations. If he wanted to easily pass the assessment without displaying his strength, it would be too difficult.
There would be more trouble later.
But he did not forget that King Yan had said before that he would be the only one to pass this round of assessment …
Just as Luo Zheng had expected, the outcome of the battle between the two cultivators on the other side had also been decided. One of them was directly blasted out of the shrinking red circle by the other.
According to the rules, it was time to announce the result. Luo Zheng, King Yan, and the other warrior had passed the assessment!
However, King Yan turned around and smiled faintly at the three Divine Sea Realm Mighty Figures. He gave them a look, and the Divine Sea Realm Mighty Figures did not announce the result.
The three Divine Sea Realm Mighty Figures also understood that King Yan had taken a fancy to Luo Zheng and wanted to test Luo Zheng's strength thoroughly.
The Iron Token was indeed hard to get for other warriors. However, with King Yan's status and strength in the Divine Nation, it was not difficult for him to get one. Even if Luo Zheng was really eliminated, since King Yan had taken a fancy to him, it should not be too difficult to get a Iron Token for him.
In that case … they also wanted to see Luo Zheng's real strength.
King Yan smiled and said, "I have said that only I can pass this round of assessment. Gentlemen, do you want me to send you out of the red circle, or do you want to go out by yourselves?"
Luo Zheng's eyes were calm. He had expected this to happen, so he was calm. However, he could not avoid fighting with King Yan now.
However, the other warrior was even more depressed. He revealed a trace of anger on his face. Even if you are King Yan, you can't bully others like this, right? I have worked so hard to pass the assessment, and you still intend to break the rules and drive me out?
However, there was not much time left. It had only been 100 breaths since the red circle started to shrink. The lightning-like confrontation just now, plus King Yan's words, had taken 45 breaths.
"I have passed the assessment. Why, King Yan, you …" The warrior was unwilling to accept the result, but he was unwilling to fight with King Yan. He could only argue.
"Shut up!" King Yan shouted at the warrior coldly, "I don't want to repeat my words."
The King of Yan was standing in the center of the red circle. Luo Zheng and the martial arts practitioner were on the left and right respectively. As the red circle continued to shrink, the two of them could only move their feet and move closer to the King of Yan.
When the warrior saw that King Yan was getting closer and closer to him, he gritted his teeth and sweat dripped down from his forehead. Of course, he was unwilling to accept the result! However, looking at King Yan, who was not far away, he knew that he was definitely not his match. If he fought with King Yan, not only would he be humiliated, but he might also be seriously injured and even bring about more unpredictable troubles!
In the end, the warrior gritted his teeth and stood on the spot. He allowed the red circle to shrink and move past his feet.
In other words, he was eliminated …
Many cultivators looked at that cultivator with pity in their eyes.
It was indeed a pity.

Chapter 767
However, the King of Yan was the King of the Divine Nation! He was also a super demon in the first echelon. So what if he was not satisfied?
The entire Black Iron Divine Nation belonged to him. Who in the Divine Nation would dare to resist him? Who could resist him?
The Divine Nation was like this. It was even more domineering, unreasonable, and unreasonable than the sects.
Therefore, the few Divine Sea Realm Almighties would give face to the King of Yan, a Virtual Tribulation Realm warrior!
However, Luo Zheng did not stop. He continued to move slowly as the red circle shrank. At this moment, his eyes were like water as he stared at the King of Yan in the center.
The King of Yan smiled at Luo Zheng and asked Luo Zheng, "What about you? Are you going to give up too? "
The King of Yan had already grasped Luo Zheng's character. He had always been good at judging people. Such a person would never give up easily!
Of course, Luo Zheng would not give up. He had come so far and this was not a big problem. Was he going to give up?
However, Luo Zheng was in a dilemma. Should he fight with the King of Yan?
This Yan Wang's strength was not weak. Although he had only casually attacked him once, Luo Zheng reckoned that his strength was perhaps slightly stronger than Ling Yan's.
Although Luo Zheng had not seen Liu Yu in the Tower of Sin, Luo Zheng estimated that the King of Yan's strength should be about the same as Liu Yu's when he was promoted to the Peak War Venerable 200 years ago in the Tower of Sin.
Of course, this was just an estimation.
With the strength that Luo Zheng defeated Cui Xie, the King of Yan in front of him was nothing to be afraid of.
However, it was just an assessment now. It was impossible for him to explode with all his strength like a life and death battle.
Therefore, Luo Zheng was considering how to deal with the King of Yan without exposing his strength.
If the King of Yan knew what Luo Zheng was thinking, he would probably faint from anger. However, it was impossible for the King of Yan to guess Luo Zheng's specific thoughts. He was trying his best to test Luo Zheng's strength now!
One breath after another passed.
The red circle was also shrinking. As Luo Zheng moved slowly, the distance between him and the King of Yan was getting closer and closer.
Ten meters, twenty meters, ten meters …
For a Void Tribulation Realm warrior, some moves and methods could no longer be used at such a close distance.
The two of them seemed to have understood something from each other's gaze!
Power!
It was a pure contest of strength!
At this moment, all the disciples in the square held their breaths.
Every martial artist's interest was piqued.
On one hand, they were very impressed by Luo Zheng. He was only in the middle stage of the False Tribulation Realm, yet he had managed to stay in the red circle. A person with such strength was actually unknown. They could not imagine how Luo Zheng had grown.
On the other hand, they also mourned for Luo Zheng in their hearts. Unfortunately, he was assigned to the same round of assessment as Prince of Yan.
If Luo Zheng had avoided King Yan, given his ability, he would have passed the assessment easily …
Now, he had to choose to face King of Yan directly. He wondered what would happen next.
Closer, closer and closer …
Luo Zheng became more and more vigilant.
Something was not right. The King of Yan's ability was probably beyond his estimation.
He had already revealed his strength and used his vital essence. King of Yan knew that he was not only a cultivator of vital essence, but also a cultivator of the body. Under such circumstances, he still dared to compete with him in terms of strength and explosiveness?
It was an extremely wrong choice to close the distance with a cultivator of the body.
However, King of Yan did not have any reservations. He waited for Luo Zheng to come closer. It had to be said that he must have some countermeasures. Perhaps he was also a cultivator of the body and a cultivator of both energy and body?
"Since you insist on not letting me go, I'm sorry." Luo Zheng sighed softly in his heart.
It was not that Luo Zheng looked down on King of Yan. The height that Luo Zheng was at now and the opponent that he had chosen was no longer on the same level as King of Yan.
When the two of them were five meters apart, King of Yan's lips curled up slightly. A beam of light blue vital essence emerged instantly. The moment the vital essence appeared, another beam of vital essence also emerged.
Vital essence and vital essence were two completely different types of energy. Vital essence was born from one's own body, while vital essence was obtained from heaven and earth.
Although Luo Zheng often used his vital essence and vital essence at the same time, King of Yan's vital essence and vital essence had fused into one!
Two completely different types of energy had actually been fused together by him? What the hell was the result of the fusion?
Even though Luo Zheng was very knowledgeable, he was still stunned when he saw this scene.
Sure enough, the Kingdom of Gods could not be underestimated!
After King of Yan had fused his vital essence and vital essence, he spread out his hands and pushed Luo Zheng away forcefully.
King of Yan did not throw out a punch. It seemed that he really wanted to compete purely with Luo Zheng. He did not have any intention of hurting anyone.
Seeing this, Luo Zheng's face revealed a trace of caution. He exerted his strength with both hands and the vital essence in his body exploded. At the same time, Luo Zheng also used the power of the dragon scale!
Originally, Luo Zheng planned to use his vital essence to deal with a warrior in the late stage of the False Tribulation Realm. No matter how powerful this guy was, it should be enough.
However, when Luo Zheng discovered that King of Yan was able to fuse his vital essence and vital essence, he immediately changed his mind. He could not underestimate King of Yan!
Even so, Luo Zheng had only absorbed about half of the power of the dragon scale!
After that, Luo Zheng also pushed out his palms. His speed was not fast, but this slow palm contained a shocking amount of power!
"Puff!"
Luo Zheng's palms and King of Yan's palms collided together.
A dull sound was heard.
The patterned floor beneath their feet suddenly shook violently, and cracks began to appear on it.
"Crack crack crack …"
Since this square was used for the assessment of warriors in the False Tribulation Realm, the materials on the floor had naturally been processed. Previously, when so many warriors in the False Tribulation Realm fought, they did not leave any traces on the floor. However, Luo Zheng and King of Yan were able to completely crack the floor with just one palm strike!
The two types of power had completely fused together. What kind of cultivation technique did King of Yan cultivate to be able to completely fuse his vital essence and vital essence? It was indeed magical!
In the end, Luo Zheng still managed to block this special power. Although the floor beneath his feet had cracked, he did not move at all. He stood at his original spot!
As for King of Yan, under the explosion of Luo Zheng's dragon scale and vital essence, his originally relaxed face suddenly changed color!
Luo Zheng's power was too great!
Although King of Yan vaguely sensed that Luo Zheng was not simple, he did not expect Luo Zheng's power to be so exaggerated!
King of Yan was born in the God's Nation. As he had outstanding talent since he was young, he was deeply doted on by his father. Although there were many princes in the God's Nation, if one had outstanding talent, he would be able to obtain abundant and generous resources! Under such circumstances, how vast was King of Yan's knowledge?
However, he knew that Luo Zheng's power should not have appeared in the False Tribulation Realm!
Even warriors who had experienced the Life and Death Calamity would find it difficult to resist Luo Zheng's power. How did this guy do it?
This power was so difficult to resist. It was like the tide of the sea. It was not something that could be stopped by human strength …
King of Yan was unwilling to retreat. How proud was he? How could he retreat so easily after boasting?
He would rather Luo Zheng retreat and leave the red circle. After this, Luo Zheng would not need to go through any assessment. He was willing to help Luo Zheng get a Black Iron Token!
It was just a Black Iron Token!
However, it was too late to say anything now. Under Luo Zheng's overwhelming power, he had no choice.
Therefore, King of Yan retreated under the watchful eyes of the crowd.
One step, two steps, three steps …
Almost without any suspense, King of Yan crossed the red circle. Moreover, as King of Yan retreated continuously, his footsteps became staggered. In the end, the crowd saw King of Yan's legs turn to jelly and he actually fell to the ground!
Everyone stared blankly at King of Yan, who was in a sorry state.
King of Yan, who was in the first echelon, had an overwhelming power over the younger generation. In the Black Jade Martial House, only Zhan Yun could follow in King of Yan's footsteps. Other than that, in the entire God's Nation, only Xiao Daoyuan and the Crown Prince could match up to him!
Although the two of them did not fight to the death and could not even be considered an ordinary exchange of blows, it was purely a contest of strength.
However, there was no doubt that in a contest of strength, King of Yan was at an absolute disadvantage!

Chapter 768
Around the square, hundreds of False Tribulation Realm warriors were silent as they stared blankly at the scene in front of them.
The eyes of the three Divine Sea Realm warriors shone brightly!
These three Divine Sea Realm warriors were the Mansion Masters of the Black Jade Martial House. One of them was the main Mansion Master, while the other two were the Deputy Mansion Masters. They were considered the mainstays of the Black Iron Divine Nation! Naturally, they knew King Yan's strength very well.
The King of Yan was not only a dual cultivator of body and energy. More importantly, his Dual Physique could perfectly fuse his Vital Essence and Vital Essence together with the cultivation techniques of the royal family. With such a fusion, the strength he could unleash would far surpass his peers.
It was true that King Yan did not use his trump card just now. He only used the fusion power. However, the ancient martial art practitioner called "Luo Tianxing" did not use any moves either. He only used his vital essence and pure strength!
Even so, Yan Wang was still at a disadvantage in the fight with Luo Zheng. How could the three Mansion Masters of the Profound Jade Martial House not be surprised?
Could this kid be ranked in the first tier? Could his strength be on par with King Yan and the Crown Prince?
Regardless of whether they believed it or not, what they saw now had proven their conjecture. Moreover, it was not just a matter of being on par. Luo Tianxing's strength might be even stronger than King Yan's!
"Old He, we misjudged him. This kid is a freak. I really don't know where he came from!"
"Hehehe, no matter what, our Black Iron Martial House has profited this time. Let's not talk about the dispute between King Yan and the Crown Prince. Since this kid is participating in our Black Jade Martial House's assessment, he must have been discovered by our Black Jade Martial House!"
"Luck, luck. That Xiao Daoyuan from the Black Jade Martial House is firmly suppressing our Black Jade Martial House. I think Luo Tianxing is on par with Xiao Daoyuan!"
The number one False Tribulation Realm warrior of the Black Jade Martial House, Zhan Yun, stared at Luo Zheng with a faint excitement on his face.
"Luo Tianxing, Luo Tianxing …" It was a very unfamiliar name. He had never heard of such a person in the Black Iron Divine Nation. Zhan Yun's heart thumped rapidly. If this was another place, Zhan Yun would have rushed up to challenge Luo Zheng. However, this was the Martial House assessment and in front of the three Mansion masters. Zhan Yun could not break the rules.
Zhan Yun did not dare to break the Profound Jade Martial House's rules, but Yan Wang was different.
Although there were many princes in Black Iron Immortal Kingdom, the status of each prince was greatly different from that of the other princes. As he had been crowned as a lord, half of Hegu City was his fief. Who could stop him from challenging anyone?
"Haha, Luo Tianxing, right? Good, very good! " A maniacal smile appeared on King Yan's face. He stared at Luo Zheng and said with a smile, "You have passed the assessment. This matter will come to an end for the time being. Then, I will challenge you now!"
As soon as King Yan finished speaking, a surging aura gushed out from his body. Under the envelopment of this aura, many Virtual Tribulation Realm cultivators immediately became agitated.
This was not an aura that a False Tribulation Realm cultivator could possess!
"King Yan's true strength is probably comparable to a False Tribulation Realm warrior!"
"He's really strong. I reckon that even a first stage False Tribulation Realm martial artist is no match for him!"
"That kid surnamed Luo is probably in trouble …"
Enveloped by King Yan's aura, Luo Zheng frowned slightly. He was very displeased. Why is this guy acting like this? Luo Zheng was here to participate in the assessment, not to challenge others. Why is he challenging me for no reason?
Hence, Luo Zheng shook his head. "I refuse!"
Hearing Luo Zheng's reply, King Yan was slightly stunned. "Refuse? What a joke! Who can easily reject the challenge of the Prince of Yan? Don't you want the Black Iron Token? If you agree to my challenge, regardless of whether you win or lose, I can give you the Black Iron Token and various rare treasures and elixirs for you to choose from. What do you think? "
King Yan's reward …
Everyone's eyes suddenly shot out a fiery glow.
Being crowned as a lord of Black Iron Immortal Kingdom meant that he had a lot of wealth. Just King Yan's wealth alone was comparable to the Black Jade Martial House's accumulation over the years. If they could enter King Yan's Mansion and casually choose a few treasures, they would make a fortune.
The problem was that regardless of whether they won or lost …
Even if they lost to King Yan, it would not be a shameful thing, right?
That kid Luo Tianxing is so lucky! That was what everyone thought in their hearts.
However, Luo Zheng still shook his head. "I refuse. I only need the Black Iron Token. With my strength, I can get it naturally. I don't need you to give it to me."
How arrogant was the King of Yan? He felt that his words were already very forthright! I, King Yan, am already giving you a lot of face by challenging you. Regardless of whether you win or lose, I will reward you handsomely. He did not expect Luo Zheng to be so unappreciative of his kindness!
King Yan's face instantly turned dark red. His face was filled with anger. He was like a volcano that was about to erupt at any time.
"Sigh, King Yan is talented, but he is still too young." A Divine Sea Realm almighty sighed deeply in his heart.
The three Mansion Masters of Black Jade Martial House also felt the same.
Now, in the entire Black Iron Immortal Kingdom, the Crown Prince and King Yan, the two youths with the royal bloodline, were fighting for supremacy!
King Yan was the youngest, but he was still firmly in the first echelon. It was undeniable that his future was more dazzling than that of the Crown Prince.
However, the Crown Prince's strength was similar to that of King Yan. After all, he was more than ten years older than King Yan. His character was also more mature than King Yan. Not only did the Crown Prince rope in Black Jade Martial House's Zhan Yun, but he also roped in Xiao Daoyuan, the number one expert of the younger generation in Black Jade Martial House.
There were only four warriors in the first echelon. Among them, the Crown Prince, Zhan Yun, and Xiao Daoyuan were in a group.
The most troublesome thing about King Yan was that he did not have any followers. Luo Tianxing was an excellent target. It seemed that King Yan wanted to offend Luo Tianxing!
How could this be?
Indeed, they could see that King Yan did not have any ill intentions towards Luo Zheng. He challenged Luo Zheng purely because he was unconvinced. They guessed that King Yan cherished talents and could not find a way out of this embarrassing situation. Therefore, he insisted on challenging Luo Tianxing.
The problem was that such monstrous characters were all unusually arrogant. It was inappropriate for King Yan to use his own name to suppress others. It was fine if Luo Tianxing did not accept his challenge, but how could he expect Luo Tianxing to bow down to him?
The three Divine Sea Realm experts sighed and felt that it was necessary to remind King Yan. Therefore, one of the Divine Sea Realm experts took a step forward with a benevolent smile on his face. He stared at King Yan and said, "It is not easy for King Yan to have the interest to issue a challenge today. However, this is the Black Jade Martial House's assessment after all. I am afraid it is inappropriate to issue a challenge here.
"Mansion Master He!" King Yan raised his eyebrows. He was still young and his character was extremely stubborn. Although he knew that he should be on good terms with Luo Tianxing now, he could not control his temper at this moment.
"King Yan, listen to me," Mansion Master He said with a faint smile. Then, his lips moved slightly as he spoke to King Yan using his True Energy Sound Transmission. Others could not understand what he was saying.
After a long while, King Yan nodded slightly. The aura in his body suddenly disappeared and was replaced by a carefree expression. Instead, he clasped his hands towards Luo Zheng and said, "Today, we only exchanged a blow. I, King Yan, have lost! However, I will treat this as a gift to a friend. I will invite you to a banquet in my King Yan's Mansion another day! "
Luo Zheng, on the other hand, was baffled. The contrast between Prince of Yan's attitude before and after was too great. Who knew what he was up to?
Of course, Luo Zheng did not know that there were various conflicts everywhere in the God's Kingdom. He had unintentionally exchanged a blow with King Yan and had implicated himself.
However, whatever medicine was sold had nothing to do with Luo Zheng. The banquet in his Mansion was just a formality. He was in the God's Kingdom and did not want to embarrass King Yan too much. Therefore, Luo Zheng nodded and clasped his hands towards King Yan.
After that, King Yan turned his head and walked away. The atmosphere at the scene finally relaxed.
However, Zhan Yun, who was quietly observing from the side, stared at King Yan's back as he left. Then, he secretly glanced at Luo Zheng. A trace of vigilance flashed in his eyes.
Although Zhan Yun was a martial artist of the Jade Profound Martial House, he was the Crown Prince's man. The conflict between the Crown Prince and King Yan had been going on for a long time. Now that Luo Zheng had appeared, whether Zhan Yun could challenge Luo Zheng was a secondary matter. However, such a person must not follow King Yan!
He had to inform the Crown Prince about this matter as soon as possible!
＝＝＝＝＝

Chapter 769
Luo Zheng didn't care about the internal strife of the Divine Kingdom, he only cared about how he was going to get the Black Iron Order.
After passing the test today, some people were sent back to the courtyard where they had registered. After passing the test, Luo Zheng was now considered a member of the Profound Jade Martial Palace.
The Divine Core female disciple who was in charge of registration threw a curious glance at Luo Zheng. She was curious, how did Luo Zheng pass the test with just a Mid False Tribulation realm cultivation base?
Using the bamboo token in his hand, Luo Zheng exchanged it for another purple token. This token was also not a black-iron token. Immediately, Luo Zheng was informed that he could use this token to enter the Profound Jade Martial House and study. He could also obtain a portion of the Profound Jade Martial House's resources and so on.
If it was any other independent warrior, they might be extremely excited. It was extremely difficult for an independent warrior to cultivate, and being able to join the Martial Palace was a great opportunity for them. But for Luo Zheng, it didn't mean much. He didn't lack any cultivation skills or pills, and he relied on himself to cultivate. The Martial Palace couldn't provide him with much help, and the only thing that could help him was this Black Iron Order.
After leaving the Profound Jade Martial Palace, Cao Junfeng had been waiting for him for a long time.
Luo Zheng had ordered him to wait for him here, and Cao Junfeng couldn't disobey this order. Accompanied by Cao Junfeng, Luo Zheng returned to his own courtyard.
Along the way, Luo Zheng was playing with the purple token in his hand. After thinking for a moment, he asked, "After I get the Black Iron Order, how long will it take for me to enter the Heavenly Feather Saint Ocean?"
Cao Junfeng replied with a smile, "Normally, the three great secret realms will open every year, but I'm not sure which one will open this year."
Luo Zheng knew that the Heavenly Feather Saint Ocean contained the Feather Emperor, Divine Emperor, and Dream God Secret Realms. Apart from that, there was also the Heavenly Star Secret Realm. Luo Zheng didn't care about the other secret realms, but if the Feather Emperor Secret Realm didn't open this year, Luo Zheng would feel depressed.
"Can you find out which secret realm will open today?" Luo Zheng furrowed his brows.
"Yes! However, the opening of each secret realm is controlled by the Monarchs of the four Divine Kingdoms. The four Monarchs have the final say on which secret realm to open. If you want to find out … it will be difficult for you, "Cao Junfeng replied.
Luo Zheng heaved a sigh of relief. If the other secret realms were to be opened this year, it was very likely that he would have to wait another year. However, there was not much time left for Luo Zheng. What should he do? With his current strength, it was impossible for him to influence the plans of the four Divine Kingdoms.
"I see. You can leave now," Luo Zheng said calmly.
Cao Junfeng nodded and left Luo Zheng's room.
Luo Zheng sat cross-legged. He circulated his Qi and slowly spread out his True Essence. He was preparing to cultivate quietly for a while.
However, at that moment, the Qinglong in his mind spoke again. "Luo Zheng, there is another mystic realm in the Sky Feather Sacred Ocean besides the Feather Emperor Mystic Realm. You must enter it."
"Hmm?" Luo Zheng's eyes flashed slightly. When he heard Qinglong's words, his face was filled with a strange expression.
Previously, he had obtained the information about the Sky Feather Sacred Ocean and the other secret realms from Cao Junfeng. Now that Qinglong suddenly mentioned them, could it be that these secret realms were related to Qinglong and the others?
Luo Zheng's goal was only the Feather Emperor Mystic Realm. Since the Life Origin Stone was obtained there, Luo Zheng naturally did not have much interest in the other secret realms.
"In addition to the three great secret realms, there is also the Tian Chen Secret Realm, right? You must enter the Tian Chen Secret Realm, "Qinglong said again.
"What do you need in the Tian Chen Secret Realm?" Luo Zheng asked curiously.
Luo Zheng already knew that the nine Real Dragons in his mind actually came from the Real Dragon World. However, why the nine Real Dragons were attached to the mysterious furnace and why they turned into a page and finally came out of Luo Zheng's mind was a mystery.
He had asked Qinglong before, but every time he mentioned it, Qinglong did not give him any details. It seemed that there was something that he could not say.
When Luo Zheng entered the Real Dragon World through the Rising Dragon Platform, Qinglong was even more so. He was even unwilling to reveal his identity to the warriors of the Dragon Bloodline Clan.
Luo Zheng guessed that Qinglong might have some enmity with the Real Dragon Clan, or even some great hatred.
In the end, it was just a guess. If the Real Dragon did not mention it, Luo Zheng would not take the initiative to ask.
Even when Luo Zheng entered the Sea God Continent, Qinglong rarely gave any specific advice or took the initiative to ask for anything. This time, however, he had asked him to enter the Tian Chen Secret Realm. Presumably, there was something important in the Tian Chen Secret Realm that was related to the nine brothers.
Qinglong smiled sadly in Luo Zheng's mind and said, "Do you know the origin of the Heavenly Feather Sacred Sea?"
Luo Zheng shook his head.
Luo Zheng was unfamiliar with the Heavenly Feather Sacred Sea. He had only learned about it from Cao Junfeng. Because of these words, Luo Zheng had spared Cao Junfeng's life.
When Luo Zheng crossed the Chaotic Astral Ocean and rushed to the Black Iron Divine Kingdom, he discovered that the vast inland sea was actually built with towering walls …
He did not know why the four Divine Kingdoms had spent so much effort. What was it for?
"The Heavenly Feather Sacred Sea was originally the territory of the Real Dragon Clan," Qinglong said indifferently.
"The territory of the Real Dragon Clan?" Luo Zheng's eyebrows twitched as he asked softly.
"To be precise, it was the territory of the Dragon Bloodline Clan, a subordinate clan of the Real Dragon Clan," Qinglong said indifferently.
In the past, the Dragon Bloodline Clan was the true ruler of this continent. They occupied the most central area of the Divine Kingdom Continent, the Heavenly Feather Sacred Sea. At the time, the Human Clan had the seven Divine Kingdoms, and they had allied together to resist the Dragon Bloodline Clan.
The war had been intermittent for tens of thousands of years.
In the end, the Dragon Bloodline Clan had been forced by the allied forces of the seven Divine Kingdoms to open a spatial passage with a blood sacrifice. They had released a dragon from the True Dragon Realm. With a single breath, they had destroyed three Divine Kingdoms.
However, the blood sacrifice had cost a considerable amount. At the time, the seven Divine Kingdoms had the support of the Human Clan from the Upper World. In the end, the remaining four Divine Kingdoms had destroyed the Dragon Bloodline Clan, resulting in the current situation.
"The so-called Four Great Mystic Realms, hehe, are actually the remnants of the Dragon Bloodline's foundation in this world. It's just that before the Dragon Bloodline's human race was destroyed, they used the power of blood sacrifice to seal off the entire Heavenly Feather Sacred Ocean with the lives of the entire race! It is not easy to take away the inheritance of the Dragon Bloodline Clan, "Qinglong said.
"It's just that after so many years, the power of the blood sacrifice of the Dragon Bloodline Clan has gradually weakened. The four Divine Kingdoms that were left behind have used the inheritance of the Dragon Bloodline Clan as a treasure trove and slowly developed. I didn't expect that a small sixth-grade Divine Kingdom would develop to this stage!"
In the past, the seven Divine Kingdoms had only been equivalent to sixth-rank Sects. However, the current four Divine Kingdoms were almost equivalent to eighth-rank Sects!
The difference between these two ranks was like the difference between heaven and earth!
On the Sea God Continent, the Demon Night Clan led by Liu Yu was only a seventh-rank Holy Land.
"What is in the Heavenly Chen Secret Realm?" Luo Zheng asked curiously. He could not think of anything else that Qinglong was determined to obtain.
Qinglong said, "In the past, the Dragon Bloodline Clan in the Lower World summoned the real dragon through the blood sacrifice. He is our big brother."
"Big brother?"
Luo Zheng's face was filled with surprise.
Nine real dragons were drawn on the mysterious furnace. The nine real dragons were of different sizes and lengths. However, right below the furnace, there was the thickest and most majestic real dragon! However, that real dragon had never awakened. So far, only Qinglong and the red dragon had awakened.
"Yes, our Dragon Bloodline Clan is spread across millions of Great Thousand Worlds. Even with the blood sacrifice, it is difficult to summon a real dragon. At that time, my big brother took action personally because the Dragon Bloodline Clan found an Ancestral Dragon egg in this world! This Ancestral Dragon egg is now in the Heavenly Feather Sacred Sea, the last Heavenly Chen Secret Realm! "Qinglong said.
"Ancestral Dragon egg? What's the big deal?" Luo Zheng was confused.

Chapter 770
"Whoever controls the Ancestral Dragon is equivalent to controlling the True Dragon Clan! As the most powerful Super Divine Beasts, of course, we won't give the Ancestral Dragon egg to the Human Clan! "the red dragon continued.
Luo Zheng didn't say anything and continued to listen to the red dragon.
The red dragon said, "Therefore, the war on the Divine Kingdom Continent is actually a war between the True Dragon Clan and the Human Clan in the Lower World. Unfortunately, the Human Clan never expected that after my elder brother was summoned by the blood sacrifice, he destroyed the three small Divine Kingdoms. At the moment when the space collapsed, he used a secret method to destroy the ascension passage of this Great Thousand World! Therefore, all the creatures in this world can't ascend! "
"What …" Luo Zheng's eyes suddenly flashed.
The problem of not being able to ascend had always troubled this Great Thousand World.
Originally, when one's cultivation reached the Divine Sea Realm, he had already stepped into the Way of Immortals and broken away from the category of mortals!
For example, Situ Haotian, Liu Yu, and the Divine Sea Realm masters of the four Divine Kingdoms had been staying in this Great Thousand World and couldn't ascend!
Apart from the Rising Dragon Platform, there was no other way to ascend!
All the creatures knew that there seemed to be some problems in this Great Thousand World, but there was no correct answer as to what the problem was.
In the end, all the Divine Ocean Realm cultivators who could have ascended were still trapped in this Great Thousand World. They could only watch as they entered the Five Decay of Immortals, slowly exhausted their lifespans, and died of depression …
Luo Zheng didn't expect that the one who destroyed the ascension passage of this Great Thousand World was Qinglong's elder brother.
"Why did you destroy the ascension passage in the first place?" Luo Zheng asked again.
Qinglong sighed and then said, "Naturally, it's because of the Ancestral Dragon. This Ancestral Dragon egg was born in this Great Thousand World, so the True Dragon Clan naturally has to take care of it carefully and let it hatch slowly. However, the Human Clan also noticed this, so the essence of this war is around the Ancestral Dragon egg."
"I see." Luo Zheng was silent for a while. "In other words, you let me enter the Heavenly Star Secret Realm to obtain the Ancestral Dragon egg and send it to your True Dragon Clan?"
"True Dragon Clan? Hmph! "The crimson dragon snorted coldly. His voice was filled with anger.
"Seventh Brother …" The crimson dragon seemed to have something to say, but he was stopped by Qinglong. Then, Qinglong said, "Yes, I want you to take the Ancestral Dragon egg, but not necessarily send it back to the True Dragon Clan."
Luo Zheng was getting more and more confused. It seemed that Qinglong and the crimson dragon had some conflicts with the True Dragon Clan. When Luo Zheng entered the True Dragon Realm last time, he had already noticed some problems, but as an outsider, he naturally didn't say anything.
Luo Zheng would try his best to help him. After all, everything that Luo Zheng had achieved was thanks to Qinglong and the others.
However, Luo Zheng had his own doubts. "Even if the Ancestral Dragon egg is indeed in the Heavenly Star Secret Realm, those Divine Sea Realm experts can't obtain it. With my current strength, I'm afraid it's not enough!"
Luo Zheng didn't know the connection between these secret realms, but since these secret realms were in the Heavenly Feather Sacred Sea, and the Heavenly Feather Sacred Sea was almost surrounded by the four Divine Kingdoms, those Divine Sea Realm experts would have entered long ago if the Ancestral Dragon egg could be obtained.
Qinglong smiled. "The Heavenly Star Secret Realm is different from the other three secret realms. Of course, they can't obtain it, but if it's you, there's a slight chance."
Since Qinglong said so, Luo Zheng nodded silently. "In that case, I'll do my best!"
Although Luo Zheng wasn't confident that he could help Qinglong and the others obtain the Ancestral Dragon egg, since Qinglong had asked, Luo Zheng had to try. Of course, he had to enter the Heavenly Feather Secret Realm first and obtain the Origin Stone of Life.
Whether he could make it or not depended on the next step.
In this house, Luo Zheng didn't leave the house. He focused on cultivation every day. Without Luo Zheng's order, Cao Junfeng also stayed at the door.
However, three days later, Luo Zheng suddenly heard subtle footsteps at the door. Then, he heard a shrill voice. "The Crown Prince has come in person. Unrelated people, please leave for now!"
"The Crown Prince?" Luo Zheng frowned slightly.
Then, he heard Cao Junfeng's voice outside. "Master, the Crown Prince of the Black Iron Divine Kingdom is here!"
"Hmm," Luo Zheng replied. Then, he got up and went outside. He wore a faint smile on his face, but he felt quite strange. Why did the Crown Prince of the Black Iron Divine Kingdom come to find him?
As soon as Luo Zheng went out, he saw a big lineup outside the house. Dozens of Life and Death Realm experts, dressed in golden brocade robes, with silver sabers hanging from their waists, lined up at the door. Luo Zheng glanced at them casually. These sabers were at least low-grade saint tools. More importantly, each saber looked exactly the same.
It seemed that the Black Iron Divine Kingdom had the skill to mass produce saint tools.
In front of these Life and Death Realm guards, there was a young man sitting in a wheelchair. The young man looked sickly, but his eyes flickered with a strange luster.
Seeing Luo Zheng looking at him, the young man smiled faintly.
At this moment, a nearby eunuch said in a shrill voice, "Why don't you kneel down and salute the Crown Prince?"
How could Luo Zheng be willing to kneel down? He just coldly glanced at the eunuch, thinking to himself, "Why did you come to me and ask me to kneel down? What kind of logic is this?"
Unexpectedly, the Crown Prince rebuked, "Yu An, what nonsense are you talking about? This friend here is one of the top geniuses in the Black Iron Divine Nation. A man should not kneel to anyone. How can he kneel to anyone?"
"But Crown Prince, you are the emperor. In the future …" The eunuch called Yu An defended himself.
"Shut up!" The Crown Prince scolded him again. Then, he smiled at Luo Zheng and said, "My servants are used to this. Brother Tianxing, please don't take offense!"
Luo Zheng just looked at the scene coldly. He could tell at a glance that the Crown Prince and the eunuch were putting on a show. Their purpose was to give him the impression that the Crown Prince thought highly of him. The Crown Prince addressed him as "brother". However, this was the first time Luo Zheng and the Crown Prince had met. Playing such a trick gave Luo Zheng a feeling that the Crown Prince was very scheming.
Luo Zheng was not happy.
Moreover, he did not want to attract attention when he entered the Black Iron Divine Kingdom. In front of him was Prince Yan, and behind him was the Crown Prince. The more he did not want to be noticed, the more these guys insisted on coming to his door.
However, Luo Zheng could not act recklessly. After all, he was in someone else's territory.
Thus, Luo Zheng asked in a neutral tone, "What brings you here, Crown Prince of the Divine Kingdom?"
The Crown Prince smiled and said, "I heard that Brother Tianxing passed the Black Jade Martial House's assessment. I also heard that you were an independent warrior. Therefore, I wanted to see Brother Tianxing's elegant demeanor. Today, I see that you are indeed impressive. You are a dragon among men."
Luo Zheng thought for a moment and a smile appeared on his face. "Crown Prince, you are too polite. I, Luo Tianxing, am just a boor."
The Crown Prince continued to smile and said, "Brother Tianxing is too polite. Today, my residence is hosting a banquet. I hope that Brother Luo Zheng will do me the honor of attending." As he said this, the Crown Prince gave a meaningful look to the eunuch beside him, Yu An.
The eunuch's face lit up with a courteous smile. He took out a golden name card and handed it to Luo Zheng.
Looking at the invitation card, Luo Zheng was a little hesitant. Should he accept or not?
By now, Luo Zheng understood the Crown Prince's intention. He was most likely trying to rope him in like Prince Yan. However, compared to Prince Yan, the Crown Prince's attitude was more polite.
However, this was often the case in this world. The more polite someone was to you, the more beneficial they might be to you.
Just as Luo Zheng was hesitating, a voice came from not far away. "Big Brother, you came to Lonely Crane City, but you didn't even come to see me. You are too mean!"
The person who spoke was Prince Yan.
This time, the King of Yan did not bring anyone with him. He was alone.
He was dressed in a green robe and walked over confidently. He looked at the Crown Prince and then looked at Luo Zheng. He smiled and said, "Luo Tianxing, I trust you have been well since we last met!"

Chapter 771
A few days ago in the Black Jade Martial House, Prince Yan was still acting as if he would not give up until he was defeated.
Why was he so courteous today, as if they had been friends for many years …
Luo Zheng suddenly felt uncomfortable. However, a smile still appeared on Luo Zheng's face. He smiled at Prince Yan and said, "How have you been?"
Prince Yan walked towards Luo Zheng and took the golden invitation from Luo Zheng's hand. After glancing at it casually, he returned it to the Crown Prince and said indifferently, "Unfortunately, Luo Zheng has agreed to come to the Prince Yan's residence today. Brother, you are indeed late!"
This invitation was a hot potato in Luo Zheng's hands. Luo Zheng did not know how to deal with it. He did not expect Prince Yan to take it away and return it to the Crown Prince. However, when did he promise Prince Yan?
However, Prince Yan had helped Luo Zheng out of his predicament. Although Prince Yan was hot-tempered, he was more straightforward. Luo Zheng's first impression of the Crown Prince was that he was too shrewd.
Instead of being forcefully invited to the residence by the Crown Prince, he might as well cooperate with Prince Yan and get the show over with.
After Luo Zheng made up his mind, he smiled and said, "Your Highness is indeed late. I was also invited by Prince Yan earlier."
Hearing Luo Zheng's words, Prince Yan smiled even more brightly.
When Prince Yan's realm was still low, he was not noticed by the Crown Prince. Over the past few years, as Prince Yan's strength increased day by day, he gradually had the intention to be on par with the Crown Prince. The two gradually became enemies.
However, the Crown Prince was more than ten years older than Prince Yan. Moreover, he was chosen as the Crown Prince, which meant that he would be the future Crown Prince. Almost all the young experts in the God Nation stood on the Crown Prince's side. Although Prince Yan was conferred the title of Prince and proved his strength and talent, he could not make a comeback because of his disadvantage.
Today, the Crown Prince found out that there was a martial artist who defeated Prince Yan in a competition of strength among the independent martial artists in the Black Jade Martial House. How could the Crown Prince let such a person go? Therefore, he rushed to Hecu City from the capital overnight. His purpose was to rope in Luo Zheng.
However, he did not expect the King of Yan to appear on the way.
With the shrewdness of the Crown Prince of God Nation, how could he not see that Luo Zheng and King of Yan were putting on an act? However, he couldn't force the Crown Prince to do something against his will. Thus, the Crown Prince smiled magnanimously and said, "Since that's the case, I apologize for my abrupt visit."
"Brother, you're not just being rude. As a younger brother, I really admire your speed, "King Yan retorted sarcastically.
The Crown Princess' expression did not change, but there was a faint gleam that flashed in her eyes. She grabbed the wheelchair and turned it around. Then she led the many experts and left.
Looking in the direction where the Crown Prince left, a cold smile appeared on the King of Yan's face. It was the expression of a victor.
Luo Zheng shook his head. "Since we are brothers, why do we have to be so hostile?"
Luo Zheng did not understand the internal strife of the Kingdom of God Nation's royal family. Although the world of ancient martial art practitioners was dangerous and most people were extremely selfish, blood was thicker than water. The gains did not make up for the losses.
However, the King of Yan said coldly, "I treat him as my elder brother, but he doesn't treat me as his brother."
Seeing the King of Yan's expression, Luo Zheng knew that the King of Yan was definitely immersed in some bad memories.
However, this was the King of Yan's family matter. Luo Zheng could not ask about it.
Then, the King of Yan thought for a while. Suddenly, he revealed a sly smile at Luo Zheng. "Didn't you agree to go to my King of Yan's residence for a chat?"
"This …" Luo Zheng said this just now because he wanted to reject the Crown Prince's invitation. Now that the King of Yan spoke again, Luo Zheng did not know how to reject him.
"Don't worry. I won't make things difficult for you. We just need to decide who is better between us." The King of Yan continued to smile. At the same time, he lowered his voice and said, "My elder brother does things flawlessly. He will definitely send someone to keep an eye on you. If you don't go, he will definitely come again …"
Luo Zheng could only reveal a bitter smile. It seemed that he had no choice but to go. He could only nod.
Although the King of Yan's character was not likable, at least he was more straightforward than the Crown Prince. If Luo Zheng had to choose a side, he would rather choose the King of Yan's side.
Following a scheming person always made people on tenterhooks.
Therefore, under the invitation of the King of Yan, Luo Zheng brought Cao Junfeng to the King of Yan's residence.
The King of Yan's residence was located in the south of Hegu City. It was a huge residence. The construction of the residence was extraordinary. The scenery in the residence was exquisite and luxurious.
Just as they entered the residence with the King of Yan, four Life and Death Realm experts quickly surrounded them. They looked rather nervous. One of them even asked, "Your Majesty, where did you go just now? It took us a long time to find you."
The King of Yan looked at the Life and Death Realm experts coldly. Then, he asked, "Why? Do I still need to report my whereabouts to you all the time? "
"This … is not the case." One of the Life and Death Realm experts lowered his head and answered.
However, the King of Yan snorted coldly and walked forward. The four Life and Death Realm experts also wanted to follow. However, the King of Yan said, "The four of you, go and guard the door!"
"We …"
Although there were many Life and Death Realm experts in the Kingdom of God, they were not reduced to guarding the door. The four people's faces darkened.
"Why?" The King of Yan raised his eyebrows. "My words are of no use at all?"
Seeing that the King of Yan seemed to be about to explode, the four Life and Death Realm experts could only retreat and walk towards the door of the King of Yan's residence.
The King of Yan looked at Luo Zheng meaningfully. Then, he chuckled. "It's quite funny, isn't it?"
Luo Zheng also saw some clues. Then, he asked, "These people …"
"Hehe, everyone in the King of Yan's residence, from the guards to the servants, from the handymen to the maidservants, are all people arranged by my brother!" The King of Yan gritted his teeth and said.
At this moment, a woman dressed in silk walked out of the mansion. This woman was also at the False Tribulation realm. She was as beautiful as a celestial fairy. Her expensive silk clothes were tailored to fit her body perfectly. As she walked over with small steps and casually glanced up, it was enough to make all the men's hearts palpitate. This woman was definitely an excellent companion for a martial artist.
"Your Majesty is back! I am … "The woman had just opened her mouth when the King of Yan interrupted her." Get lost! "
"Your Majesty …" The woman was scolded by the King of Yan. Tears rolled down her face.
"Didn't you hear that I asked you to get lost?" The King of Yan scolded coldly and angrily.
The woman stood there for a while. Her face was full of grievance. In the end, under the King of Yan's scolding, she slowly retreated.
Then, the King of Yan smiled sadly. "I forgot to say. Even my wife is my brother's woman!"
This woman was also the Crown Prince's woman …
Luo Zheng was speechless.
The King of Yan had such talent and strength at such a young age. In the eyes of others, he was also someone who was envious and jealous of. They did not expect him to live in such an environment.
No wonder he had such an attitude towards the Crown Prince. There was probably a deep grudge between the two of them.
In fact, the fact that the King of Yan and the Crown Prince were not on good terms in the Black Iron Divine Kingdom had already spread throughout the entire continent. Even Cao Junfeng knew about this clearly.
The King of Yan was too outstanding. Although he had been conferred the title of King by the King, so what? As long as he was outstanding enough, he could still snatch the position of the Crown Prince when he grew up.
Because of his father, the Crown Prince of Black Iron Divine Kingdom could not attack his younger brother. However, he could restrict the King of Yan in all aspects.
Therefore, until now, the King of Yan did not even have a single person on his side!
The King of Yan was not a fool. He also wanted to develop his own power. Not to mention other things, just entering the mystic realm of the Heavenly Feather Sacred Sea was not a matter for him alone.
Back then, the Crown Prince had hypocritically helped the King of Yan to form a team. The King of Yan naturally rejected such good intentions. The problem was, who could the King of Yan look for after rejecting the Crown Prince's offer?
Almost all the experts of the younger generation had been won over by the Crown Prince. As for the remaining False Tribulation Realm ancient martial art practitioners, the King of Yan did not take a fancy to them. Under such circumstances, the King of Yan still roped in a few ancient martial art practitioners who could barely enter the second echelon. However, the King of Yan knew that he was still too weak and could not compete with his brother.
This time, after encountering Luo Zheng, he had made up his mind to compete with Luo Zheng. It was only under the guidance of the Mansion Master of the Black Jade Martial House that the King of Yan managed to restrain himself. He hoped that Luo Zheng would be a great help to him.
When the two of them entered the main hall of the King of Yan's Mansion, Luo Zheng instructed Cao Junfeng to wait at the door. Then, a maidservant came to serve tea. After she was done, the King of Yan chased the servants out again.
The King of Yan then stared at Luo Zheng with burning eyes and asked, "Why did you enter the Heavenly Feather Sacred Sea? I can cooperate with you."
(I have a lot of things to do during the New Year. Please forgive me!)
＝＝＝＝＝

Chapter 772
Luo Nian couldn't convey his shock to Jiang Ziya, so he stared blankly for a long time.
Jiang Ziya stood there, wondering why Luo Nian didn't move.
However, the changes in the light spots still made Jiang Ziya suspicious.
Jiang Ziya used to be in a low-lying area in the World of Xuan Liang, so the things he could see were limited. Moreover, Jiang Ziya couldn't tell the difference between heaven and earth in the World of Xuan Liang.
Now, what appeared in front of Jiang Ziya were countless light spots …
Those light spots were dim and far away, but there were so many of them that it was beyond Jiang Ziya's range of acceptance.
When Jiang Ziya tried to distinguish these light spots, he felt an explosion of pain in his head, as if someone had stabbed him in the head with a knife.
In desperation, Jiang Ziya quickly diverted his attention and stopped trying to distinguish the dense light spots. After all, it was futile for him to distinguish them.
"There seems to be some buildings in the center of the four pillars …"
Looking into the distance, Luo Nian was also carefully distinguishing. He could faintly see a huge palace, but it was too far away, so it was still blurry.
After looking for a while, Luo Nian pulled Jiang Ziya forward.
Since there was a new discovery, Luo Nian didn't plan to retreat.
On the way to the four pillars, Luo Nian didn't forget Jiang Ziya's request and kept searching.
Other than the World of Chaos, he had already found the World of Poison Fog and the Empty World. He should be able to find more "worlds" along the way.
In fact, after staying in the World of Xuan Liang for a long time, Luo Nian had an illusion that these "worlds" weren't worlds, but huge caves, or another low-level space.
In comparison, the World of Xuan Liang was more harmonious.
Everything had energy. The energy in the low-level worlds like the World of Poison Fog and the World of Chaos were hidden. For example, a stone, a handful of water, or a blade of grass had energy hidden in them, and they only needed to be activated by various means.
Everything in the World of Chaos appeared in the form of light spots. The light spots themselves were a type of energy, so their existence was more direct and effective …
Of course, this was just Luo Nian's own opinion.
After all, he could move around in the World of Xuan Liang with ease …
For the creatures in these "worlds", the World of Xuan Liang was like a nightmare.
After constant searching, Luo Nian finally found the fourth world.
This world was soaked in a strange type of mercury, or rather, the entire world was filled with this type of mercury.
His Divine Sense was completely blocked by the mercury. Jiang Ziya could not use his Divine Sense to scan that world. At the same time, the Law of Space was also affected.
The distance of the Greater Teleportation was short. After a few teleportations, Jiang Ziya found that the mercury in this world was constantly flowing, and the space coordinates that were originally marked were also changing.
If they explored too deeply, they might get lost in the Mercury World. Jiang Ziya had no choice but to bring Luo Nian back.
In the process of exploring the Mercury World, Luo Nian also told Jiang Ziya about the four indescribably huge pillars and the looming palace. Jiang Ziya immediately connected the dots, and a trace of uncontrollable excitement appeared on his face.
It was no longer a coincidence that they had found nothing in three consecutive "worlds".
Those worlds must have been destroyed …
As for why the Chaotic World was able to escape this calamity, it was still unknown, but perhaps some answers could be obtained from the four huge pillars.
For the rest of the journey, Luo Nian no longer deliberately searched for those "worlds". Instead, he headed straight for the huge pillar.
…
The self-ouroboros in the Ultimate Circulation space stopped rotating, and the picture in front of Luo Zheng also disappeared completely.
Even though the picture had completely disappeared, Luo Zheng still could not pull himself out of the deep shock.
The huge Chaotic World was just a tool to provide energy for others. This result was indeed difficult to accept.
After leaving the Ultimate Circulation space, Luo Zheng returned to the first space, which was the space of infinite proliferation.
As soon as he entered this space, a trace of coldness suddenly blew from behind him.
At the same time, he heard a weird and cold voice.
"Do you want to stay here …?"
A little boy with a frightening appearance opened his mouth and asked.
When Luo Zheng had just entered this space, he had been chased by the little boy all the way.
Although Luo Zheng could fight back, under the infinite proliferation of the little boy, Luo Zheng had no choice but to escape …
But now, the moment Luo Zheng gazed at the little boy, he felt the Divine Blood of Origin in his body surging, like ripples on a lake. The attribute of the Divine Blood of Origin was constantly changing, and the energy of several attributes of life and destruction merged together.
"I can stay here," Luo Zheng raised his finger.
A grey thing appeared on the tip of his finger. It looked like a small worm.
The little boy originally had a gloomy appearance, and his eyes were filled with ridicule, but after seeing the small gray insect in Luo Zheng's hand, his eyes revealed great fear.
"Waaah —"
With a strange, ear-piercing cry, the little boy began to retreat.
This little boy was the embodiment of the Divine Blood of Origin, "Infinite Proliferation". The energy of the small insect in Luo Zheng's hand was the complete opposite of Infinite Proliferation, and could completely restrain the little boy. Naturally, the little boy was instinctively afraid of the small insect.
But just as the little boy retreated a few feet, Luo Zheng had already caught up. With a light slap of his hand, the small gray insect was slapped into the little boy's body.
Soon …
The little boy's body swelled with fist-sized blisters. His entire body stretched and twisted, and his appearance became terrifying and strange. Finally, everything inside his body dissolved, and the human skin disappeared in a pool of pus and blood.
Luo Zheng crouched down, reached out his hand, and lightly dipped it in the pus and blood. He then said, "If the Divine Blood of Origin that can multiply without limit and fuse with the abilities of eleven diagrams can be called an Divine Blood, then the one I just created can also be considered an Divine Blood!"
The small gray insect in his hand reappeared. This small gray insect was nothing more than Luo Zheng's instincts.
Then, Luo Zheng returned to the stone platform of the Hexagonal Star Array. Previously, he had used this stone platform to enter this space.
When Luo Zheng stood on it, the stone platform was completely still.
He lowered his head and glanced at it. He had already sensed the laws of space-time within the stone platform.
"Buzz!"
The Divine Blood of Origin in Luo Zheng's body surged again, and adjusted to the space-time attribute of his bloodline.

Chapter 773
Both the Feather Emperor Secret Realm and the Divine Emperor Secret Realm were extremely dangerous places for the warriors of the Holy Nations.
However, compared to the Tian Chen Secret Realm, they paled in comparison.
In the Feather Emperor Secret Realm, as long as one followed the rules and experience, there wouldn't be any major problems.
However, the Tian Chen Secret Realm was a place of depravity. Apart from the clansmen of the Dragon Bloodline, no other creatures were allowed to enter!
In order to solve this problem, the four Holy Nations joined forces and discussed many times. In the end, they came up with an alternative.
That was to make use of the corpses in the Divine Emperor Secret Realm.
The Divine Emperor Secret Realm kept the corpses of the Dragon Bloodline clansmen. Many of the corpses had been treated with a secret method and could withstand the baptism of time.
By occupying their corpses and using them to enter the Tian Chen Secret Realm, one wouldn't be rejected by the power of blood sacrifice in the Tian Chen Secret Realm!
However, even so, the four Holy Nations were still in the initial stage of exploring the Tian Chen Secret Realm. After all, there were many restrictions after occupying the corpses. Moreover, the corpses in the Divine Emperor Secret Realm were not easy to obtain.
After hearing King Yan's explanation, Luo Zheng finally had a rough understanding of these mystic realms. The so-called four mystic realms originally complemented each other. To put it bluntly, the Sky Feather Sacred Sea was the lair of the Dragon Vein Tribe. However, there were many restrictions and rules if one wanted to explore it.
Luo Zheng understood that he couldn't enter the secret realm recklessly. The four Holy Nations had spent so many years and entered it like treading on thin ice. It seemed that it wouldn't be easy to obtain the Origin Stone of Life and the Ancestral Dragon egg.
Even without the obstruction of the Divine Sea Realm and the Life and Death Realm experts, Luo Zheng couldn't enter easily …
Now, it seemed that it was inevitable to cooperate with King Yan.
"After I get the Iron Order, I will form a team and enter the Sky Feather Sacred Sea. Since Luo Tianxing wants to excavate the Origin Stone of Life, you will have to help me!" King Yan laughed. He was afraid that he would not be able to keep someone like Luo Zheng.
Even though he had been conferred the title of King and received many rewards every year, he still couldn't compare to the Crown Prince. The Crown Prince was the heir apparent, and the difference between the two was huge.
Putting aside whether Luo Zheng was a profit-oriented person, Prince Yan and Luo Zheng didn't have much of a friendship. On the contrary, they had some bad blood before! The only reason why King Yan could keep Luo Zheng was because of his sincerity.
King Yan was also an extremely intelligent person. Therefore, when he talked with Luo Zheng, he did not hide anything. Every word he said was from the bottom of his heart.
Now that Luo Zheng had the same goal as him, of course, he would go with the flow and pull Luo Zheng into his team.
King of Yan knew this very well. Luo Zheng used to be very wary of the people in the God's Nation. It was also because of King of Yan's straightforward character that he was willing to follow King of Yan to his mansion.
"No problem." Luo Zheng smiled and nodded.
"Good!" King of Yan clapped his hands and shouted, "Bring me the wine!"
Then, good wine and delicacies were placed in front of them.
This wine was as rich as blood. It didn't smell like alcohol at all. Instead, it gave off an extremely sweet fragrance.
Seeing the hesitation on Luo Zheng's face, King of Yan smiled and said, "This is the Black Iron Divine Nation's Qi Luo Fragrance! Even with our cultivation, we will also get drunk! "
Ordinary good wine had no effect on the body of a martial artist. Therefore, martial artists drinking wine was similar to ordinary people drinking water. No matter how much they drank, they wouldn't get drunk.
After King of Yan finished speaking, in order to dispel Luo Zheng's doubts, he took the first step and poured the blood-like Qi Luo Fragrance into his mouth. Then, he turned the jade cup over and smiled at Luo Zheng.
Luo Zheng smiled and raised his cup as well. Then, he drank it in one gulp.
He was just curious about this wine. With his body that was immune to poison, it was harder to poison him than to kill himself …
Then, they touched each other and chatted happily.
After drinking a few pots of Qi Luo Fragrance, both of them were indeed a little drunk. King of Yan suddenly said to the maidservant, "Go and call the Princess Consort here!"
The maidservant hesitated for a while and said, "Your Highness, I'm afraid the Princess Consort has already gone to bed …"
"Even if she is asleep, call her here!" King of Yan roared.
Seeing that King of Yan was angry, the maidservant didn't dare to delay. She nodded and left.
On the other hand, Luo Zheng was baffled. What did the King of Yan mean by calling his woman over?
Seeing Luo Zheng's eyes, King of Yan smiled. He held a luminous cup with both hands and shook it in front of Luo Zheng. Then, he drank it in one gulp.
"There is a saying in our Black Iron Divine Nation. If you can see Hanxuan dance, you will be willing to give up a hundred years of your life. This woman is the most beautiful woman in our Black Iron Divine Nation! Brother Tianxing, I will open your eyes in a while! "King of Yan said with some drunkenness.
"Isn't this inappropriate?" Luo Zheng couldn't help but roll his eyes. He was speechless when he heard this.
He really didn't know what was wrong with King of Yan. Why did he ask his wife to dance in the middle of drinking? After all, she was the Princess Consort. How could he humiliate her like this?
"There's nothing inappropriate!" King of Yan waved his hand. "I'm happy today!"
The more King of Yan said this, the more uncomfortable Luo Zheng felt. Although King of Yan also said that this Princess Consort was arranged by the Crown Prince to be by his side, as a King, it must be very painful for his wife to sleep in the same bed as him.
But he couldn't humiliate her like this, right?
After a while, the woman walked in angrily under the lead of several maidservants.
King of Yan waved his hand and said to the woman, "Hanxuan! Come, perform … a song and dance for us! "
The woman named Hanxuan came in angrily. As the Princess Consort of King of Yan, how could she let her husband humiliate her like this?
Hanxuan's face was full of anger. Of course, she wouldn't obey. She was also born in a prestigious family. It was just that she had an outstanding appearance since she was a child. She was also very famous in the Black Iron Divine Nation. A woman of her status usually had no choice but to marry King of Yan under the arrangement of the Crown Prince.
For more than a year, the two of them didn't have any feelings for each other. After all, she was the Crown Prince's woman. They only maintained this relationship on the surface. The fate of her entire family was in the hands of the Crown Prince. She could only listen to the Crown Prince.
Under the Crown Prince's order, she had to truthfully report King of Yan's movements every once in a while.
King of Yan was also well aware of this. Everyone in the huge King of Yan's Mansion was the Crown Prince's people. Everything was arranged by the Crown Prince. To put it bluntly, the Crown Prince thought that King of Yan was too big of a threat, so he secretly put King of Yan under house arrest.
She naturally knew that King of Yan was also wary of her. But he couldn't humiliate her like this!
Of course, Hanxuan was furious at this moment!
Seeing that Hanxuan didn't move, King of Yan's face instantly revealed a furious expression. An extremely sharp killing intent was released and immediately shrouded her. "If I ask you to dance, you will dance. Otherwise, I will kill you!"
Under such a gaze, Hanxuan's heart instantly trembled. If King of Yan really killed her, no one would say a few words for her!
She had no choice but to grit her teeth and agree.
As the musician played the music, the woman danced gracefully in front of Luo Zheng and King of Yan …
Looking at her unreconciled expression and hatred, Luo Zheng also sighed. However, he sighed in his heart. This could be considered a misfortune of the family. Only the royal family would have such disputes.
However, Luo Zheng also knew that King of Yan had two motives for saying this. On the one hand, he hated everyone in the King of Yan's Mansion to the extreme. Even his own princess consort was the Crown Prince's woman. With King of Yan's character, it was indeed unbearable. He said this to vent his anger.
On the other hand, he had the factor of gaining Luo Zheng's trust.
However, King of Yan was still too young. He wasn't even 20 years old, but he didn't consider the consequences when doing things. He only wanted to achieve his own goals. If the princess consort personally came out to perform for the guests, he would lose half of his face if this spread out. It was really ridiculous!

Chapter 774
Although Hanxuan's dance was graceful, how could Luo Zheng be in the mood to appreciate it in such a strange atmosphere?
King Yan's face was extremely ferocious, as if torturing his consort was a way to vent his anger.
After the song ended, Luo Zheng got up and found an excuse to leave.
No matter how King Yan and the Crown Prince fought, Luo Zheng only needed to move forward according to his goal.
He had obtained some Life Origin Stones from King Yan's Mansion, but the quantity was far from enough. However, Luo Zheng had a clearer understanding of Sky Feather Sacred Ocean.
Luo Zheng had to enter Sky Feather Sacred Ocean, but Luo Zheng wouldn't waste the time.
Other than cultivating, he also wanted to purchase more Origin Stones of Life.
Lonely Crane City was the second largest city in Black Iron Divine Nation. Moreover, it had the Profound Jade Martial House, a cultivation holy land comparable to a sixth grade sect.
There were no sects in the Divine Nation, but there were various aristocratic families. The most powerful aristocratic family in the Central Domain was only a third grade aristocratic family. There had never been a fourth grade aristocratic family.
However, there were many fourth grade aristocratic families and even fifth grade aristocratic families in Lonely Crane City. The Patriarchs of these families were generally at the fourth or fifth level of Life and Death Realm.
Since King Yan's Mansion had Life Origin Stones, he should be able to find a lot in Lonely Crane City. If he could spend True Yuan Stones to buy them, Luo Zheng wouldn't let go of this opportunity.
Therefore, while cultivating, Luo Zheng looked for opportunities to inquire about Life Origin Stones.
However, after inquiring, he couldn't help but feel disappointed.
The Origin Stone of Life could replenish one's life force. It was an irresistible temptation for martial artists. Even if such a thing existed, it would be used up quickly. There were very few left. King Yan's residence had a lot of treasures. Therefore, there were only a few Origin Stones of Life that were taken out.
This cut off Luo Zheng's thoughts of spending money to buy Life Origin Stones. He could only wait to explore Sky Feather Sacred Ocean.
However, opening the Heavenly Feather Holy Sea wasn't something that Luo Zheng could decide on. Instead, the four Divine Kingdoms had to work together to allow the Divine Kingdom's martial artists to enter. Even if Luo Zheng was anxious, he couldn't rush it.
Half a month later, King of Yan came to visit again. After meeting him, King of Yan said, "Come, follow me! Let me take you to see my men! "
"Your men?" Luo Zheng was a little suspicious.
Luo Zheng did not probe further. He followed King Yan and headed straight to the Profound Jade Martial House.
The Black Jade Martial House occupied a huge area and there were countless halls and halls. The martial artists were very respectful when they saw King Yan. They bowed and made way for him.
As they continued forward, they arrived at a hall within the Martial House. Inside the hall, two men and a woman were seated. The three of them were also late stage Nihility Tribulation Realm cultivators.
With a casual sweep of his perception, Luo Zheng could tell that these three were not weak. They were basically god-grade geniuses.
The King of Yan stepped in. The three of them opened their eyes at the same time. The lady in her early twenties smiled at the King of Yan. "Huahua, you are here!"
"Huahua …" Luo Zheng did not know why King Yan had such a nickname.
King Yan pretended to be angry and said, "I have said that you are not allowed to call me that!"
"Huahua is the cutest when he is angry!" The lady was not offended. She was still smiling. Obviously, she was a very lively lady.
The other two people also said, "Yue Ying, you cannot be so rude to King Yan!"
Under such dissuasion, the lady named Yue Ying turned her gaze to Luo Zheng. Her beautiful round eyes kept looking at Luo Zheng. She then continued, "Huahua, who is this guy?"
King Yan smiled slightly. He patted Luo Zheng's shoulder and said, "Let me introduce him to you. This is Luo Tianxing. He will be joining us temporarily."
Then, King Yan said to Luo Zheng, "Brother Tianxing, these three people are the team that I have formed. They are Yue Ying, Zuo Chuandong and Lan Chen. With you, there are five of us!"
There was no limit to the number of people in the Secret Realm of the Heavenly Feather Holy Sea. After so many years of exploration, the four Holy Kingdoms had gradually optimized the best plan.
It was best to form a small team to explore the Secret Realm of the Heavenly Feather Holy Sea. The best number of people was five.
Every Holy Kingdom would send a few such small teams to enter the Secret Realm.
King Yan and the Crown Prince were secretly forming their own teams. However, compared to the Crown Prince, King Yan was naturally at a disadvantage. Moreover, it was not a small disadvantage!
King Yan's talent and strength were probably not below the Crown Prince. However, the three people in front of him could not be compared to Zhan Yun and Xiao Daoyuan.
This was also the reason why King Yan wanted to rope Luo Zheng in.
"The five of us are here? Huahua, are you joking? "The girl called Yue Ying sized up Luo Zheng. However, her eyes revealed a disdainful expression.
No matter if it was Yue Ying, Zuo Chuandong and the rest, they were all from the Rank Five Aristocratic Families in Lonely Crane City. Moreover, they were the disciples of the most elite aristocratic families.
Their strength might not be comparable to Zhan Yun's, but in the Profound Jade Martial House, they could be ranked at the top of the second echelon. After these three people were chosen by King Yan, they did not even participate in the assessment. The problem of the Black Iron Token was settled by King Yan.
During this period of time, they had also gathered together to train with each other in preparation for the expedition to the Heavenly Feather Holy Sea.
Now that King Yan had suddenly led a Middle Stage False Tribulation Realm warrior to join them, Yue Ying and the rest did not understand.
In the Profound Jade Martial House, there were many Late Stage False Tribulation Realm warriors. Why would it be this kid's turn?
Hearing Yue Ying's words, how could King Yan not understand what she meant? It was obvious that he looked down on Luo Zheng, this "teammate."
"Brother Tianxing, please don't be offended." King Yan was afraid that Luo Zheng might have some thoughts.
Who knew that Yue Ying's round eyes would turn, "What's there to be offended about? To be able to catch King Yan's eye and join us is also his fortune. But Huahua, I still don't understand why you want to pull a burden into your team."
King Yan smiled slightly, "Luo Zheng is not a burden. If I'm not wrong, he might be the pillar of our team!"
Hearing King Yan's words, Zuo Chuandong and Lan Chen's expressions immediately changed.
Even though their temperaments were not as noisy as Yue Ying's, people who could cooperate with King Yan would have some pride in their hearts. No matter where they were placed, they would be one in ten thousand people.
Luo Zheng's cultivation was only at the Middle Stage False Tribulation Realm. How could he enter their eyes?
But since King Yan had said so, this meant that this person was not to be underestimated! Pillar? In their team, there would always be only one pillar, and that was King Yan himself. Could it be that this ancient martial art practitioner called Luo Tianxing was more powerful than King Yan?
Yue Ying sneered and looked at Luo Zheng provocatively, "I don't believe it! Huahua is joking with us for no reason. "
"Joking?" King Yan also knew that if Luo Zheng did not show his skills, it would be very difficult to convince them, "If you think I'm joking, you can spar with Brother Tianxing!"
As soon as King Yan finished speaking, the three of them stared at Luo Zheng with burning eyes. It seemed that they all wanted to challenge Luo Zheng.
Luo Zheng's face revealed a helpless smile, "This, there's no need, right?"
"You said there's no need, but it's indeed useless!" As soon as the woman called Yue Ying finished speaking, her figure suddenly flashed. She stretched out her jade-like hand and slapped towards Luo Zheng.
Just as she moved, thousands of jade-like hands suddenly appeared in front of Luo Zheng. This woman was like a thousand-hand Guanyin. In the blink of an eye, she had attacked thousands of times. It was almost watertight, sealing off all of Luo Zheng's escape routes.
"This woman's speed is abnormally fast!" Luo Zheng's eyes flashed slightly. He realized that a very special Power of Law had erupted from this woman's body. Luo Zheng had never seen such a Power of Law before!
"The Time Law?"
The two most powerful laws in the universe were the Time Law and the Space Law.
Luo Zheng had mastered the Space Law, but he had never seen anyone master the Time Law. He did not expect to see it from this woman called Yue Ying.
It was also because of the acceleration of the Time Law that this woman was able to attack Luo Zheng so many times in the blink of an eye!
"Yue Ying! King Yan only wants you to spar with him. Don't hurt him! "The warrior called Zuo Chuandong exhorted.
After all, Luo Zheng was only at the Middle Stage of the False Tribulation Realm. Yue Ying usually did not know the severity of the situation. If she seriously injured Luo Zheng, it would not be good to be blamed by King Yan.
However, King Yan's expression was calm, as if he was not worried about Luo Zheng at all.
＝＝＝＝＝

Chapter 775
Yue Ying replied with a smile, "Don't worry, I won't hurt this kid!"
However, just as she finished speaking, the palm print she waved out became sharper and sharper.
Don't look at her slender jade-like hands. Even if it was a bronze statue made of fine iron, it would be shattered by her. If Luo Zheng was unable to deal with it, he would definitely be injured.
Luo Zheng's eyes burst out with a sparkling light as he tried to comprehend the Law of Time in Yue Ying's body.
"It's useless if you don't resist. I'll really attack!" When Yue Ying saw that Luo Zheng was in a daze, she felt even more disdain in her heart. Who knew what this guy used to coax Huahua into joining this team?
She chopped down at Luo Zheng's head with eighty percent of her strength!
Luo Zheng comprehended for a long time, but he shook his head. He reached out his hand and gently pinched, easily holding Yue Ying's jade-like hands in his hand. He then said softly, "The Law of Time contained in it is too little. I can't comprehend it."
He held Yue Ying's hands so easily, as if Yue Ying didn't attack Luo Zheng just now, but took the initiative to reach out and let Luo Zheng hold her hands.
Yue Ying was stunned for a moment. She wanted to take her hands back from Luo Zheng's hands, but she found that her hands were clamped by a pair of large pliers. She couldn't pull her hands out at all.
Zuo Chuandong and Lan Chen originally wanted to watch a good show. They wanted to see what kind of method Luo Zheng would use to resist Yue Ying's move.
Yue Ying's "Thousand Leaves Jade Hands" attack was like falling petals, dazzling people's eyes. It contained a trace of the Law of Time, which could change the flow of time in her body for a short period of time. It was impossible to break, and could only be broken by using more powerful methods.
However, they never expected that Luo Zheng would break it with just a casual pinch. This made the two of them look at each other in dismay. When their eyes met, they were filled with shock.
A faint smile appeared on King Yan's face, as if everything was within his expectations. However, there was still some surprise in his smile. He thought that Luo Zheng would be able to break Yue Ying's move, but he didn't expect it to be so easy and simple. It was as if he was eating and drinking water …
It seemed that Luo Zheng's strength had far surpassed the level of the False Tribulation Realm. Only like this could he reach such a realm!
"You, let go!" Yue Ying wanted to pull her hands out, but after trying a few times, she was unable to do so. Her round eyes were wide open as she stared at Luo Zheng. There was even a hint of crimson on her cheeks.
Only then did Luo Zheng gently release his hands, with a trace of a smile on his face. Before he could even speak, Yue Ying said: "What do you mean by the power of the Time Laws is too little? .............
Hearing this, everyone's face was filled with curiosity.
It was extremely difficult to comprehend the laws. Moreover, Yue Ying had used the law of time, which was activated by her own True Essence. The power of the law would become chaotic after being activated by her True Essence, and only the person herself could control it. This Luo Zheng wanted to comprehend the power of the law during a battle. This was simply wishful thinking.
What they didn't know was that after Luo Zheng had experienced the baptism of the power of law, he had the highest affinity with the power of law in the entire universe. Simply comprehending the power of law was quite difficult for others, but it wasn't difficult for Luo Zheng.
The two most powerful laws were the law of space and the law of time. Luo Zheng had already comprehended the law of space, but Luo Zheng had never come into contact with the law of time. This was the first time Luo Zheng had seen the law of time!
Luo Zheng smiled faintly and said, "If there's a chance to comprehend it, I will naturally not let it go …"
"Pah pah!" Yue Ying snorted coldly, "Even I have only comprehended 10% of the law of time! How can it be so easy to comprehend! "
"It's 10% of the first level of the law of time, right?" Luo Zheng asked without any understanding of the situation.
At this time, Yue Ying's face revealed an expression of wanting to kill someone as she stared fiercely at Luo Zheng!
Unlike the other basic laws in the universe, the law of time and the law of space were very precious and rare, and the difficulty of cultivating them was also much higher.
Luo Zheng's first level of the law of space was learned in the True Dragon World, and the second level of the law of space was learned from the talent stele in the Sin Tower. Whether it was the law of space or the law of time, it was very difficult to find a law stele in this vast world.
The law of time that Yue Ying cultivated was more difficult than the law of space. At the same time, its power was also more powerful than the other basic laws. Under the change of the flow of time, there was too much room for a cultivator to display!
Therefore, for Yue Ying to be able to comprehend 10% of the first level of the law of time was enough for her to be proud of her peers.
However, from Luo Zheng's point of view, it seemed a little regretful. Seeing Luo Zheng like this, Yue Ying was naturally angry!
At this moment, King Yan walked over with a smile and said nonchalantly, "Alright, let's stop probing. Brother Tian Xing's strength should not be below mine. If he can join our team, he will definitely be a great help."
"Hmph!" Yue Ying still had an unconvinced expression on her face.
However, just now, Luo Zheng had casually resolved her attack. In addition, under King Yan's appreciation, she already understood that Luo Zheng's strength was probably on par with people like Zhan Yun. He was a true monstrous genius of the first level!
How many cultivators were there in the Black Iron Divine Kingdom? At this stage, there were only four people. Luo Zheng's strength was probably not something she could imagine.
At this time, King Yan said to Luo Zheng, "I can see that you have always been a lone wolf. You don't seem to understand the meaning of a team?"
Hearing King Yan's words, Luo Zheng immediately thought of Cui Xie's Tian Xie Sect. Back then, the Tian Xie Sect had a special battle technique that could combine the vital essences of tens of thousands of Divine Reflection Realm cultivators, allowing these low-level cultivators to unleash a terrifying strength.
Luo Zheng nodded.
King Yan waved to Zuo Chuandong, Yue Ying and the others. He walked to the center of the hall and stretched out a hand to Luo Zheng. Then, he said, "You can try to attack me!"
Zuo Chuandong and Yue Ying stood on both sides of King Yan, while Lan Chen stood behind him.
"King Yan wants to combine the strength of the four of them?" Luo Zheng sized them up curiously. Since he had already agreed to join the King of Yan's team, he had to blend in as well. When he thought of this, Luo Zheng's figure suddenly swayed and he dashed towards the King of Yan.
Before Luo Zheng could get close, Zuo Chuandong stretched out his hand and rays of light purple vital essences spiraled out of his body. Those vital essences kept revolving around King Yan!
Yue Ying, who was at the side, smiled sweetly. With a wave of her jade-like hand, a thin curtain of light was formed. The moment Luo Zheng rushed towards the curtain of light, he immediately felt that everything around him seemed to slow down. Even his own speed was incomparably slow!
"It's the Law of Time! The three of them have completely become King Yan's assistants at this time … "A thought flashed through Luo Zheng's mind.
At this moment, King Yan's figure suddenly flashed and he came behind Luo Zheng in an instant. With a flip of his hand, a sharp dagger appeared and he placed it on Luo Zheng's neck. With the cooperation of these people, it was indeed a perfect combination.
However, Luo Zheng's reaction was also extremely fast. Yue Ying's understanding of the Law of Time was not deep. Luo Zheng's body twisted slightly like a fish and he slid away from King Yan's dagger. With a confident smile on his face, he stretched out his hand and wanted to snatch the dagger from King Yan's hand.
At this moment, Luo Zheng suddenly felt a huge shock in his mind. It was as if a mountain-splitting axe had chopped into Luo Zheng's head. It was the martial artist named Lan Chen who had launched a Soul Attack on him.
If it were other people, it would be difficult for them to withstand the Soul Attack under such multiple attacks. Even if they could barely withstand it, they would be distracted. How could they withstand King Yan's attack when they were distracted?
However, how could Lan Chen imagine that Luo Zheng's soul was about to enter the Blue Soul Realm? His level of Soul Attack was just a tickle to Luo Zheng!
However, Luo Zheng was unwilling to expose his full strength. He deliberately pretended to groan and leaned forward. King Yan's dagger was placed on Luo Zheng's neck again.
However, King Yan revealed a "successful" smile. He wanted to prove to Luo Zheng that their combined strength was far stronger than Luo Zheng's individual strength.
However, King Yan did not expect that even if the four of them joined forces, they were still no match for Luo Zheng. However, they were only here to learn from each other. Luo Zheng was unwilling to reveal too much of his strength.
"Hua Hua, kill him! Humph! " Seeing that Luo Zheng was restrained by King Yan, Yue Ying revealed a proud smile. It was obvious that she was still brooding over Luo Zheng's actions.
King Yan was only demonstrating to Luo Zheng once. Why would he listen to Yue Ying's words? He smiled and removed the dagger from Luo Zheng's neck.
"There is not much time left. After entering the Heavenly Feather Sacred Sea, we will face a lot of competition. If you have time, you can practice with Yue Ying and the rest. The five of us must obtain the best results in this trip to the Secret Realm!" King Yan's eyes shone with a glimmer of hope.
He had been suppressed by the Crown Prince all this time. He was looking for a chance to turn the tables.
Although the Crown Prince was powerful, he did not control everything. If King Yan could gain the recognition of his father, the Crown Prince would definitely restrain himself.
Luo Zheng nodded. King Yan's goal did not conflict with his own. If he could achieve his goal and help King Yan, he would not shrink back!
During this period of time, Luo Zheng temporarily stayed in the Black Jade Martial House to "practice" with the three of them.
Luo Zheng slowly became familiar with the characters of the three of them. The warrior named Zuo Chuandong was more docile and easy-going. In comparison, Lan Chen was more rigid and not good with words. As for Yue Ying, she was lively, cheerful and carefree.
Luo Zheng finally understood why the King of Yan had chosen the three of them as his understanding of their cultivation method.
Whether it was Zuo Chuandong, Lan Chen, or Yue Ying, the three of them were not good at attacking. It seemed that the cultivation techniques they mainly cultivated were all auxiliary!
For example, Yue Ying's Law of Time was mainly used to slow down the opponent's speed. Under the cover of her Law of Time, she could make the opponent extremely slow in an instant. It was also in this instant that she could take the opponent's life!
As for Zuo Chuandong, he was good at creating many obstacles for the opponent. As for Lan Chen, he cultivated a cultivation technique that could disturb the mind!
This kind of martial technique inheritance was completely different from the Central Domain or the Sea God Continent!
The Central Domain and the Sea God Continent pursued the ultimate strength of an individual. They rarely cooperated with others.
This False Tribulation Realm warrior could achieve such an effect by cooperating with each other. What if five or six Divine Sea Realm warriors cooperated with each other? Luo Zheng could imagine that even if Liu Yu's individual strength was very strong, if five Divine Sea Realm warriors from the Sea God Continent were to fight against five Divine Sea Realm warriors from the Divine Kingdom, the chances of the Divine Sea Realm warriors from the Divine Kingdom winning would be much higher!
In this hall, Luo Zheng cultivated with them. Occasionally, they would exchange some questions about martial arts.
However, most of the time, it was Luo Zheng who asked them for advice.
The inheritances of the Divine Kingdom were indeed much richer than those of the Central Domain. Moreover, a considerable part of their inheritances came from the Human Clan of the Upper Domain. Unfortunately, Luo Zheng did not know which force the inheritances of the four Divine Kingdoms belonged to.
As time passed, King Yan seemed to become busy. He rarely appeared in the Martial House. He was busy with some affairs of the Imperial Family.
Three months later, the Profound Jade Martial House suddenly summoned all the False Tribulation Realm warriors who had passed the examination. Naturally, Luo Zheng was included.
Luo Zheng knew that the Heavenly Feather Sacred Sea was about to open. The Heavenly Feather Sacred Sea was equivalent to the treasury of the four Divine Kingdoms. It was equivalent to the status of the Mysterious Underworld Cave in the Sea God Continent. He did not know how they would assign warriors to enter.
However, Yue Ying, Lan Chen, and Zuo Chuandong were not invited. They belonged to King Yan and did not participate in the examination. They would probably set off with King Yan.

Chapter 776
The Heavenly Feather Sacred Sea was somewhat similar to the Cursed Lands. It was also located in the center of a continent. For the vast majority of cultivators, it was also a forbidden land.
However, the Cursed Lands was a forbidden land for high level cultivators while the Heavenly Feather Sacred Sea was a forbidden land for low level cultivators. There was a fundamental difference between the two.
Almost every year, the four Divine Kingdoms would jointly explore the Heavenly Feather Sacred Sea. The sacred land left behind by the Dragon Bloodline Clan was an inexhaustible treasure trove for these Divine Kingdoms. The reason why the four Divine Kingdoms were able to develop to this day was not only because of the resources in the endless seas around the Divine Kingdoms' continents, but also because of the secret realms in the sacred sea!
In the eyes of the rulers of the four Divine Kingdoms, the Heavenly Feather Sacred Sea was naturally a treasure among treasures.
All the selected cultivators of the Profound Jade Martial House boarded a huge ark. This ark was like a floating palace with hundreds of floors, enough to accommodate tens of thousands of people.
Luo Zheng followed the other cultivators who passed the test and entered the ark. After the ark rose into the sky, it sped towards the northwest.
It was obvious that every Void Tribulation Realm cultivator who passed the test was very excited.
To be selected by a Divine Kingdom and enter the Heavenly Feather Sacred Sea to gain experience, they would all become proud sons of heaven in the future!
Someone once made a statistic. In the four Divine Kingdoms, almost 99% of the Divine Sea Realm cultivators who entered the Heavenly Feather Sacred Sea for the first time achieved good results.
The secret realms in the Heavenly Feather Sacred Sea were a measuring stick to assess the potential of a Divine Kingdom's cultivator. Therefore, every Void Tribulation Realm cultivator present would do their best without the slightest negligence.
"So beautiful! I've always heard that the Heavenly Feather Sacred Sea is golden. Today is the first time I've seen it! "
"The golden light is said to be the power left behind by the Dragon Bloodline Clan after the blood sacrifice of hundreds of millions of lives!"
Most of the people crowded into the ark's Class-A, admiring the Heavenly Feather Sacred Sea from high up in the sky.
Luo Zheng was also standing on the deck, admiring the golden sea. He could feel the power of the blood sacrifice contained in the golden light. The Dragon Bloodline Clan was defeated and hundreds of millions of lives were sacrificed. There must be a great deal of unwillingness contained within …
Luo Zheng gazed into the distance, trying to place his gaze even further away. However, under the cover of this golden ocean, Luo Zheng could not find any traces of those secret realms.
If Luo Zheng's guess was correct, the four mystic realms should correspond to the four islands of the Sky Feather Sacred Sea. However, although the Sky Feather Sacred Sea was only an inland sea, Luo Zheng was still unable to find those islands.
These days, Luo Zheng was very anxious, but sometimes it was useless to be anxious. Although he had no opponents in the Central Domain, Luo Zheng's strength was not enough to crush everything in the four Divine Kingdoms.
Even though the speed of the ark was extremely fast, it still took them a full two days and three nights to reach their destination. It wasn't until dawn of the third day that a large river finally appeared in front of them!
"It's the West Dragon River! It's the estuary of the Sky Feather Sacred Sea! "
One end of the West Dragon River was connected to the Sky Feather Sacred Sea. However, the spectacular thing was that the golden seawater of the Sky Feather Sacred Sea was like a cup overflowing with fine wine. Although a corner of the Sky Feather Sacred Sea was connected to the river, the golden seawater did not flow into the river.
Therefore, one end of the West Dragon River was azure in color, while the other end of the river suddenly turned golden. The connection was very abrupt.
On one side of the river, there were already more than twenty giant arks docked. It seemed that there were many cultivators from other Martial Houses here as well.
The Profound Jade Martial House's ark slowly docked. Under the lead of three Divine Sea Realm experts, many False Tribulation Realm cultivators also left the ark.
Just a few dozen li away from the West Dragon River, there was a huge palace. In front of the palace was a square that was over ten thousand mu in size. At this moment, there were many cultivators gathered in the square.
"Cultivators from the four Divine Kingdoms." Luo Zheng's eyes flashed.
After the Sky Feather Sacred Sea opened, the Black Iron Divine Kingdom was not the only one that entered. The Great Yu Divine Kingdom, the Heavenly Wind Divine Kingdom, and the Star Field Divine Kingdom also entered.
Today was the day that the cultivators of the four Divine Kingdoms gathered.
In this huge square, the young cultivators of the four Divine Kingdoms each occupied their own territory. Many Life and Death Realm experts and Divine Sea Realm experts occupied the steps in front of the palace.
Luo Zheng's eyes swept over and found that there were more than thirty Divine Sea Realm experts standing at the top of the steps.
Even though Luo Zheng was quite a distance away, Luo Zheng could still feel the terrifying aura emitted by these Divine Sea Realm experts!
"The foundation of the four Divine Kingdoms is indeed incomparable to that of the Central Region. In their eyes, the Central Region is just a small Uncivilized Land. I wonder if there are any movements in the Divine Kingdom after I killed the two Divine Sea Realm experts of the Great Yu Divine Kingdom?"
Luo Zheng was most worried about encountering the Saintess of the Great Yu Divine Kingdom.
Back in the Heavenly Mist Immortal Tomb, Luo Zheng had a big conflict with the Saintess. If the Saintess of the Divine Kingdom appeared here today, it would be a big trouble for Luo Zheng.
Not to mention so many Divine Sea Realm experts, even if Luo Zheng was targeted by only one Divine Sea Realm expert, it would be impossible for him to escape!
After Luo Zheng followed the disciples of the Profound Jade Martial House into the square, he heard a loud voice coming from the top of the palace. "Black Iron Divine Kingdom, Profound Jade Martial House has arrived!"
The voice was so sharp that it almost spread over a hundred li radius.
Luo Zheng mixed in with the other cultivators and entered the huge square. The three Divine Sea Realm experts of the Profound Jade Martial House stood on the steps of the palace.
However, the positions of the Profound Jade Martial House's three Martial House Masters were slightly lower, at the bottom half of the steps.
On the square, many False Tribulation Realm cultivators occupied different positions according to their respective vassal states. For example, the Profound Jade Martial House and the Black Name Martial House were both from the Black Iron Divine Kingdom, so the cultivators of these two Martial Houses were gathered together.
Not long after, a huge ark descended from the sky and stopped at the river's edge.
Then, the sharp voice sounded again, "Star Field Divine Kingdom, Great Xuan Martial House has arrived!"
From the ark, four Divine Sea Realm experts appeared and slowly flew to the top of the palace's steps. Compared to the positions of the three Martial House Masters of the Profound Jade Martial House, the positions occupied by the Great Xuan Martial House were several levels higher!
Seeing this scene, Luo Zheng understood in his heart.
Although this Divine Kingdom's mainland was occupied by the four Divine Kingdoms, as long as there were people, there would be differences!
The Black Iron Divine Kingdom might not be the strongest among the four Divine Kingdoms.
Although the Profound Jade Martial House was comparable to a sixth grade sect, it was also not the strongest Martial House. The position of the newly arrived Great Xuan Martial House should be above the Profound Jade Martial House.
Luo Zheng's guess was indeed correct.
For so many years, the four Divine Kingdoms had maintained a delicate balance, but there were differences in strength.
Over the years, these four positions had been swapped back and forth, and the seating arrangement had changed frequently.
However, in the last hundred years, the Great Yu Divine Kingdom was the most prosperous, followed by the Star Field Divine Kingdom, followed by the Heavenly Wind Divine Kingdom, and finally the Black Iron Divine Kingdom.
Of course, this ranking was only based on the overall performance of a country's forces and the younger generation. Among the kings of a Divine Nation, the War Emperor and War Emperor had a lifespan of tens of thousands of years. Under normal circumstances, the kings of Divine Nations would not fight with each other, so it was difficult to determine who was better.
Therefore, this ranking did not mean that the Black Iron Divine Kingdom was weaker than the Great Yu Divine Kingdom!
"Heavenly Wind Divine Kingdom, Spirit Communication Martial House has arrived!"
"Great Yu Divine Kingdom, Cloud Dragon Martial House has arrived!"
"…"
Every Martial House was at least a fifth grade sect. The number of Divine Sea Realm experts on the platform was constantly increasing, and the number of False Tribulation Realm warriors on the square was also increasing.
At this moment, Luo Zheng suddenly felt a ray of light blooming in the corner of his eyes. He looked up and saw a dot of light in the west. It was like a small sun, flying rapidly in the sky!
When the dot of light got closer and closer, Luo Zheng could tell from the dot of light that it was actually a golden palace!
The golden palace flew at an extremely fast speed and stopped at the West Dragon River in the blink of an eye. Then, a deep laughter came from the palace.
"Haha! It seems that this old man is early. Ao Xiao and the other old men are not here yet! "
Then, Luo Zheng saw hundreds of figures fly out from the golden palace. The one in the lead was a middle-aged man with a flushed face.
With just a glance, Luo Zheng could feel an irresistible aura coming from this person. This aura wasn't an aura released by soul pressure, but an aura that had been slowly cultivated by being in a high position for many years!
Even Liu Yu of the Heavenly Feather Holy Land did not have this kind of aura. After all, Liu Yu had only been in charge of the Heavenly Feather Holy Land for 200 years. Luo Zheng had only felt this kind of aura from Xun!
Of course, when Xun released his aura, it was even fiercer than this person's! This person's aura was only aimed at human martial artists, but Xun's aura could almost overwhelm all living beings.
"Star Field Divine Kingdom, Sky Fortune Kingdom's King has arrived!" A shrill voice sounded out.
"So it's the King of the Star Field Divine Kingdom! The four Divine Kingdoms are the rulers of this continent. Then, this person's strength should be at least in the top four of the Divine Kingdoms' continents? "Luo Zheng guessed.
The Sky Fortune King laughed, but he didn't obediently fly to the palace. Instead, he stopped above the square for a moment, sweeping his eyes over the many Virtual Tribulation realm martial artists. Then, the Sky Fortune King said, "Where are the disciples and grand disciples of my Star Field Divine Kingdom!?"
Hearing their King ask such a question, the martial artists of the Great Xuan Martial House and the other Martial Houses of the Star Field Divine Kingdom immediately responded like thunder, "Greetings, King! We are here! "
Several hundred Virtual Tribulation realm martial artists roared at the same time, causing the ground to tremble.

Chapter 777
"Not bad. Hehe, little brats, perform well in a moment!"
The Sky Fortune Kingdom King said with a smile. Then, he led the people behind him to stand on the highest platform.
Among the martial artists that followed behind the Sky Fortune Kingdom King, there were Life and Death powerhouses as well as many False Tribulation realm martial artists. These should be the princes and princes of the Star Field Divine Kingdom …
After the Star Field Divine Kingdom's King arrived, not too far away, a stream of blue light shot towards them. This stream of light was like a comet, dragging a long trail behind it as it shot towards them.
As this stream of light approached, Luo Zheng discovered that it was actually a giant sword that had been magnified countless times.
"The King of Yu Da Divine Kingdom has arrived!" Someone recognized the origin of this giant sword.
Sure enough, after the giant sword stopped at the riverside, many Divine Sea realm powerhouses appeared from the giant sword, followed by several hundred people.
At this time, a shrill voice announced, "The King of Yu Da Divine Kingdom, Battle Emperor Yu Da Yu has arrived!"
Compared to the Star Field Divine Kingdom's King Tian Yun, Battle Emperor Yu Da Yu's personality was much more gloomy. He flew all the way to the square, but didn't say a single word. He led his people directly to the top of the platform.
Luo Zheng carefully sized up the crowd and saw a woman with a veil on her face following behind Battle Emperor Yu Da Yu. The veil couldn't cover her face. Luo Zheng's eyebrows twitched and he shrank back into the crowd.
This woman was the Divine Kingdom's Saintess!
He didn't know what the status of this Saintess was in Yu Da Divine Kingdom. If she saw him, would those Divine Sea realm powerhouses make things difficult for him?
Just like the two Kings that had just arrived. Whether it was the Sky Fortune Kingdom's King or Battle Emperor Yu Da Yu, they were both Divine Sea realm powerhouses. However, there were also differences between Divine Sea realm powerhouses. With Luo Zheng's current strength, it was impossible for him to escape from their hands.
What if the Saintess said something? Would Battle Emperor Da Yu attack him?
Luo Zheng felt a little anxious, but he quickly took a deep breath and tried to calm himself down. He believed in his own luck. He had survived so many difficulties, and now Luo Zheng was trying to calm himself down.
Next, the rulers of the Heavenly Wind Divine Nation and the Black Iron Divine Nation arrived one after another. The ruler of the Heavenly Wind Divine Nation was called the Heavenly Wind War Emperor, while the ruler of the Black Iron Divine Nation was called Zhou Huang by his name.
The title of Monarch was indeed very confusing. The other warriors were used to it, but Luo Zheng felt very awkward.
This was because after reaching the Divine Sea Realm, one would be bestowed with the title of Emperor. However, some warriors still kept their lives, while others were called War Emperors or War Emperors …
Behind Zhou Huang, Luo Zheng found that King of Yan was among them. Together with King of Yan was the Crown Prince, who was sitting in a wheelchair.
On the steps, there were many Divine Sea Realm warriors and the Royal Families of the four Divine Kingdoms. In the square below the steps, there were the young elites of the four Divine Kingdoms.
After almost everyone had arrived, the sharp voice rang out again.
"The people of the four Divine Kingdoms are all here. According to the usual practice, we will first determine the winner and loser before we begin the sacrifice!"
Coming to the estuary of the Sky Feather Sacred Ocean, Luo Zheng also understood how the four Divine Kingdoms explored the Sky Feather Sacred Ocean every year.
In the eyes of the four Divine Kingdoms, the Sky Feather Sacred Ocean was like a huge cake. Every Divine Kingdom would cut a slice of the cake every year. However, the number of slices of the cake and who would cut it first was always determined in order every year.
Hundreds of years ago, the rulers of the four Divine Kingdoms basically quarreled with each other. There were a few times when they almost came to blows.
The fight between these War Emperors and War Emperors was too earth-shattering. Moreover, the four Divine Kingdoms were of the same breath and branch. Such a quarrel would hurt the harmony.
Therefore, before the sacrifice, the top warriors of the four Divine Kingdoms' young generation would have to determine the winner and loser. Firstly, it would be a way to assess the strength of each Divine Kingdom's young generation. Secondly, it would be a way to determine the order.
Over time, the four Divine Kingdoms began to pay more and more attention to this competition. There were even some martial artists of the Divine Kingdoms who gathered the results of these battles together to predict the future strength and fortune of each Divine Kingdom!
The four Divine Kingdoms' rulers stood at the highest point. After hearing these words, the Sky Fortune Kingdom King laughed and said, "Good! Little bastards of my Star Wilderness Divine Kingdom, step forward first! "
The Star Wilderness Divine Kingdom had three sixth-grade Martial Houses. There were as many as six martial artists that could stand on the first step. As the Sky Fortune Kingdom King's voice fell, a martial artist in the square suddenly turned into a stream of light and rushed out. He arrived at the bottom of the steps and bowed, loudly replying, "Kingdom King, I, Zhao Tianji, will represent the Great Xuan Martial House to fight!"
The Sky Fortune Kingdom King was the Kingdom King of the Star Wilderness Divine Kingdom, so he naturally had a good understanding of the young masters of his Divine Kingdom. He seemed to be very confident in this Zhao Tianji. He boldly laughed and said, "Good! Then you will fight! I wonder if the little bastards of the other Divine Kingdoms dare to challenge me? "
As the Sky Fortune Kingdom King's voice fell, a beam of light shot out from the square, instantly arriving at the bottom of the steps. This person was a martial artist from the Great Yu Divine Kingdom. His stature was tall and sturdy, as strong as a vicious beast.
"Great Yu Divine Kingdom, Wolf Shadow Martial House, Yun Longtao, accept the challenge!"
After the martial artist finished speaking, the gloomy face of Battle Emperor Yu of the Great Yu Divine Kingdom revealed a faint smile. He encouraged, "Longtao, I've heard that you are invincible under the False Tribulation Realm. This time, you won't disappoint me!"
"Reporting to the Monarch, being invincible below the Void Tribulation Realm is just a rumor." Although Yun Longtao said this, he seemed to exude a strong sense of confidence in his bones. It was as if he did not put the many Void Tribulation Realm warriors present in his eyes.
Since the opponents of the two Divine Kingdoms had jumped out, the battle naturally began.
When False Tribulation Realm martial artists exchanged pointers, the commotion was huge. Especially when the late stage False Tribulation Realm martial artists were strong enough to move mountains and drain seas. Even if the area was large, it wasn't enough for them to display their full strength.
However, two Divine Sea Realm martial artists walked down the steps. With a wave of their hands, thin lines appeared in the air. These thin lines formed a huge rectangular barrier in the air. This barrier was the space where they fought.
A barrier created by a Divine Sea Realm martial artist was far from being broken by a False Tribulation Realm martial artist.
Luo Zheng didn't take this battle to heart. In his opinion, this battle had nothing to do with him.
Originally, it was just a battle between the younger generation of martial artists from the four Divine Kingdoms. What he cared about was entering the Heavenly Feather Sacred Sea …
At this time, he could only be patient and wait for a victor to emerge.
According to Luo Zheng's estimation, this battle wouldn't last too long. There were only four martial artists from the Black Iron Divine Kingdom who could stand on the first step. In a while, the Black Iron Divine Kingdom's martial artists would most likely be Prince Yan, the Crown Prince, Xiao Daoyuan, and Zhan Yun.
Even if the Star Field Divine Kingdom and the Great Yu Divine Kingdom were slightly stronger than the Black Iron Divine Kingdom, there wouldn't be too many martial artists who could stand on the first step. At most, there would be about six or seven martial artists.
On the square, many False Tribulation Realm martial artists were nervously watching the battle in the barrier.
The sense of belonging and identity of a Divine Kingdom's martial artist was stronger than that of a sect! Therefore, martial artists born in a Divine Kingdom paid more attention to the glory of their Divine Kingdom!
This battle was to determine the winner between the Star Field Divine Kingdom and the Great Yu Divine Kingdom. The martial artists from these two Divine Kingdoms were naturally the most nervous and concerned. As for the Black Iron Divine Kingdom and the Heavenly Wind Divine Kingdom, they were watching the battle with the mentality of watching a show.
"Rumble …"
The cuboid above everyone's head was filled with fierce flames. As soon as the two of them entered the arena, the situation had reached a climax.
Representing one's own Divine Kingdom in a battle, this glory was something that the younger generation of martial artists had to fight for no matter what!
"Hmph, this Yun Longtao claims to be invincible under the False Tribulation Realm? I think the Great Yu Divine Kingdom is getting better at bragging! "
"Yes, he is definitely not a match for Senior Brother Zhao!" The one who spoke was a martial artist from the Great Xuan Martial House. He should be Zhao Tianji's senior brother.
However, the martial artist from the Great Yu Divine Kingdom also retorted, "Hehe, in a while, Big Brother Longtao will beat your bullshit Tianji until he is looking for his teeth on the ground!"
"What the f * ck are you talking about! Do you believe that I will beat you until you are looking for your teeth on the ground right now? "
Just as they started fighting, the square was already in a heated argument, especially the martial artists from the Star Field Divine Kingdom and the Great Yu Divine Kingdom. They were all in high spirits and looked like they were about to fight.
Luo Zheng could only shake his head with a helpless smile on his face. These martial artists had already stepped into the False Tribulation Realm, but their mentality was still so immature …
In contrast, the False Tribulation Realm martial artists of the Central Domain and the War Reverends of the Sea God Continent were much more mature than them.
However, on second thought, Luo Zheng could understand. These False Tribulation Realm martial artists had all grown up in the Martial House. Furthermore, they were able to follow their Divine Kingdoms here. Basically, they were the elites of the elites and were generally young.
Unlike the False Tribulation Realm martial artists of the Central Domain, most of them had lived for more than 100 years.
As for the War Reverends of the Sea God Continent, they had been tempered by life and death in the Tower of Sin. Naturally, they would not be so naive and easily angered.
This scene happened about once a year. Many Divine Sea Realm martial artists on the platform turned a blind eye to it. Despite the argument, everyone's attention was still focused on the battle in mid-air.
Zhao Tianji's cultivation technique was of the fire attribute. Moreover, he seemed to have grasped the third level of the Law of Fire. His flames contained an extremely destructive power.
Luo Zheng sized him up. This person's strength was indeed not simple.
However, the martial artist named Hou Longtao was even stronger! He was indeed known to be invincible under the False Tribulation Realm. Space constantly twisted around his body, forcibly blocking all the flames outside his body!
"Eh? Using the power of space to create a thin layer of space as your own armor? " Luo Zheng's eyes flashed. This should be the third level of the Law of Space. Even Luo Zheng did not have the opportunity to comprehend it. The four Divine Kingdoms indeed had a deep foundation!
＝＝＝＝＝

Chapter 778
Not only was Yun Longtao proficient in the law of space, but his cultivation method was also very unique. He was able to compress space into a thin layer to protect himself.
It was equivalent to using space to create an armor for himself!
In the False Tribulation Realm, most of the martial artists did not have the strength to tear space. As long as they could not break the "space armor" in front of him, they would not be able to harm him!
Luo Zheng's eyes flickered slightly. The four Divine Kingdoms' inheritances were indeed profound.
Although Zhao Tianji's attacks were extremely fierce, under Hou Longtao's suppression, he did not have much room to display his strength!
Unless Zhao Tianji had the strength to tear space or was proficient in the law of space, no matter how fierce his attacks were or how powerful the law of fire was, they would not be able to harm Yun Longtao.
"I'm afraid this Zhao Tianji is going to lose." Luo Zheng shook his head and said.
The speaker did not mean it, but the listener did.
Zhao Tianji had steadily entered the first tier of the Star Field Divine Kingdom. He was one of the strongest in the Great Xuan Martial House. At this time, a group of martial artists from the Great Xuan Martial House were watching the battle with wide eyes.
Suddenly, they heard a martial artist from the Black Iron Divine Kingdom say these words. The martial artist from the Great Xuan Martial House was furious.
"Although our Senior Brother Zhao is going to lose, do you want to die?" Brat, are you courting death? "Several Void Tribulation Realm cultivators of Great Xuan Martial House turned their heads and glared at Luo Zheng.
"Senior Brother Zhao is our Great Xuan Martial House's Golden Crown Champion! He is also one of the six strongest martial artists from the Star Field Divine Kingdom. Especially you! "
"Black Iron Divine Nation, hmph hmph, ranked last every year. The Profound Jade Martial House can't even compare to the Black Iron Martial House, the last of the last. I heard that the strongest person in the Profound Jade Martial House is called Zhan Yun. Hehe, that brat isn't even qualified to carry shoes for our Great Profound Martial House! Why are you all paying attention to his words! "
Hearing the other party's sarcastic remarks, Luo Zheng rolled his eyes. He should not have spoken.
However, Luo Zheng was not angry at all. His expression was indifferent. Although the Divine Kingdoms' inheritances were powerful, these martial artists were still flowers that grew steadily in a greenhouse. Their thoughts were simple. Luo Zheng could understand them.
However, Luo Zheng did not speak. He wanted to keep the peace, but the Profound Jade Martial House's martial artists were not willing to do so!
"What did you say? Our Profound Jade Martial House is at the bottom! What nonsense is this dog spitting out?! "
"Look at how powerful the Great Xuan Martial House is. When our Senior Brother Zhan Yun goes up, he will beat the shit out of your Great Xuan Martial House!"
"Humph, a Martial House full of eunuchs dares to jump out and speak!"
The warriors of Profound Jade Martial House retaliated, which immediately enraged the Great Xuan Martial House. The first part of the sentence was still fine, but the last part poked the pain of many warriors of Great Xuan Martial House.
The Great Xuan Martial House was indeed the number one martial house in the Star Field Divine Nation.
However, Martial Houses were usually established with the support of the Divine Nations. Most of the Martial Houses were established by Battle Emperors and Battle Emperors. However, the Great Xuan Martial House was established by a group of eunuchs in the early years. There were also experts among the eunuchs!
As a matter of fact, eunuchs had a natural advantage when it came to cultivation. Once their Qi was removed, eunuchs would be able to guard their Yang Essence. Thus, they would be able to achieve twice the result with half the effort when cultivating some pure Yang Arts. There was no lack of Divine Sea Realm eunuchs in the four Divine Kingdoms.
Not only was the Great Xuan Martial House established by eunuchs, but there were also a few Divine Sea Realm experts in the Martial House. Moreover, they were all eunuchs …
Therefore, the warriors of the four Divine Nations privately referred to the Great Xuan Martial House as the Eunuch Martial House!
Even after so many years of development, the Great Xuan Martial House still couldn't wash off this name. It was fine for the other Divine Nations to talk about it privately. However, if the warriors of the Great Xuan Martial House heard it, they would inevitably fight.
What's more, the warriors of the Profound Jade Martial House were openly mocking them?
The warriors of the Great Xuan Martial House were all flushed with anger. They circulated their True Essence and were about to fight.
The Profound Jade Martial House was also unwilling to pass on their responsibility. They were all Void Tribulation Realm warriors and the geniuses of the Divine Nations. They were at the age where they were hot-blooded and vigorous. How could they be patient?
At this moment, a majestic aura suddenly enveloped them!
It was a Divine Sea Realm expert who enveloped them, trying to calm the commotion here.
How powerful was the aura of a Divine Sea Realm expert? That aura was as solid as a solid object, pressing down on the heads of many Void Tribulation Realm warriors. The warriors of the Profound Jade Martial House and the Great Xuan Martial House suddenly felt as if a mountain was pressing down on their heads.
Even Zhan Yun in the Profound Jade Martial House held his breath. He felt that his hands and feet were stiff, unable to move.
Only Luo Zheng looked indifferent. He had a faint smile on his face as he glanced at the Divine Sea Realm expert in the distance.
The Divine Sea Realm expert suppressed his aura and suddenly found that there was one person among the Void Tribulation Realm warriors who wasn't affected at all. He was slightly surprised. The Divine Sea Realm expert sized up Luo Zheng curiously before he slowly withdrew his aura.
He was puzzled. Since when did such a person appear in the Profound Jade Martial House? Can't even suppress my aura?
The soul of a Divine Sea Realm expert was basically at the Battle Soul Realm. Originally, under his aura, the warriors of the Great Xuan Martial House and the Profound Jade Martial House shouldn't be able to move. Although that kid didn't move, the Divine Sea Realm expert clearly felt that he wasn't affected by his aura!
A Void Tribulation Realm warrior with the soul of a Battle Soul Realm warrior? This was impossible, unless this kid had a magic weapon that could resist soul aura pressure …
But a magic weapon that could resist a Divine Sea Realm expert's soul aura pressure, even the Crown Prince of the Black Iron Divine Kingdom didn't necessarily have one.
The Divine Sea Realm expert was puzzled, but he didn't say anything. He was responsible for maintaining order in the square, but the Profound Jade Martial House belonged to the Black Iron Divine Kingdom. If he were to rashly ask, he was afraid that the Black Iron Divine Kingdom's Monarch, Zhou Huang, would be unhappy.
Therefore, he only paid a little attention to Luo Zheng and didn't say anything.
Just as the commotion died down, the outcome of the battle above had been decided.
Just like Luo Zheng said, Zhao Tianji's attack was indeed fierce. It would be difficult to find an opponent in the Void Tribulation Realm. The problem was that the young geniuses of the four Divine Kingdoms had all gathered here. Everyone had their own trump cards. Zhao Tianji couldn't break through Yun Longtao's "Space Armor" and was defeated in the end.
"Bang!"
Zhao Tianji fell from the sky and directly knelt on the ground. His face was dejected as he said to the Sky Fortune Kingdom's Monarch, "Monarch, I lost!"
The Sky Fortune Kingdom's Monarch faintly smiled and said, "Please rise! Victory and defeat are common in war! You don't need to worry about it! "
Although the Monarch was comforting him, Zhao Tianji was still very depressed. After all, he was representing the Star Field Divine Kingdom. At this time, he wasn't representing himself, but the Great Xuan Martial House and the entire Star Field Divine Kingdom!
All of the Star Field Divine Kingdom's martial artists had ugly complexions. Many of them were eager to jump out and challenge Yun Longtao.
After all, the Star Field Divine Kingdom had several other Martial Houses besides the Great Xuan Martial House, and some of them were no weaker than Zhao Tianji.
Yun Longtao stood with his hands behind his back, floating in the air. His face was full of arrogance as he swept his eyes over the Void Tribulation Realm martial artists in the square. He was waiting for others to challenge him.
Since Yun Longtao dared to call himself invincible under the Void Tribulation Realm, he had full confidence in his own strength!
"I'll go! I, Li Yulong, challenge you! "
"I'll go, I …"
"Let me deal with this guy first!"
The most excited ones were the Star Field Divine Kingdom's martial artists. They had just lost a battle, and now they were eager to prove themselves.
However, the sharp voice sounded again. "According to the rules, the challenges will take turns. Next, it will be the Sky Wind Divine Kingdom and Black Iron Divine Kingdom's turn to challenge!"
King Yan and the Crown Prince's eyes were sparkling.
This kind of challenge was to assess the strength of the younger generation of martial artists in the Divine Kingdom. Although King Yan and the Crown Prince were qualified to fight, they belonged to the royal family of the Divine Kingdom and had a noble bloodline. Under normal circumstances, they couldn't participate in this level of battle.
However, although they couldn't participate, they had the right to make suggestions! For example, the Crown Prince could order Zhan Yun and Xiao Daoyuan to fight on his behalf!
Although King Yan had his own men, the only one who was qualified and had the strength to fight on his behalf was Luo Zheng!
However, King Yan was hesitating. Would Luo Zheng be willing?
Just as King Yan was hesitating, another quarrel broke out in the square.
Due to Zhao Tianji's defeat, many of the Great Xuan Martial House's martial artists were unhappy. At this time, it wasn't the Star Field Divine Kingdom's turn to challenge. Many of the martial artists had nowhere to vent their anger, so they targeted the Profound Jade Martial House.
"Isn't your Profound Jade Martial House very powerful? If you have the guts, why don't you go up and try? "
"That Zhan Yun, the number one expert of the Profound Jade Martial House, why don't you go up and show us your skills? I'm afraid he will still be beaten to a pulp by Yun Longtao! "
"I'm afraid the Profound Jade Martial House will be even worse!"
The Great Xuan Martial House's martial artists were in an uproar again. When Zhan Yun's eyes met the Crown Prince's, the Crown Prince's face revealed a faint smile. He then held the wheelchair and said, "Zhan Yun, you will represent me in the battle!"
Zhan Yun was waiting for the Crown Prince to say this. He nodded and turned into a stream of light, shooting into the sky!
At this time, many of the Profound Jade Martial House's martial artists were in an uproar.
"Senior Brother Zhan Yun, do your best!"
"Zhan Yun, that brat only knows how to use the space law to block. You have to end the battle quickly!"
"Our Profound Jade Martial House can't be looked down upon by others!"
The atmosphere suddenly became lively. After Zhan Yun flew up, he suddenly pulled out a saber from his back. The saber's blade was wide and thick. The back of the blade was like a wolf's fang, flickering with a faint blue light.
"A False Tribulation Realm martial artist can be equipped with a mid-grade saint tool … I wonder if there are any divine tools in the Divine Kingdom's mainland," Luo Zheng guessed.
In all fairness, Luo Zheng wasn't very concerned about the result of the battle. He wasn't born in the Profound Jade Martial House, nor was he a citizen of the Black Iron Divine Kingdom. He came to the Divine Kingdom with the mission of saving Ning Yudie. He had to seize this opportunity to observe the battle in front of him for the rest of the journey.
In addition, he had some worries in his heart. Since the Crown Prince could send someone to represent Zhan Yun in the battle, wouldn't Yan Wang come looking for him?
Luo Zheng wasn't afraid of battle. However, if he participated in the battle, he would definitely attract the attention of the Saintess of the Great Yu Divine Kingdom. What should he do?

Chapter 779
A martial artist had to compete with others, with the earth, and with the heavens.
Luo Zheng wasn't afraid of being challenged by others, nor was he afraid of challenging others.
On the contrary, only by competing with the geniuses of the world could he go further on the path of martial arts.
If it wasn't for Ning Yudie, Luo Zheng would also step onto the Divine Kingdom Continent and challenge the geniuses there!
However, the most important thing for Luo Zheng now was to collect the Origin Stones of Life. He didn't want to get involved in other troubles. Moreover, if the Saintess of the Divine Kingdom found out about him, she would probably make things difficult for him. It might even lead to the attack of the Divine Sea Realm experts of the Divine Kingdom of Yu the Great.
To be safe, Luo Zheng had chosen to keep a low profile since he entered the Divine Kingdom Continent.
However, as the situation developed, someone would eventually push Luo Zheng out from behind the scenes. He secretly glanced at King Yan who was on the stairs and sighed in his heart. Looking at King Yan's eager expression, he was afraid that he wouldn't be able to escape.
Luo Zheng's guess was correct.
King Yan was the same as the Crown Prince. They both wanted to prove themselves in front of Zhou Huang. They wanted to prove not only their strength but also their talent.
If the Crown Prince could persuade people like Xiao Daoyuan and Zhan Yun, what about King Yan?
This was also the reason why King Yan treated Luo Zheng so well. In order to win over Luo Zheng, he even condescended and treated himself as an equal to Luo Zheng. He calmly opened his heart to Luo Zheng and told him about his current predicament. This was because King Yan also knew that people like Luo Zheng couldn't be moved by ordinary things. The only way was to treat him with sincerity.
Moreover, King Yan believed in his own judgment. Luo Zheng's strength was worthy of his friendship!
Therefore, King Yan wasn't thinking about whether Luo Zheng would fight, but when he would fight.
The battle in the sky was in full swing. Zhan Yun was indeed the strongest False Tribulation Realm expert in the Profound Jade Martial House. His attacks were even stronger than Zhao Tianji's!
In particular, the medium quality god artifact in his hand was able to leave a faint mark on Yun Longtao's Spatial Armour every time he slashed out. Although he was unable to shatter the Spatial Armour, everyone could see it clearly.
Those marks continued to increase and deepen. If they accumulated to a certain extent, the spatial armor would eventually collapse.
"My saber is called Dragon's Tooth. It was forged from the teeth of a true dragon. Blindly resisting is useless. This tortoise shell on your body will eventually be shattered by me! A martial artist who only knows how to retreat will eventually be defeated! "Zhan Yun sneered. His figure was like the wind, instantly transforming into a beam of light that rushed towards Yun Longtao.
"Lose!"
Clang!
Zhan Yun slashed out again, landing on Yun Longtao's spatial armor.
The saber intent that Zhan Yun possessed contained an aura that could cut through everything in the world. Many Void Tribulation Realm warriors looked over and their eyelids twitched.
Luo Zheng nodded slightly. Zhan Yun's attacks were indeed very sharp. If Yun Longtao continued to resist like this, Zhan Yun would eventually break through the spatial armor.
Unfortunately, it was still not enough … Luo Zheng sighed slightly.
From the beginning, Yun Longtao had only used the spatial armor to resist. This person's strength should not be limited to this! Zhan Yun might not be able to take down this opponent.
If Zhan Yun could defeat Yun Longtao, it would be a good thing for Luo Zheng. After all, King Yan would not allow him to challenge Zhan Yun. After all, they were martial artists from the same Divine Kingdom. If Luo Zheng challenged Zhan Yun, it would probably be a setback.
But then again, even if Zhan Yun could defeat Yun Longtao, there were other martial artists from the four Divine Kingdoms who could defeat Zhan Yun. When the time came, Luo Zheng would still have to fight.
Luo Zheng's prediction was still quite reliable!
Previously, Zhan Yun had relied on his sharp saber techniques to suppress Yun Longtao. If Zhan Yun continued to slash like this, Yun Longtao would probably be defeated.
However, after Yun Longtao took that slash, he actually took the initiative to remove the spatial armor on his body.
He glanced at Zhan Yun indifferently with a look of contempt on his face. Then, he stretched out his hand and beckoned. Specks of light, like fireflies, gathered around his arm.
"Buzz buzz buzz …"
The space around his hand vibrated gently, emitting a slight buzzing sound.
Soon, a hazy longsword appeared in his hand.
Rather than calling it a sword, it was better to call it a space in the shape of a longsword!
This person actually used space as a weapon?
"Senior Brother Yun Tao's Void Slashing Sword! Hehe, here comes the main event! "
"This Zhan Yun was able to force out Senior Brother Yun Tao's ultimate move. It's enough for him to be proud!"
"However, Senior Brother Yun Tao's Void Slashing Sword is bound to cut off limbs. I'm afraid this Zhan Yun is going to be miserable!"
Hearing the discussions below, how could Zhan Yun not know the power of the Void Slashing Sword? However, his eyes were still filled with unswerving determination. He had gone from an unknown martial artist to standing at the top of the younger generation in Profound Jade Martial House. He had also put in a lot of effort and sweat.
To be able to obtain the Crown Prince's recognition and fight for him was a supreme honor for Zhan Yun. At this time, it was impossible for him to shrink back.
"Did you hear that?" Yun Longtao asked indifferently. "The Void Slashing Sword is bound to cut off limbs. Leave one of your hands behind and get lost!"
"Pa!"
On the stairs, the Crown Prince's hand slammed heavily on the armrest of the wheelchair. The armrest of the wheelchair was also made of ironwood, but with this slap, the entire wheelchair was turned into fine powder and scattered to the ground. As for the Crown Prince, he maintained his sitting position and floated in the air.
When the eunuch next to him saw this, he quickly took out another wheelchair and carefully placed it under the Crown Prince. "This Yun Longtao is too presumptuous!" After the Crown Prince finished speaking, he gently landed on the wheelchair.
The Monarchs of the four Divine Kingdoms noticed his actions and smiled. The matters of the younger generation would naturally be settled by the younger generation. Under normal circumstances, the elders would not interfere.
On the platform at the top of the steps, other than the Crown Prince of Black Iron Divine Kingdom, the Crown Prince of Great Yu Divine Kingdom was also there. However, the Crown Prince of Great Yu Divine Kingdom did not speak. Instead, it was the Saintess of Great Yu Divine Kingdom who chuckled. "Oh, Brother Zhou Ning, are you angry?"
The Black Iron Divine Kingdom belonged to the Zhou Clan and the Crown Prince's full name was Zhou Ning.
Zhou Ning snorted coldly and did not bother with the Saintess of Great Yu Divine Kingdom. His gaze was like a knife as he stared at the battle in the air.
At this time, the King of Yan felt more comfortable. Although Zhan Yun was representing the Black Iron Divine Kingdom, he was not one of the King of Yan's men. Moreover, Zhan Yun was originally invited by Zhou Ning and could be considered as representing Zhou Ning. It would be good if he lost!
It would be best if Xiao Daoyuan was also defeated. At this time, Luo Zheng would be able to show the King of Yan's foresight. The King of Yan thought in his heart.
Actually, the King of Yan had not seen Luo Zheng's true strength. However, he trusted Luo Zheng very much!
After Yun Longtao took out the Sky Slashing Sword, he quickly attacked Zhan Yun three times!
The Sky Slashing Sword was almost transparent. If one did not look carefully, one would not even be able to see its true form. One could only vaguely recognize the shape of the sword through the distorted light of space!
"Clang!"
The first slash of the Sky Slashing Sword caused cracks to appear on Zhan Yun's Dragon Tooth.
"Clang!"
The second slash directly shattered Zhan Yun's Dragon Tooth into pieces!
"Clang!"
The third slash easily slashed Zhan Yun's shoulder. With a burst of blood, Zhan Yun's arm fell from the sky.
What three slashes!
Luo Zheng raised his eyebrows. This opponent was indeed not simple!
"Too powerful! He is invincible in the False Tribulation Realm. No wonder he is invincible in the False Tribulation Realm! "
"The Sky Slashing Sword is almost indestructible. Even a middle-grade Sacred Artifact could not withstand it. It is like cutting vegetables. I wonder who would dare to challenge it?"
"Our Senior Brother Longtao is an invincible existence! Hahaha! "
This was only a competition, and it was important to stop at a certain point. After all, everyone still had to explore the Secret Realm. Since Yun Longtao's arm was cut off, it was his loss!
Zhan Yun gritted his teeth. He could only retreat and pick up his arm.
A warrior's broken arm could be reattached. However, he was afraid that his arm would not be able to recover in the next few months. This would greatly affect his exploration of the Secret Realm. However, Zhan Yun had nothing to complain about as his skills were inferior.
Yun Longtao bowed to Battle Emperor Yu the Great. Battle Emperor Yu the Great's gloomy face finally revealed a slight smile. "Good! Yun Longtao! My Divine Kingdom of Yu the Great will reward you well! "
"Thank you, Your Majesty. I, Yun Longtao, only fight for the Divine Kingdom of Yu the Great. I do not ask for any reward!" After he finished speaking, he turned his head to face the square and said indifferently, "Who else wants to challenge me?"
Crown Prince Zhou Ning's face was extremely gloomy. At this moment, he said coldly, "Xiao Daoyuan, you go!"
Zhou Ning wanted to vent his anger. However, Yun Longtao was not from the Black Iron Divine Kingdom. He was a warrior from the Divine Kingdom of Yu the Great. At this moment, Crown Prince Zhou Ning could only place his hopes on Xiao Daoyuan. If Xiao Daoyuan was defeated by Yun Longtao, he would have no other cards to play.
"According to the rules, only the Heavenly Wind Divine Kingdom and the Star Field Divine Kingdom are allowed to challenge each other!"
The Divine Kingdoms could not continue to challenge each other. In his anger, Zhou Ning had forgotten this rule.
On the other hand, Zhou Huang said to Zhou Ning indifferently, "Ning 'er, don't be impatient. You will become a joke in front of others."
Battle Emperor Yu the Great chuckled and said, "Brother Zhou Huang is right. There are some things that can't be rushed!"
Zhou Huang coldly glanced at Battle Emperor Yu the Great. In these past years, the Great Yu Divine Kingdom had been very strong. However, the four Divine Kingdoms relied on each other for survival and restrained each other. Every dog had its day. Tomorrow, come to my house. This Battle Emperor Yu the Great's temperament was cold and gloomy, and he especially liked to show off!
On the surface, the several Divine Kingdoms didn't care about winning or losing. The victory or defeat of several Virtual Tribulation realm martial artists didn't mean anything. In fact, everyone was secretly competing with each other!
At this time, the Star Field Divine Kingdom's Sky Fortune King said, "Zhuo 'er, do you have anyone to recommend?"
The Star Field Divine Kingdom had already lost a round to Yun Longtao. They were anxious to regain their face. The Sky Fortune King couldn't recommend anyone, so he naturally asked his son.
The Zhuo 'er he spoke of was the Star Field Divine Kingdom's Crown Prince. The Crown Prince's eyes flashed and he said, "Yue Congyun! You will fight in my place! "

Chapter 780
In Star Field Divine Nation, there were a total of six geniuses in the first tier.
Previously, Zhao Tianji had already been defeated. However, there were still quite a number of people who could fight. Moreover, these six people did not include the members of the Royal Family of the Star Field Divine Nation. For example, the Crown Prince of the Star Field Divine Nation was also firmly ranked in the first tier.
In comparison, Luo Zheng's Black Iron Divine Nation was a bit shabby. If Prince Yan and Crown Prince Zhou Ning were excluded, then only Zhan Yun and Xiao Daoyuan could stand firmly in the first tier. Moreover, Zhan Yun had already been defeated, so Xiao Daoyuan was the only one who could fight.
Of course, this was what the other Divine Nations thought. Aside from Luo Zheng's display of strength in the Profound Jade Martial House's assessment, he had not displayed much of his strength. The other three Divine Nations did not know of the existence of such a character in the Black Iron Divine Nation.
Under the command of the Crown Prince of Star Field Divine Nation, Yue Congyun naturally had to fight.
Zhao Tianji of Star Field Divine Nation had already been defeated by Yun Longtao. If Yue Congyun lost again, then it would be equivalent to losing to Yun Longtao consecutively.
Moreover, Zhao Tianji was a candidate recommended by the Crown Prince of Star Field Divine Nation. If he lost again, then the Star Field Divine Nation would lose face.
However, the Star Field Divine Nation's warriors seemed to have a lot of confidence in Yue Congyun's strength. After Yue Congyun rushed into the barrier in the sky, the Star Field Divine Nation's warriors became excited again.
Among them, the cultivators from Great Xuan Martial House were the most excited. Although Yue Congyun wasn't from Great Xuan Martial House, but from another Martial House in Star Field Divine Nation, Yue Congyun still had high hopes placed on him. If he could defeat Yun Longtao, it could be considered as helping Great Xuan Martial House regain face.
"Congyun, you just have to avoid his attack. That guy is only relying on that broken sword!"
"Yes, be careful not to get hit by his sword. With your speed, you can definitely do it!"
Yue Congyun was obviously a warrior who excelled in speed. He silently nodded to the crowd below and then made a "please" gesture to Yun Longtao.
Since Yun Longtao had already taken out the Sky Slashing Sword, there was no reason for him to take it back. He stretched out three fingers towards Yue Congyun, "Three swords, I only need three swords to deal with you!"
"Too arrogant! Yun Longtao, come down if you have the ability. See if we don't smash you into meat paste! "
"Yue Congyun, avoid his first three strikes! In a while, if he can't win, I want to see how arrogant he is, how he slaps his own face! "
Many of the Star Field Divine Kingdom's martial artists were originally filled with anger towards Yun Longtao. Hearing his words, it was like adding oil to the fire!
How could Yun Longtao care about the provocations of these martial artists? Although there were many Virtual Tribulation Realm martial artists in the four Divine Kingdoms, and most of the martial artists that came today were either first or second rank martial artists, and most of them had Divine Rank talent, there were only 20-30 people that could fly into the air and participate in the competition!
Yun Longtao did not place these people below in his eyes at all.
Many Spirit Sea Realm warriors on the stairs turned a deaf ear to the noise on the square. As far as they were concerned, it was a good thing to have a lively atmosphere. It was okay to argue, as long as they didn't fight. Therefore, they didn't stop those warriors.
Amidst this clamor, Yun Longtao made the first move this time!
He waved the Sky Slashing Sword and took a step forward, crossing through space and approaching Yue Congyun. The transparent longsword in his hand was already slashing towards Yue Congyun's head!
Luo Zheng often used the short-distance crossing through space. It could indeed create an unexpected effect, making it difficult for the opponent to react.
Yue Congyun was also startled. In fact, Yue Congyun had already lost his confidence in facing Yun Longtao. His strength was similar to Zhao Tianji's. The four Divine Kingdoms often held internal competitions. Although he and Zhao Tianji came from different Martial Houses, they had fought several times. Both of them won and lost, with Zhao Tianji winning more times.
Even Zhao Tianji was defeated by Yun Longtao, but Yue Congyun did not have the confidence to defeat Yun Longtao. However, under the Crown Prince's order, he had to fight!
If a martial artist's strength was on par, it would be a battle of confidence. Once he lost his confidence and momentum, he would lose everything.
What's more, after hearing the words of the Star Field Divine Kingdom's martial artists, Yue Congyun had already made up his mind. Since Yun Longtao said he would defeat him in three strikes, then he would avoid those three strikes!
Therefore, facing Yun Longtao's first strike, Yue Congyun did not choose to counterattack. Instead, he chose to run!
"Sou!"
Yue Congyun was originally an expert in movement techniques. Yun Longtao's first strike only touched his robes, cutting off a corner of his robes.
Yue Congyun's ghostly figure spun at high speed within the barrier. His intention could not be more obvious. He wanted to avoid Yun Longtao's Sky Slashing Sword!
Seeing this, Luo Zheng could not help but shake his head. As the saying goes, when two rivals meet on a narrow path, the courageous will emerge victorious. If one did not even have the courage to face his opponent head-on, how could one win? Did this guy think that Yun Longtao would let him go after three strikes? That was too naive.
Yun Longtao said three strikes to show off his strength and at the same time put psychological pressure on Yue Congyun. What's more, he did not say that if he could not defeat Yue Congyun in three strikes, then he would lose.
"Sou …"
Although Yue Congyun's speed was extremely fast and his identity was extremely strange, Yun Longtao, who was proficient in the Laws of Space, only needed to take a single step to instantly close in on Yue Congyun.
The Sky Slashing Sword was like an invisible viper that swallowed Yue Congyun whole.
Yue Congyun's face was filled with shock. He used all of his strength to make a stiff turn in the air. The Sky Slashing Sword slashed across his neck, cutting off more than half of his hair!
Although Yue Congyun looked very distressed, there was a smile on his face. At least he had successfully avoided Yun Longtao's second strike.
"The second strike!"
"There's still one more strike, just avoid the last one!"
"Brother Congyun, you can do it!"
The Star Field Divine Kingdom's martial artists immediately roared. They could also see Yue Congyun's intentions. He had to avoid Yun Longtao's three strikes first!
At the top of the stage, the Crown Prince of Heavenly Wind Divine Kingdom, who had been silent all this time, coldly looked at the martial artists and said, "A bunch of idiots!"
Many people had the same opinion as Luo Zheng. So what if they avoided Yun Longtao's three strikes?
Soon, Yun Longtao sent out his third strike …
This time, the Sky Slashing Sword directly slashed across Yue Congyun's back, cutting a huge hole in his robes! However, Yue Congyun relied on his speed advantage to twist his body and escape. So far, he hadn't been injured.
"The third strike! The third strike! " Yue Congyun's face was filled with joy. He turned his head and laughed, as if he was the one who had won.
But before Yue Congyun's voice fell, the Sky Slashing Sword followed him like a shadow. A strange straight line appeared beside him. It was the Sky Slashing Sword that had quietly slashed across. Then the line disappeared and Yue Congyun's arm was separated from his body, falling to the ground.
At this moment, Yue Congyun even forgot about the pain. He angrily stared at Yun Longtao and said, "Three strikes, didn't we agree on three strikes?"
"F * ck, this Yun Longtao didn't follow the rules. We agreed on three strikes!"
"Too despicable! This kind of person should commit suicide to atone for his sins! "
Many cultivators from the Star Field Divine Kingdom said angrily as well.
A pitiful smile appeared on Yun Longtao's face. Following which, he softly said, "Which ear of yours heard me say that the victor would be decided in three sword strikes? I only said three strikes to take you down! Since three strikes didn't take you down, I'll use the fourth strike. What's wrong with that? "
In this world, only the strong had the right to speak. In fact, Yun Longtao's three strikes was equivalent to setting some kind of rule. But this rule was originally set by Yun Longtao. If he wanted to change it, he could do so.
His words caused many martial artists in the Star Field Divine Kingdom to choke …
Yun Longtao turned his head and glanced at the cultivators of the Star Field Divine Kingdom and said indifferently, "You guys are too weak! Besides making a ruckus below, what else can you do? If you have the ability, come up and challenge me! "
"Humph, you speak as if you are very strong! You are only at the late stage of the False Tribulation Realm! "Some cultivators of the Star Field Divine Kingdom were unconvinced and retorted.
Yun Longtao shook his head and continued, "It's not that I'm very strong. In fact, I'm very weak. It's just that in this world, most cultivators are trash like you! My talent is only slightly higher than yours, and my effort is only slightly higher than yours. But it's enough for me to be called a king in front of you. "
When Yun Longtao said this, everyone fell silent for a moment. At this moment, Battle Emperor Da Yu suddenly clapped his hands. "Good! Longtao, well said! "
The four Divine Kingdoms were able to exterminate the Dragon Bloodline Clan because of the help of the human race in the Upper Realm.
Back then, in order to help the four Divine Kingdoms, the human race in the Upper Realm had forcefully opened a reverse spirit passage and assisted the four Divine Kingdoms.
History would remember this scene firmly. The cultivators of the four Divine Kingdoms were not like the cultivators of the Central Domain who knew nothing about the Upper Realm. In the hearts of the billions of cultivators in the Central Domain, the Upper Realm was only a vague concept. However, the cultivators of the four Divine Kingdoms had witnessed the strength and advantages of the cultivators of the Upper Realm.
Although Yun Longtao's words did not mention the cultivators of the Upper Realm, how could the many False Tribulation Realm cultivators not understand?
His pride was shown to all the cultivators of the four Divine Kingdoms, and his modesty was shown to the Upper Realm. He was only considered weak when compared to the geniuses of the Upper Realm.
These words were also spoken in the hearts of many Divine Sea Realm cultivators.
These old monsters who had lived for 10,000 years were filled with a huge regret in their hearts. That was, they could not ascend to the Upper Realm.
In the four Divine Kingdoms, they could indeed dominate. However, how could the cultivators' pursuit be limited to this continent? How could they be limited to the Divine Sea Realm?
Therefore, many Divine Sea Realm cultivators, after living for 10,000 years, left the Divine Kingdom Continent and went to the endless mysterious sea to find more opportunities. They even wanted to break through this world and enter other worlds …
However, so far, no Divine Sea Realm cultivator had succeeded.
＝＝＝＝＝

Chapter 781
Even though Battle Emperor Yu the Great praised him, Yun Longtao only smiled and continued, "Who else wants to challenge me?"
Ever since Yun Longtao took out the Sky Slashing Sword, he had cut off two people's arms. The excited False Tribulation Realm warriors suddenly fell silent.
It wasn't that they lacked confidence. The warriors who could stand on the first step of the Four Divine Nations were all outstanding warriors in the Martial Houses. If they didn't have absolute confidence in themselves, they wouldn't be able to stand on the first step.
However, Yun Longtao's brilliance was too strong. This made the geniuses of the first step hesitate.
It would be fine if they won, but what if they lost?
They still had to set off for the Heavenly Feather Sacred Ocean. Although losing an arm wasn't a big problem, it was impossible for them to recover to their peak state in a short period of time. It would affect their journey to the Heavenly Feather Sacred Ocean.
The battle in front of them was just to liven things up before they entered the Heavenly Feather Sacred Ocean. However, after many years, it slowly became a competition to assess the strength of the young disciples of the Four Divine Nations.
Even so, it wasn't as important as exploring the Secret Realm in the Heavenly Feather Sacred Ocean.
Therefore, many of the geniuses of the first step wanted to retreat.
What they didn't know was that the members of the royal family on the stairs had already gotten into a heated fight. Even though the few Divine Sea Realm cultivators didn't say anything, they were still unhappy with Battle Emperor Da Yu and Yun Longtao.
The Star Field Divine Nation lost again. It was the turn of the Heavenly Wind Divine Nation and the Black Iron Divine Nation.
The Heavenly Wind Divine Nation's Heavenly Wind Divine Nation's Heavenly Wind Divine Nation's Heavenly Wind Divine Nation still didn't say anything.
The Monarch of the Black Iron Divine Nation, Zhou Huang, glanced at King Yan and Crown Prince Zhou Ning. Zhou Huang didn't say anything, but his eyes said everything.
King Yan was excited. He wanted to recommend Luo Zheng, but Zhou Ning beat him to it. He said loudly, "Xiao Daoyuan, fight on my behalf!"
Hearing Zhou Ning's words, King Yan glanced at him coldly and didn't say anything.
"Since you want to win back some ground, I'll let you go first. Xiao Daoyuan is your last chess piece. If Xiao Daoyuan loses and loses an arm, it will be a big blow to your team. the Secret Realm's Secret Realm exploration will be greatly reduced. I'm looking forward to it. if Xiao Daoyuan loses, you're going to fight on your own?" The King of Yan thought so in his heart.
Zhou Ning was indeed a little anxious. Xiao Daoyuan and Zhan Yun were both subordinates that he had set his eyes on. He wanted to prove himself in front of Zhou Huang, to prove his foresight and ability to control people. However, Zhan Yun had failed to live up to his expectations and was defeated so easily!
He could only place his hopes on Xiao Daoyuan.
The Black Name Martial House was the largest Martial House in the Black Iron Divine Nation. Although it was also a sixth-grade force like the Black Jade Martial House, the Black Jade Martial House could only be ranked second. Xiao Daoyuan was the strongest person in the Black Name Martial House. His appearance not only carried the high hopes of the Crown Prince, but also the high hopes of many martial artists in the Black Iron Divine Nation!
Hearing the Crown Prince's words, Xiao Daoyuan leaped up and cupped his hands toward the Crown Prince and the Monarch of the Black Iron Divine Nation. Then, he took out a spear from his spatial ring.
"High-grade Saint artifact …"
"Damn, this is the good thing about the martial artists of the Black Iron Divine Nation. A False Tribulation Realm martial artist can have a high-grade Saint artifact. This is simply …"
"It can't be helped. The Black Iron Divine Nation is rich in weapon refiners. Most of the Saint artifacts in our four Divine Nations come from the Black Iron Divine Nation. This is the same reason why the Heavenly Wind Divine Nation is rich in alchemists and the Great Yu Divine Nation is rich in rune masters!"
The Black Iron Divine Nation's weapon refiner technique was indeed the most famous. More importantly, Xiao Daoyuan's Xiao Family was an aristocratic family of weapon refiners. Even so, high-grade Saint artifacts were still very rare. Xiao Daoyuan would not normally be equipped with a high-grade Saint artifact spear.
However, this exploration of the Secret Realm in the Heavenly Feather Sacred Sea had a great impact on Xiao Daoyuan's future. Therefore, the Xiao Family gave him a high-grade Saint artifact.
"Pa!"
Unexpectedly, the body of the high-grade Saint artifact was extremely flexible. When Xiao Daoyuan shook it forcefully, it was like a whip. It lashed heavily in the air and exploded with a deafening explosion.
Xiao Daoyuan's eyes were cold as he stared at Yun Longtao in front of him.
This time, Yun Longtao stretched out a palm towards Xiao Daoyuan. "Five swords. I only need five swords to defeat you."
Xiao Daoyuan snorted coldly. "Put down your tricks. It's too childish. Whether it's one sword, five swords, or fifty swords, the outcome is the outcome!"
Hearing Xiao Daoyuan's words, Yun Longtao revealed a smile on his face. "This time, my opponent is not bad. It seems that I should be more serious!"
"What do you mean by more serious? Did Yun Longtao not use his full strength before? "
"I don't believe it. This person is just good at showing off!"
"Yun Longtao used three swords to defeat Zhan Yun and four swords to defeat Yue Congyun. Perhaps he really did not use his full strength …"
Now, other than the warriors of the Great Yu Divine Kingdom, the warriors of the other three Divine Kingdoms could be said to be united against a common enemy. This Yun Longtao was too arrogant, but he had the capital to be arrogant. His strength was unfathomable. So many people had gone up, but no one could test his depth.
This time, it was still Yun Longtao who took the lead to attack. His figure was like a shuttle, piercing through space, and the fatal Sky Slashing Sword in his hand was swung out again.
Xiao Daoyuan snorted coldly. The long spear in his hand was like a snake, coiling up.
Yun Longtao's Sky Slashing Sword was already extremely fast, but after Xiao Daoyuan's long spear coiled up, it immediately shook out. It was as fast as lightning and actually arrived first!
Not only that, but the moment the tip of the long spear pierced towards Yun Longtao, it actually circled around the Sky Slashing Sword. The soft and slender spear shaft directly circled around the Sky Slashing Sword before the tip of the spear continued forward, piercing towards Yun Longtao's face!
This meant that Xiao Daoyuan's spear not only sealed Yun Longtao's Sky Slashing Sword, but also wanted to assassinate Yun Longtao in one strike.
Yun Longtao's Sky Slashing Sword was indeed sharp. Even an ordinary sacred artifact would not be able to withstand a few blows from his Sky Slashing Sword. However, Xiao Daoyuan's long spear was a high-grade sacred artifact after all. Moreover, the spear shaft was flexible and tough. Under such a coiling, the Sky Slashing Sword could not cut through the spear shaft.
Whoosh!
The tip of the long spear was like the head of a venomous snake, piercing towards Yun Longtao's face. Yun Longtao's head tilted slightly, and the tip of the spear brushed past his ear.
However, the tip of the spear seemed to have its own consciousness. After missing its target, it twisted again and actually turned around to stab at the back of Yun Longtao's head!
At this moment, Yun Longtao revealed a faint smile on his face. He loosened his grip on the Sky Slashing Sword, and his entire body suddenly sank. At the same time, the Sky Slashing Sword that was created using space also disappeared. This Sky Slashing Sword was originally condensed by Yun Longtao using space. Even if it disappeared, he could condense another one in an instant.
Under Xiao Daoyuan's attack, he actually forced Yun Longtao to abandon his weapon and choose to retreat at the same time …
It had to be said that this was the best result he had achieved so far.
Many of the martial artists from the Black Iron Martial House heaved a sigh of relief. Perhaps in their hearts, the younger generation of the Black Iron Divine Kingdom no longer had any hope of defeating Yun Longtao. By forcing Yun Longtao to retreat like this, they had already saved some face.
However, Zhou Ning and Zhou Huang didn't think so.
The dignified Black Iron Divine Kingdom actually couldn't find anyone to fight against Yun Longtao. This was a reality that they couldn't accept.
Although the Black Iron Divine Kingdom had been slightly weakened over the years, it wasn't to this extent!
Zhou Ning's eyes were gloomy. He was already calculating in his heart. If Xiao Daoyuan was really defeated, he might have to go up and kill Yun Longtao's spirit! As the Crown Prince of the Black Iron Divine Kingdom, he had the obligation to protect the dignity of the Black Iron Divine Kingdom!
Although it was inevitable that he would lose face if he personally went up to fight as the Crown Prince, he couldn't care less at this moment.
Yun Longtao sank down, and his body shrank back, creating a distance between him and Xiao Daoyuan. With a wave of his hand, the Sky Slashing Sword once again appeared in his hand.
"Not bad, not bad at all. It's enough for me to be more serious!" Yun Longtao pointed the transparent Sky Slashing Sword at Xiao Daoyuan.
"You talk too much!" Xiao Daoyuan held the long spear with one hand and extended two fingers with the other hand, pressing on the body of the long spear. As the hand holding the long spear pulled hard, the long spear was like a tailor's tape, being drawn by his two fingers.
"Hiss …"
After Xiao Daoyuan's two fingers drew across the spear, it lit up the entire spear. The spear seemed to have a mind of its own as it completely turned into a snake that continuously coiled around Xiao Daoyuan. As for the tip of the spear, it was aimed at Yun Longtao from beginning to end.
Yun Longtao had a smile on his face as he lightly waved the Sky Slashing Sword in his hand. Indeed, he did not waste any more words and attacked Xiao Daoyuan a second time!
After Xiao Daoyuan activated the spirit of the spear, he waited for Yun Longtao to approach. Like a beast with a keen sense of smell, he automatically attacked Yun Longtao.
"Ding!"
The tip of the spear nailed itself onto Yun Longtao's body, but at this moment, the spatial armor once again appeared on Yun Longtao's body …
This spear only left a deep mark on the spatial armor, but it was still unable to break through his armor. Or rather, it was unable to break through with a single strike.
Upon seeing this scene, the faces of many Void Tribulation Realm warriors from the Black Iron Divine Kingdom immediately darkened.
Originally, everyone thought that Yun Longtao would not be able to condense the spatial armor after condensing the Sky Slashing Sword. It seemed that Yun Longtao had only felt that there was no need for it.
This fellow had an invulnerable spatial armor and a sharp Sky Slashing Sword that could cut through everything. How could he fight him? This was simply unsolvable!
Just as everyone had thought, Yun Longtao, who had become serious, gave up on dodging and defending. He allowed Xiao Daoyuan's spear to stab straight at him while the Sky Slashing Sword in his hand continued to slide through space, slashing at Xiao Daoyuan.
The third strike, the fourth strike, the fifth strike …
After the fifth strike, Yun Longtao's figure flashed to the side. With a burst of blood, another arm fell from the sky.
The Crown Prince's gaze flickered, and disappointment flashed in his eyes. His brows furrowed deeply. What should he do? Do I really have to fight?

Chapter 782
After Xiao Daoyuan's defeat, other than the Crown Prince and King Yan, the Black Iron Divine Nation had no other worthy fighters.
The first tier of the Divine Nation Continent referred to the top god-ranked geniuses. God-ranked geniuses were already rare, let alone the top ones.
There was a huge gap in strength between the first tier and the second tier. Even if the top fighters of the second tier went up, they would be instantly killed by Yun Longtao.
Crown Prince Zhou Ning had not seen Luo Zheng's strength. When Luo Zheng passed the Black Jade Martial House's assessment, Zhou Ning was not present. It was Zhan Yun who personally reported to him that an independent fighter had appeared in the Black Jade Martial House. This fighter had the qualifications to stand in the first tier.
The Crown Prince had to recruit such a person. That was why he hurried to Lonely Crane City. At that time, Zhou Ning thought that it would be easy to recruit Luo Zheng. After all, Zhan Yun also told him that King Yan had a bad relationship with this person.
However, he did not expect King Yan to appear halfway.
After listening to Zhan Yun's description, Zhou Ning only had a rough estimate of Luo Zheng's strength. This kid's strength was probably on par with Zhan Yun's, or maybe even stronger. Even if he went up, he would not be Yun Longtao's opponent. However, the Black Iron Divine Nation had no other worthy fighters.
These were not the main problem. The main problem was whether this kid would listen to his orders. What if he spoke and Luo Zheng did not agree? What should he do?
Seeing the Crown Prince's flickering eyes, King Yan sneered. He knew that it was time for him to go up. The Black Iron Divine Nation had just been defeated. Now, it was time for the Heavenly Wind Divine Nation and Star Field Divine Nation to send out their fighters. Whether they could challenge Yun Longtao or not, King Yan would send Luo Zheng!
Zhou Huang's two sons each had their own thoughts. However, everyone's attention was still on the Heavenly Wind Divine Nation and the Star Field Divine Nation.
The Heavenly Wind War Emperor was wearing a huge cloak. He stood on the platform at the top of the stairs. When the wind blew, the cloak fluttered loudly.
From the beginning to the end, the Heavenly Wind Divine Nation did not send out a single fighter. Now, it seemed that the Heavenly Wind War Emperor still did not plan to send out a fighter to challenge Yun Longtao.
Thus, everyone understood that the next round would send out the Star Field Divine Nation.
The King of the Star Field Divine Nation laughed, "It looks like our Star Field Divine Nation's brats aren't strong enough.......................
The Sky Fortune King turned around and asked the Crown Prince and Princes of the Star Wilderness Divine Kingdom.
. how..... the Heavenly Wind War............. However, according to the usual practice, the monarch would naturally not recommend a candidate. After all, if the candidate recommended by the monarch was defeated, it would be too humiliating.
.................
..... request.......
.....
The Star Field Divine Nation was the second strongest Divine Nation, and the several Martial Houses within the Divine Nation were also filled with talents. Naturally, there were many cultivators who were unconvinced.
......, they....... one............
The Crown Prince of the Star Field Divine Nation called Zhuo 'er's eyes flashed. Finally, his gaze fell on Zhao Ruyi. He faintly said, "Zhao Ruyi, fight!"
The Crown Prince of the Star Field Divine Nation was also in a bad mood. Such a large Divine Nation was actually suppressed by Yun Longtao of the Great Yu Divine Nation. Was he really invincible in the False Tribulation realm? The Crown Prince didn't believe this …
However, the sword in Yun Longtao's hand told the Crown Prince what cruelty was. What bloody reality was.
Zhao Ruyi's performance was slightly better than that of the Black Iron Divine Nation's Xiao Daoyuan. But, he was only able to withstand seven sword strikes from Yun Longtao …
After seven sword strikes, Zhao Ruyi also paid the price of an arm and left the stage.
At this moment, Battle Emperor Yu the Great's gloomy face finally relaxed. He suddenly turned his head and looked at Zhou Huang with a smile. "I wonder if there's anyone from the Black Iron Divine Nation who can still fight?"
There were only 20 to 30 people in the four Divine Nations who could stand on the first step. Everyone had a list of these people!
Battle Emperor Yu the Great knew that only Zhan Yun and Xiao Daoyuan, two False Tribulation realm experts, could fight. If more people went up, the Zhou Imperial Clan would have to fight. The Crown Prince might have to fight directly.
When he asked this question, Zhou Huang's face flashed with anger. This was too much. He actually asked the obvious! This was the same as bullying the Black Iron Divine Nation!
This battle was just a review before the exploration of the secret realm. It was equivalent to an appetizer. Battle Emperor Yu the Great's words were too much.
However, anger flashed across Zhou Huang's face. He really didn't have a good idea. Did he really have to let the Crown Prince fight? It wasn't impossible. However, even if he won, it wouldn't be a glorious thing. If he lost, it would be even more humiliating …
If the Crown Prince of the Divine Nation was defeated, what qualifications did Zhou Ning have to take over the throne?
Therefore, the Crown Prince had to be very cautious.
At this moment, the Saintess of the Great Yu Divine Nation twisted her body and walked to Battle Emperor Yu the Great's side. She giggled and said, "As far as I know, only Xiao Daoyuan and Zhan Yun are qualified to fight in the Black Iron Divine Nation. Now, their arms have been cut off by Longtao. Will Yan Yan or the Crown Prince fight? "
Hearing the Saintess' words, Zhou Ning's face flashed with anger.
Other than the Imperial Clan, the Great Yu Divine Nation had a large esoteric sect. The Saintess was the most important person in the esoteric sect. Her position in the Great Yu Divine Nation was equal to that of the Crown Prince. Sometimes, her words were even more effective than the Crown Prince's.
After all, if the Crown Prince wanted to succeed the throne, he first had to wait for the King to abdicate. Moreover, he had to step into the Divine Sea Realm. The abdication of the King usually took thousands or even tens of thousands of years. Not every Crown Prince had the opportunity to step into the Divine Sea Realm.
However, as long as she was chosen as the Saintess by the esoteric sect, she would be able to command the esoteric sect in the Great Yu Divine Nation.
At this time, Zhou Ning sneered and looked at Luo Zheng again. Although he did not think that Luo Zheng could defeat Yun Longtao, he could not let others think that there was no one in the Black Iron Divine Nation!
"Who said that there is no one in the Black Iron Divine Nation to fight?" Zhou Ning said coldly. Then, he turned to Luo Zheng and said, "Luo Tianxing, you fight on my behalf!"
Hearing Zhou Ning calling his name, Luo Zheng frowned slightly. His eyes fell on King Yan. King Yan shook his head slightly at Luo Zheng. Luo Zheng nodded slightly but did not respond.
There were many warriors in the square. When they heard this name, they naturally did not know who the Crown Prince was calling. The point was that no one responded. Many people felt even more strange.
Who was this Luo Tianxing? Was he a new genius in the Black Iron Divine Nation? Whether he was or not, why didn't he appear? Could it be that even the Crown Prince could not command him?
Seeing Luo Zheng standing still, Zhou Ning's face flushed red. His eyes were filled with anger. Now was the chance for Luo Zheng to show off. This brat did not want to give face to him!
Only the three Divine Sea Realm experts of the Black Jade Martial House stood on the steps. They knew about Luo Tianxing. At the same time, they also knew that the Crown Prince and King Yan had tried to recruit him. It seemed that the Crown Prince had failed …
Zhou Huang's face was also full of confusion. During this period of time, there really wasn't any information about Luo Tianxing reported to him, so Zhou Huang asked in puzzlement, "Ning 'er, who is this Luo Tianxing?"
Just as Zhou Ning was about to speak, Yan Wang beat him to it. He knew that it was time for him to speak. "Imperial Father, Luo Tianxing is my friend. He is also a genius that has recently appeared in the Profound Jade Martial House. His strength is not below Zhan Yun and Xiao Daoyuan. Even I am inferior to him!"
"Oh?" Zhou Huang's face lit up. "Is that so?"
"Yes, I will ask him to come out now!" King Yan looked at Zhou Ning with a smile. Then, he said to Luo Zheng in a clear voice, "Brother Tianxing, I will leave this battle to you!"
Hearing the King of Yan address him as "brother", a strange look flashed across everyone's face. Although they were all warriors and the status of warriors was generally determined by their strength, it was different after establishing the God's Kingdom. After all, such a large God's Kingdom had to be maintained. How could he, the dignified King of Yan, address a warrior who was born of a concubine as brother? How could this be? Even the Crown Prince, Zhou Ning, just called Luo Tianxing by his name!
Because of this, Zhou Huang's face revealed a trace of displeasure.
Luo Zheng's face revealed a slight smile. In fact, after seeing Yun Longtao's performance, Luo Zheng knew that he could not avoid it.
Therefore, his body flashed and he suddenly jumped up from the crowd. Then, he slowly floated up to the sky.
"A warrior in the middle stage of the False Tribulation Realm? Hehe, is there really no one left in the Black Iron Divine Kingdom? I don't think so. There are a lot of warriors in the late stage of the False Tribulation Realm below. Any one of them is stronger than this guy, right? "
"Luo Tianxing? I have never heard of this person before. Where did this guy come from?"
"King Yan is not a fool. Since he dares to send this person out, he must have some skills!"
"Have some skills? Even if he has 10 skills, it will be useless! Senior Brother Longtao is invincible in the False Tribulation Realm. This guy is only in the middle stage of the False Tribulation Realm. I am afraid he can't even block one sword strike! "
When the warriors in the square saw that Luo Zheng was only in the False Tribulation Realm, they immediately opened their mouths. They thought that the Black Iron Divine Kingdom had no one else and could only send such a guy out.
At this moment, even the Divine Sea Realm mighty figures on the steps had strange expressions on their faces.
At first, Zhou Huang heard the Crown Prince recommend this person. In the end, he failed to call him out. Then, King Yan called him out. He was indeed looking forward to it. However, it turned out that this person was a warrior in the middle stage of the False Tribulation Realm.

Chapter 783
The Saintess of the Esoteric Sect of the Great Yu Divine Kingdom was named Bai Yuerong. The Bai Family was an unknown warrior family in the Great Yu Divine Kingdom. However, Bai Yuerong was chosen as the Saintess of the Esoteric Sect after she was born.
At that time, the ninth prince of the Great Yu Divine Kingdom, Liu Hongwen, received a spirit lamp in the immortal tomb, which was given to him by a commoner.
It was said that there were a total of nine spirit lamps in the immortal tomb. Once they were opened, they could open a passage and enter an immortal tomb.
However, after waiting for many years, the spirit lamp in the immortal tomb had not been opened. Bai Yuerong was curious. On the third day of March every year, she and Liu Hongwen would open the spirit lamp in the immortal tomb together. Unexpectedly, a space passage really appeared!
Because the two of them did not expect to open the spirit lamp in the immortal tomb at this time, they hurriedly invited a few Life and Death Realm guards and entered the Misty Sky Immortal Tomb.
They did not expect that the trip to the Misty Sky Immortal Tomb would directly kill Liu Hongwen. This caused quite a stir in the Great Yu Divine Kingdom.
After all, a prince had died. Although the Great Yu Battle Emperor had many princes, Liu Hongwen's talent was in the top ten. He was considered outstanding among the princes of the Divine Kingdom.
A small warrior from the Tianbei Region dared to go against a Divine Kingdom?
Any Divine Sea Realm almighty could flatten the entire Tianbei Region if they rushed across the Chaotic Astral Ocean!
Next, across the vast Chaotic Astral Ocean, she contacted Cui Xie and Wu Zhanhe, the two False Tribulation Realm warriors, to support the Divine Kingdom and so on …
Bai Yuerong arranged for the Heartless Sweetheart to do these things.
However, after a few years, Cui Xie still could not find Bai Yuerong. Bai Yuerong was busy with various matters in the Esoteric Sect and gradually forgot about this matter.
One day, the Heartless Sweetheart suddenly told Bai Yuerong that Luo Zheng had appeared and that he would personally go to the Tianbei Region to kill Luo Zheng.
Bai Yuerong was curious. Two years ago, Luo Zheng was just a Divine Reflection Realm warrior. How could such an ant be worth the Heartless Sweetheart, a Divine Sea Realm almighty, personally taking action? Just let that Cui Xie and Wu Zhanhe kill them?
Unexpectedly, Heartless Monk told Bai Yuerong that Luo Zheng not only defeated his soul in the Spirit Goblet, but also killed Cui Xie, who was in the Life and Death Realm!
Even in Scandinavia, where geniuses ran rampant, such a monstrous character had never appeared! From the Divine Reflection Realm to the False Tribulation Realm in two years? Moreover, he had killed a fourth level Life and Death Realm martial artist! Since when could such a monstrous figure be born in Tian Bei Region?
Even as a Holy Maiden, it was difficult for her to command a mighty warrior in the Divine Sea Realm. However, since Heartless Lover was willing to kill Luo Zheng himself, Bai Yuerong naturally wouldn't refuse. It was also at this time that she, who had originally stopped paying attention to Luo Zheng, gradually began to pay attention to this matter.
She found it strange. Why would Heartless Beloved, a Spirit Sea Realm warrior, be interested in Luo Zheng? He was an old monster who would never do anything without benefits. It must be that there was something about that guy that attracted Heartless Beloved's attention.
However, no matter what, a mighty warrior in the Divine Sea Realm was almost invincible in Tian Bei Region. Luo Zheng was doomed. Such an ant couldn't escape death after all. Bai Yuerong had almost no doubt about this estimation!
However, not long after, news suddenly came from Yu Da's Divine Kingdom that Heartless Beloved's Natal Card was broken! Star Sword Esteemed's Natal Card was broken!
There were more than 20 mighty warriors in the Divine Sea Realm in Yu Da's Divine Kingdom. Although there was competition among the four Divine Kingdoms, generally speaking, they had a good relationship. Under normal circumstances, it was rare for a mighty warrior in the Divine Sea Realm to die, unless they were at the end of their lifespan, or some mighty warriors in the Divine Sea Realm who went to explore the mysterious sea areas overseas.
These two mighty warriors in the Divine Sea Realm died in such a strange way in Tian Bei Region, which indeed shocked the entire Yu Da's Divine Kingdom!
For the Divine Kingdom, Tian Bei Region was just a barren island. In such a place, who could threaten a mighty warrior in the Divine Sea Realm?
It was not easy for a mighty warrior in the Divine Sea Realm to kill a mighty warrior in the Divine Sea Realm. Neither Heartless Beloved nor Star Sword Esteemed sent back a message before their Natal Cards were broken …
The strange death of two mighty warriors in the Divine Sea Realm alerted the Yu Da's Divine Kingdom immediately. However, the Yu Da's Divine Kingdom didn't take any action for the time being. If something really happened in Tian Bei Region, two more mighty warriors in the Divine Sea Realm might not be able to find out.
Therefore, the Divine Kingdom hid this matter and decided to explore the Heavenly Feather Holy Sea first. The storms in the Chaotic Astral Sea would calm down every once in a while. When the next storm subsided, it would not be too late to form a team of mighty warriors in the Divine Sea Realm to explore the Tian Bei Region. If some mighty warriors really appeared in the Tian Bei Region, they would directly wipe out all the creatures in the Tian Bei Region.
As for Luo Zheng, although Bai Yuerong was concerned about him, now it involved the lives of two mighty warriors in the Divine Sea Realm, Heartless Beloved and Star Sword Esteemed. It was not something that Bai Yuerong could decide. She could only wait for the time being.
Today, when she heard the King of Yan call out Luo Tianxing, her gaze landed on that person. Although two years had passed and Luo Zheng's face was somewhat unfamiliar to her, it was difficult to change a person's spirit, spirit, and aura.
What was more, this guy's surname was Luo.
Luo Tianxing?
Thinking of this, a cold smile suddenly appeared on the face of Bai Yuerong, the Saintess of the Divine Kingdom of Yu the Great. She slowly walked to the edge of the platform and then gently floated into the air. Her eyes were fixed on Luo Zheng.
When Battle Emperor Yu the Great saw Bai Yuerong fly out for no reason, a strange expression appeared on his face. "Saintess, why …"
A smile appeared on Bai Yuerong's face. She said to Battle Emperor Yu the Great, "Your Majesty, I found something interesting."
"Something interesting?" Battle Emperor Yu the Great was puzzled.
"Yes!" Bai Yuerong nodded slightly. Then, she said coldly to Luo Zheng, "Luo Tianxing? Hmph, you should be called Luo Zheng, right? "
Since Luo Zheng chose to stand out, he naturally expected that the Saintess of the Divine Kingdom of Yu the Great would jump out. He had already thought of a few plans. The first plan was naturally the simplest one, which was to pretend to be stupid.
Originally, he was flying towards the square barrier in the air to challenge Yun Longtao. Yun Longtao, on the other hand, was waiting for Luo Zheng with a face full of contempt. Yun Longtao's thoughts were similar to those of the other warriors. The Black Iron Divine Kingdom was probably really out of people. That was why they found a warrior in the middle stage of the False Tribulation Realm to make up the numbers.
At this moment, Bai Yuerong suddenly spoke. Luo Zheng stopped. He stared at Bai Yuerong strangely and said with a smile, "My real name is Luo Zheng. What do you mean by Luo Zheng?"
Luo Zheng's expression was extremely serious. Bai Yuerong frowned slightly. After all, two or three years had passed. Bai Yuerong could not be sure at the moment. However, she looked at Luo Zheng carefully and her eyes were filled with certainty again. "Luo Zheng, it's useless to pretend to be stupid. I have never heard of someone like you in the Black Iron Divine Kingdom! You must have taken advantage of the Chaotic Astral Sea's storm to cross the Star Sea, right? You are really bold! "
"Your Majesty, I am from the Black Iron Divine Kingdom. Now, I want to challenge a warrior from your Divine Kingdom. If you are afraid, you can say it directly. However, it is not appropriate to beat around the bush like this, right?" Luo Zheng said with a smile.
At this moment, the four Monarchs looked at each other in dismay. King Yan's face was also filled with anger. This Bai Yuerong was really annoying! Now, the Black Iron Divine Kingdom could only rely on Luo Zheng. Why did she jump out at this time? King Yan's temper was originally arrogant and proud. He only restrained himself in front of many elders. Now that it was Luo Zheng's turn, how could he tolerate Bai Yuerong?
King Yan's figure suddenly flashed and he said coldly, "Bai Yuerong, what nonsense are you talking about here? Luo Tianxing is a warrior from the Black Iron Divine Kingdom. He is from the Black Jade Martial House! If your Dayu Divine Kingdom is afraid, then Yun Longtao can admit defeat obediently! "
Bai Yuerong was about to speak when Yun Longtao sneered and said, "Afraid? King Yan, I, Yun Longtao, have never been afraid of anyone. Moreover, this guy is only at the Middle Stage of the False Tribulation Realm. It's just … a matter of one sword, hehe! "
King Yan sneered, "Then tell your Majesty to shut up!"
At this moment, the Monarch of the Black Iron Divine Kingdom, Zhou Huang, said faintly, "Luo Tianxing is indeed from the Black Iron Divine Kingdom. Majesty, are you mistaken?"
The Esoteric Sect was of the same origin as the Human Race in the Upper Domain. The chosen Majesty was the representative of the Esoteric Sect of the Human Race in the Upper Domain. The number of followers of the Esoteric Sect was huge even in other Divine Kingdoms. Therefore, Zhou Huang couldn't reprimand Bai Yuerong.
"Mistaken? How could I … "Bai Yuerong was at a loss. She was 100% sure that this guy was Luo Zheng. Moreover, through Master Heartless, she understood Luo Zheng's strength. This guy was a monster among monsters. With his Middle Stage of the False Tribulation Realm, he killed a Fourth Level Life and Death Realm expert!
Even if Yun Longtao was known to be invincible in the False Tribulation Realm, he might not be a match for Luo Zheng!
"Majesty Majesty, whether you are mistaken or not, I will give you an explanation!" Yun Longtao smiled confidently.
Bai Yuerong's face showed hesitation. She tilted her head slightly. Suddenly, her eyes lit up. She turned to Battle Emperor Yu the Great and said, "Monarch, this guy is Luo Zheng from the North Heaven Region. I am sure of it! He is the one who killed Liu Hongwen! If you don't believe me, you can ask Elder Gong to come here! "
When they entered the Immortal Graveyard, Liu Hongwen had a total of five Life and Death Realm experts with him. Because of Liu Hongwen's death, Battle Emperor Yu the Great was enraged. Except for Elder Gong, who was spared because of his meritorious service, the other Life and Death Realm experts were all sentenced to death.
At this time, they could only ask Elder Gong to identify him!
"Majesty Majesty, are you sure this guy is the one who killed my child?" Battle Emperor Yu the Great's gloomy face became even gloomier after hearing Bai Yuerong's words.
Although Bai Yuerong's sudden appearance seemed a little rash, according to Battle Emperor Yu the Great's understanding, although Bai Yuerong's character was jumpy, she wouldn't speak without thinking in this kind of situation!
＝＝＝＝＝

Chapter 784
(Resuming update, there are four updates before 12 o 'clock)
Bai Yuerong nodded slightly and replied, "My King, I won't make a mistake!"
At this moment, Battle Emperor Yu the Great stared at Luo Zheng like two poisonous snakes. He had already believed the Saintess' words by 70%. However, since he was representing the Black Iron Divine Nation, Battle Emperor Yu the Great asked, "Little brat, did you kill my son, Hong Wen?"
Luo Zheng shrugged and replied innocently, "I don't know Hongwen, and I know this woman. I don't know what you are talking about!"
Zhou Huang couldn't stand it anymore. His two representatives from the Black Iron Divine Nation had been defeated consecutively. Not only did the Crown Prince recommend Luo Tianxing, but King Yan also recommended him. Now that Luo Tianxing was being questioned by the Great Yu Divine Nation, as the King, he couldn't remain silent.
"Liu Zan, Luo Tianxing is from the Black Iron Divine Nation. He has already said that he is not the person you are looking for. Don't you think it's inappropriate to make things difficult for him?" Zhou Huang suggested patiently.
Liu Zan was the real name of Battle Emperor Yu the Great. The entire Great Yu Divine Nation belonged to the Liu family. Therefore, theoretically speaking, the Great Yu Divine Nation was equivalent to an eighth-rank family!
King Yan looked anxious. He knew that Luo Zheng's background was mysterious. A person with such talent couldn't be a nobody. In fact, King Yan and the Crown Prince had secretly investigated Luo Zheng's identity and background. The information they received was the same. This person didn't come from the Black Iron Divine Nation.
They couldn't find any information from "Luo Tianxing," so they started investigating from the guard beside Luo Zheng. After investigating, they were even more puzzled. This Life and Death Realm expert named Cao Junfeng was from the Great Yu Divine Nation. Moreover, he was a deacon of the Esoteric Sect!
This result made Luo Zheng's identity even more confusing. Of course, King Yan didn't care about Luo Zheng's identity. The key was that this person could help him, which was enough for King Yan.
As for the Crown Prince …
Now, Crown Prince Zhou Ning was certain that Bai Yuerong was right. This guy called Luo Tianxing should be from the Central Domain!
Previously, the Crown Prince wanted Luo Zheng to represent him in the battle, but Luo Zheng didn't do anything. Obviously, Zhou Ning didn't want to speak up for Luo Zheng. Of course, he also didn't want to expose Luo Zheng's identity. After all, Luo Zheng was representing the Black Iron Divine Kingdom. He couldn't speak against him. Otherwise, what would his father think?
However, Battle Emperor Yu the Great ignored Zhou Huang's words and snorted coldly. He pointed at Luo Zheng and said, "I don't need you to tell me the truth. I will search your soul personally!"
When Battle Emperor Yu the Great pointed his finger, a powerful soul ripple immediately spread out from between his eyebrows!
"It's a soul attack! Battle God Yu the Great is using a soul attack! "
"A mighty figure of the Divine Sea Realm … Even his soul pressure can turn a False Tribulation Realm warrior into an idiot. I didn't expect Battle Emperor Yu the Great to be a junior …"
"That warrior named Luo Tianxing is in trouble!"
Just now, many False Tribulation Realm warriors in the square were shouting and almost started fighting. However, a mighty figure of the Divine Sea Realm released his soul pressure and suppressed all the False Tribulation Realm warriors.
Soul pressure wasn't used to injure people. It was only used to release a powerful soul pressure to suppress the crowd. However, the souls of mighty figures of the Divine Sea Realm were usually very powerful. If they used all their soul pressure to suppress a False Tribulation Realm warrior, it would be enough to turn him into an idiot!
Moreover, Battle Emperor Yu the Great was using a soul attack!
He wanted to wipe out Luo Zheng's consciousness and search his soul. This method was definitely more direct and simple. However, at the same time, Luo Zheng's mind would be messed up by Battle Emperor Yu the Great. He would become a useless idiot.
Obviously, Battle Emperor Yu the Great didn't care about Luo Zheng's life.
"Liu Zan, you!"
Zhou Huang's expression changed. He didn't expect Liu Zan to do this. He attacked Luo Tianxing without any warning. It was too late for Zhou Huang to stop him.
Obviously, Battle Emperor Yu the Great, Liu Zan, was confident that he could defeat Zhou Huang. He wouldn't start a war with the Divine Kingdom over a mere False Tribulation Realm warrior. Therefore, he might as well attack first!
Under the watchful eyes of the crowd, the soul fluctuation rushed toward Luo Zheng.
Luo Zheng's eyes glowed faintly as he stared at Battle Emperor Yu the Great indifferently.
Luo Zheng had already felt the power of the soul fluctuation when it surged out. Luo Zheng's soul was now infinitely close to the Blue Soul Realm. Souls below the Blue Soul Realm couldn't do much damage to him.
Obviously, the soul fluctuation was only released by the soul of a Battle Soul Realm warrior. Luo Zheng wasn't afraid of it.
Therefore, he stood in the air calmly without much expression on his face. However, he was very wary of Battle Emperor Yu the Great. Battle Emperor Yu the Great was able to obtain the title of Battle Emperor. He was one of the best among the Divine Sea Realm warriors. If Battle Emperor Yu the Great was determined to kill him, Luo Zheng wouldn't be able to last more than one round.
Most importantly, Battle Emperor Yu the Great didn't even ask him a question before he wanted to kill him. He didn't seem to care about what others thought of him!
The soul attack wasn't the problem. The problem was that Battle Emperor Yu the Great was targeting him!
Luo Zheng didn't choose to fight back. He also didn't ask Qinglong to devour Battle Emperor Yu the Great's soul attack. Under such circumstances, Luo Zheng could only choose to endure. Once he fought back, he would be attacked directly by Battle Emperor Yu the Great!
Even an ordinary Divine Sea Realm warrior whose soul had just entered the Battle Soul Realm wouldn't be able to withstand Battle Emperor Yu the Great's soul attack. Under such an attack, one's soul would be injured very quickly and might even disintegrate.
The powerful soul attack continued to attack Luo Zheng's soul. However, Luo Zheng's soul was extremely sturdy. It was just that the surface of his soul kept flashing with a jade-green light. His soul was fine!
"I'm afraid that the soul in his mind has already been shattered …"
"If he doesn't move, he will definitely turn into an idiot!"
"Poor guy. Who told him to offend Battle Emperor Yu the Great? Is the Monarch so easy to deal with?"
Many Void Tribulation Realm warriors revealed expressions of lingering fear when they saw the powerful soul attack. Although the attack wasn't targeted at them, just feeling the lingering might of the soul attack was enough to make them feel fear.
King Yan closed his eyes and frowned deeply. Although he hadn't known Luo Zheng for a long time, he knew that Luo Zheng was not only extremely talented and powerful, but he also never pretended. This was why King Yan valued Luo Zheng. He treated Luo Zheng as a true friend.
If it was any other Divine Sea Realm warrior, King Yan would definitely stop him. However, it was Battle Emperor Yu the Great who was attacking him. King Yan didn't have the right to do so. Moreover, even if he wanted to stop him, it would be too late!
Zhou Huang sighed softly and said, "Alright, Liu Zan. No matter what, he represents the Black Iron Divine Nation. Don't destroy his life force. Leave him with a physical body!"
If Luo Zheng's soul was completely destroyed, Luo Zheng's life force would disappear. However, if Luo Zheng's soul was destroyed, Luo Zheng would not die but would become an idiot. Zhou Huang couldn't stop him in time. He could only ask Liu Zan to leave Luo Zheng alive.
It was better to become an idiot than to die.
However, as soon as Zhou Huang finished speaking, Liu Zan's face revealed a strange expression. His eyes were fixed on Luo Zheng.
The stalemate lasted for a while. Many Divine Sea Realm warriors felt that something was wrong.
Not only Zhou Huang, but also the King of the Star Field Divine Nation and the Tianfeng War Emperor of the Tianfeng Divine Nation looked at Luo Zheng with strange expressions. At the same time, they shifted their gazes back to Battle Emperor Yu the Great.
Luo Tianxing's eyes were clear and bright. It seemed that he was fine.
What was going on?
Did Battle Emperor Yu the Great show mercy?
This was impossible. The four Kings had been in power for so many years. They knew each other's temperament very well.
Battle Emperor Yu the Great, Liu Zan, had a gloomy personality. He was cold-blooded and arrogant. If he chose to attack, there was no possibility of him showing mercy.
However, Luo Tianxing seemed to be fine. What was going on?
On the stairs, the Divine Sea Realm warriors' eyes flickered. They couldn't understand the situation at all.
As time passed, not only did the Divine Sea Realm warriors realize that something was wrong, but even the Life and Death Realm warriors and the False Tribulation Realm warriors could see that something was wrong.

Chapter 785
Everyone's first reaction was that Battle Emperor Yu the Great had held back.
After opening the Spirit Sea, martial artists would have their own Inner World and it would be easier for them to cultivate their souls.
The resources in the Lower World were scarce and could not be compared to the Upper World. Therefore, there were not many methods to cultivate one's soul.
Therefore, many genius martial artists in the Upper World could cultivate their souls to the Combat Soul Realm when they were in the False Tribulation Realm or the Life and Death Realm. However, in the Lower World, many martial artists had to open their Spirit Sea and become Divine Sea Almighties before they could cultivate their souls to the Combat Soul Realm.
As for Luo Zheng, he was an accident.
In a sense, it was not an accident because Luo Zheng did not cultivate his soul in the Lower World. He relied on his ascension to the True Dragon World. Under the test of the Evil Spirit of the Owl Beast, his soul had improved rapidly and he had absorbed a considerable amount of soul energy. Only then was his soul able to reach the Combat Soul Realm.
In the Lower World, Divine Sea Almighties could easily suppress Life and Death Realm experts. First of all, there was a huge gap between their souls.
Only after reaching the Combat Soul Realm could one's soul transform into a powerful weapon.
Battle Emperor Yu the Great, Liu Zan, looked at Luo Zheng with a complicated expression. He could feel that Luo Zheng's soul was not weaker than his. In fact, it was even stronger than his!
If Luo Zheng had chosen to fight back, Battle Emperor Yu the Great would have suffered a great loss. At the very least, the wisp of soul that attacked Luo Zheng would have been destroyed by Luo Zheng.
However, Luo Zheng did not fight back. He was probably afraid of Battle Emperor Yu the Great's strength.
Battle Emperor Yu the Great stared at Luo Zheng in a daze. After a while, he said, "Good, good, good. At such a young age, with such cultivation, your soul is close to the Blue Soul Realm! You are indeed a young hero! "
When Battle Emperor Yu the Great said this, everyone's expression changed drastically!
Everyone thought that Battle Emperor Yu the Great had held back. However, Battle Emperor Yu the Great told everyone that he had not held back. It was because Luo Zheng's soul was close to the Blue Soul Realm!
Below the Divine Sea Realm, it was extremely difficult for one's soul to reach the Combat Soul Realm. In other words, it was impossible in the lower realm!
There were too few soul cultivation techniques and pills, and their effects were usually very poor. Since ancient times, there had never been a Life and Death Realm warrior who had cultivated his soul to the Battle Soul Realm, let alone Luo Zheng, who was just a False Tribulation Realm warrior! Moreover, he was only at the middle stage of the False Tribulation Realm!
Therefore, how could everyone not be shocked when they heard Battle Emperor Yu the Great's words?
Upon hearing Battle Emperor Yu the Great's words, Bai Yuerong immediately replied, "That's right! The Heartless Master once said that the Spirit Goblet he set up in the Northern Heaven Region was destroyed by Luo Zheng. This person's soul force is so powerful that Elder Gong doesn't need to come and identify you. There's no doubt that you're Luo Zheng! "
"No matter who this kid is, how did he cultivate his soul to such a level? Even Battle God Yu the Great is helpless against him? "
"Isn't this too exaggerated? Moreover, he came from a small place like the North Heaven Region. It is said that even a Life and Death Realm expert could sweep through the North Heaven Region … "
"That's impossible. How could a place like the North Heaven Region give birth to such a monster?"
The False Tribulation Realm warriors who could stand in the West Dragon River were basically divine geniuses in the four Divine Kingdoms. They were geniuses at the first and second tier. Even geniuses at the third tier were rare.
These divine geniuses were likely to enter the Divine Sea Realm in the future! Of course, it was only a possibility. The number of warriors who could enter the Divine Sea Realm in the end was still small.
Since they were geniuses, they would be conceited!
But at this moment, they were all shocked. This shock wasn't because of Luo Zheng's strength. There were many ways to measure a martial artist's strength, such as cultivation methods, strength, speed, cultivation, soul, and so on.
Soul was only one of them.
Just like what Battle Emperor Yu the Great had said, Luo Zheng's soul was indeed very powerful. It was even close to the Blue Soul Realm. However, this did not mean that Luo Zheng was very strong in other aspects. After all, Luo Zheng had not shown his strength yet.
Even so, the fact that his soul was close to the Blue Soul Realm made them so jealous that they could not believe it. They did not want to believe it!
It was like a group of people of the same age who were originally at the same starting line. Everyone earned about the same amount of wealth every day. Occasionally, someone would earn twice or thrice as much as them. This was also within the normal range. Other than being envious, everyone would also work harder to catch up.
However, one day, a guy suddenly appeared. This guy was about the same age as them and had the same cultivation as them. In the end, he earned hundreds or even thousands of times more than them. How could other people of the same age feel at ease?
They did not even have the courage to catch up …
The three Divine Sea Realm warriors of the Profound Jade Martial House were even more shocked. They had already seen Luo Zheng's strength. This guy not only had an amazing understanding of the Dharma, but his physical strength had also reached a horrifying level. Now, the three of them realized that Luo Zheng's soul was also very powerful. This guy was a monster with no flaws!
When this guy reached the Divine Sea Realm in the future, what kind of terrifying strength would he have?
Crown Prince Zhou Ning stared at Luo Zheng. He murmured in his heart, "A soul close to the Blue Soul Realm … How could this be? How could this be? Alas, if this person could be roped in by me, he would be of great help to me in the future. Unfortunately, he chose to side with Yan Wang. Is this fate? "
Today, the rulers of the four Divine Kingdoms had arrived. Moreover, they had brought along their respective Crown Princes and Princes.
The Crown Princes and Princes who were able to follow behind the rulers were naturally not weak. They were all firmly ranked in the first tier of martial artists. Moreover, some of the Crown Princes and Princes were even able to stand at the top of the first tier!
These Crown Princes and Princes were the true protagonists of the four Divine Kingdoms' future!
As long as ordinary Divine Rank geniuses did not "fall", they would eventually reach the Divine Sea Realm. However, these Crown Princes and Princes of the Divine Kingdoms were almost certain to reach the Divine Sea Realm!
However, at this time, many Crown Princes and Princes of the Divine Kingdoms were extremely depressed.
They were originally the pride of their Divine Kingdoms. They were the strongest of the younger generation. Under the wings of their Emperor Father, they steadily grew. With the accumulation of vast amounts of resources and secret cultivation sites, their achievements and strength far exceeded their peers by several times!
However, now, they had been dealt a heavy blow by Luo Zheng.
As the saying goes, comparisons are odious. In the past, no one could compare with them because they were the first batch of martial artists. However, now that they compared themselves with Luo Zheng, they realized the gap between them and Luo Zheng.
"Hmph, it's only his soul that is strong. I think he must have encountered some great opportunity that caused his soul to mutate. I'm afraid his strength is not enough to withstand a single blow!"
"I would like to meet this guy. It's useless to have a strong soul. I have the secret treasure that my Emperor Father gave me to protect my soul. This guy can't do anything to me!"
"Let's see how it goes. If this guy can defeat Yun Longtao, maybe I'll be interested in going down to play with him!"
The Crown Princes and Princes of the Divine Kingdoms all had the same thought. Only by thinking this way could they feel better.
On the other hand, King Yan opened his eyes. His eyes were shining with excitement. He had long noticed that Luo Zheng was extraordinary. However, he did not expect Luo Zheng's soul to be so ridiculously strong. Even Liu Zan could not do anything to Luo Zheng. This guy had brought him a huge surprise.
At this time, King Yan suddenly became vigilant. He immediately used his True Essence to transmit his voice to Zhou Huang, "Emperor Father …"
How could Zhou Huang not know what King Yan meant?
Just now, Liu Zan had suddenly attacked Luo Zheng with his soul. Unexpectedly, Luo Zheng's soul was not much weaker than Liu Zan's.
Now, Liu Zan's heart was filled with killing intent. If he used his True Essence to crush Luo Zheng, how could Luo Zheng survive?
It would be fine if such a person did not appear in the Black Iron Divine Kingdom. However, once he appeared, King Yan would protect him no matter what!
Swoosh!
Zhou Huang's figure flashed and stood between Luo Zheng and Battle Emperor Yu the Great. Then, he looked at Battle Emperor Yu the Great indifferently and said, "Liu Zan, that's enough. As the Monarch, you have gone too far by attacking a junior. No matter whether he is Luo Zheng or Luo Tianxing, he is still a member of the Black Iron Divine Kingdom!"

Chapter 786
Where there were people, there would be competition. Although the four Divine Kingdoms were united, there had never been a large-scale "Divine Kingdom War" between them.
However, this did not mean that there was no competition between the four Divine Kingdoms.
On the contrary, because the four Divine Kingdoms were on good terms, they were unable to annex each other. Therefore, the competition between them was even more intense!
This was also the reason why the four Divine Kingdoms had so many Martial Houses. The purpose was to nurture new geniuses!
As the Monarch of the Black Iron Divine Kingdom, Zhou Huang was well aware of Luo Zheng's value. Although he had not seen Luo Zheng's true strength, he knew that Luo Zheng's soul was close to the Blue Soul Realm. This was enough to explain many things.
Although Zhou Huang spoke in an amiable manner, it did not mean that he was afraid of Battle Emperor Yu the Great!
In the past few years, Yu the Great Divine Kingdom's development was the strongest. In terms of overall strength, Yu the Great Divine Kingdom was ranked first while Black Iron Divine Kingdom was ranked fourth.
However, that was only in terms of overall strength. In terms of strength, Zhou Huang might not be inferior to Liu Zan!
Hearing Zhou Huang's words, Liu Zan's face turned gloomy. He asked, "Zhou Huang, what do you mean?"
Zhou Huang said indifferently, "My meaning is clear. I don't know if he is Luo Zheng or Luo Tianxing. He came from my Black Iron Divine Kingdom and the Black Jade Martial House. He is a subject of my Black Iron Divine Kingdom!"
Liu Zan snorted coldly as a sneer appeared at the corner of his mouth. "So, my son died for nothing?"
Zhou Huang's lips curled up and he replied indifferently, "If I remember correctly, Liu Zan, you have more than twenty thousand descendants, right?"
Some Monarchs liked women and naturally had many children. However, the Monarchs of the four Divine Kingdoms all had many children. After all, as Monarchs, the more successors they had, the better. Only then would they be able to find the best of the best and find the most outstanding heir!
However, Liu Zan, the Battle Emperor of Yu the Great, probably had the most children. This person was extremely fond of women. His harem occupied millions of hectares of land, which was equivalent to a medium-sized city. There were probably tens of thousands of beautiful women in his harem.
These concubines had probably given birth to more than twenty thousand princes. This Liu Zan was probably unable to remember the names of all his sons …
Princes were worthless in the Divine Kingdoms.
Even if he was a prince, he had to rely on his talent and strength to prove that he was not a good-for-nothing. Only then would he be able to eat a hot meal! Most of the princes who were not talented enough could only be cruelly eliminated.
From this point of view, it could be seen that the lives of the princes with inferior talent were much more miserable than that of ordinary people.
"Even though I have many children, Hongwen's talent is excellent and he is deeply favored by me. His relationship with the Saintess is also extremely good! Don't tell me that as a father, I can't ask for an explanation! "Liu Zan said coldly to Zhou Huang.
Hearing that Liu Zan wanted an explanation, Zhou Huang sneered in his heart. Finally, he revealed his true colors.
Among the four monarchs, Liu Zan's character was known to be sinister and treacherous. After saying so much, he was just trying to extort a sum of money from him.
"I will give you an explanation! But I'll say it again, Luo Tianxing is a warrior of my Black Iron Godly Country! "Zhou Huang slowly moved aside. At the same time, he turned around and said to Luo Zheng," Luo Tianxing! "
With a smile on his face, Luo Zheng cupped his hands towards Zhou Huang and said, "Here!"
"Since my son, Zhihua, asked you to fight on his behalf, then you should perform well! But you have to be careful. "Zhou Huang said faintly and returned to the high platform.
As a monarch, it was commendable for him to do this. After all, Luo Zheng was just a False Tribulation Realm warrior.
He reminded Luo Zheng to pay attention to the warriors of Yu the Great Divine Country. Since he had said this, Liu Zan certainly would not attack Luo Zheng.
However, the strength of the younger generation of warriors of Yu the Great Divine Country could not be underestimated. If a warrior of Yu the Great Divine Country accidentally "killed" Luo Zheng, Zhou Huang would not be able to protect Luo Zheng. He could only blame himself for not being strong enough.
Zhihua?
Black Iron Godly Country was the world of the Zhou family, so the full name of Prince Yan was Zhou Zhihua …
Luo Zheng was delighted. No wonder he was called "Huahua" before.
Luo Zheng was very touched by Zhou Huang's warning. After all, he was not a warrior of Black Iron Godly Country. For a False Tribulation Realm warrior like him, Zhou Huang was willing to protect him. This was already beyond Luo Zheng's expectations.
The disturbance came to an end. Luo Zheng turned around and flew towards the barrier in the air. His eyes finally fell on Yun Longtao.
Yun Longtao's mouth curved, but he still had a confident smile on his face. He said to Luo Zheng, "Your soul is very strong! But … I don't know how strong it is! "
With the soul of a Battle Soul Realm warrior, Luo Zheng's advantage was obvious when facing an ordinary False Tribulation Realm warrior.
Even the confident Yun Longtao had a deep fear. Although he had a magical treasure that could defend his soul, he was not sure if it could withstand Luo Zheng's soul attack.
Luo Zheng smiled and said, "Don't worry! I won't use soul attacks! "
These words made Yun Longtao's face sink. The kid in front of him seemed to be even more arrogant than him!
He obviously had an incomparable advantage, but he actually gave it up. Moreover, Luo Zheng had already seen Yun Longtao's strength. What did this mean?
"Good! You actually have such confidence! Longtao, this person deserves your full strength! "Liu Zan's voice sounded again.
The meaning of his words was very clear. It was equivalent to sealing off Luo Zheng's path of using his soul to suppress his opponent. He was going to rely on his own strength to challenge Yun Longtao!
Yun Longtao nodded. He was not scared. Moreover, Luo Zheng had given up his advantage in the soul. He had always believed that it would be difficult for him to find an opponent in the False Tribulation Realm. That was why he had the title of being invincible in the False Tribulation Realm. He was 80% sure that he could defeat Luo Zheng!
However, after hearing Liu Zan's words, Yun Longtao understood that he was not going to simply defeat Luo Zheng and take away Luo Zheng's arm. He was going to take Luo Zheng's life.
Luo Zheng slowly took out a long sword from his body. With a gentle shake, it glowed with a faint golden luster against the sunlight.
"Upper Grade Sacred Weapon?" Seeing Luo Zheng's long sword, Yun Longtao's eyes narrowed slightly.
Even in the Black Iron Divine Nation, which was famous for its blacksmiths, Upper Grade Sacred Weapons were rare. Even if there were, they were the weapons of the imperial family. It was very difficult for ordinary warriors to get their hands on them.
Therefore, when Zhou Huang saw the Upper Grade Sacred Weapon in Luo Zheng's hand, his face revealed a strange expression. "Zhihua, did you give him this Upper Grade Sacred Weapon?"
King Yan shook his head. "Luo Zheng didn't ask me for a Sacred Weapon. This should be his own."
Zhou Huang shook his head and smiled. "This person's origin, I'm afraid … it's not as simple as being born in the Tianbei Region."
His inference was very simple. It was impossible for a barren land like the Tianbei Region to give birth to a blacksmith who could refine Upper Grade Sacred Weapons. Even if there were, a blacksmith of that level would not be able to find the materials to refine Upper Grade Sacred Weapons!
Zhou Huang was a blacksmith himself. He knew very well what kind of price was needed to refine a Upper Grade Sacred Weapon.
King Yan nodded and said, "I understand. However, Luo Tianxing's character is excellent and we are like-minded. Therefore, I gave him my precious Origin Stone of Life."
"Well, well done. Such a person staying in the Black Iron Divine Nation will bring immeasurable benefits to the Divine Nation in the future," Zhou Huang said.
Hearing the conversation between King Yan and Zhou Huang, Crown Prince Zhou Ning's face gradually darkened!
Zhou Ning and Zhou Zhihua had been fighting for a long time. Even though Zhou Zhihua had been conferred the title of King, there was still a long way to go. Even though he was the Crown Prince now, he knew very well that this competition had not ended. Unless he could step into the Divine Sea Realm in the future and his father abdicated, his position as the Crown Prince would be threatened by King Yan!
Now, one could imagine the pressure that Luo Zheng brought to Zhou Ning.
While they were talking, the battle had already begun.
Yun Longtao had put away all his contempt. Layers of Space Armor condensed. At the same time, the Sky Slashing Sword in his hand constantly twisted the space. It was as if there were countless water ripples flowing slowly in the space. Under the sunlight, they shone with colorful lights.
Then, Yun Longtao took a step forward. A string of figures appeared in the sky. Then, he appeared strangely beside Luo Zheng.
＝＝＝＝＝

Chapter 787
This was the tyrannical aspect of the Space Laws. From beginning to end, Yun Longtao had only used two simple moves.
Shuttling through space, attacking with his sword, shuttling through space, attacking with his sword …
These simple moves were impossible to guard against. He had easily defeated the geniuses of the Divine Kingdom's first step, even cutting off their arms!
However, it was not easy to cultivate the Space Laws. The vast majority of people did not have any comprehension of the Space Laws, let alone cultivate and apply them. Therefore, the moment Yun Longtao comprehended the third level of the Space Laws, his strength had already far surpassed his peers.
The moment Yun Longtao shuttled through space, he suddenly discovered that Luo Zheng's figure had also flickered, instantly disappearing in front of him. At the same time, he felt a familiar power of the Space Laws!
"This guy is also proficient in the Space Laws!"
Yun Longtao was shocked. The Space Slashing Sword in his hand was startled. He hurriedly slashed behind him, but this slash hit nothing but air.
Luo Zheng was standing not too far away, looking at him indifferently, a trace of ridicule on his face!
Seeing Luo Zheng's expression, Yun Longtao felt blood rush to his face. Since when did a cultivator of the same level dare to mock him!? Not to mention, this guy was only at the middle stage of the False Tribulation Realm!
"This Luo Zheng is also proficient in the Space Laws! And the number of layers isn't low, it seems to be two! "
"But Yun Longtao has already comprehended the third level of the Space Laws. I wonder who is stronger between the two of them."
"So what if it's the third level of the Space Laws? Yun Longtao hasn't completely comprehended the third level. At best, he has only comprehended 10% of the third level. The advantage isn't great. It still depends on how the two of them display their true strength! "
"If Luo Zheng doesn't use his soul to suppress Yun Longtao, I think his chances of winning are slim …"
Seeing Luo Zheng easily use the Space Laws, many of the Divine rank geniuses sighed. In their opinion, this guy was too lucky. Not only was his soul powerful, but even the Law he cultivated was the most powerful Space Laws!
"It looks like I should be more serious." Yun Longtao finally put away all his contempt and tightened his grip on the Space Slashing Sword.
"Are you still not serious enough?" Luo Zheng smiled faintly.
Yun Longtao clenched his teeth. "Die!"
After saying that, he took another step forward, but his figure suddenly disappeared.
"Hmm?" Luo Zheng's eyes flashed. He couldn't sense any of Yun Longtao's aura. This guy had completely disappeared from this world!
It should be the ability of the third level of the Law of Space. He didn't disappear, but was hiding in the void!
After comprehending the first level of the Space Laws, one would be able to cross short distances in space. Of course, this was only a superficial feeling. In truth, a martial artist was using the Space Laws to connect two space nodes together. From one space node, one could step out from another space node.
After comprehending the second level of the law of space, one could float outside of space. However, even Luo Zheng could only float outside of space for a short period of time. He was like a stone thrown into the sky. In the end, he couldn't escape the gravitational pull and fell back to his original place.
However, after cultivating the first and second level of the Law of Space, one could develop many other methods, such as condensing the "Space Armor" and the "Space Slashing Sword".
Luo Zheng didn't have the opportunity to comprehend the third level of the Law of Space. The obelisk in the True Dragon World only recorded the first level of the Law of Space, and Luo Zheng in the Sin Tower only cultivated the second level of the Law of Space. Therefore, Luo Zheng guessed that Yun Longtao could hide in the void by relying on the third level of the Law of Space!
A trace of vigilance appeared on Luo Zheng's face.
Even Luo Zheng had to admit that Yun Longtao's strength was extraordinary. An ordinary late stage False Tribulation Realm martial artist was simply no match for him.
If Yun Longtao hid in the void and launched a sneak attack, Luo Zheng wouldn't have a good way to deal with him. He could only let Yun Longtao attack …
"Hu …"
Just as Luo Zheng was on high alert, he suddenly felt a familiar fluctuation of the Law of Space beside him.
"It's coming!" Luo Zheng was startled. His figure suddenly twisted, and once again shuttled through space, leaving his original place.
After Luo Zheng and Yun Longtao had put some distance between them, the two looked at each other again. Yun Longtao's face had a cruel smile, and a few drops of red blood slowly flowed down from the transparent Space Slashing Sword.
"Your body is very unique! This sword should have cut open your neck! " Yun Longtao looked at Luo Zheng with a strange expression, then shook his head and grinned carelessly. He even stuck out his tongue and licked the blood on the Space Slashing Sword clean. "But it's still a bit slow. Next time, I'll be faster."
A thin line of blood appeared on Luo Zheng's neck. The Space Slashing Sword could shatter a Divine Tool, so his current high-grade Immortal Tool body naturally couldn't withstand it. However, if it were another person, their head would have been separated from their body.
Luo Zheng's eyes were indifferent, but he replied, "There won't be a next time. Even if you hide in the void, I can see through it."
"Is that so?" Yun Longtao didn't believe Luo Zheng's words, and once again disappeared in front of Luo Zheng.
The void and the entire world were separated. Generally speaking, the world inside the spatial crack was the void. It was like the reverse side of a mirror, the reverse side of the world. It was empty, and nothing existed!
This was not a concealment technique, and it was impossible for him to emit any aura for Luo Zheng to detect. Therefore, Luo Zheng couldn't see through it!
"Sure enough, it's not easy to deal with Yun Longtao!"
"Yun Longtao is the pride of our Yu the Great Divine Kingdom! He's invincible in the False Tribulation Realm! There's no way to deal with this method! "
"I'm afraid Luo Tianxing will die in Yun Longtao's hands. Since Battle Emperor Yu the Great has already hinted, why would he let Luo Tianxing live?"
Many warriors of the Profound Jade Martial House watched the battle in the sky nervously.
After the previous incident, many warriors of the Black Iron Divine Kingdom understood that Luo Zheng probably came from the Northern Heaven Region, and wasn't a member of the Black Iron Divine Kingdom.
However, Luo Zheng was, after all, representing the Black Iron Divine Nation and the Black Jade Martial House in this battle. This point was personally stated by the Black Iron Divine Nation's Ruler, Zhou Huang. They would not treat Luo Zheng as an outsider.
"Come on, Luo Tianxing!"
"Be careful of his assassination. Move quickly, he may not be able to catch up with you!"
The warriors of the Black Iron Divine Kingdom were also cheering for Luo Zheng.
Just after Yun Longtao entered the void, Luo Zheng raised the long sword in his hand. His eyes flickered slightly, and then there was an emerald light flowing within. It was the Clear Eyes Spirit Pupils!
The Clear Eyes Spirit Pupils allowed Luo Zheng to see through most of the illusions, and it also allowed him to detect the slightest changes.
Moving in the void and assassinating, this method was indeed troublesome for Luo Zheng, but it wasn't like he didn't have a way to break it!
When the emerald light appeared in Luo Zheng's eyes, the whole world seemed to be plated with a layer of green. Even if one walked on the reverse side of the world, it was impossible not to leave behind any clues.
Under the flickering of the Clear Eyes Spirit Pupils, Luo Zheng saw a small black line constantly spreading in the void. It was the trace left behind by walking in the void.
This black line couldn't be seen with the naked eye, and it couldn't be detected with the soul perception. However, under the Clear Eyes Spirit Pupils, it couldn't hide.
Of course, Luo Zheng wasn't a fool. Naturally, he wouldn't stare at the black line. His eyes were still sweeping around, but the corner of his eyes firmly locked on the black line.
Perhaps this Yun Longtao was really wary of Luo Zheng. He was actually very careful. After circling around Luo Zheng, he wanted to catch Luo Zheng off guard. He was actually slowly approaching Luo Zheng from the front!
As the black line got closer and closer, Luo Zheng still revealed a hesitant expression. The moment the black line got closer, Luo Zheng suddenly faced the front, revealing a sweet smile, and then suddenly stabbed out with his long sword!
The timing of his sword stabbing out was just right, and it just happened to collide with the Sky Slashing Sword!
Moreover, since Yun Longtao came out of the void, there would inevitably be a spatial crack that could allow one person to pass through. When Luo Zheng struck out with his sword, his body rushed forward. Not only did he repel Yun Longtao, he also followed closely behind and entered the spatial crack.

Chapter 788
With Luo Zheng's understanding of space, he couldn't escape into the void.
Even if he could see through Yun Longtao's path in the void, he could only dodge in advance. As long as Yun Longtao stayed in the void and attacked Luo Zheng, Luo Zheng couldn't do anything to Yun Longtao.
Therefore, the moment Yun Longtao attacked, Luo Zheng directly used his sword to push Yun Longtao back into the void. At the same time, he squeezed into the space crack!
This was also because Yun Longtao was too careless. He never thought that Luo Zheng could see through his position. Yun Longtao originally thought that this attack would be enough to cut Luo Zheng in two. If he was more cautious and didn't open too big of a space crack, Luo Zheng wouldn't be able to do anything to him.
After the two disappeared into thin air, the barrier in the sky was empty. The geniuses of the four Divine Kingdoms looked at each other and started to stare blankly at the sky.
Only the Divine Sea Realm experts and some Life and Death Realm experts stared at the sky without blinking.
If one wanted to see through the void, they naturally had to use their own magical powers. For example, Zhou Huang's eyes were shining with a golden luster. Through the golden luster, his gaze seemed to be able to see through everything in the world.
Battle Emperor Yu the Great's eyes were faintly flickering with a black light.
Some Divine Sea Realm experts even took out some magical treasures. For example, one Divine Sea Realm expert placed an almost transparent crystal in front of his eyes. Only then could he observe the battle in the void.
In the void, Luo Zheng and Yun Longtao were fighting fiercely.
After a short moment of surprise, Yun Longtao quickly calmed down. The Sky Slashing Sword in his hand was as sharp as a poisonous snake. It slashed at Luo Zheng again and again.
If it were an ordinary sacred weapon, it naturally wouldn't be able to withstand the slashes of the Sky Slashing Sword. However, the Sky Slashing Sword couldn't shatter a high-grade sacred weapon.
As the two of them exchanged blows, Yun Longtao's disadvantage became apparent.
The martial skills that Yun Longtao cultivated were relatively simple. Of course, it didn't mean that simple martial skills were inferior. His sword moves pursued speed, ruthlessness, and accuracy! He strived to achieve the best results with the most powerful sword moves in the shortest amount of time.
From this point of view, it was somewhat similar to the path of minimalism pursued by Luo Zheng.
However, Luo Zheng's "Formless" was the best way to restrain this type of sword technique.
There were only two ways to break Luo Zheng's move. The first was to win with pure strength, completely ignoring Luo Zheng's moves and directly suppressing Luo Zheng.
The second was to comprehend an even more exquisite move to deal with it. Martial artists with such martial skills might exist, but it was absolutely impossible for them to be born in the lower realms. Without a doubt, Yun Longtao was not one of them.
"My swordsmanship is at a complete disadvantage!"
Yun Longtao gritted his teeth, and the Sky Slashing Sword in his hand became even sharper. What kind of person was he?
Even if he didn't come from a noble background, relying on his own diligence and talent to achieve his current status step by step, becoming a prominent martial artist in the Great Yu Divine Kingdom and firmly standing at the top of the first step of the younger generation, it was impossible for him to give up so easily!
However, Yun Longtao couldn't figure out why the set of swordsmanship he cultivated was a secret inheritance of the Great Yu Divine Kingdom. It was a wonderful swordsmanship passed down from the upper realms. Why was it so easily broken by Luo Zheng and suppressed by him?
He felt that Luo Zheng's swordsmanship was like a hoop spell, tightly binding his every move. No matter how he struggled, he couldn't use his full strength!
In fact, from the beginning to the end, Luo Zheng's swordsmanship was very simple. Every time the Sky Slashing Sword stabbed out, he would lift his long sword, and the floating sword would casually block Yun Longtao's attack. Sword after sword, Luo Zheng's state of mind became more and more calm, and his sword attacks became more and more casual.
On the other hand, Yun Longtao became more and more impatient.
"Break for me! Sky Slashing Sword, Chaotic Void Slash! "
Yun Longtao clenched his teeth, and a dark red color flashed in his eyes. The Sky Slashing Sword in his hand suddenly transformed into thousands of sword shadows that chaotically flew out.
Luo Zheng still had a faint smile on his face, and the long sword seemed like a weak and powerless woman waving it.
"Ding!"
After comprehending the Formless Sword, Luo Zheng could almost see through most of the swordsmanship at a glance. Yun Longtao exerted the Sky Slashing Sword to the extreme, but Luo Zheng could still see through it in an instant!
The moment the weak and powerless sword blocked the Sky Slashing Sword, Luo Zheng smiled at Yun Longtao. Yun Longtao was stunned for a moment, and then he felt a huge and irresistible power pouring out from Luo Zheng's long sword!
The surging power gushed out in an instant, and Yun Longtao almost couldn't hold the long sword in his hand. If not for the fact that the Sky Slashing Sword was condensed by the Law of Space and was an existence that was one with him, it would have flown out of his hand.
Even so, Yun Longtao's sword-wielding hand was blocked by Luo Zheng's long sword, and the door in front of him was wide open!
Luo Zheng heard it from the front, and his fist directly smashed towards Yun Longtao!
"Bang!"
The first punch smashed into the Space Armor on Yun Longtao's chest. The power of this punch wasn't enough to break through space, and Yun Longtao was safe and sound. He only borrowed Luo Zheng's huge force to fly backwards.
The power wasn't enough …
Luo Zheng's eyes flashed, and his figure flashed as he chased after the constantly retreating Yun Longtao.
Under this pursuit, Yun Longtao's Sky Slashing Sword attacked back, but Luo Zheng didn't care at all. His long sword suddenly swung out, and the Sky Slashing Sword was knocked away again.
"Bang!"
Immediately after, a second punch smashed into the Space Armor. Luo Zheng opened the power of 300 dragon scales in this punch, and tiny cracks began to appear on the Space Armor, like fine spiderwebs.
"What a formidable strength. Not only is this fellow's sword skill incomparably exquisite, but he also possesses such strength. Is he a monster?"
It had been a long time since anyone had given him such a feeling. Among the younger generation, besides the royal family of the four Divine Kingdoms, only the little monster of the Nine Cauldron Martial House was worthy of his attention.
But now, in Yun Longtao's eyes, Luo Zheng seemed to be even more terrifying and formidable than the little monster of the Nine Cauldron Martial House.
That little monster was indeed formidable, but he had serious shortcomings. But this Luo Zheng … not only did he have a formidable soul, but he also cultivated exquisite sword skills. What was even more frightening was his strength. If it weren't for the fact that he condensed the Space Armor into an abnormally sturdy armor, a single punch from him would have been enough to cripple him.
I'm not his match …
As proud as he was, he had no choice but to lower his head and come to such an answer.
Beside the West Dragon River, the wind was howling. An ordinary person would find it difficult to even walk. If they were careless, they would be swept away by the wind and sent into the West Dragon River to die.
The warriors present were at least in the False Tribulation Realm. No matter how the wind blew, they stood still, quietly waiting for the outcome of the battle between Luo Zheng and Yun Longtao.
Those Divine Sea Realm warriors looked at the void, knowing the outcome of the battle. But the warriors in the square below didn't know.
"Who has the upper hand? I wonder if Luo Tianxing can do it!"
"I believe he can win …"
"I believe so too!"
The warriors of the Black Iron Divine Kingdom could only pin their hopes on Luo Zheng.
Hearing the words of the warriors of the Black Iron Divine Kingdom, the warriors of the Great Yu Divine Kingdom laughed.
"Haha, these guys of the Black Iron Divine Kingdom are too naive! Senior Brother Yun Tao, who has comprehended the third level of the Space Law, is almost invincible. Win? How can Luo Tianxing win? "
"It's unreasonable for a Mid False Tribulation Realm warrior to win against a Late False Tribulation Realm warrior. What's more, Senior Brother Yun Tao has the strength to fight against a Life and Death Realm warrior. They are dreaming!"
"Let them dream. But the reality is always cruel. When they wake up, they will cry."
The warriors of the Great Yu Divine Kingdom were very calm. After all, they knew how terrifying Yun Longtao was.
At this moment, everyone suddenly felt an energy fluctuation in the sky. This fluctuation was so obvious that almost everyone felt it at once.
"He's out!"
Everyone saw a strange crack appear in the sky, and then a figure stumbled out of it!
"It seems that the battle is over. I said that Luo Tianxing is not Senior Brother Yun Tao, right …" A warrior of the Great Yu Divine Kingdom was only halfway through his words when he saw the sorry figure. It was Yun Longtao!
"Senior Brother Yun Tao is actually at a disadvantage!" The warriors of the Great Yu Divine Kingdom were shocked.
A warrior with sharp eyes shook his head and said, "No, not only is he at a disadvantage, he is being suppressed by Luo Tianxing."

Chapter 789
Just like that cultivator said, when Yun Longtao escaped from the void, Luo Zheng's figure also floated over.
Yun Longtao's counterattack was still futile and powerless, and Luo Zheng still used "Formless" to easily parry the Sky Slashing Sword.
With a crisp sound, Luo Zheng punched out again.
"Ding!"
"Peng!"
These two moves suppressed Yun Longtao to the point that he had no chance to fight back.
With this punch, the space armor on Yun Longtao's chest had already reached its limit. It was covered in broken lines, as if it would collapse at any moment.
"Again!"
Yun Longtao's temperament was that of someone who would never admit defeat. He could take his life, but he would never give up resisting and admit defeat.
"Ding!"
"Peng!"
In a situation where both sides were equal in strength, the cultivator with the strongest willpower would often win.
Unfortunately, when the gap in strength was too large, willpower seemed to be stretched thin.
"Kuang dang …"
Under this punch, the sound of glass shattering could be heard. Yun Longtao's space armor could no longer withstand and shattered. Luo Zheng's punch directly hit Yun Longtao's chest.
A huge force passed through Luo Zheng's fist and hit Yun Longtao's chest. Like a falling meteor, Yun Longtao smashed downwards!
The two of them had just fought in the void and had already left the barrier. Without the barrier's obstruction, Yun Longtao directly smashed into the square. The cultivators below quickly dodged, and Yun Longtao's figure directly smashed a large hole in the ground.
Under the blowing of the strong wind, the rising smoke was like a wild wave of smoke. In an instant, it was blown away and dissipated into thin air.
Yun Longtao lay motionless in the large hole, and it was unknown whether he was dead or alive.
All the Divine Rank geniuses of the four Divine Kingdoms stared blankly at Yun Longtao. Just how mighty was Yun Longtao before?
He had consecutively killed several Divine Rank geniuses of the Black Iron Divine Kingdom and the Star Field Divine Kingdom. Moreover, the words he said made many cultivators feel ashamed. His talent was extremely high, but he thought that he was not worth mentioning. Such a character would definitely grow to a level that they could not look up to in the future.
He was invincible in the False Tribulation Realm. Many Divine Rank geniuses had already silently acknowledged this fact.
But now, Luo Zheng had smashed his space armor to pieces. Yun Longtao lay in the large hole like a dead pig. It had to be said that this was a crushing defeat.
"Good, very good, very good!" Zhou Huang suddenly said these words, a faint smile appearing on his face.
Under Yun Longtao's suppression, the Black Iron Divine Nation could be said to be dejected. Although the Black Iron Divine Nation did not have the upper hand in the past, the geniuses of the Divine Nation were still able to compete with other geniuses. They had never been so miserable.
Fortunately, Luo Zheng had stepped forward and saved the Divine Kingdom's face! Regardless of whether Luo Zheng was from Black Iron Divine Kingdom or not, at least he had passed the Black Jade Martial House's assessment and represented Black Iron Divine Kingdom in this battle! This victory had really come at the right time!
Prince Yan was also beaming with joy. He did not need to say much now. His father had always been fair. By relying on Luo Zheng, Prince Yan's status in his father's heart would rise significantly!
However, while there were happy people, there were also unhappy people.
Bai Yuerong's figure flashed gently, turning into a green light that swept across the square and flew into the large hole. Then, she took out a jade-white pill from her small pouch and stuffed it into Yun Longtao's mouth.
"Holy Maiden, is Longtao alright?" Battle Emperor Yu the Great asked with a gloomy face. The life of a False Tribulation Realm warrior was not worthy of Battle Emperor Yu the Great's personal concern. However, as the Monarch, he had to ask in front of everyone.
"His internal organs were shattered. It's nothing serious." Bai Yuerong shook her head and said. Then, she stared coldly at Luo Zheng in the sky and said, "Little monster, fight on my behalf! Kill him! "
Bai Yuerong's status was extraordinary. She was also qualified to choose a warrior to fight on her behalf.
Hearing Bai Yuerong's words, Luo Zheng was slightly stunned. Who was the Little Monster?
At this time, a sharp voice sounded, "According to the rules, Yu the Great's Divine Kingdom cannot send anyone to fight in this round!"
This round, it was Star Field Divine Kingdom and Sky Wind Divine Kingdom's turn to send a warrior to fight. However, Bai Yuerong was furious and did not think so much.
Under the sharp voice's reminder, Bai Yuerong gritted her teeth and said, "Then let's wait for the next round!"
Luo Zheng did not know who the Little Monster was, but the others knew.
In particular, King Yan's expression changed slightly. He did not expect Bai Yuerong to send the Little Monster to fight in her anger. Could Luo Zheng withstand it?
On the square, there was a thin and small warrior lying on the ground, snoring loudly.
From the beginning to the end, this warrior had not watched the battle in the sky. It was as if everything that happened around him had nothing to do with him.
However, after Bai Yuerong spoke, this thin and weak martial artist suddenly woke up. When he opened his eyes, he discovered that there was no white in his eyes. The eyeballs under his eyelids were pitch black, like black holes. It was a very strange sight!
This person was the Little Monster that Bai Yuerong had mentioned.
"Hehehe, Bai Yuerong, you want me to fight on your behalf?" The Little Monster's body was very strange. It was unknown how he moved his feet, but he came to Bai Yuerong's side in an instant.
It was a big taboo to call her name in front of so many people!
Bai Yuerong was the Saintess of the Esoteric Sect. Although she came from the Da Yu Kingdom, her influence spread across the entire continent!
After all, religions had no borders. Using the power of the Upper Realm, the Esoteric Sect had many followers in the four Holy Kingdoms. This was also the reason why Bai Yuerong's status was so high even though she was not strong.
Even the Battle Emperor Da Yu would not call her by her name. He had to call her Saintess. However, the Little Monster did not avoid this taboo.
Bai Yuerong glared at the Little Monster. If she had a choice, she would not want this guy to fight!
There were many Martial Houses in the four Holy Kingdoms. The number one Martial House in the Holy Kingdoms was the publicly recognized Nine Cauldrons Martial House!
The Little Monster was the strongest person in the Nine Cauldrons Martial House.
Even with Yun Longtao's pride, he did not dare to challenge the Little Monster.
Not only was the Little Monster powerful, but his character was also extremely bad. Not only did he like to kill the innocent, but he also indulged in debauchery. What was worse was that the women he had intercourse with were often tortured to death by him. Over the years, the number of beautiful women who had died in the Little Monster's hands was probably more than a thousand!
More than once, the Little Monster had designs on Bai Yuerong!
He was not lusting after Bai Yuerong's beauty. He was simply interested in her identity as the Saintess.
If it was any other warrior who dared to show any lust for Bai Yuerong, they would die without a burial place. How could the Saintess of the Secret Sect be blasphemed by others?
However, the Little Monster was an exception. He once said publicly that if he had the chance, he would definitely take Bai Yuerong into his harem. Then … Bai Yuerong was furious when she heard those words. However, Bai Yuerong could not do anything to him.
The Nine Cauldrons Martial House was already the number one Martial House in the Holy Kingdoms Continent. It was close to the rank of a seventh rank force. The Little Monster was too important to the Nine Cauldrons Martial House.
However, the Little Monster was important not because of his strength.
He was only at the Late Stage of the False Tribulation Realm. So what if he was powerful? He was no match for a Divine Sea Realm warrior.
The Nine Cauldrons Martial House did not lack Life and Death Realm warriors and Divine Sea Realm warriors. However, they could not do without the Little Monster. This was because the Little Monster was the reason why the Great Yu Kingdom was so prosperous in the past 30 years. The younger generation of warriors grew so quickly.
The Little Monster had a very special talent.
Any warrior who fought with the Little Monster could easily enter a state of epiphany!
For example, if a Divine Sea Realm warrior was stuck in a bottleneck, he could easily break through after fighting with the Little Monster.
The Little Monster's talent was not only effective for False Tribulation Realm warriors, but also for Life and Death Realm warriors and Divine Sea Realm warriors!
However, relatively speaking, the stronger one was, the weaker the effect. When one reached the realm of Battle Emperor Yu the Great, the effect would be negligible.
Regardless, this ability was a fatal attraction to almost all warriors. Even if the Little Monster's character was so bad, the Nine Cauldrons Martial House still treated him like a grandfather!
Many Divine Sea Realm warriors in the four Holy Kingdoms also planned to cultivate the Little Monster. The Little Monster was only at the late stage of the False Tribulation Realm. His talent had little effect on Divine Sea Realm warriors. What if he was cultivated to the Divine Sea Realm?
＝＝＝＝＝

Chapter 790
Battle Emperor Yu the Great, Zhou Huang, and the Heavenly Wind Emperor all wanted to improve themselves and reach a higher level of cultivation. Battle Emperor Yu the Great, Zhou Huang, and the Heavenly Wind Emperor all wanted to …
Due to the limited resources in the Lower World, most Divine Sea Realm warriors could not cross that hurdle.
This little monster had such a special talent, so he naturally attracted everyone's attention. He was a national treasure to the Great Yu Divine Kingdom and even the four Divine Kingdoms.
Because of this, the little monster was unscrupulous and no one dared to find trouble with him.
Back in the Great Yu Divine Kingdom, the little monster had taken a fancy to a courtesan and fought with a talented Prince of the Great Yu Divine Kingdom. In a fit of anger, the little monster killed the Prince of the Great Yu Divine Kingdom.
The Prince of the Great Yu Divine Kingdom was even more powerful than Liu Hongwen, second only to the Crown Prince of the Divine Kingdom. Even though the Great Yu Divine Kingdom was furious, he did not pursue the little monster's responsibility.
Bai Yuerong thought for a while and looked at Luo Zheng, who was floating in the air. She bit her lips and replied, "Yes, I want you to fight on my behalf!"
"Sure!" The corner of the little monster's mouth cracked open. Coupled with his strange black eyes, he did not look like a human, but a humanoid monster. He rubbed his hands together, then moved closer to Bai Yuerong and sniffed her. Then, he smiled and said, "I want a reward!"
A bad premonition arose in Bai Yuerong's heart. She was afraid that this little monster was going to spout some nonsense again.
"What reward do you want?" Bai Yuerong asked in a deep voice.
The little monster continued rubbing his hands and sent a message to Bai Yuerong using Zhen Yuan. No one else could hear it.
Bai Yuerong's face flushed red. She scolded angrily, "Do you want to die, little monster?"
In fact, Bai Yuerong knew that he would make such an unbearable request. Fortunately, this little monster knew some taboos and used true essence sound transmission to communicate with her. If others were to hear this, it would have a great impact on the Esoteric Religion.
His request was simple. He wanted her to sleep with him once.
How could Bai Yuerong agree to such a request?
Seeing that Bai Yuerong was really angry, the little monster restrained himself. "Since you don't agree to this request, then forget it. But the next time the Reverse Spirit Channel opens, if there are any good things released from the Upper World, will you let me choose first?"
This was the power of Esoteric Teachings.
This was the reason why the four Divine Kingdoms supported the Esoteric Sect so much that even the King had to be courteous to Bai Yuerong.
Only the Esoteric Sect could establish a connection with the Upper Realm's Human Clan. Every few years, the Upper Realm would use the Reverse Spirit Channel to distribute some treasures from the Upper Realm. However, these things were not distributed for nothing. The Upper Realm's Esoteric Sect still hoped that the Four Great Divine Nations would completely take over the Heavenly Feather Sacred Sea and take out the most important things.
Generally speaking, after the heaven-defying passageway opened, the first to choose would naturally be the rulers of the four Divine Kingdoms. However, these items were also distributed by Bai Yuerong.
Although the little monster's request was excessive, Bai Yuerong could still accept it reluctantly. After all, the reverse spirit channel passed down not only treasures, but also many pellets for cultivation. Many mighty warriors of the Spirit Sea Realm were eagerly waiting for the little monster to enter the Spirit Sea Realm.
After a slight hesitation, she bit her lip and nodded. "Sure!"
"Alright, I'll help you kill him later!" After speaking, the little monster didn't look at the surrounding people. It didn't even look at Luo Zheng in the sky. It found an empty space again, turned over, and fell into a deep sleep.
After hearing the little monster's words, Bai Yuerong looked at Luo Zheng in the sky. Her thin lips curled up, revealing a cold smile. "Luo Zheng, oh Luo Zheng, I said I would kill you. Even after three years, you still can't escape."
Luo Zheng stood in the sky. At this moment, no warrior came up to challenge him, so he could clearly see the scene in the square.
This little monster was actually so arrogant. Luo Zheng's expression was calm, but his heart was vigilant.
No one who had cultivated to the False Tribulation Realm was a fool. Most of the arrogant people did it because they had real ability and strength. Looking at Bai Yuerong's cold smile, she seemed to be very confident in this little monster. Naturally, Luo Zheng became vigilant towards this little monster.
After defeating Yun Longtao, it was time for the Star Field Divine Nation and the Sky Wind Divine Nation to send out their warriors.
The Sky Wind Divine Nation didn't send out any warriors from the beginning. As for the Star Field Divine Nation, no one spoke either.
"No one wants to challenge me?" Luo Zheng quietly floated in the air. He was also puzzled. "How will the next battle proceed?"
In the four Divine Kingdoms, there were only a total of twenty to thirty first-tier martial artists.
Yun Longtao was already a peak existence among these twenty to thirty people. Previously, Zhao Tianji, Xiao Daoyuan, Zhan Yun, and the others were all pale. It was clear how powerful Yun Longtao was.
Such a powerful person had been easily defeated by Luo Zheng. Among the many Martial Houses present, no one was willing to face Luo Zheng. The difference in strength was too great.
Of course, this wasn't because no one from the younger generation of the four Divine Nations dared to step forward. Many Divine Nation Princes and Crown Princes were monstrous geniuses among monstrous geniuses. They either inherited some innate bloodline, cultivated some strange cultivation method, or had some precious treasure or secret technique.
However, how could a member of the imperial family casually step forward?
"Who else wants to challenge my Black Iron Divine Nation's Luo Zheng?" At this time, it was Zhou Huang's turn to speak. His face was filled with pride.
At this time, the Sky Wind War Emperor, who had been silent from beginning to end, opened his mouth. "Yun 'er, if you can't bear it, go and exchange some pointers with Luo Tianxing. Don't go too far!"
Following which, a feminine female voice rang out. "Yes, Father!"
Soon, a woman with long hair like a waterfall walked out from behind the Sky Wind War Emperor.
This woman's hair was really long. Half of her long hair hung down to her ankles. Moreover, her hair was braided. Otherwise, it would have dragged on the ground.
"It's the little princess of the Sky Wind Divine Nation! A member of the imperial family actually stepped forward! "
"It's been many years since a member of the imperial family stepped forward to battle …"
"Generally speaking, the imperial family doesn't step forward to battle, right?"
In a situation where no one was willing to step forward, the princess of the Sky Wind Divine Nation actually stepped forward. This was far beyond everyone's expectations.
The Sky Wind Divine Nation was the world of the Huo Family. As for this little princess named Yun 'er, she had a great background!
It was said that Huo Yun 'er was the most talented cultivator in the Sky Wind Divine Nation's imperial family. It was also because of Huo Yun' er that the Crown Prince of the Sky Wind Divine Nation was crippled.
A country of cultivators had always respected strength. Although Huo Yun 'er was a woman, if her strength matured and she reached the Divine Sea Realm in the future, she would be able to take over the Sky Wind War Emperor's position and become an empress.
However, in the history of the Divine Nation Continent, there had never been a woman who had ascended to the throne. Everyone was optimistic about Huo Yun 'er. She had a high chance of breaking the record and becoming the first empress of the Divine Nation Continent.
Huo Yun 'er looked very weak, so weak that she could not even stand up to a gust of wind. Her demeanor was also quite charming. Her figure gently turned and circles of fire lotuses appeared under her feet. She stepped on these fire lotuses and slowly floated over.
When she entered the barrier, she smiled sweetly and a faint flame circulated between her eyebrows. "My name is Huo Yun 'er!"
Luo Zheng raised his eyebrows. Since the princess of the Divine Nation Continent had such etiquette, Luo Zheng naturally would not slight her. "This one is Luo Tianxing."
"Imperial Father said that if the imperial family were to take action, it would be a loss of the imperial family's dignity. However, I think that Imperial Father was able to lead the Divine Nation not because of his dignity or anything else, but because of my Huo family's strength, my Imperial Father's strength … If our strength isn't enough, where would our dignity come from?"
Her voice was soft and gentle. It was like a sweet spring water that made people feel very comfortable.
"This one agrees wholeheartedly," Luo Zheng said with a nod.
All fame was backed by strength. Without this, it would be like duckweed without roots, water without a source. It would be a true false reputation!
"Therefore, I want to exchange pointers with you," Huo Yun 'er said with a gentle smile.
"This one is deeply honored to be able to exchange blows with the princess of the Divine Nation!" Luo Zheng immediately said.

Chapter 791
"Oh? Why is that so? "Luo Zheng's face revealed a strange expression.
"If you defeat me, the little monster will definitely challenge you. He is a madman, a real madman. He will kill you," Huo Yuner said with a face full of worry.
Hearing Huo Yuner's words, Luo Zheng suddenly smiled. Looking at Huo Yuner's expression, it didn't seem like she was faking it. She was really worried about him. She was indeed a kind-hearted little princess, kind-hearted and quite pure.
Only under the protection of the imperial family could she be nurtured to such a level of strength and such a pure martial artist … …
Luo Zheng didn't want to brush off her good intentions. He only said, "Thank you for your reminder, Princess of Scandinavia. I, Luo Tianxing, know what to do!"
Huo Yuner blinked, her pair of beautiful eyes full of charm. She also understood that Luo Zheng probably wouldn't listen to other people's advice. She nodded and then said, "Okay, I'm going to make my move. You be careful!"
Hearing Huo Yuner's words, Luo Zheng was speechless again. She even reminded him to be careful. This little girl was really too well-behaved.
However, although Huo Yuner was modest and well-behaved, when she made her move, Luo Zheng's complexion suddenly changed.
He saw her raise a jade hand, and then he saw that she was wearing a red jade bracelet on her wrist. From this bracelet, a kind of power that made Luo Zheng's heart palpitate was transmitted!
"This, what level of treasure is this?" Luo Zheng opened his eyes wide, staring at the fiery red bracelet.
Probably because she saw Luo Zheng's gaze, she didn't expect that the attack she was preparing to attack would suddenly stop. Then she pretended to be serious and said to Luo Zheng, "This is a jade bracelet. It was given to me by my father."
Hearing Huo Yuner's words, Luo Zheng almost fell down … …
Many martial artists in the square also almost fell to the ground one by one.
Wasn't this Huo Yuner too outrageous? She hadn't even started her attack, but she still stopped to tell him the origin of the bracelet.
"I didn't say anything. This little princess is too cute!"
"Sigh, she's the princess of Scandinavia. You can only think about how cute she is in your heart."
"Humph, don't underestimate me, Huo Yuner. Even if she tells you all of her weaknesses, you are still not her opponent. Although she is innocent, her strength is very formidable!"
Even the Tianfeng War Emperor had an awkward expression on his face.
However, Zhou Huang comforted him, "Old Huo, your daughter is not bad. She's quite cute."
Many of the martial artists in the square were still discussing Huo Yuner's outrageous actions, but Huo Yuner's next words caused them to fall silent.
"I like this bracelet very much. It's a semi-divine tool," Huo Yuner said as she gently stroked the bracelet.
Demigod Artifact …
Even Luo Zheng was shocked when he heard this.
Above Spirit Artifacts were Immortal Artifacts, above Immortal Artifacts were Saint Artifacts, and above Saint Artifacts were Divine Artifacts!
Luo Zheng now had a high-grade sacred tool, which was the long sword in his hand. But what was a divine tool like? He had never seen one before.
Previously, Luo Zheng had guessed that there might be divine tools in the Divine Kingdom Continent.
Now, it seemed that his guess had become reality. Demigod Artifact! Based on this, it was probably an existence that surpassed high-grade sacred tools. It should be infinitely close to becoming a divine tool.
In the square, all the martial artists stared at the bracelet. They knew very well how beneficial a semi-divine tool was to a martial artist!
Most of the martial artists in the Divine Kingdom Continent knew that there were indeed divine tools on this continent. However, divine tools were the foundation of a country. They were not willing to show others and were firmly in the hands of the country's rulers.
Under normal circumstances, they would not have the chance to see them.
Now, they were fortunate enough to see a semi-divine tool. It could be considered an eye-opener.
"Luo Zheng, be careful of the bracelet in this woman's hand." At this time, a voice transmitted from Luo Zheng's body. It was Xun.
Since entering the Divine Kingdom, Luo Zheng had concealed his strength and did not let Xun out for a breath of fresh air. At this time, Xun noticed the bracelet and could not help but warn him.
"En, I understand." Even without Xun's warning, Luo Zheng would have raised his vigilance.
"Okay, this time I'm really going to make a move!" After Huo Yuner finished speaking, she once again waved her wrist that was as white as a lotus root. Under this gentle swaying, the bracelet on her wrist also swayed.
"Buzz buzz buzz …"
Under this swaying, little red flames immediately covered her hand. It was as if her entire arm was condensed from flames.
"The Law of Fire, at least the third level …" Luo Zheng's eyes flashed.
Then, she took another gentle step and her figure suddenly disappeared. The distance between her and Luo Zheng was shortened by several feet.
"The Law of Space? No, this is the Law of Time! This Huo Yuner cultivates two Laws! Moreover, her attainments in the Law of Time are very high, far surpassing that woman called Yue Ying! "
The way Huo Yuner moved was somewhat similar to Luo Zheng's spatial travel, but that was only a visual effect.
When Huo Yuner closed the distance between them, she froze time at a point. Under this kind of movement, Luo Zheng did not have time to react because time was under her control.
Luo Zheng was very clear that he was in some trouble. A Semi-Divine tool, two Laws …
This woman's strength was not as cute as she looked on the surface. In fact, she was terrifying to the point of making people use their Laws. At the very least, Yun Longtao, who was said to be invincible in the False Tribulation Realm, was definitely not Huo Yuner's opponent.
The moment he came to this conclusion, Luo Zheng chose to retreat.
The Law of Time was even more terrifying than the Law of Space!
Luo Zheng used the Law of Space to travel through the void and appear in front of his opponent in an instant. However, he was still able to give his opponent time to react. It was just that it was very difficult to dodge.
However, the Law of Time was different. She directly compressed the power of time. Within a certain range, time was completely controlled by Huo Yuner. Luo Zheng was unable to predict her movements …
How could he fight this?
This was the terrifying part of the Law of Time. The only way to break it was to also comprehend the Law of Time.
Almost in the blink of an eye, Luo Zheng came to this conclusion.
In fact, Luo Zheng's conclusion was very correct.
Martial artists in the Upper Realm who cultivated the Law of Time were everywhere. Only the Law of Time could resist the Law of Time. Of course, the higher-level Law of Space also had a chance to resist the Law of Time. After these Law Forces were cultivated to a high level, they would undergo earth-shaking changes. There were also ways to restrain each other.
However, right now, Luo Zheng was unable to restrain himself.
The next moment, Huo Yuner's figure silently appeared beside Luo Zheng. Her jade-like hand, which was stained with raging flames, was already slapping towards Luo Zheng's head.
Because of the Law of Time, Luo Zheng had no time to react at all. However, at this moment, Huo Yuner did something that made people speechless. Her hand paused halfway and then said, "It will hurt a little to knock you out, but you won't be seriously injured!"
As soon as she said this, how could Luo Zheng not have time to react? He took a step forward, shuttled through space, and instantly pulled away from Huo Yuner. However, he did not relax at all. His face was full of seriousness.
Just now, he could safely avoid it, but Huo Yuner controlled the Law of Time. How could he avoid it?
"He ran away?" Seeing Luo Zheng disappear in front of her in an instant, Huo Yuner's face showed disappointment. She was thinking that she had kindly warned Luo Zheng, but he actually took advantage of her warning to escape. He was a little cunning …
Huo Yuner did not know that it was not others who were cunning, but herself who was too outrageous.
However, Huo Yuner did not care at all. She, who controlled the Law of Time, could easily seize this kind of opportunity. Luo Zheng had no power to fight back in front of her.
Immediately, she changed the flow of time again. At this moment, within a radius of hundreds of feet around her, time began to become sticky and slow. Luo Zheng also seemed to be performing slow motion, moving little by little.
Therefore, she gently floated over, and the flaming palm once again slapped towards Luo Zheng.
"I won't remind you this time," Huo Yuner thought at this moment.

Chapter 792
As the princess of a Divine Kingdom, Huo Yuner rarely had the chance to display her strength.
The Royal Families of the four Divine Kingdoms all had their own secret cultivation grounds, which were built using the power of the Upper Realm.
Since the beginning of the Upper Realm, Huo Yuner had almost never fought with others in public. Everyone's estimation of Huo Yuner's strength was only based on her status in the Heavenly Wind Divine Kingdom.
Therefore, no one was clear about Huo Yuner's main cultivation method or the Law she comprehended.
Everyone knew that she was strong, but they didn't expect her to be so strong that Luo Zheng couldn't even fight back in front of her!
Although she only used seventy percent of her strength in this slap, the bracelet on her wrist shook slightly. As it began to vibrate violently, an extremely huge force erupted.
"Poof!"
Everyone heard the sound of a watermelon being smashed.
Then, Luo Zheng's figure suddenly fell down and crashed into the barrier below.
It was fortunate that the enchantment was set up by a Divine Sea Realm warrior. Under the impact, the enchantment began to twist, deform, and sink deeply. However, as the eyes of the Divine Sea Realm warrior who set up the enchantment lit up, the enchantment recovered in an instant!
If it were any other warrior, it would be difficult for them to stand up after being hit by such a light blow.
However, Luo Zheng had an Immortal Tool Body. As soon as the tremendous force poured into Luo Zheng's body, it immediately turned into Primordial Astral Winds and began to permeate Luo Zheng's body.
However, ever since he was promoted to an Immortal Tool Body, Luo Zheng's body hadn't had the chance to be refined. In a battle of this level, the strength of an Immortal Tool Body was somewhat insufficient. Therefore, even though Luo Zheng's body was constantly transformed, only 70% of the force was converted. Thirty percent of the force still caused damage to Luo Zheng's body.
Luo Zheng could bear the remaining thirty percent of the force, which only caused him some minor injuries. With the current strength of his body, he could recover in a few breaths of time.
Huo Yuner's white-blue dress fluttered in the wind. She looked down at Luo Zheng with a worried expression on her face. She was worried in her heart. Although she had held back just now, she was still worried. Was that slap still a bit too heavy?
However, in the blink of an eye, her worries were dispelled, and a relieved smile even appeared on her face. That was because she saw Luo Zheng jump up from the barrier, and it seemed that his body was fine.
"This little girl is as kind as a saint." Luo Zheng sighed in his heart.
"Hmm? Have you taken a fancy to her? "Xun seized the opportunity to ask.
"Hehe." Luo Zheng didn't say anything. He immediately flew up and looked at Huo Yuner.
"Done!" Huo Yuner looked at Luo Zheng and suddenly said.
Luo Zheng was stunned. "What's done?"
This time, it was Huo Yuner who revealed a strange expression. She said foolishly, "Didn't we already have a winner?"
As soon as she said this, everyone revealed a strange expression. Then, the warriors of the Star Field Divine Nation, Great Yu Divine Nation, and Black Iron Divine Nation all laughed. Only the warriors of the Tianfeng Divine Nation didn't laugh. After all, she was the princess of their Divine Nation and the goddess in their hearts.
As for the Divine Sea Realm warriors, they also smiled. This child of the Huo Family was really …
The Tianfeng War Emperor revealed a helpless and bitter smile. He could only blame himself for this. Ever since he discovered Huo Yuner's talent, he had spoiled her too much. He had never let her go out alone to gain experience.
Of course, not going out alone didn't mean that Huo Yuner didn't work hard. In fact, Huo Yuner had spent all her energy on cultivation and almost abandoned all other activities. Therefore, her personality was still stuck in the state of a seven or eight-year-old girl. She was too kind and naive, and at the same time, she had terrifying strength and talent.
"We still haven't had a winner," Luo Zheng replied seriously.
Huo Yuner's expression was strange. After thinking for a while, she replied, "But, but you clearly lost just now …"
Luo Zheng smiled. Suddenly, a trace of slyness appeared on his face. He replied in the same tone, "But, but I haven't admitted defeat …"
Huo Yuner blinked her eyes and suddenly understood. "Oh! In other words, I have to make you admit defeat! I understand now! "
She just didn't know much about the world, but she wasn't stupid. In her opinion, Luo Zheng did lose just now. This was just a competition. They didn't have to fight to the death. Now that she understood, she only had one thought in her mind, and that was to make Luo Zheng admit defeat.
Therefore, after she finished speaking, her blue and white dress fluttered. She leaned forward slightly and floated towards Luo Zheng like a fairy flying in the sky.
At the same time, the bracelet in her hand began to tremble, and the Law of Time spread out from her wrist.
The bracelet in her hand was not an offensive treasure. Instead, it increased her strength and True Essence to a considerable extent. The moment the Law of Time spread out, Luo Zheng reflexively prepared to retreat.
Unfortunately, the Law of Time spread out too fast. What's more, the space inside the boundary was not large. There wasn't much space for Luo Zheng to escape.
During the time when he was shrouded by the Law of Time, Luo Zheng's figure suddenly became extremely slow. Although he had connected to a space node not far away through the Law of Space, before he could teleport, he was stuck by the Law of Time.
Oh … no …
Under the effect of the Law of Time, even the thoughts in Luo Zheng's mind became incomparably slow.
He saw Huo Yuner's speed suddenly magnified countless times, rapidly approaching him. However, after being shrouded by the Law of Time, Luo Zheng really didn't have much choice.
Huo Yuner approached Luo Zheng again. Her beautiful eyebrows were slightly knitted. In order to make her opponent admit defeat, she had to beat Luo Zheng into submission. This wasn't something she liked.
However, Huo Yuner also understood that she was representing the Tianfeng Divine Country. Moreover, she belonged to the imperial family of the Tianfeng Divine Country. She didn't want to lose this fight. Without a better way, she could only increase her strength again.
Ninety percent of her strength, no more …
Thinking this in her heart, she immediately patted Luo Zheng's forehead with her lily-white hand.
This pat looked incomparably gentle, as if she was gently stroking Luo Zheng's head. However, no cultivator would underestimate her strength. Fortunately, Luo Zheng's body was as tyrannical as a monster. If it were any other cultivator, their heads and necks would have been broken.
Even if Luo Zheng had an Immortal Tool Body, under this pat, he felt dizzy and saw stars.
"Pu!"
Luo Zheng's body once again heavily smashed into the barrier below.
Under Huo Yuner's Law of Time, Luo Zheng's falling speed was extremely slow. Of course, this was just the visual effect of the onlookers. After Huo Yuner removed the Law of Time, Luo Zheng's speed increased dramatically, and he heavily smashed into the barrier below.
"Do you admit defeat or not?" Huo Yuner asked with a frown.
"No!" Luo Zheng wiped a trace of blood from the corner of his mouth. "No!"
"Then let's do it again!"
As soon as her voice fell, Huo Yuner instantly appeared in front of Luo Zheng. Along with the vibration of the bracelet on her white wrist, her lily-white hand lightly brushed, and Luo Zheng's body crashed into the barrier above.
This time, Huo Yuner even used ten percent of her strength!
"Do you admit defeat?" Huo Yuner asked again. Her face revealed an extremely unbearable expression. It seemed that treating Luo Zheng like this made her extremely uncomfortable.
"Pu!" This time, Luo Zheng crashed to the left. This time, a trace of blood splashed out from the corner of Luo Zheng's mouth.
"Do you admit defeat?" Huo Yuner asked again.
"No." Luo Zheng looked at Huo Yuner indifferently and responded.
Now it was Huo Yuner's turn to be anxious. She never thought that there would be such a guy in this world. He was obviously not her opponent, but he still insisted on holding on. After thinking for a while, she suddenly opened her mouth and said, "I beg you, just admit defeat!"
Huo Yuner didn't want to kill Luo Zheng, but this guy just didn't admit defeat. For other warriors, this was a simple matter. At worst, they could just kill the opponent. In any case, it was you who didn't admit defeat no matter what.
For Huo Yuner, this was an extremely difficult problem.
＝＝＝＝＝

Chapter 793
The Tianfeng War Emperor, who had been watching the battle closely, suddenly let out a long sigh.
"This time, it can be considered as a form of training for Yun 'er," he thought to himself.
Huo Yuner didn't have any experience in training, but that didn't mean she didn't have any battle experience. Ever since Huo Yuner stepped into the Xiantian realm, the Tianfeng War Emperor had arranged for one opponent after another to challenge her.
When Huo Yuner was able to defeat an opponent of the same level, the War Emperor would arrange for an opponent stronger than her. When Huo Yuner was at the third stage of the Xiantian realm, she could already defeat a seventh stage Xiantian realm warrior.
When Huo Yuner was at the tenth stage of the Xiantian realm, she could already defeat a seventh stage Divine Reflection realm warrior.
After that, Huo Yuner could basically defeat an opponent who was one stage higher than her.
Now, Huo Yuner had entered the late stage of the False Tribulation realm, and her opponents were at the second or even third stage of the Life and Death realm.
However, sparring of that level was limited. Huo Yuner was the princess of the Divine Nation. Even if the Tianfeng War Emperor ordered those warriors to go all out, who would dare to hurt her?
After all, this kind of experience was not a life and death experience. Facing Luo Tianxing now could be considered as a big test for Huo Yuner. He hoped that his precious daughter could make the right choice and not embarrass him too much.
Hearing Huo Yuner beg him to admit defeat, Luo Zheng didn't know whether to laugh or cry. However, after laughing, he still replied, "Even if you beg me, I won't admit defeat!"
This time, Huo Yuner was truly at her wit's end. She looked left and right, trying to find some help. However, when her gaze landed on the Tianfeng War Emperor, he closed his eyes. As a father, he didn't want to give his daughter any hints at this moment.
Of course, even if the Tianfeng War Emperor didn't give any hints, the other warriors would come up with suggestions.
When the warriors of the Tianfeng Divine Nation saw the expression on the princess's face, they immediately began to shout.
"Princess, just kill him. This brat doesn't know what's good for him. Princess, you showed mercy, but he still wants to torture you!"
Kill him? Huo Yuner bit her lips and quickly gave up on this idea. Ever since she could remember, she hadn't even killed an ant.
After becoming a Xiantian lifeform, she was able to sense all things in the world. When she walked on the grass, she would maintain a light and graceful posture, for fear of damaging the grass. If there were ants, locusts, and other creatures on the road, she would also carefully avoid them!
Do you expect Huo Yun 'er to kill people? Even if he killed her, it would be difficult for her to do so.
In the end, her mental strength was still too weak. In her anxiety, her eyes turned red, and crystal clear teardrops swayed in her eyes.
Seeing this scene, the hearts of many Deity geniuses in the Heavenly Wind Divine Nation broke. These Deity geniuses were all admirers of Huo Yuner, so how could they tolerate her being made to cry? For a moment, many Divine Grade geniuses hated Luo Zheng.
"Luo Zheng, you are no match for the princess of Tianfeng Divine Nation. Don't act like a scoundrel and obediently admit defeat!"
"As a man, you actually dare to act shamelessly. This is simply too shameful!"
"Hurry up and admit defeat. If you don't, I will definitely kill you!"
For a moment, the warriors of Tianfeng Divine Nation began to clamor.
At this moment, the little monster that had been sleeping all this time suddenly turned over and roared at the Deity geniuses of Tianfeng Divine Nation, "What are you making a ruckus for! You're disturbing my sleep! That … Tianfeng Divine Nation's Huo What? Hot beauty, if you don't want to kill him, then just knock him out. What a woman, you're still so conflicted over such a trivial matter! "
The little monster's roar had already incurred the wrath of the crowd. Although the little monster was powerful, he couldn't fight with so many Deity geniuses of Tianfeng Divine Nation. Therefore, these Deity geniuses couldn't help but mock the little monster.
However, the second half of the little monster's words immediately reminded these Deity geniuses of something.
"That's right, I didn't think of that just now. Princess, just knock Luo Tianxing out!"
"Knock him out and we'll win!"
Hearing this suggestion, Huo Yuner's eyes suddenly lit up. She might not be able to kill someone, but knocking someone out was still something she could barely do.
Therefore, she smiled faintly at Luo Zheng, "Since you won't admit defeat no matter what, then I'm sorry, but I'm going to knock you out!"
Hearing Huo Yuner's sweet and charming voice drag out a long 'oh', the minds of many Divine level geniuses were immediately shaken. A woman with such an appearance and such a voice possessed a fatal attraction to any martial artist of any age.
This time, Huo Yuner gently floated and used the Law of Time again, slowing down the flow of time.
Luo Zheng still looked like he couldn't resist at all. He stood there in a daze, watching as Huo Yuner approached him at an undetectable speed.
Thinking of knocking Luo Zheng out, Huo Yuner circled behind Luo Zheng. Her jade-like hand turned into a knife and chopped towards the back of Luo Zheng's head.
However, the moment Huo Yuner got close to Luo Zheng, a sudden change occurred!
Luo Zheng's movements, which were originally as slow as a snail, suddenly sped up. Although his speed couldn't catch up with Huo Yuner's, it was enough for Luo Zheng to protect the back of his head.
Therefore, Huo Yuner's knife hand landed on Luo Zheng's arm.
"Puff!"
Luo Zheng flew forward like a rubber ball. This time, because of the protection of Luo Zheng's arm, he wasn't injured. With a smile on his face, he shook his aching arm and returned to normal.
"Huh?"
Huo Yuner's face revealed a strange expression, "You, your movements just now, how could you be so fast …"
She had completely integrated the first layer of the Law of Time and could adjust the flow of time within a hundred feet to a ratio of 100: 1.
In other words, for every breath that passed outside, one hundredth of a breath would pass under her Law of Time.
This was also the reason why Luo Zheng's speed was as slow as a snail's.
After being slowed down by 100 times, no matter how fast Luo Zheng was, how fast could he be? How could he block Huo Yuner's attack?
However, at that moment, Luo Zheng protected the back of his head with his hand, and his speed suddenly increased by 10 times!
This was equivalent to Luo Zheng forcibly increasing his speed by 10 times …
This was simply impossible!
More importantly, she felt that there were still some remnants of the Law of Time around her in the air, and these weren't released by her!
"You comprehended the Law of Time? Just now? "Huo Yuner's face was also full of astonishment.
The Battle Emperors, Battle Emperors, and many Divine Sea Realm experts were also shocked. With their eyes, how could they not see the unforeseen event just now?
Before this, Luo Zheng had been taking a beating without any strength to fight back. This didn't mean that Luo Zheng wasn't strong enough, but that the Law of Time was too strong!
After comprehending the Law of Time, the advantage of fighting with warriors of the same level was unimaginable. Luo Zheng's loss to Huo Yuner was not unjustified.
Therefore, Zhou Huang thought that even if Luo Zheng was really defeated by Huo Yuner, he would still protect Luo Zheng.
At the same time, Zhou Huang was also wondering why Luo Zheng was so stubborn. Perhaps he was afraid that if he lost, the Black Iron Divine Kingdom would abandon him and eventually fall into the hands of Battle Emperor Yu the Great. He even wanted to send a message to Luo Zheng to dispel this doubt. It was fine if he couldn't defeat Huo Yuner. After all, the Law of Time was almost invincible. It was meaningless to drag on like this.
It was fun to beat people up, but it was not fun to be beaten up. Moreover, Huo Yuner was also being tortured by Luo Zheng …
But now, Zhou Huang understood what Luo Zheng was doing. This boy had actually comprehended Huo Yuner's Law of Time during the battle!
What was even more frightening was that he seemed to have comprehended a great deal!
The Heavenly Wind Battle Emperor took a deep breath and said, "I'm sure many of you are well aware of how difficult it is to comprehend the Law of Time. I want to clarify something. Did this boy really comprehend the Law of Time during the battle?"
The Sky Fortune Kingdom King, Battle Emperor Yu the Great, Zhou Huang, as well as many Palace Masters and other Divine Sea Realm Supreme Elders, all of them fell into deep contemplation.

Chapter 794
In fact, it wasn't that these Divine Sea warriors didn't believe it, they just found it hard to accept.
The law of time in the four Divine Kingdoms was recorded on a totem. Of course, it wasn't something from the Lower Realm, it was passed down from the Upper Realm through the reverse spirit channel of the secret sect.
However, totems that recorded the Laws of Time weren't in high demand. In comparison, third and fourth level fire attribute totems, ice attribute, metal attribute, and thunder attribute totems were much more in demand!
The reason was simple, the law of time was too difficult to comprehend.
They didn't know about the situation in the Upper Realm, but there were less than a hundred warriors in the four Divine Kingdoms who could comprehend the law of time!
Just like the female warrior who followed King Yan, Yue Ying, she didn't have any great talents, but because she had comprehended 10% of the first level of the law of time, it was enough for her to become one of the top warriors in the second tier.
Huo Yuner's talent was great, but it still took her seven years to fully comprehend the first level of the law of time!
It only took her 19 years to reach the Late Void Tribulation realm, but it took her seven years just to comprehend the law of time …
Because it was hard to comprehend, and it took a long time, many warriors gave up on comprehending the law of time totems. Many warriors tried their luck in comprehending the law of time totems, but when they realized they didn't have the talent, they gave up.
The law of time was indeed powerful, but it took too much time to comprehend it. For most warriors, it was useless.
Of course, there were also those with great perseverance in the Divine Kingdom continent. There was once a Divine Reflection Realm martial artist who was a prince of the Star Field Divine Kingdom. This prince possessed god-level talent and was obsessed with comprehending the Laws of Time. After spending a total of 563 years, he finally comprehended 60% of the first level of the Time Totem!
Because he had spent too much time on the law of time, he was only an Early Divine Core warrior when he was 500 years old. In the end, he passed away because his lifespan was exhausted.
Therefore, there were only two types of people who cultivated the law of time in the Divine Kingdom. The first type was the warriors who had a strong affinity with the law of time. Even in the Divine Kingdom, where geniuses were everywhere, there were only a few of them. Among the younger generation, Huo Yuner was the only one who had such talent!
The other type was the Divine Sea warriors.
After cultivating to their level, there was nothing else they could do. They couldn't ascend to the Upper Realm, so they could only cultivate all kinds of laws, or explore the ocean …
With the long lifespan of a Divine Sea warrior, even if they didn't have a strong affinity with the law of time, they could still comprehend it bit by bit.
This was the reason why those Divine Sea warriors couldn't accept it.
Luo Zheng and Huo Yuner's battle, but in such a short period of time, Luo Zheng's speed, he could change the time flow ten times faster?
Could't he be a monster?
The Divine's's Void Tribulation warriors's a Void Tribulation realm warrior ''s was to him. He didn't even care to the's Tribulation warriors to the Void to the Void Tribulation warriors' '' ''t's a's''t't care.
't t t t't't his''s to his''t't't ''s's
"Tsk tsk, this talent is quite extraordinary. If I devour you and take your talent, I'll …" Thinking of this, the Divine's Void Tribulation suddenly stuck out his tongue and licked the tip of his nose.
Besides his eyes, the Divine's Void Tribulation also had a strange tongue. It was like a snake's tongue, forked in the middle and extremely long. The tip of his tongue could lick his nose.
In fact, the Divine's Void Tribulation had a big secret about the Divine's Void Tribulation. This secret had always been a top secret among the upper echelons of the four Divine Kingdoms!
The Divine's Void Tribulation loved to devour human brains, and after devouring them, he could take the opponent's talent as his own!
Many Divine Sea warriors knew this secret about the Divine's Void Tribulation. The stronger the Divine's Void Tribulation talent was, the more it would leak out, benefiting the warrior who sparred with it. Therefore, warriors who sparred with the Divine's Void Tribulation could easily enter a state of epiphany and make a breakthrough.
Over the years, the four Divine Kingdoms had secretly 'sacrificed' many second-tier geniuses to the Divine's Void Tribulation for the Divine's Void Tribulation to devour.
Therefore, in the Martial Houses of the four Divine Kingdoms, there would occasionally be one or two Divine rank geniuses that would 'disappear'. It was just that the Divine Kingdoms were so vast that it was hard for anyone to notice the disappearance of a Divine rank genius.
Luo Zheng had a faint smile on his face as he looked at Huo Yuner not too far away. Then, he took out his spatial ring and gently tossed it into the air. The ring flew three feet above Luo Zheng's head. Luo Zheng's fingers stretched out as the power of the Laws of Time gushed out.
Then, a strange scene appeared.
Bit by bit, the ring landed on his hand at an extremely slow speed.
Seeing this, Huo Yuner exclaimed, "Your talent is amazing! In such a short time, you can compress time by 10 times! In the past, it took me three years to comprehend the Laws of Time to your level! "
Luo Zheng had experienced the baptism of the Laws, so his compatibility with the Laws was the highest. Naturally, his comprehension speed was fast. Several months ago, Luo Zheng had fought with Yue Ying because he wanted to comprehend the power of the Laws of Time through her. Unfortunately, Yue Ying had comprehended too little of the Laws of Time, so Luo Zheng hadn't been able to do so.
Some time ago, Luo Zheng had inquired about where Yue Ying had cultivated the Laws of Time. Later, he learned that the Laws of Time totem was placed in the Heavenly Wind Divine Kingdom. Moreover, it had been kept in the Imperial Family. Luo Zheng hadn't had the chance to comprehend it.
This time, Luo Zheng saw that Huo Yuner had the complete power of the Laws of Time. How could he give up now?
Luo Zheng faintly smiled and asked, "Shall we continue?"
Huo Yuner's delicate eyebrows rose slightly. Then, she nodded and said, "But don't be so smug! You've only compressed time by ten times. I can already compress time by a hundred times. So, in terms of absolute speed, I'm still ten times faster than you! "
After she finished speaking, she gently shook the jade bracelet and the power of the Laws of Time spread out once more.
Luo Zheng naturally knew the gap between him and Huo Yuner. However, Luo Zheng didn't agree with the ten times difference in speed that she spoke of.
If the two of them didn't use the power of the Laws of Time, Luo Zheng would use his full strength. Under the eruption of Vital Essence and True Essence, using the innate talent of the Cloud Chasing Lion, Luo Zheng's speed would be two times faster than Huo Yuner's!
After offsetting the difference in the Laws of Time, Huo Yuner's absolute speed was estimated to be only five times faster than Luo Zheng's.
A five times difference should be acceptable …
"Hu hu hu …"
Huo Yuner's expression became more and more serious. Although her temperament was naive, when it came to cultivating martial arts, she had an incomparable seriousness that ordinary people couldn't compare with. After all, in the martial arts world, it was impossible to rely on talent alone. Without perseverance, persistence, enthusiasm, and seriousness, it was difficult to go far on this road no matter how talented one was.
Huo Yuner's figure floated and circled behind Luo Zheng again. Luo Zheng's speed was still very slow, but it was still much faster than before.
"Pu!"
This time, Huo Yuner slapped Luo Zheng's back heavily. Luo Zheng twisted his body and blocked Huo Yuner's blow with his elbow.
"Bang!"
With a muffled sound, Luo Zheng was sent flying again. At that time, Luo Zheng was in a defensive posture and wasn't injured.
As a result, the battle inside the barrier became extremely anxious.
Huo Yuner sent out palm after palm. Although she had a big advantage in terms of speed, Luo Zheng had combat experience that Huo Yuner couldn't compare with. He could always calculate in advance and take the initiative to defend against Huo Yuner's attacks!
What was worse was that not only could Luo Zheng resist Huo Yuner's attacks, but his comprehension of the Laws of Time was also increasing rapidly!
When Luo Zheng resisted Huo Yuner's thirteen palms, he could compress the time to about eleven times. When Huo Yuner sent out twenty palms towards Luo Zheng, Luo Zheng could compress the time to about twelve times.
Everything was difficult at the beginning. As Luo Zheng's comprehension of the first layer of the Laws of Time increased, his speed of comprehension also became faster and faster.

Chapter 795
The Divine Sea Realm expert wasn't the only one who had noticed this. The Tianfeng War Emperor, Zhou Huang, and the other monarchs had also noticed this.
Without using the Law of Time, there was a huge gap between Huo Yuner and Luo Zheng's speed.
The key was that Huo Yuner had the advantage in speed, but she couldn't do anything to Luo Zheng. Luo Zheng's body was too strong. It was simply tyrannical.
As long as he continued to resist, his understanding of the Law of Time became deeper and deeper. In the end, Huo Yuner would be the one to lose.
"Well, this is bad." Huo Yuner blinked her eyes. She also felt the change in Luo Zheng. His speed … was getting faster and faster.
Overall, there was still a four-fold difference in speed between them. However, this gap was shrinking rapidly …
Huo Yuner didn't want to lose to Luo Zheng. She really didn't want to. Therefore, after this palm strike, Huo Yuner didn't choose to attack again. Her slim and graceful figure floated in a corner of the boundary. After a while, she said to Luo Zheng, "Luo Tianxing, you should admit defeat!"
"Why?" Luo Zheng didn't know what this little girl was thinking. However, he was probably used to Huo Yuner's way of thinking.
There were all kinds of people and all kinds of personalities. Back then, Xi Youqin's personality had made Luo Zheng understand this principle.
"I'm going to use fire. I'm afraid you won't be able to resist this move. I'm afraid you'll die!" Huo Yuner said seriously.
"Fire?" Luo Zheng raised his eyebrows slightly.
Since the last time he refined his body, Luo Zheng's Primordial Chaos Dipper had been accumulating in his body. It was time for Luo Zheng to refine his body again and upgrade it to the next level.
However, all this time, Luo Zheng hadn't been able to find a suitable fire source.
What kind of fire source could upgrade Luo Zheng's body to the next level? Luo Zheng himself didn't know. However, in general, the stronger his body was, the more powerful the fire source he needed.
Luo Zheng also had a powerful fire source, which was the black flame in the mysterious furnace. However, the black flame was too overbearing, so Luo Zheng didn't dare to try it.
Huo Yuner was most likely not only proficient in the law of time, but also in the law of fire. If Luo Zheng could borrow her flames to promote his body to a sacred artefact, it would be a good thing for him.
"That's right." Huo Yuner nodded. "So you should give up. Don't force me to use that move. I can't knock you out right now, and your comprehension of the Law of Time is so fast. I'm afraid it won't be long before you completely comprehend the Law of Time. At that time, I won't be your opponent …"
She actually told Luo Zheng what she had analyzed in her heart bit by bit …
When Huo Yuner explained it like this, the False Tribulation Realm geniuses below all sighed.
These god-level geniuses were known as monstrous existences in their own territories. They were also the absolute pride of their own families!
However, compared with Luo Zheng, what was there to be proud of? This was too much of a blow to their pride. This guy comprehended the Law of Time just like that. He could no longer be described as a monstrous genius or a monster.
"I can only say that this guy is not human!" someone said angrily.
"If he's not human, then what is he?" someone asked.
"He's an animal, a beast!" It seemed that only calling Luo Zheng this way could make them feel better.
Seeing that Luo Zheng didn't answer, Huo Yuner clenched her teeth slightly and said, "Give up, I beg you! I don't want to use that move. "
This was the second time Huo Yuner had begged Luo Zheng …
Luo Zheng shook his head and said with an indifferent smile, "I'm sorry, but it's really difficult for me to beg you like this. If it were anything else, I'm afraid I would agree, but if you want me to give up, forgive me for not being able to comply!"
Huo Yuner puffed up her cheeks. Her cute little action caused many of the martial artists below to look at her with pity and anger. The one they loved was naturally Huo Yuner, but the one they were angry about was Luo Zheng treating the goddess in their hearts.
Wasn't it just admitting defeat? What was the big deal?
"There's no other way," Huo Yuner sniffed and raised her right hand high.
Her arm was slender, so the fiery red jade bracelet was very flexible on her wrist. When she raised her hand, the jade bracelet slid down her wrist, all the way to her elbow, and only after it reached the upper part of her arm did it settle down.
Then, Huo Yuner's hands suddenly clasped together.
Originally, every time Huo Yuner circulated her True Essence, the jade bracelet would vibrate rapidly. However, after her arm fixed the jade bracelet, it was not the jade bracelet that was vibrating, but her body!
Huo Yuner's figure was trembling slightly. Because the speed was too fast, she gave off a blurry feeling at first glance!
As she was shaking, the jade bracelet emitted a gorgeous fiery red color!
When the Divine Sea Realm cultivators of the Tianfeng Divine Nation saw this scene, they all looked at their Monarch, the Tianfeng War Emperor.
Seeing the Tianfeng War Emperor's indifferent expression, the Divine Sea Realm cultivators were filled with worry. One of them couldn't help but ask, "Monarch, aren't we going to stop her?"
The Tianfeng War Emperor's face flickered with a complicated expression. To be honest, he didn't want Huo Yuner to use that move. However, this time, the War Emperor had made up his mind. He had spoiled Huo Yuner too much in the past, so she had developed such an immature personality.
Even a lion knew how to push a cub down a cliff to train its offspring. How could the Tianfeng War Emperor not do it?
This time, he would let Huo Yuner decide how to face Luo Tianxing. That was what he thought. As long as Huo Yuner's life wasn't in danger, he wouldn't stop her.
"Forget it. It's all up to her," the Tianfeng War Emperor replied.
Since the Monarch had said so, the other Divine Sea Realm cultivators of the Tianfeng Divine Nation had nothing else to say.
As the flame on the jade bracelet beside Huo Yuner's arm became more and more gorgeous, a deep mark appeared between her eyebrows. Then, a surge of energy escaped from the mark!
"True Phoenix Fire, come out …"
An extremely condensed phoenix phantom suddenly appeared behind Huo Yuner!
Immediately, everyone in the square felt the intense heat wave. Although the heat wave was weakened by the barrier set up by the Divine Sea Realm cultivators, it was still hard to resist. Many False Tribulation Realm cultivators had to condense their True Essence to protect themselves from the heat wave.
"True Phoenix Bloodline, Huo Yuner has the True Phoenix Bloodline? She's a descendant of the Phoenix Clan? "someone shouted.
"The density of her True Phoenix Bloodline is ridiculously high. It's very likely that she's a descendant of the Phoenix Clan!"
Luo Zheng's eyebrows twitched when he saw the flames that were slowly condensing.
Luo Zheng had absorbed the Blood of a True Dragon, and even the Blood Essence of a True Dragon. After absorbing the Blood Essence of a True Dragon, Luo Zheng's body was greatly improved.
However, the Blood Essence and Blood Essence of a True Dragon that Luo Zheng absorbed were counted in drops. Overall, the Blood Essence of a True Dragon didn't make up much of a difference in Luo Zheng's body. More importantly, he absorbed the Blood Essence of a True Dragon after he was born, so he hadn't mastered the Divine Powers of a True Dragon.
As for Huo Yuner, she seemed to be a descendant of a Super Divine Beast. The density of her True Phoenix Bloodline was ridiculously high, and the True Phoenix Phantom was condensed to such an extent!
When Luo Zheng was in the Blue Cloud Sect, he had seen Mo Yuxin with the Blue Luan Bloodline. However, the Blue Luan itself couldn't compare to a Super Divine Beast, and it was far inferior to Super Divine Beasts like the True Dragon and True Phoenix. Furthermore, Mo Yuxin's True Phoenix Bloodline wasn't very rich, and it could even be said to be a little heterogeneous.
Huo Yuner was different. She seemed to have a complete True Phoenix Bloodline …
"Huff huff huff huff …"
Flames emerged from between her eyebrows. As the flames continued to condense, they slowly fused into a Phoenix!
The Phoenix that Huo Yuner condensed was different from Ning Yudie's. Ning Yudie's Ice Phoenix was a visualization object, but this Phoenix seemed to be a real Phoenix!
(Thank you to Tiger Soul for the 8000 coins reward. Thank you to Xiao Xiao for the 5000 coins reward. Thank you to Yi Xiong for the 1000 coins reward! ^ _ ^ I haven't rested for the New Year this year. It's the busiest New Year. After receiving everyone's red packets, I suddenly feel that it's worth it!)
＝＝＝＝＝

Chapter 796
Super Divine Beasts were the same as Ferocious Beasts.
Level 9 Ferocious Beasts were equivalent to humans in the False Tribulation Realm. Level 10 Ferocious Beasts were equivalent to humans in the Life and Death Realm.
Level 11 Ferocious Beasts were equivalent to Divine Sea Realm Cultivators. Regardless of whether they were Super Divine Beasts or Ferocious Beasts, once they reached level 11, their Beast Cores would liquefy and they would be able to create their own world.
However, Ferocious Beasts, Divine Beasts, and Super Divine Beasts were also quite different.
Super Divine Beasts like the Real Dragon and Real Phoenix were far superior to ordinary Divine Beasts and Ferocious Beasts in terms of growth speed and special abilities. They were equivalent to some super geniuses in the human race. It was easy for them to challenge someone who was one level higher than them.
"With spirit as the contract and soul as the contract, Real Phoenix 'Huo Yao', listen to my command and travel with me!" At this moment, Huo Yuner's voice became very serious.
This Real Phoenix named Huo Yao was Huo Yuner's contract beast. The more powerful one was, the more powerful the contract beast would be. Huo Yuner was only in the late stage of the False Tribulation Realm. Even in the Upper World, it was rare to have a Real Phoenix as a contract beast!
Just like the Real Dragon Race, the Real Phoenix Race was also very rare. For example, there were 49 Real Dragons in the Real Dragon Realm. Including the Real Dragons that were not fully grown, there were only a few thousand of them. The Real Phoenix Race was slightly more, but it was still difficult to exceed 10,000!
There were more than a trillion warriors in the Upper World. Taking a Real Phoenix as a contract beast! It was easier said than done.
Only the descendants of Heavenly Lords could receive such treatment!
The strength that Huo Yuner displayed was indeed astonishing to many Divine Sea Realm Cultivators. This little girl from the Huo Family had silently grown to such a level.
However, when they saw the Real Phoenix 'Huo Yao', their eyes almost popped out of their sockets. At this moment, they were beyond shocked.
"Old Huo, you really hid your strength well!" Battle Emperor Yu the Great mocked coldly.
After all, the four Divine Nations were of the same breath and branch. There were no secrets between them. For example, the secret of the little monster in the Nine Cauldron Martial House was also shared by the Battle Emperors and Battle Emperors.
However, the Tianfeng War Emperor had managed to nurture such a character without anyone noticing.
Maybe Huo Yuner's strength was not enough to threaten anyone. But what about when Huo Yuner and her Real Phoenix grew? When this real phoenix reached LV 11, which Divine Sea Realm warrior would be a match for it?
If everyone knew about this matter, it would be fine. However, no one knew that the Tianfeng War Emperor had secretly nurtured such a person. It was inevitable that the Kings of the other three Divine Kingdoms would be suspicious.
The Tianfeng War Monarch smiled calmly and said, "Liu Zan, why speak with such an expression? If I wanted to hide it, I naturally wouldn't let Yun 'er fight. "
He was right. From the beginning to the end, the Tianfeng War Emperor did not give Huo Yuner any hints. She was completely on her own. When Huo Yuner chose to reveal her contracted beast, the Tianfeng War Emperor did not stop her.
Hearing this, the monarchs' expressions relaxed. From another point of view, Huo Yuner having a True Phoenix as her contracted beast was actually a good thing for Scandinavia Continent.
There was a limit to their growth in the Divine Kingdom. No one could rebuild the ascension tunnel. All the Divine Sea Realm warriors would be trapped here until their deaths.
There was almost no limit to the growth of a true phoenix. If this true phoenix could grow up, perhaps there really was a chance to rebuild the ascension passage.
"Yo!"
The True Phoenix named Huo Yao suddenly let out a high-pitched cry. It circled around Huo Yuner and then rose up high from behind her. It spread out its wings that were dozens of feet wide. The phoenix's head was at the same level as Luo Zheng, exuding supreme dignity. The phoenix's feathers that were hundreds of feet long circled down and enveloped Huo Yuner.
On each of the feathers of the True Phoenix, there was a burning flame. Strands of Law of Fire spread out along the edge of the flame.
"The third level of Law of Fire …"
When Luo Zheng sensed the strength of the Fire Laws, he had a rough estimate in his heart. The flames that were emitted were endless. While they could bring about destruction, they also contained a kind of exuberant vitality within them.
Although this True Phoenix was only at the ninth level, it gave Luo Zheng a strong sense of pressure. It was even greater than when he faced Cui Xie. A Super Divine Beast was indeed not to be underestimated.
If Huo Yuner had summoned a True Dragon or an Ice Phoenix, the pressure on Luo Zheng would have increased exponentially. The strength of this Super Divine Beast was comparable to a powerful warrior of the fourth or even the fifth level of the Life and Death Realm. Adding Huo Yuner to the mix, even Luo Zheng wouldn't have the confidence to win.
However, Huo Yuner's main cultivation was Law of Fire and Law of Time. The contract beast she summoned through her own bloodline was also a Fire Phoenix!
Luo Zheng had the body of an Immortal Artifact, so he was completely immune to fire. He was just worried that he couldn't find a way to strengthen his body!
A stronger physical body meant that Luo Zheng could use more of the power of the dragon scales. It was no longer difficult for Luo Zheng to collect weapons and refine the Heaven's Evolution Essence. However, Luo Zheng's physical body could not withstand too much power. If he used too much of the power of the dragon scales, his physical body would disintegrate.
Huo Yuner leaned back slightly and sat on the Phoenix's feathers. Then, she pointed at Luo Zheng and said, "Fire Star, Yang Yan Impact!"
"Yo!"
The True Phoenix suddenly raised its head and opened its mouth. The Yuan Qi of Heaven and Earth began to surge and converge into its mouth.
"It's directly absorbing the Yuan Qi of Heaven and Earth?" Luo Zheng was slightly surprised.
When it had absorbed almost all the Yuan Qi of Heaven and Earth, it stared at Luo Zheng, who was not far away.
However, when the True Phoenix was about to spit out flames, Huo Yuner's figure suddenly flashed and came to the Phoenix's head. She put her hand on the side of the Phoenix's head and whispered a few words to it. Then she said to Luo Zheng, "Luo Tianxing, I've already proved it! Now you should understand that if Fire Star spits out Yang Yan Impact, you will be turned into ashes! So you'd better think carefully. It's not too late to regret! "
Luo Zheng was still wondering what Huo Yuner wanted to do. He didn't expect that she would order her contract beast to stop attacking at the last moment. Luo Zheng almost fainted on the ground.
However, her reminder was indeed out of kindness. Although this was a young Phoenix and only at Level Nine, it was still a Super Divine Beast. It was far from being comparable to ordinary Fierce Beasts.
"I think Luo Tianxing should just admit defeat. He's already in the limelight by forcing the Imperial Family to use a Super Divine Beast. I think the Black Iron Divine Kingdom will reward him greatly!"
"A person like Luo Tianxing won't admit defeat so easily. He would have done so before."
"If he doesn't admit defeat, he'll just wait for death. If he wants to court death, no one will stop him. Our Princess Yuner has already given him a chance!"
Most of them didn't like Luo Zheng.
The warriors of the Divine Kingdom's mainland were much more knowledgeable than those of the Central Domain. Moreover, they had a lot of information passed down from the Upper Domain.
Regarding Divine Beasts and Super Divine Beasts, everyone had a rough idea of their strength. For example, the strength of this ninth grade True Phoenix was estimated to be at least at the Life and Death Realm. Even a Life and Death Realm martial artist at the fourth or fifth stage would find it hard to contend with it.
Luo Zheng was a Middle Stage False Tribulation Realm warrior. Even if his talent was amazing, what could he use to fight against this True Phoenix? He would probably be burned to ashes before he could even get close.
Under the watchful eyes of the crowd, Luo Zheng spat out two words, "Thank you, and I'm sorry."
'Thank you' was naturally to thank Huo Yuner for giving him another chance. 'Sorry' was naturally to tell Huo Yuner that he still wouldn't admit defeat.
Huo Yuner's face revealed a regretful expression. When she summoned Huo Yao, she had already made a decision in her heart. Since she was a warrior, she would never be able to escape from fighting with others. Just like how humans were born to eat, this was a rule she couldn't avoid.
Since she couldn't avoid it, she could only try to accept it. Huo Yuner didn't choose to escape.
In other words, this battle with Luo Zheng made her understand her mission and responsibility. She also clearly felt her Imperial Father's expectations for her!
If it were in the past, she would rather choose to admit defeat than summon Huo Yao to kill Luo Zheng.
But this time was different. She didn't want to disappoint her Imperial Father.

Chapter 797
Ordinary flames spread their heat in all directions, making it very difficult to bind them together.
However, the Yang Flame Impact released by this True Phoenix firmly restrained the heat within, so when this Yang Flame Impact was released, it didn't emit too much residual heat. However, there was an unimaginable problem hidden in the blazing white flames.
This Sun Flame was extremely fast, and only one thought flashed through Luo Zheng's mind. His clothes might burn away …
Just as this thought flashed through his mind, his entire body was wrapped in Sun Flame.
"Huff … huff …"
However, from beginning to end, Luo Zheng wasn't worried about his own safety. He was immune to most flames. So far, apart from the mysterious furnace's black fire, Luo Zheng wasn't afraid of any other flames.
Although the Sun Flame spat out by this True Phoenix was frightening, it still couldn't do anything to him by relying on the third layer of Fire Laws.
If an adult True Phoenix came, Luo Zheng wouldn't be able to resist it.
Of course, an adult True Phoenix was a level 14 or even level 15 Super God Beast, comparable to a Realm Lord or an Empyrean. A Super God Beast of that level would be several thousand li long. Against the current Luo Zheng, a single swipe of its claws would be enough to crush him to pieces.
Luo Zheng's body was immersed in the flames and started to rapidly heat up. His entire body was red, just like a piece of red-hot iron.
"It should appear soon." Luo Zheng was also somewhat expectant. His body entering the Saint Tool grade was a considerable upgrade for him. After all, Astral Essence combined with the power of several thousand dragon scales would instantly erupt. When Luo Zheng reached late False Tribulation realm, he might be able to sweep through Life and Death powerhouses!
However, after this Sun Flame attack lasted for a dozen breaths, Luo Zheng's brows furrowed.
"Eh? Why hasn't it appeared … "
Just his body being roasted by the flames wasn't enough for Luo Zheng's body to upgrade. The most important thing was those golden runes. After those runes appeared, Luo Zheng's body could completely absorb the flames and integrate them into his body.
"The flame isn't strong enough." Luo Zheng quickly came to this conclusion.
He did not expect that the flames condensed from the third level of the Law of Fire would not be able to upgrade his body. This was a little troublesome.
That Phoenix should have comprehended more than three levels of the Laws of Fire …
The moment this Phoenix descended, Luo Zheng felt a mysterious Fire Attribute Principle. This Fire Attribute Principle was much more complex than the Fire Attribute Principle contained in this Yang Yan. It should be a higher level Fire Attribute Principle.
Thinking of this, Luo Zheng unexpectedly went against the flow of Yang Yan's attack and approached Huo Yuner.
This Yang Yan Impact spewed out in a straight line and hit the edge of the boundary, bursting into endless sparks.
Under the continuous impact of the Yang Yan, the barrier condensed by the Divine Sea Realm master became somewhat unstable, and one side of the barrier began to sway like ripples in water.
If the barrier he condensed was destroyed by a False Tribulation Realm cultivator, that would be a real disgrace. Therefore, the Divine Sea Realm master waved his hand and a blue light merged into the barrier, stabilizing it even more.
"That's why I said that sometimes people can't be too rigid. Isn't it just admitting defeat? Why be stubborn for the sake of face? Now that he has been burned to ashes, he didn't cherish himself. Losing his life is a small matter, but the most important thing is that he made our Princess feel uncomfortable. This is the biggest sin! "
"That's right, this Luo Tianxing is like a dead rat. Stepping on a dead rat is more disgusting than stepping on it! Princess Yuner didn't want to kill, but he forced her to do it. What a bitch! "
"This kind of person, it's best to kill him a thousand times to vent our hatred!"
The Heavenly Wind Divine Country cultivators saw Huo Yuner leaning on the Phoenix's shoulder with a sad expression on her face. They all hated Luo Zheng to the bone.
In their opinion, Luo Zheng had no chance of survival under the impact of the Blazing Sun, but he had made Huo Yuner feel so uncomfortable. This was the biggest sin.
Huo Yuner's heart was indeed very uncomfortable. Her hand tightly grasped the feathers of the True Phoenix Flame, and her mood fell to the bottom of the valley. She knew that the world of cultivators was so cruel, but couldn't everyone just decide the winner and loser? Why did they have to fight with their lives at every turn? Was it worth it?
In her eyes, Luo Zheng was also a martial artist with a bright future. Dying like this really made her feel very uncomfortable, and even very painful!
But she also understood that her approach was correct. She couldn't retreat. She couldn't let down her father's ardent hope.
But just as she was entangled in distress and self-blame, a head suddenly emerged from the top of the Blazing Sun.
When Huo Yuner saw the head, she was stunned. Then she heard Luo Zheng say, "Stupid bird! Put more effort! "
"Huh? Luo Tianxing, you're fine! " Seeing her opponent come out unscathed, Huo Yuner should have been very depressed, but instead, she had a surprised and happy expression.
This scene between the two of them once again stunned everyone.
It had to be said that these two were the weirdest of weirdos.
This Luo Zheng was actually able to withstand the Blazing Sun's impact, and it looked like nothing had happened to him. Everyone was shocked, but they couldn't figure out why he jumped out and angered the Phoenix. Was a Super Divine Beast so easy to provoke? Did this guy have a masochistic tendency?
And when Huo Yuner saw that Luo Zheng was fine, she was pleasantly surprised …
"Are they … fighting?"
"You ask me, but who should I ask?"
Many cultivators in the square suddenly felt that their worldview had been turned upside down. The scene in front of them made them somewhat unable to understand.
The intelligence of a Super Divine Beast was very high, so how could this True Phoenix named Huo Yao not understand Luo Zheng's provocation?
Huo Yao was Huo Yuner's Contract Beast, but it did not submit to Huo Yuner. The relationship between the two was similar to a friendship, not a slave, so most of the time it would listen to Huo Yuner's orders, but if it became angry, even Huo Yuner would find it difficult to control it.
As soon as Luo Zheng's voice fell, Huo Yao's eyes revealed a raging anger. As a Super Divine Beast, how could it allow a little human to trample on its dignity?
So it suddenly stopped spitting out Blazing Sun. The moment the Blazing Sun's impact ended, Luo Zheng's body was exposed. The temperature of the Blazing Sun's impact had already burned Luo Zheng's clothes to ashes.
"Ah!" Huo Yuner suddenly screamed and turned her head to the side.
Just now, Luo Zheng had gone against the flow of Blazing Sun's impact, and the distance between him and Huo Yuner had shortened a lot. Now that a naked man was facing her, how could she dare to look?
There were some female cultivators present, and some of them turned their heads to the side, but there were also some masculine women who stared at Luo Zheng without the slightest hesitation, even admiring him with relish.
Not to mention Huo Yuner being shy, even Luo Zheng himself was a little embarrassed, but for the sake of this Phoenix's stronger flames, he was willing to risk everything.
"Yo yo!"
Even Luo Zheng did not expect that his provocation would be so effective. This Phoenix could not wait to prepare for the next wave of attack.
All the feathers on its body stood up in an instant, declaring its anger to all living creatures. Even Huo Yuner herself was unable to withstand the heat transmitted from its body, but she had no choice but to temporarily leave this angry phoenix.
"You, why are you still provoking it! Huo Yao is really angry! "Huo Yuner turned her face to the side and complained to Luo Zheng.
Luo Zheng did not answer Huo Yuner's question. The battle between him and Huo Yuner was actually a secondary event. Now, he was fully focused on feeling the power of the flames emitted by this Phoenix. He wondered if this wave of attacks would allow him to break through.
After a while, Luo Zheng saw a ring of fire appear around the Phoenix. At this moment, Luo Zheng felt a special Flame Principle power from this ring of fire.
"It's this power!" Luo Zheng's eyes flashed slightly. The moment the Phoenix descended, it contained this special Flame Principle power, but it did not exist in the Blazing Sun's impact.

Chapter 798
The Tianfeng War Emperor was also a cultivator who specialized in fire-type cultivation methods. His comprehension of the fire-type law was much deeper than Huo Yuner's.
Huo Yuner had already comprehended the third level of the fire-type law. Furthermore, she was wearing a jade bracelet that was a semi-divine tool. However, this didn't mean that she could withstand all the power of fire. For example, the phoenix's attack!
The Tianfeng War Emperor was only testing Huo Yuner. He absolutely didn't want to see Huo Yuner suffer any harm. That was why he pulled her out of the barrier.
At this moment, even Zhou Huang wanted to pull Luo Zheng out of the barrier. Since he chose to protect Luo Zheng, he also didn't want Luo Zheng to lose his life here. The problem was, what did Luo Zheng's words mean?
Previously, under the phoenix's attack, Luo Zheng wasn't injured at all. Moreover, his face revealed an unsatisfied expression. What was the purpose of angering the phoenix? Could it be that he really wanted the phoenix to use its full strength?
With this thought in mind, Zhou Huang didn't want to make a move.
Just as the Tianfeng War Emperor pulled Huo Yuner out of the barrier, the phoenix's body suddenly curled up and began to shrink. The ring of fire around it also began to shrink rapidly.
Huo Yuner stared blankly at her contracted beast outside the barrier and said, "Luo Zheng angered it. It actually wanted to release the Nirvana Flames to burn Luo Zheng …"
The phoenix was the symbol of immortality!
The overall strength of this species was slightly weaker than the true dragon clan. However, their vitality was much stronger than the true dragon clan. Even the nine-headed snake divine beast clan with super healing abilities couldn't be compared to the true phoenix clan.
This was because they could continuously be reborn. As long as there were flames, they could be reborn!
Why did Luo Zheng feel a power that surpassed the third level of the fire-type law when Huo Yuner summoned Huo Yao? It was because this phoenix was directly "reborn" from the flames. In other words, before Huo Yao was summoned, it had already "died" once.
From this, it could be seen that the word "death" was a powerless threat in front of the true phoenix clan. This was because they could choose to die at any time, or they could choose to be reborn in any flame!
During Nirvana, the Fire Phoenix was able to release the Nirvana Flame, which was the fourth level of the Law of Fire, also known as the Flame of Rebirth!
There were ten levels to the Laws of Fire. The first level of the Laws of Fire was called 'Blazing Fire', the second level of the Laws of Fire was called 'Burning Ash', the third level of the Laws of Fire was called 'Destruction', and the fourth level of the Laws of Fire was called 'Rebirth'.
After incinerating all things, it could bring forth new life. That was how it was named!
As the phoenix became smaller and smaller, it finally curled up and turned into a round egg!
The phoenix egg flickered with an orange-red luster. It looked very smooth, like a huge gem. However, at this time, no one dared to approach it because endless fire laws began to emerge from the phoenix egg. These laws were basically all fire laws of the fourth layer.
When these laws left the phoenix egg, they transformed into a golden flame storm that began to engulf everything around it!
The Divine Sea Realm powerhouse who created the barrier had a solemn expression. The difference in power between each level of the Laws was huge. Even this Divine Sea Realm powerhouse found the fourth level of the Laws of Fire tricky. However, if this False Tribulation Realm, no, it should be said that this ninth level phoenix could break his barrier, he would lose face. Therefore, he was trying his best to stabilize this barrier.
"Hualala …"
Under the sweeping of this flame storm, the cuboid formed by the barrier had become a fiery hell. At this moment, there was nothing but flames.
Many Divine Sea Realm geniuses in the square were already worried. Although this barrier was created by a Divine Sea Realm powerhouse, what if it was broken? If the flame storm swept out, it would affect many people …
Although they were afraid, seeing that no one retreated, they held back. After all, they were a group of Divine Sea Realm geniuses. They couldn't lose face for their own Martial House and the Divine Nation.
Under the sweeping of this flame storm, Luo Zheng's entire body was red. After a while, a golden rune suddenly appeared on his body!
"It's done!" Luo Zheng was overjoyed.
Then, more and more golden runes began to appear on his hands, feet, face, and shoulders …
Then, those golden runes kept spinning and absorbing the flames. After a while, Luo Zheng looked like a golden bronze man.
Wrapped in these golden runes, Luo Zheng was not only unharmed by the flame storm, but also felt very comfortable, except that his body was a little hot.
Therefore, Luo Zheng walked through the flame storm and slowly approached the phoenix egg.
The phoenix egg was still floating in the center of the barrier. On the surface of the egg, the Law of Fire was constantly flashing, urging an even stronger flame storm to sweep over.
Luo Zheng was not afraid at all. Instead, he flew towards the flame storm and reached out his hand towards the phoenix egg. His fingers gently stroked the surface of the egg.
"It's a little hot, and I can feel that there are living creatures jumping inside. This is the case for the phoenix egg. I wonder if it's the same for the dragon egg …" Luo Zheng did not forget that he had entered the Heavenly Feather Sacred Sea. If there was a chance, he would help Qinglong take away the Ancestral Dragon egg.
"Crackle, crackle …"
Under Luo Zheng's touch, the surface of the phoenix egg began to crack rapidly. Suddenly, a small miniature phoenix shot out from the egg. This miniature phoenix circled around and began to grow rapidly.
As the two phoenix cries rang out, the flaming storm finally slowed down …
The phoenix looked at Luo Zheng with a complicated expression. Its flames were completely ineffective against this person!
This ninth grade phoenix was not very old. Otherwise, it would not have been able to form a contract with Huo Yuner and become her contract beast. It could only use the third layer of the Law of Fire. As for the fourth layer of the Law of Fire, it could only be released in its Nirvana state!
Therefore, Nirvana was its most powerful move. Originally, it wanted to use the Nirvana Flame to burn this rude human to ashes. However, it now understood that this guy did not seem to be afraid of flames. What was going on?
This phoenix, which was still in its infancy, could not figure out what was going on.
At this moment, Luo Zheng smiled at the phoenix and said, "Thank you!"
Why are you thanking me? Didn't you just scold me? The real phoenix was somewhat puzzled. However, beasts were more realistic than humans. Even if it was a super divine beast, once it determined that it was not a match for Luo Zheng, it would maintain an attitude of reverence towards Luo Zheng. This was its life instinct after countless years of evolution.
Therefore, the phoenix let out a long cry and flew out of the boundary.
"Remove the boundary and let Huo Yao out," Huo Yuner suddenly said.
Hearing Huo Yuner's words, the Divine Sea Realm powerhouse immediately opened the boundary. After Huo Yao came out of the boundary, he stuck close to Huo Yuner.
After Huo Yuner comforted the phoenix for a while, the real phoenix seemed to be in a better mood. Then, Huo Yuner slowly approached the boundary and said to Luo Zheng, "I lost this battle. You are stronger than me."
Just now, when the Tianfeng War Emperor took Huo Yuner out of the boundary, she had already lost.
Now that she admitted defeat, Huo Yuner was sincerely convinced. She really could not do anything to Luo Zheng.
For some reason, Huo Yuner's heart suddenly calmed down when she did not have to compete with Luo Zheng. She was quite satisfied with this result.
Luo Zheng nodded and smiled, "You are not bad yourself."
"Yes, I know." Huo Yuner was not modest and admitted it generously. She also felt that she was very strong …
However, after looking at the square, she lowered her voice and said to Luo Zheng, "But I still have to remind you. That little monster is really strong. You must be careful. Otherwise, he will kill you!"
In fact, Huo Yuner also realized that Luo Zheng was able to win because of Luo Zheng's special talent. He did not seem to be afraid of flames at all. However, the little monster was not so easy to deal with.
＝＝＝＝＝

Chapter 799
After Luo Zheng's victory, none of the Divine Rank geniuses from the four Divine Kingdoms spoke a word. Most of them were listless.
Previously, when Luo Zheng had defeated Yun Longtao, they might have had the urge to catch up. But now, as long as they had some self-awareness, they knew that even if they tried their best to catch up with him for the rest of their lives, they might not be able to catch up.
Under such terrifying flames, he had actually survived. The only thing he had lost was his clothes. Many people suspected that Luo Zheng wasn't human at all. Or rather, they didn't know what his body was made of. It didn't make sense for him to come out unscathed!
Luo Zheng naturally wouldn't care about their logic. When the golden runes disappeared, Luo Zheng's body had already become a Divine Artifact. More importantly, he had accumulated a considerable amount of Primordial Astral Nova in his body. He could use it to temper his body again.
Although tempering his body was painful, using the Primordial Astral Nova to temper his body was greatly beneficial to Luo Zheng's body. Naturally, he had to endure it.
He stretched his body and felt that his body had entered a new level. A trace of joy appeared on his face. Finally, his gaze fell on Yan Wang, Zhou Huang, and the others on the high platform.
Yan Wang smiled and gave Luo Zheng a thumbs up. Luo Zheng nodded slightly. Then, he looked around and asked in a clear voice, "Who else wants to challenge me?"
The Heavenly Wind Divine Nation had lost. Next, it was the Star Field Divine Nation and the Great Yu Divine Nation who had the right to challenge.
It had to be said that the ones most aggrieved right now were the martial artists of the Wild Star Divine Kingdom. From start to finish, the martial artists of the Wild Star Divine Kingdom had never won. Although the Heavenly Wind Divine Kingdom had lost, the Heavenly Wind Divine Emperor had only sent a single martial artist, and that was Huo Yuner!
Although Huo Yuner had lost, the strength she had displayed had proven everything. Among the younger generation of cultivators in the Divine Kingdom Continent, there weren't many who dared to say that they were her match!
Luo Zheng had first defeated Yun Longtao, then Huo Yuner. Many of the first-tier cultivators in the Martial House didn't dare to challenge him. With their strength, they would be defeated by Luo Zheng in an instant. Other than losing face, there was nothing left.
However, the princes of the four Divine Kingdoms had a chance to fight with Luo Zheng. It was just unknown if they would take that step.
Just as the Royal Family of the Star Field Divine Nation was thinking about it, someone stood out. This person was the Little Monster from the Nine Cauldron Martial House.
In fact, there were many top warriors in the Great Yu Divine Kingdom, including the Nine Cauldrons Martial House. Some of them were even as strong as Yun Longtao. However, only the little monster dared to stand out.
His hunched back suddenly leaped into the air. He somersaulted in the air and instantly disappeared into the barrier. His eyes were filled with intense interest as he looked at Luo Zheng.
"Finally, it's the little monster's turn to appear. I wonder if that brutal guy will be taught a lesson this time!"
"Teach the little monster a lesson? I also want to see this scene. But have you ever seen the Little Monster lose? "
"No, never …"
Even the cultivators in the Nine Cauldron Martial House didn't like the Little Monster. If it wasn't for the Heavenly Feather Sacred Ocean, the Nine Cauldron Martial House wouldn't be willing to bring the Little Monster here.
In fact, the Great Yu Divine Nation didn't intend to send the Little Monster. In the past, when the Heavenly Feather Sacred Ocean opened, the Little Monster was sleeping on the ground. The battles between cultivators had nothing to do with him.
This time, in order to deal with Luo Zheng, Bai Yuerong had personally invited the little monster out.
Therefore, at this moment, Bai Yuerong had a complicated look on her face. She didn't know if her approach was right or wrong.
After seeing the Little Monster, Luo Zheng frowned. He hated this kind of look. After Huo Yuner's reminder, he became more vigilant.
Huo Yuner's strength was already very amazing, but she was so afraid of the Little Monster. This guy's strength couldn't be underestimated.
However, Luo Zheng also knew that the main reason Huo Yuner was afraid of the Little Monster was because of the Little Monster's personality. The other reason was because of his strength.
"Hehe." The Little Monster smacked his lips. He stared at Luo Zheng and said, "How about I challenge you?"
Luo Zheng replied indifferently, "Since you're already standing here, you're naturally challenging me. Why do you need to ask again?"
The Little Monster shrunk his long neck and continued to laugh, "If I lose, can I kill you?"
This guy really talked a lot of nonsense. Luo Zheng could only reply coldly, "According to the rules, it's not allowed."
"That's a pity. I don't know how to fight with others. I only know how to kill. I don't have a good sense of propriety. What should I do?" The Little Monster's black eyes stared at Luo Zheng with a sinister smile.
Luo Zheng smiled slightly, "There's no 100% guarantee in a battle between cultivators. I think we'd better start!" He was too lazy to talk nonsense with the Little Monster.
"Okay!" As soon as Luo Zheng's voice fell, the Little Monster suddenly opened his mouth and let out a sharp smile. The teeth in his mouth didn't look like human teeth. They were extremely sharp, like the teeth of some wild beast.
He suddenly stepped on the barrier below. Like a dexterous monkey, he rushed along the barrier toward Luo Zheng.
Luo Zheng didn't like this guy. He even felt a sense of disgust. This kind of disgust was somewhat similar to the disgust of the same sex. Or it could be said that Luo Zheng rejected this guy from the bottom of his heart!
Even Luo Zheng himself couldn't explain why he felt this way.
"Whoosh …"
The Little Monster kept crawling. Suddenly, he jumped up high. With a strange smile on his face, he suddenly grabbed at Luo Zheng!
Luo Zheng's figure flashed slightly. In the blink of an eye, he crossed the space and avoided the Little Monster's grab. He felt very strange. Was this Little Monster going to fight with him?
After the Little Monster entered the arena, he didn't take out his weapon. Secondly, he didn't use his True Essence. He just attacked Luo Zheng with his physical body. Therefore, he even gave up flying. He just ran by stepping on the barrier condensed by the Divine Sea Realm.
Luo Zheng, who had just entered the body of a Divine Tool, was quite confident in his physical body. If the Little Monster wanted to fight with him, Luo Zheng would accompany him to the end. However, he couldn't figure out what the Little Monster was up to at the moment, so he avoided it at once.
After the Little Monster missed its attack, he fell on the barrier again. Then he clicked his tongue and said, "Your strength and talent are not bad. But you're too timid!"
Hearing the Little Monster's provocation, Luo Zheng became more vigilant. What did this guy mean? Did he really want to fight with him with his physical body?
"Don't think too much!" The Little Monster grinned and said, "To deal with you, I don't even need to use my True Essence! I just need to rely on my physical body! "
After the Little Monster finished speaking, many warriors were in an uproar. They all knew that the Little Monster was very powerful. Strictly speaking, although he was a warrior of the False Tribulation Realm, he was not at the same level as these God-level geniuses.
However, everyone had seen the strength Luo Zheng had just shown clearly. Luo Zheng was also very powerful. Even the Real Phoenix couldn't do anything to him!
Wasn't the Little Monster a bit too arrogant to say such words?
Hearing the Little Monster's words, Luo Zheng suddenly showed a weird smile on his face. "You don't seem to be a Body Refining Warrior. You don't have Vital Spirit?"
"No! I don't need Vital Spirit to deal with you! "the Little Monster said again.
"Good." After saying that, Luo Zheng suddenly rose up and directly rose to the top of the barrier.
When warriors of the False Tribulation Realm fought, there was always not enough space. Therefore, the barrier set up by that Divine Sea Realm warrior was not small. Luo Zheng flew up and directly reached the top of the barrier. Looking down at the Little Monster, he asked faintly, "If so, how are you going to fight with me?"
"You!" The Little Monster's face suddenly froze.
Even without using True Essence, the Little Monster's physical strength was very powerful. The problem was that Luo Zheng was far away from him. How was he going to fight with him?
If it were another warrior who wanted to compete with him in physical strength, Luo Zheng would have agreed. Whether it was Vital Spirit, True Essence, or physical strength, Luo Zheng was not afraid of any of them. However, he just couldn't stand this Little Monster being so arrogant in front of everyone.
There were plenty of people who didn't like the little monster. Even though there were plenty of god-level geniuses who had gained enlightenment through sparring with the little monster, breaking through their own bottlenecks and obtaining great benefits, the little monster was not likable in the first place. How many people in this world would like a fellow with a repulsive face, a violent and eccentric temperament?

Chapter 800
This little monster had just said that he wouldn't use Zhen Yuan. Without Zhen Yuan, he couldn't even fly. Luo Zheng had been maintaining that height, so how could he fight with Luo Zheng?
However, the little monster had already boasted, so he didn't use Zhen Yuan, and stepped towards the edge of the barrier.
"Sprint!"
The little monster's hands and feet were long. Although he looked extremely uncoordinated, once he started moving, every part of his body seemed to play a role, and there wasn't the slightest extra movement on his body.
Once he stepped forward, he was like a gecko climbing a wall, quickly advancing along the side of the barrier. When the little monster climbed halfway, he suddenly kicked the barrier wall in front of him, and his whole body directly flipped over, and the direction he fell was exactly where Luo Zheng was.
Seeing that the little monster really didn't use Zhen Yuan, and was actually rushing towards him, Luo Zheng's face revealed a sneer.
Martial artists could use Zhen Yuan to fly, and they could change their position up, down, left, and right. They were very flexible, but the little monster only used the momentum of his sprint to jump towards him.
Luo Zheng's figure flashed, and directly floated behind the little monster.
"Naive!"
After he sneered, he punched the back of the little monster.
Luo Zheng opened the power of 300 dragon scales for this punch. Under the explosion of this power, the little monster was like a rubber ball, and instantly smashed into the bottom of the barrier.
"Huh?" Although Luo Zheng's attack was successful, he found some strange things. The little monster seemed to have no bones, and it gave Luo Zheng a soft feeling. Even after opening the power of 300 dragon scales, the little monster didn't seem to be injured.
The little monster was lying on the bottom of the barrier, and then slowly climbed up. Its dark pupils were like a wild beast in the forest, staring at Luo Zheng, but there was a ferocious smile on its face.
"Don't you plan to use Zhen Yuan?" Luo Zheng asked indifferently, with his hands behind his back.
"No need!" The little monster sneered, "You are not qualified for me to go all out!"
Hearing the little monster's provocation, Luo Zheng's face was still indifferent. Then he said, "If you want to be beaten, then continue!"
That little monster was truly stubborn, but relying on his physical strength alone, he simply wasn't able to resist Luo Zheng. He knew that Luo Zheng was proficient in the Space Laws, so if he didn't rely on his True Essence to fly, he could only use his pure strength to erupt. He simply couldn't even touch Luo Zheng's sleeves.
"Sou!"
The little monster's figure flashed and jumped up again. This time, it didn't climb to the edge of the barrier. Instead, it jumped up high and pounced on Luo Zheng.
It had to be said that this little monster's physical body was also abnormally powerful. Not to mention the late stage of False Tribulation Realm, even Life and Death Realm experts couldn't possess such a powerful physical body.
However, no matter how strong his jumping ability was or how fast his speed was, he still couldn't catch Luo Zheng.
The moment the little monster arrived in front of him, Luo Zheng took a step forward, shuttled through space, and arrived behind the little monster again. Then, he punched again.
With this punch, Luo Zheng activated the power of five hundred dragon scales. In addition to Luo Zheng's own strength, the power of this punch was extremely terrifying.
The little monster jumped up high. Since it had no place to borrow strength in the air, it simply couldn't dodge Luo Zheng's punch.
"Bang!"
The solid punch once again hammered the little monster's back. Thus, the little monster was once again smashed down by Luo Zheng.
He still couldn't injure the little monster. Luo Zheng clenched his fists, and his eyes flickered. This guy's ability to resist attacks was probably not far from his own body's.
However, Luo Zheng and the little monster were fundamentally different. Luo Zheng had transformed his body into a magical treasure body. His body was incomparably sturdy. After being refined by Nirvana Flame, Luo Zheng now possessed a sacred tool body. How could it be so easy to injure him?
The little monster's body was at the other extreme. Its body seemed soft and boneless, and couldn't bear any force at all. Thus, it was very difficult for Luo Zheng to injure it.
"Continue?" Luo Zheng asked indifferently.
The little monster spat, and a trace of a sinister smile appeared on its face. It didn't speak, and with a spring of its legs, it pounced toward Luo Zheng.
This time, Luo Zheng appeared behind the little monster once again. Since the power of five hundred dragon scales wasn't enough, he planned to directly activate the power of eight hundred dragon scales.
However, just as Luo Zheng was about to punch, the little monster's hand suddenly twisted.
Luo Zheng was originally behind the little monster, but with a twist of its arm, it unexpectedly grabbed Luo Zheng from behind!
It was almost impossible for a human to complete this action. This action was similar to twisting one's neck in a full circle. An ordinary person's arm would probably be directly twisted off.
However, the little monster's body was very flexible. With a twist of its arm, it wrapped around Luo Zheng's arm!
The little monster's arm was like a soft hemp rope, and it actually coiled around Luo Zheng's arm.
"Hehe, I already said that to deal with you, I don't need to use true energy." After the little monster finished speaking, a huge force was transmitted from the little monster's body, and it abruptly threw Luo Zheng down!
"Bang!"
Caught off guard, Luo Zheng was smashed to the bottom of the barrier by the little monster. However, the little monster's attack wasn't over. Its arm was still tightly wrapped around Luo Zheng's body. Moreover, the little monster borrowed Luo Zheng's strength to stay in the air, and its arm actually stretched out to a length of seven to eight feet!
"This guy's body is really a monster!"
Lying at the bottom of the barrier, Luo Zheng secretly thought to himself as he looked at the little monster above him.
Then, the little monster's extended arm suddenly began to shrink. With the help of this shrinking force, the little monster rapidly closed the distance between him and Luo Zheng. Its other fist was like a meteor, fiercely smashing toward Luo Zheng's head!
Its body was so soft, but the power it erupted with was extremely astonishing. This guy hadn't even used true energy …
At this critical moment, Luo Zheng stopped thinking. His head tilted, and the little monster's fist hit empty air. The entire barrier also began to shake under the little monster's enormous strength.
"These two guys are both monsters." Bai Yuerong's expression was complicated as she stared at the battle inside the barrier.
At first, when Bai Yuerong found the little monster, she felt that Luo Zheng was doomed to be doomed.
In the four Divine Kingdoms, where there were many God-ranked geniuses, the little monster could become a monster in the eyes of others not because of its special talent, but because of its incomparably strange strength.
It seemed like this guy was an anomaly amongst all humans.
When the little monster was first discovered, the Nine Cauldron Martial Palace stopped him from participating in a trial in the forest.
The trial took place in the Seven Waters Forest located to the north of the Great Yu Divine Kingdom. The forest wasn't very dangerous, and the strongest demon beast was only a Third to Fourth Grade demon beast. Therefore, the Nine Cauldron Martial Palace would usually organize several tens of thousands of Xiantian warriors to participate in the trial.
But, during the trial, they encountered the little monster.
The little monster didn't have a name, and no one knew where it came from. When the little monster was first discovered, it didn't even know how to speak the human language, and its entire body was filled with the characteristics of a demon beast. It loved to eat raw meat, especially the head.
After the few hundred men from the Nine Cauldron Martial Palace entered the Seven Waters Forest, they were all killed by the little monster alone. Everyone died in different ways, but the only similarity was that their heads were smashed open, and their brains were sucked clean!
This incident shocked the upper echelons of the Nine Cauldron Martial Palace, and they sent over a thousand Divine Core warriors into the Seven Water Forest to investigate the cause. In the end, they found this little monster, and it took them more than ten days to finally capture it.
At that time, the little monster was only seven years old, and he was only at the Marrow Refining realm. No one taught him any martial skills, and all his cultivation was based on his own comprehension.
After capturing the little monster, the Nine Cauldron Martial Palace didn't kill him. Although the little monster was dangerous, he was only a threat to ordinary Xiantian warriors. The reason why the higher ups of the Nine Cauldron Martial Palace spared the little monster's life was because they wanted to unravel the little monster's secrets.
But, what they didn't expect was that the little monster's secrets kept increasing. The little monster's bones seemed to be extremely soft, and also extremely tough!