Apotheosis – Ascension to Godhood
Vol.10

Chapter 901
When they heard about the Black Star Pickaxe, the people from the Demi-Immortal Tribe finally understood.
Although the Black Star Pickaxe was not on the Weapon List in the Upper Realm, that was because it was just a pickaxe and was not suitable to be used as a weapon.
However, as a Supreme Artifact, the Black Star Pickaxe was very useful at certain times, so it was definitely famous.
The middle-aged man who looked like a scholar nodded. "No wonder. I was wondering why someone from the Lower Realm could break my enchantment!"
This Qing Feng had also obtained a title in the "Illusory Tower". Although it was a bronze title, the title was "Asura"! He was one of the best among all the bronze titled battle pet warriors! It was enough to make him very proud!
As far as he knew, it was impossible for the ants from the Lower Realm to break his enchantment. In his enchantment, there was a Karma Law of "relative defense". Among the natives from the Lower Realm, who knew how to use the Karma Law?
In fact, although Qing Feng's idea was not wrong, he had underestimated the warriors from the Lower Realm. For example, Cui Xie in the Central Domain used the Nameless Buddhist Commandment Blade to use the Karma Law. However, Cui Xie did not master the Karma Law. He only attracted the Wind of Life and Death from the Underworld River.
Luo Zheng's situation was roughly the same as Cui Xie's. He did not understand his own Karma Law. He only relied on the Karma Law of the Black Star Pickaxe to break Qing Feng's enchantment.
"Don't talk nonsense. Let's take the Ancestral Dragon first. Although it has hatched, the imprint can't be reversed. Let's go back to the tribe and think of other ways," the burly man said. He also felt a little strange that Gu Peier and Yu Ze did not take the Ancestral Dragon, but brought it over.
Boss Mo was the core of their group, and his brain was still better than the burly man. Seeing Gu Pei 'er's expression, Boss Mo asked: "Pei' er, did you discover something?"
Gu Peier nodded and said, "Yes! I found something important! "After thinking for a while, Gu Peier smiled and said," Very important! "
Hearing Gu Peier's serious emphasis, the other six people suddenly became curious and focused their eyes on Gu Peier.
"What important thing?" Boss Mo continued to ask.
Yu Ze chuckled, and spoke in front of Gu Pei 'er: "Little Senior Sister has discovered the whereabouts of the Twinklegem Pagoda! The Exquisite Pagoda should be in the Great Thousand World! "
"What? Exquisite Pagoda! "
"One of the three Training Towers, the Exquisite Tower? Hasn't it been lost for many years? "
"Pei 'er, are you serious?"
The others asked Gu Pei Er for confirmation.
Boss Mo paused for a moment before asking, "Pei 'er, is the Exquisite Pagoda really in the Great Wide World?"
Gu Pei 'er nodded, "Yes, it is almost certain that the Exquisite Pagoda was lost in this lower realm."
"Heavens, Boss Mo, our luck this time is indeed very good! It was just that this Evil Dragon was difficult to deal with! But this Exquisite Pagoda's value is immeasurable! "The burly man said with a laugh.
Qing Feng also nodded, "The Illusory Pagoda and the Exquisite Jade Pagoda are currently overcrowded. Two Training Towers are far from enough. If we can find the Exquisite Pagoda, it will definitely be a great achievement. Pei 'er, how do you know the whereabouts of the Exquisite Pagoda?"
Gu Pei 'er pointed at Luo Zheng and said, "I got this information from this person."
"Kacha!"
The burly man waved the giant scythe in his hand, and it was embedded in the ground. He walked towards Luo Zheng and said coldly: "You, tell me the whereabouts of the Exquisite Pagoda!"
Luo Zheng stared at the burly man indifferently and did not answer his question.
Seeing that the "woman" in front of him was ignoring him, the burly man took two steps and walked towards Luo Zheng. "Kid, I will ask you another question. If you know what's good for you …"
The burly man's threat was only halfway through, but Gu Pei 'er continued: "The important thing I said is not the whereabouts of the Exquisite Pagoda!"
The Exquisite Pagoda was extremely precious to the Demi-Immortal Clan. For the seven people in front of them, it was absolutely incomparably important. However, Gu Pei 'er said that the Exquisite Pagoda was not important. This made the other six people puzzled. Qing Feng and the others looked at Gu Pei' er strangely.
Boss Mo said indifferently: "The Exquisite Pagoda is not important? Is there anything more important than that? "
"She …" Gu Pei 'er pointed at Luo Zheng and continued: "She said that she went to the Exquisite Pagoda and took the test of the Talent Stele. She even saw my father's name on it!"
"Senior Gu?" Boss Mo asked.
Gu Heche's talent could only be listed in the first row. He did not get a title in the Exquisite Pagoda. However, talent was only one aspect that determined the height of a warrior's achievements. Even if he did not get a title, Gu Heche had a good position in the Demi-Immortal Clan. Therefore, Boss Mo had to respectfully call him senior.
Among the seven people present, only Gu Pei 'er and the burly man did not get a title on the Talent Stele. Among the other five people, Boss Mo got a silver title, and the remaining four had a bronze title.
Strictly speaking, Gu Pei 'er was not qualified to form a team with them. The reason why Gu Pei' er could participate in this operation was mainly because of her father, Gu Heche.
"Yes," Gu Pei 'er nodded, "This cannot be faked, so I believe that he did enter the Exquisite Pagoda!"
"Then what is more important than the Exquisite Pagoda? Can you tell us the key points? "The burly man continued to ask.
"It's still her!" Gu Pei 'er said again.
This time, Gu Pei 'er's words had confused the other six people. What did she mean?
The woman in front of them was indeed special. In the universe, there were not many creatures with golden pupils. It was possible that some of the descendants of the Dragon Clan had such pupils. However, just a descendant of the Dragon Clan was not enough to interest them too much.
"She said that she got a title in the Talent Stele, so she can be considered a member of the Demi-Immortal Clan," Gu Pei 'er said calmly.
Hearing this, Qing Feng smiled faintly, "Got a title, hehe, someone in the Lower Realm can get a title in the Exquisite Pagoda. This is strange! What is the color of the title, and what is the title? "
Among the warriors present, except for Boss Mo, Qing Feng's title was the most advanced. He was indeed very concerned about this issue.
"The title issue still needs to be verified," Gu Pei 'er thought for a while, then said, "She said she got a gold title."
When Gu Pei 'er's words just came out, the other six people's faces were extremely interesting!
The one with the most intense reaction was Qing Feng. He smiled proudly, then said, "Pei 'er, is there a bug in your head? Are you stupid? Do you know what you are talking about? "
Even Boss Mo shook his head slightly, "Pei 'er, you are still lacking some experience. How can you believe this kind of words?"
"Hahaha … Pei 'er, don't make me laugh to death! What nonsense are you talking about! "The burly man also laughed.
When Gu Pei 'er's words came out, they did not believe it at all.
In fact, Gu Pei 'er was also skeptical of Luo Zheng's words. After all, it was just his empty words, and there was no proof.
However, Gu Pei 'er trusted Luo Zheng based on her own judgment. She said, "Boss Mo, the Linglong Pagoda was lost a long time ago. As far as I know, before it was lost, the Linglong Pagoda had only been opened for a short period of time. Hence, no one had obtained a title from the pagoda. The golden Heaven rank title was said by her. If she did not see the title, how could she say it? There can't be such a coincidence in the world, right? "
Qing Feng snorted. "What if this kid knows something about the Demi-Immortal Clan? Or maybe someone else has obtained the title of Golden Demi-Immortal?"
"Others … there is no such possibility," Boss Mo shook his head.

Chapter 902
Boss Mo was very sure of this point.
It was not that the warriors from the Upper World were arrogant and looked down on the creatures of the Lower World.
The number of living beings in the Boundless Thousand Worlds was indeed extremely large. It was almost impossible to count them. Many of the cultivators who had ascended to the Upper Realm also displayed extremely powerful talent and an extremely tenacious heart of martial arts!
Many of the creatures from the Lower World had achieved great things after ascending. Some of them were even conferred the title of Realm Lord, Celestial Lord …
But overall, there was still a considerable gap between the warriors from the Lower World and the Upper World. This gap was already limited at birth! And this limitation was almost everywhere.
For example, the vitality of the Upper World was much more violent than that of the Lower World. The creatures born from the vitality of the Upper World were naturally stronger than those from the Lower World.
In addition, there were also problems with resources, inheritance, and so on.
So when Gu Pei 'er suddenly said this, how could they believe it?
"Pei 'er, don't forget the most important point. This woman said that she was recognized by the Demi-Immortal Clan, but I didn't feel any mark of the Demi-Immortal Clan on her body. What kind of recognition is this?" Qing Feng said again.
Everyone's eyes flashed. Indeed, because Gu Pei 'er's words were too shocking, they had forgotten this point.
To be recognized by the Demi-Immortal Clan, one only needed to climb to the second level of the Talent Stele. At that time, the Talent Stele would quietly hide the mark of the Demi-Immortal Clan on the subject's body.
They could not feel any mark on Luo Zheng's body. This meant that Luo Zheng was either making things up, or he had indeed entered the Talent Stele and taken the test. But he was not even qualified to go to the second row …
Gu Peier nodded. "That's right. I didn't feel it either. However, this physical body of hers was not hers in the first place. She had taken it over …" Seeing the crowd continuously refuting her judgment, Gu Peier was also shaken. Although her previous logic supported Gu Peier's guess, now that she thought about it, this golden heavenly rank title was indeed somewhat inconceivable. She began to doubt it again.
"That's easy," the burly man said with a smile. "You just have to find her real body. What's so hard about that? Trying to impersonate a Demi-Immortal isn't easy at all!"
From the beginning to the end, Luo Zheng had not said a single word. It was very unrealistic for him to fend off the seven of them by himself. Not to mention that Luo Zheng was only occupying Feng Nianyun's body. Even if Feng Nianyun's soul wasn't sealed, she probably wouldn't be able to fend off the seven of them even if she used her full strength.
An expert of this realm was an existence that could completely crush the entire Great Wide World.
At this time, Luo Zheng also understood that if he wanted to take this Ancestral Dragon away safely, Luo Zheng could only prove himself … Fortunately, he didn't lie.
Therefore, Luo Zheng said, "Yes, my physical body is outside the Heavenly Stellar Holy Land. If you don't believe me, you can come with me!"
Boss Mo pondered for a moment and turned to look at the dust-covered Evil Dragon. After thinking for a moment, he said, "The Evil Dragon is already covered in dust. I guess we'll have to invite someone else to remove the dust. It's not impossible …"
The burly man sneered, "It'll only take a moment to verify the truth. However, if you're lying and waste my time … Hehe!"
Luo Zheng nodded calmly. He looked at the group of Divine Sea Realm experts and said, "Please take them with you!"
The Divine Sea Realm experts of the four Divine Kingdoms were like wooden blocks. They stood there in a daze, listening to the conversation between Luo Zheng and these people.
They didn't understand the topic of the Demi-Immortal Tribe at all. They only vaguely understood that Luo Zheng wanted to prove something to them. No matter what, these people didn't directly attack Luo Zheng. Instead, they believed Luo Zheng's words. This brought them a ray of hope!
After all, a group of Divine Sea Realm experts, even if they didn't occupy the bodies, couldn't fight against seven Ultimate Divine Realm experts in their peak state.
Now that Luo Zheng asked them to take them out, a glimmer of hope rose in the hearts of the warriors of the four Divine Kingdoms.
Unexpectedly, the burly man glanced at these "wooden blocks" indifferently and said, "They're just a bunch of rats. Just kill them. It's too troublesome to take them out!"
When these words came out, the hearts of the warriors of the four Divine Kingdoms sank.
Their lives were worthless in front of these Ultimate Divine Realm experts.
"Hey, Yuan Bai is right. It's too troublesome to take them out. Just kill them." After speaking, Yu Ze walked towards Zhou Huang and the others with the black knife in his hand. Unable to move, he only needed one knife to completely obliterate the souls of the warriors of the four Divine Kingdoms.
Seeing this, Luo Zheng's golden pupils suddenly flashed with a touch of fierceness. "Stop!"
Yu Ze didn't listen to Luo Zheng. He raised the black knife in his hand. Black knife energy gradually spread along the back of the knife. It seemed that the knife was about to be chopped out.
At this moment, the warriors of the four Divine Kingdoms were wailing in their hearts. They never thought that they would die in this situation. How could they be willing to be killed so carelessly when they couldn't resist?
However, although they were wailing in their hearts, their bodies were completely out of control. Except for the resentment and hatred in their eyes, they couldn't even say a word.
Luo Zheng said coldly, "If we find the Exquisite Pagoda and prove that I really have the title of Golden Celestial Realm, then what?"
Hearing this, Yu Ze really stopped the black knife in his hand. He saw that Luo Zheng's tone was full of confidence. The corners of his mouth twitched and he mocked, "Oh? It seems that you're really sure that you have the title of Golden Celestial Realm? "
"Yes." Luo Zheng's eyes were calm as he stared at Yu Ze.
"What if you don't?" Yu Ze continued to ask with a smile.
"In this Vast Thousand Domains, no one can be your enemy. At that time, you can do whatever you want to me … and us. It won't be difficult!" Luo Zheng said.
At this moment, Gu Pei 'er frowned and said, "Yu Ze, stop. It's not too late to verify it first."
Yu Ze's smile turned cold. At this moment, the black saber in his hand suddenly slashed out. However, this slash wasn't aimed at those Divine Sea Realm warriors. Instead, he tilted the edge of the black saber. A thick saber energy suddenly extended out, pulling out a black saber energy that was dozens of feet long. The end of the saber energy sank into the ground, shooting out into the distance!
"Whoosh …"
If one were to look down from above the Heavenly Stellar Holy Land, they would see a thin line from the center of the Heavenly Stellar Holy Land all the way to the edge of the Holy Land.
"Okay, I'll listen to Senior Sister!" Yu Ze smiled. For him, these rats couldn't be killed, so they didn't have much meaning.
Then, the flower in Gu Pei 'er's right eye spun gently and removed the binding force on the Heavenly Wind War Emperor and the others. At this moment, all the corpses regained their freedom.
Even after regaining the ability to move, none of the Divine Sea Realm experts chose to run away.
These corpses couldn't use True Yuan. They couldn't even fly with their physical bodies, let alone run fast. Moreover, they had no power to resist the seven Ultimate Divine Realm experts. Choosing to run away now was no different than courting death.
"Let's go. Your physical body shouldn't be too far from the Heavenly Stellar Holy Land, right?" Qing Feng said calmly.
"How far can it be? The Great Thousand World itself isn't big. Hmph. "The burly man sneered.
Luo Zheng didn't say anything. Instead, he said to the Heavenly Wind War Emperor and the others, "Everyone, let's go out together!"
The warriors of the four Divine Kingdoms nodded silently and followed behind Luo Zheng. The seven Ultimate Divine Realm Almighties followed at the very back of the group.
After leaving the Heavenly Stellar Holy Land, it took them an incense stick's worth of time to repair the Teleportation Array. Everyone entered the Heavenly Feather Sacred Ocean again and returned along the Saint's Road.
However, when they returned to the Saint's Road, the Divine Sea Realm experts took out the giant shields in their hands. They wanted to use the shields to block the blue arrows.

Chapter 903
Those blue arrows were powerful, but they couldn't penetrate Qing Feng's barrier.
Under the protection of this barrier, they easily passed through the Path of the Saint and entered the Divine Emperor Secret Realm.
"It turns out that this place is connected to a huge graveyard. No wonder you all went into the corpses. These corpses must have come from this graveyard, right?" Boss Mo asked.
Although the seven from the Demi-Immortal Tribe looked down on the strength of the warriors from the lower world, they admired them for coming up with this method to avoid the power of the blood sacrifice …
"Yes!" Luo Zheng nodded gently.
"So, where are your corpses?" Boss Mo asked again.
"On the other side of the Divine Emperor Island," Luo Zheng answered.
Generally speaking, when returning to the graveyard, the warriors of the four Divine Kingdoms would place the corpses in their original places. For so many years, they had been doing this.
After all, there weren't many corpses that were so well-preserved, especially the corpses of the Divine Sea Realm. Every one they used was one less.
If the corpses were thrown away after each use, there wouldn't be many corpses left in the graveyard.
This time, the Divine Sea Realm warriors didn't do that. Instead, they directly controlled the corpses to go through the graveyard and to the seaside of the Divine Emperor Island.
There were still some Spirit Sea Realm warriors guarding the seaside of the Divine Emperor Island. After all, everyone's physical bodies were left at the seaside. If they didn't send anyone to stay here, it would be troublesome if their physical bodies were all destroyed in case something happened.
In addition, there were White Brow Daoist and Bai Yuerong. They didn't enter the Heavenly Stellar Holy Land.
Many shrines were lined up by the sea, and many corporeal bodies were sitting cross-legged on the ground, meditating.
"They're back. They're back!" A Divine Sea Realm warrior who stayed behind shouted.
Bai Yuerong and White Brow Daoist's eyes flashed. They stared at the corpses with strange expressions. "What happened? They directly controlled the corpses to come out? "Bai Yuerong asked in surprise.
As for Daoist White Brow, his eyes were fixed on the girl at the very front! In this young girl's arms, there was a furry little thing! Although its appearance was very strange and didn't look like a dragon, the aura that leaked out of it made White Brow Daoist very sure!
"Ancestral Dragon? They got it! " White Brow Daoist's face lit up with joy. He was about to fly over, but at this moment, he felt several powerful pressures!
There was no expert in the Great Thousand World who could make Daoist White Brow feel pressured!
Even Luo Zheng couldn't give White Brow Daoist such pressure. After all, although Luo Zheng had displayed powerful skills, his cultivation base was only at the Life and Death Realm. As for his strength … Putting aside the fact that he had merged with the will of the world, he was probably no different from an ordinary Divine Sea Realm warrior.
"Seven people! ..........................................
After a long journey, the Tianfeng War Emperor and the others finally returned to the Divine Emperor Island. Their expressions relaxed. No one was willing to put their soul into a corpse. It didn't feel good. But to avoid the power of blood sacrifice, they could only use such a clumsy method.
"Everyone, let's return to our bodies!" The Tianfeng War Emperor and the others had just escaped death. They couldn't be bothered with White Brow Daoist. Their souls left their corpses and flew back to their bodies!
After the corpses lost their souls, they fell to the ground one by one and scrambled to return to their bodies.
As for Luo Zheng, he wouldn't treat Feng Nianyun's body like that. Feng Nianyun wasn't dead. If he treated her body like that, she would probably go berserk.
Therefore, he found an open space and sat down. Then, his soul left his body and flew back to his body.
Luo Zheng slowly opened his eyes. At this moment, he saw the newly born Ancestral Dragon running towards him!
"Eh?"
Luo Zheng's face revealed a puzzled expression. Didn't the Ancestral Dragon have imprints? He was occupying Feng Nianyun's body. Logically speaking, he should see Feng Nianyun as his mother. Why was this little dragon running towards him?
As soon as this question popped up in his mind, Qinglong's faint voice drifted over. "The Ancestral Dragon does have imprints. However, its imprints aren't differentiated by appearance. They are differentiated by soul … But thank you, Luo Zheng. You did it!"
Previously, Luo Zheng's soul had left his body and distanced himself from Qinglong. Although the two maintained a connection, Qinglong couldn't observe the surroundings. Now that Luo Zheng had his body back, this problem naturally didn't exist!
Qinglong was naturally happy to see Luo Zheng bring the Ancestral Dragon with him.
"Ah, this guy is a man …"
Not far away, Gu Pei 'er saw a soul leave Feng Nianyun's body and enter the body of a man with delicate features. She couldn't help but cry out, and then a look of disappointment appeared on her face.
Beside her, Boss Mo looked at Luo Zheng indifferently and nodded slightly. "He does have the imprint of my Demi-Immortal Clan on him … This guy has been to the Twinklegem Pagoda."
"Even if he has the imprint, it doesn't mean he has a title. The second row of the Talent Stele is enough to leave the imprint," Qingfeng said lightly.
Boss Mo nodded and continued, "It doesn't matter. We can continue to verify. After all, we have to find the Twinklegem Pagoda eventually."
"Man, this guy is a man …" Gu Peier was now very conflicted. As for whether Luo Zheng was recognized by her Demi-Immortal Clan, she didn't care.
The newly born Ancestral Dragon didn't have the slightest sense of alienation between Luo Zheng and it jumped into Luo Zheng's arms and kept licking Luo Zheng. At this moment, White Brow Daoist walked towards Luo Zheng with a smile on his face and said, "Luo Tianxing, thank you for bringing the Ancestral Dragon out of the Heavenly Stellar Holy Land!"
Holding the Ancestral Dragon in his arms, Luo Zheng glanced at White Brow Daoist and asked coldly, "Why are you thanking me?"
Hearing Luo Zheng's words, White Brow Daoist frowned and said, "We've been searching for this Ancestral Dragon egg for so long and haven't taken it out. Now that you've brought it out, I naturally have to thank you."
"Haha … You don't have to thank him, because the Ancestral Dragon doesn't belong to you." At this time, Yu Ze walked over slowly with the black saber in his hand.
They were all Divine Realm experts and both sides noticed each other in an instant. However, the seven people of the Demi-Immortal Clan didn't put White Brow Daoist in their eyes. White Brow Daoist thought that he was alone and the Ancestral Dragon was in Luo Zheng's hands, so he didn't pay attention to the seven people.
Hearing Yu Ze's words, White Brow Daoist's face suddenly darkened. "Where did you come from? I'm the subordinate of Thunder Punishing Skylord … "
White Brow Daoist knew that he was no match for the seven people in front of him. Fortunately, the force behind him was well-known in the world. Facing this group of experts of the same level as him, White Brow Daoist could only use the force behind him.
However, before he could finish his sentence, the burly man laughed and said, "You're using the Celestial Venerables to scare people. Haha, you can use this trick to swindle people in the lower realms, but since we're all from the Great Realm, there's no need to use this trick!"
"Swindle people?" White Brow Daoist narrowed his eyes.
At this time, Boss Mo said, "The weakest of the three forces of the Human Clan is Thunder Punishing Skylord. However, we can't comment on Skylord level experts!"
"It's good that you know!" White Brow Daoist smiled faintly. He could see that the man wearing the silver mask was the strongest. He might be able to fight the other six people one-on-one. However, he had no confidence in facing this man wearing the silver mask. Therefore, White Brow Daoist restrained himself.
"Putting aside Skylord experts, this Ancestral Dragon must belong to our Demi-Immortal Clan. It's impossible for other clans to get it," Boss Mo continued.
"Demi-Immortal Clan!" White Brow Daoist's eyelids suddenly trembled when he heard Boss Mo's words.
＝＝＝＝＝

Chapter 904
Just like Feng Nianyun's reaction, White Brow Daoist was extremely conflicted when he heard that the seven of them were from the Demi-Immortal Tribe!
The Demi-Immortal Tribe didn't have a good reputation in the Upper Realm. This tribe had mixed origins and was few in number. However, almost every one of them was an elite.
The biggest problem was that these guys were a bunch of lunatics from head to toe!
Originally, White Brow Daoist was hoping to announce the name of the force behind him. Although the Thunder Punishing Skylord was the weakest of the three major forces of the human race, it still occupied two thousand great worlds in the Upper Realm. It wasn't inferior to any of the other tribes.
If he had known that this group of people were from the Demi-Immortal Tribe, White Brow Daoist wouldn't have even bothered to speak!
The problem was this Ancestral Dragon …
The Divine Sea Realm experts of the four Divine Kingdoms all retreated to the side. The Tianfeng War Emperor, Zhou Huang, and the others didn't say anything. After all, this Ancestral Dragon wouldn't fall into their hands no matter how much they fought over it. If the Supervisor wanted to boast about his strength, he could snatch it from the hands of this group of Divine Realm experts.
White Brow Daoist rolled his eyes and said, "So you are from the Demi-Immortal Tribe. However, this Ancestral Dragon, I've already …"
"No matter how much effort you've spent, it's impossible for these natives to enter the Heavenly Stellar Holy Land and obtain the Ancestral Dragon egg." Boss Mo rudely interrupted White Brow Daoist's words. "This Ancestral Dragon was originally hatched by us. That's why we took it out of the Heavenly Stellar Holy Land!"
Yu Ze and the burly man fiddled with the weapons in their hands. From time to time, they would stare at White Brow Daoist and grin. It seemed that they were looking forward to a battle with White Brow Daoist.
White Brow Daoist continued, "The Demi-Immortal Tribe can't be so unreasonable. I …"
Who knew that before White Brow Daoist could finish his words, Yu Ze and the burly man rushed towards White Brow Daoist!
They attacked without hesitation!
How terrifying was the speed of Divine Realm experts?
Under the watchful eyes of the crowd, before they could even blink, the two men had already launched an aggressive attack on White Brow Daoist.
"Hu …"
However, White Brow Daoist's reaction was extremely fast. When the two men attacked, he also quickly retreated several hundred feet away. At the same time, he shouted, "Stop! Let's talk things over … "After saying that, a small shield in his hand expanded in the wind and transformed into rays of light, blocking in front of him.
Yu Ze and the burly man revealed a regretful expression. At the same time, they cursed and slowly retreated back to Boss Mo's side.
These White Brow Daoist. White brow, White Brow, White Brow Daoist. White Brow Daoist.
White Brow Daoist knew that he had no chance of winning. It seemed that he could only find a way to ask for help through the Reverse Spirit Channel. He glanced at Luo Zheng, who was holding the Ancestral Dragon. He felt strange. If the Demi-Immortal Tribe didn't lie and the Ancestral Dragon was hatched by them, why was the Ancestral Dragon following Luo Zheng?
Boss Mo didn't care about White Brow Daoist's thoughts. Their purpose was simple. They wanted to verify whether Luo Zheng really had a title. As for the Ancestral Dragon following Luo Zheng, they wouldn't forcibly take it back for the time being.
"Since you really have the mark of the Demi-Immortal Tribe, the next step is to find the Exquisite Pagoda." Boss Mo walked towards Luo Zheng. His tone had softened a lot. Because he felt the mark of the Demi-Immortal Tribe on Luo Zheng, he could indeed treat Luo Zheng as one of his own.
Luo Zheng nodded. He would never get involved in the dispute between White Brow Daoist and the Demi-Immortal Tribe. So Luo Zheng nodded. "Of course. I will take you to the Exquisite Pagoda."
After that, Luo Zheng's gaze focused on Feng Nianyun's body. At the same time, he asked Qinglong in his mind, "What … what about Feng Nianyun?"
"Sigh, she is under the Soul Seal Technique. Although her body is alive, it is no different from being dead. Only after finding someone to undo the Soul Seal Technique will she be able to recover. However, the Soul Seal Technique is a secret technique of the Soul Tribe. There are too few creatures who are good at it …" Qinglong sighed. The nine True Dragons had a close relationship with Feng Nianyun. Qinglong was naturally very concerned about her.
Since he had brought Feng Nianyun out this time, Qinglong naturally wanted to help Feng Nianyun.
However, at this moment, he saw Gu Peier walking towards Feng Nianyun with a face full of disappointment …
"Is this just an empty shell? A body without a soul … "Gu Peier muttered as she stared at Feng Nianyun. At the same time, she reached out to touch Feng Nianyun's face. She was interested in Feng Nianyun, but she had no interest in Luo Zheng.
Seeing this scene, Luo Zheng was a little speechless. Gu Peier was indeed a weirdo. He guessed that Feng Nianyun was starting to get angry in her inner world.
Sure enough, at this moment, Feng Nianyun's consciousness suddenly transmitted. "You are the body without a soul!"
"Oh! There is another soul? "Gu Peier's face suddenly revealed a look of pleasant surprise.
At this moment, Luo Zheng said to Gu Peier, "Her soul is sealed in her inner world."
"Sealed in her inner world?" Gu Peier's eyes suddenly flashed. Then she said, "The Soul Seal Technique?"
Although it was a secret technique of the Soul Clan, the Soul Seal Technique was even more famous. Moreover, Gu Peier was originally proficient in soul cultivation techniques. When she heard that Feng Nianyun's soul was sealed in her inner world, Gu Peier instantly guessed it.
Luo Zheng nodded. He had an idea in his mind. Since Qinglong couldn't undo the Soul Seal Technique, could he borrow the silver-haired woman's hand? Weren't there many capable people in the Demi-Immortal Clan?
"You … can you help her undo the Soul Seal Technique?" Luo Zheng asked.
Gu Peier's expression immediately turned serious. Only those who understood the Great Soul Sealing Technique would understand how difficult it was to undo it. Gu Peier thought for a moment, and seemed to have made up her mind about something. She then said, "I can undo it, but …"
There was hope. Luo Zheng's heart was slightly happy, but he quickly asked, "But what?"
Gu Peier said, "But there is a condition!"
"What condition?" This time, before Luo Zheng could ask, Feng Nianyun in her inner world spoke first.
In the past hundred thousand years, because of the Soul Seal Technique, she had obtained a lifespan that far exceeded that of ordinary warriors. Her body had even stopped aging, and the Deva's Decay hadn't come for a long time. In fact, the Soul Seal Technique was one of the methods that some Upper Realm warriors used to extend their lifespan.
The problem was that in the past hundred thousand years, she could only be alone in her inner world, slowly building a world that belonged to her …
Even in her dreams, Feng Nianyun hoped that someone could undo her Soul Seal Technique.
Now that Gu Peier said that she could undo it, even if she hated Gu Peier, Feng Nianyun was extremely excited at this moment.
Gu Peier chuckled and temporarily forgot about Luo Zheng. She returned to her cheerful nature and said with a smile, "But you have to marry me. Is that okay?"
"Cough cough …" Hearing this, Luo Zheng couldn't help but cough violently.
When the others of the Demi-Immortal Clan heard this, they couldn't help but shake their heads. They knew Gu Peier's personality and even more so her preferences.
Feng Nianyun was silent in her inner world. At this moment, she didn't know what to say.
She was different from Gu Peier. She couldn't fall in love with a woman no matter what. But in comparison, the Soul Sealing Technique brought Feng Nianyun much more torment.
Seeing that Feng Nianyun wasn't responding to her, Gu Peier blinked and said, "You know that it's quite troublesome to undo your Soul Seal Technique. I can ask someone to help me, but I'll have to pay a hefty price! This condition isn't too much, right? "
Luo Zheng shook his head slightly. He hugged the Ancestral Gragon in his arms and didn't say anything. The relationship between these two women didn't have much to do with him.
Now that he had left the Tianchen Sacred Land, he had temporarily brought the Ancestral Gragon with him. He had also obtained the life crystal to save Ning Yudie. This time, he would first return to the Central Domain to wake Ning Yudie up, then take this group of people to the Sea God Continent.
Feng Nianyun and Gu Peier talked about something, but Gu Peier finally revealed a satisfied smile. It seemed that the two of them had come to an agreement.

Chapter 905
The seven of them couldn't solve the matter of the Evil Dragon's Dust Seal, so they could only ask the Demi-Immortal Clan to send other almighty experts down.
In comparison, the Exquisite Pagoda was more important.
Although Boss Mo and the others didn't believe that Luo Zheng really had the title of Gold Demi-Immortal, they really wanted to see how Luo Zheng was recognized by the Talent Stele. Was his talent ranked in the second row or the first row? Or did he get a Bronze Title?
They needed to verify all these.
However, Luo Zheng replied indifferently, "I will take you to the Exquisite Pagoda, but before that, I have something important to do."
Initially, after Luo Zheng obtained the Life Crystal, he planned to return to the Central Domain as soon as possible. However, he promised Qinglong that he would enter the Heavenly Star Secret Realm to obtain the Ancestral Dragon egg, so there was a slight delay.
Now, this Ancestral Dragon was following him, but it was hard to say where it belonged.
Even if this Ancestral Dragon had his mark, the Demi-Immortal Clan would never give up. Moreover, White Brow Daoist was eyeing him covetously. It seemed that White Brow Daoist wouldn't give up either.
At present, Luo Zheng was the least anxious. Whether it was White Brow Daoist's side or the Demi-Immortal Clan's side, they didn't show any absolute malice towards him. Moreover, he had indeed obtained the title of Gold Demi-Immortal in the Exquisite Pagoda. What should he do next, Luo Zheng just needed to cooperate. However, before that, he had to return to the Central Domain to save Ning Yudie's life!
"Important matter? Don't tell me you don't dare to go? " Yuze said coldly. Even if Luo Zheng had the mark of the Demi-Immortal Clan, it was only recognized by the Demi-Immortal Clan. Yuze felt that Luo Zheng was bragging and didn't dare to verify it with them.
Hearing Yuze's question, Luo Zheng said seriously, "I'm not from the Divine Kingdom Continent. I only came to the Divine Kingdom Continent to find medicine and save people! If you don't believe me, you can slowly search in the Great Wide World. The Great Wide World isn't that big for you, right? "
The Great Thousand World wasn't that big, but it was still difficult to pinpoint the exact location of the Seagod Continent. The four Divine Kingdoms were relatively close to the Central Domain, but the Seagod Continent was very far away. It wasn't that the Demi-Immortals couldn't do it, it was just that Luo Zheng didn't provide them with the coordinates and directions, so the Demi-Immortals couldn't find the Exquisite Pagoda in a short time.
"Hmph, isn't that simple? Directly searching your soul will do. Little Senior Apprentice Sister is most proficient in this kind of method, right? "Yu Ze continued to say with a cold smile.
Luo Zheng's expression darkened. But then Gu Pei 'er said, "He's been acknowledged by the Demi-Immortal Clan. If he joins us in the future, we'll all be colleagues. Yuze, can you not speak like that?"
Yu Ze snickered and continued, "Just a Lower Realm martial artist. Being fortunate enough to be able to get on the Talent Stele's list, at best, it's just leaving his name on the second row! Colleagues? Is this guy qualified? "
Gu Pei 'er shook her head. This Yu Ze sometimes spoke without thinking. Compared to other people, she still had a faint glimmer of hope. After all, Luo Zheng really didn't seem to be lying! Then Gu Pei 'er said, "If he's telling the truth, if he really has a Gold Demi-Immortal title, what should we do?"
If it was really confirmed that Luo Zheng's talent was worthy of a Gold Demi-Immortal title, it would be a big deal for the entire Demi-Immortal Clan!
"Haha," Yu Ze laughed and said, "Little Senior Apprentice Sister, you've always been astute. I can't believe you actually believe this kid's words. I …"
Beside them, Qing Feng, the burly man, and the others also laughed. If Luo Zheng had lied about having a Silver Demi-Immortal title or a Bronze Demi-Immortal title, they might have believed it. Unfortunately, Luo Zheng's title sounded too unbelievable. If they hadn't seen it with their own eyes, they wouldn't have believed it even if they were beaten to death.
"If it's true, what do you plan to do?" Gu Pei 'er looked serious and stared at Yu Ze. She didn't know why, but this time, Gu Pei' er chose to believe Luo Zheng. Maybe it was purely her sixth sense, but she really had a hunch that this matter wasn't fake!
"Xiu, xiu, xiu …"
Yu Ze gently turned the black saber in his hand and placed it in front of him. He said indifferently, "If it's true, I'll swallow the Onyx Saber!"
"Really?" Gu Pei 'er blinked her eyes and smiled.
Yu Ze nodded hard, "Really!"
Looking at the two people betting like this, Luo Zheng's face revealed a strange expression. This Onyx Saber was unusually sharp. It was at least a Supreme Artifact. This guy was going to swallow it. Let's see if he could swallow it when the time came!
"You two, stop fooling around." Boss Mo said to Luo Zheng, "Since you said you want to go back to save people, then leave immediately. We can take you there. It won't take much time!"
Hearing this, Luo Zheng laughed instead!
Right now, there should be a terrible storm in the Chaotic Astral Ocean. Even a Divine Sea Realm expert would find it difficult to pass through. Even though Luo Zheng was a Life and Death Realm warrior, if he forced his way through the Chaotic Astral Ocean, there was a possibility that he would die!
The magical powers of these Ultimate God Realm warriors were almost unimaginable. If they could take him back to the Central Domain, it would be the best thing for him.
"In that case, we'll leave immediately!" After saying that, Boss Mo waved his hand, and a blood-red rune appeared in his hand. He threw it casually, and the blood-red rune formed a huge red cross. Then, the cross was firmly engraved on the ground.
"What is that?" Some warriors of the four Divine Kingdoms asked in a low voice.
"Hmph, it's just a locator talisman used by the Demi-Immortal Clan! Through special means, they can come back here at any time! " Daoist White Eyebrows said coldly. His face was still very ugly. Daoist White Eyebrows had heard the conversation between Luo Zheng and them clearly. It seemed that Luo Zheng had been tested in the Trial Tower of the Demi-Immortal Tribe?
The Demi-Immortal Tribe didn't have a good reputation in the universe, but it was very famous. Daoist White Eyebrows also knew about the three Trial Towers of the Demi-Immortal Tribe. It was said that they had lost one Trial Tower? When did Luo Tianxing go through the Trial Tower's test?
When Luo Zheng was crossing the tribulation, Daoist White Eyebrows already knew that this kid had opened the Mahayana Lotus! At that time, Daoist White Eyebrows was overjoyed. For him, the Ancestral Dragon egg was an important matter, but Luo Zheng was even more important.
Just now, when he saw Luo Zheng holding the Ancestral Dragon on the Divine Emperor Island, he was overjoyed. He didn't expect the Demi-Immortal Tribe to come in. Now, it seemed that Luo Zheng had been tested in the Trial Tower and was marked with the mark of the Demi-Immortal Tribe …
Therefore, at this moment, Daoist White Eyebrows felt a trace of despair in his heart, and his face became very gloomy.
After setting up the positioning talisman, Boss Mo raised his crutch again and waved it gently toward the void. Then, he chopped down, and an irregular space crack appeared out of thin air.
"Qing Feng, open it," Boss Mo immediately ordered.
After Qing Feng nodded, he walked toward the space crack that was ten feet high. He stretched out his hand, and a boundary shot out from his hand. Then, the boundary began to expand rapidly. There was a burst of crackling sounds in the passage, and the space crack was opened by Qing Feng's boundary, forming a small "space hole".
At this time, the martial artist named Ha Peng took out an eight trigrams wheel that was several feet wide. This eight trigrams wheel expanded in the wind. It seemed that this was their group's flying magic weapon.
After Boss Mo, Yun Ze, and the others jumped on it, Gu Peier looked at Luo Zheng and said, "Okay, let's go!"
Luo Zheng nodded, but his eyes were fixed on Huo Yuner, King Yan, and the others. Although he didn't stay in the Divine Kingdom Continent for long, he made many friends!
Huo Yuner, King Yan, and the others all had different thoughts. Previously, Luo Zheng had saved them several times. This time, in the Tianchen Mystery Land, if it wasn't for Luo Zheng, they wouldn't have been able to come back. Not only them, but even their fathers, all the Divine Sea Realm experts in the four Divine Kingdoms, probably wouldn't have been able to come back!
Therefore, besides being grateful to Luo Zheng, King Yan and the others were also reluctant to part with him.
The current situation didn't allow them to communicate too much. Even the four Monarchs chose to remain silent in front of this group of Divine Realm experts.
Under their gazes, Luo Zheng just smiled and said, "I will be back!"

Chapter 906
Seeing his daughter suddenly rush out, the Tianfeng War Emperor's expression changed.
Although he was a monarch of the Divine Kingdom Continent and was definitely one of the top figures in the lower realm, he was nothing in front of this group of Divine Realm experts!
What was worse was that these seven people had been acting a little crazy since the beginning. He was afraid that his daughter's actions would provoke these people! The Tianfeng War Emperor wanted to stop her, but his daughter rushed out like a sharp arrow. He couldn't stop her in time.
The Tianfeng War Emperor was most concerned about Huo Yuner, so he knew her character very well. He had long seen that his daughter liked Luo Zheng, but she had always been gentle and reserved. He didn't expect her to be so impulsive.
Huo Yuner rushed out and finally stopped in front of Luo Zheng. She stared at Luo Zheng with her beautiful eyes. There was no smile on her face, but her expression was very serious.
Huo Yuner bit her lips and asked softly, "Are you really coming back?"
Seeing Huo Yuner's expression, Luo Zheng smiled and nodded seriously. "Of course I will come back."
She looked like she wanted to say something, but it was just a moment of impulse. Now that she realized that everyone was looking at her, she blushed shyly. However, this hesitation only lasted for a breath's time. For a young girl, some things were indeed difficult, but she made up her mind. She took the necklace from her chest, walked forward, and put it on Luo Zheng's neck.
The necklace wasn't expensive, but it was a keepsake for her.
Huo Yuner then said, "I'll wait for you to come back!" She forced a smile and turned to leave.
Wearing the necklace, Luo Zheng looked at Huo Yuner's back with a complicated expression. He nodded silently and got on the Wheel of Eight Trigrams. As for Yuze and the burly man's faint smile, Luo Zheng chose to ignore them.
In addition to Luo Zheng and the seven members of the Demi-Immortal Clan, Feng Nianyun was also brought into the Eight Trigrams Wheel.
As the Eight Trigrams Wheel rotated slowly, it carried everyone into the Space Hole. After a while, the Eight Trigrams Wheel disappeared before the eyes of the people from the Divine Kingdom. After Qing Feng removed the boundary that propped up the Space Crack, the Space Crack quickly recovered. The Space Crack was actually a "wound" of the entire Vast Thousand World. However, the Vast Thousand World originally had a certain "self-healing" ability, so the Space Crack was just an insignificant wound to the entire world. The Space Crack quickly recovered and gradually dissipated. However, if a warrior who was proficient in the Law of Space was able to see the shadow in that area, that was the weakness of the space.
In the eyes of the warriors of the four Divine Kingdoms, the Demi-Immortal Tribe was like a plague. As soon as they disappeared, the Divine Sea Realm warriors felt relieved.
Only Daoist White Eyebrows had a dark face.
At this moment, Bai Yuerong said, "Supervisor, do we still need to report Luo Zheng's information?"
"Humph, report! Why didn't he report it? Today, we will open the Reverse Spirit Channel! The Demi-Immortal Tribe's hands are too long! "Daoist White Eyebrows could no longer suppress the anger in his heart. He almost roared out these words.
In Daoist White Eyebrows' view, whether it was Luo Zheng or the Ancestral Gragon, they must be discovered by him! If the Demi-Immortal Tribe wanted to get their hands on them, they would have to see if they had the ability to do so!
As for Daoist White Eyebrows' anger, the Divine Kings turned a blind eye to it. They were lucky to be able to keep their lives thanks to Luo Zheng. After tidying up, they set off and left the Heavenly Feather Sacred Sea. The power of the blood sacrifice had slowly begun to recover. They had to leave this place before the power of the blood sacrifice fully recovered …
In the darkness, the Eight Trigrams Wheel was shuttling back and forth rapidly.
There was no light in the Space Crack, and nothing existed. On the other side of the Vast Thousand World was a void.
After Luo Zheng pointed out the direction, Ha Peng controlled the Eight Trigrams Wheel to move forward, and its speed became faster and faster. This time, after passing through the Chaotic Astral Ocean and walking on the other side of the world, they would not be threatened by the deadly storm at all.
Previously, Luo Zheng and Yun Longtao had fought in the void, but only for a very short time. This time, however, they were going to travel a long distance in the void.
At first, Luo Zheng was somewhat curious. However, the surroundings were pitch-black, as if nothing existed. Luo Zheng withdrew his gaze and sat on the Eight Trigrams Wheel. After thinking for a while, he asked, "Is there nothing in the void?"
The seven people of the Demi-Immortal Tribe were also sitting cross-legged on the Eight Trigrams Wheel. When Yuze heard Luo Zheng's question, he said sarcastically, "Nonsense, why else would it be called the void?"
Luo Zheng rolled his eyes. Among these people, except for Boss Mo and Gu Peier, the others were not easy to get along with. They were either very arrogant, or like this guy, they spoke very unpleasant words. Therefore, Luo Zheng simply did not speak. He closed his eyes and sat cross-legged in meditation.
However, at this time, Luo Zheng suddenly felt a gloomy and cold aura sweeping towards him!
At the same time, the seven people of the Demi-Immortal Tribe opened their eyes, especially Boss Mo, who suddenly stood up and frowned.
It seemed that it was not only Luo Zheng who felt the gloomy and cold aura, but everyone felt it. Gu Peier frowned and asked, "What's that?"
Boss Mo's expression was very cold, "Bad luck, it seems that we have encountered a shadow creature!"
"What the hell is a shadow creature?" Yuze shouted.
Qing Feng opened his mouth and said, "It's a creature that lives on the other side of the world. Therefore, I have to correct you. There is something in the void! Although the number of shadow creatures is rare, they are very strong. We are in trouble! "
"Why is there such a thing …" Yuze's expression was unnatural. He had just used this to teach Luo Zheng a lesson. In the end, this shadow creature appeared, which was equivalent to reality slapping him hard in the face.
As for Luo Zheng, he rolled his eyes. He never liked to argue with idiots.
"Huhuhu …"
In the darkness, even these Divine Realm warriors could not see clearly what was going on in the distance. Moreover, the Eight Trigrams Wheel was still flying at high speed. When they heard this sound, everyone immediately became nervous. Everyone began to look around, but they could not find the shadow creature!
Luo Zheng's eyes flashed, and a wisp of emerald green light flashed in his pupils. After the Clear Eyes Spirit Pupil was activated, the darkness in the void slowly disappeared and was replaced by a green world. After he looked around, his gaze fell on the back. At the same time, his face revealed a look of horror, and he shouted, "What is that!"
Tens of thousands of feet behind the Eight Trigrams Wheel, there was a gigantic head that was following it at a high speed!
That head looked like a human's head, but its size was comparable to a huge mountain. Behind this head hung a thick python, which seemed to be the head's hair!
Using the Clear Eyes Spirit Pupil, Luo Zheng saw the huge head in the distance, but the others could not see it.
"What did you see?" Boss Mo asked nervously. Any shadow creature was not easy to deal with, and this was the reason why he was nervous. As for how Luo Zheng saw the shadow creature, although Boss Mo was curious, he did not ask.
Luo Zheng stared at the approaching head, and then he replied, "A head, a huge head!"
"A head?"
Boss Mo pondered for a moment, and his eyes suddenly revealed a look of fear. Then he said, "So unlucky? In the shadows of the Great Thousand World, there is such a thing? "
Qing Feng's face was also very ugly. At this moment, even his voice was trembling, "Oh no, quickly, quickly leave this void!"
"Leave the void? But the outside world should be the sky of the Chaotic Astral Ocean! This Star Sea Storm is also … "Luo Zheng said.
Boss Mo snorted, "Compared to that thing, the Star Sea Storm is just a child's play! Qing Feng, get ready! " After that, Boss Mo waved the crutch in his hand forward again. It could be seen that this time, Boss Mo almost exerted all his strength, and the crutch seemed to be mixed with a great force.
"Rip!"
Because the force was too great, the space exploded together, and it sounded extremely harsh, as if tens of thousands of people were tearing a huge piece of cloth at the same time!
＝＝＝＝＝

Chapter 907
The huge crack in front of them was suddenly torn open. Qing Feng clapped his hands together forcefully. Then, his hands separated and intertwined, and a boundary instantly opened up the crack in the space.
"Huff, huff, huff …"
At this moment, the thing behind them was getting closer and closer.
Even if he did not use his Clear Eyes Spirit Eyes to observe, he could see a huge silhouette with his naked eyes. It was indeed a head, and that head had already opened its huge mouth, wanting to swallow the Eight Trigrams Wheel in one gulp!
The big mouth was like a huge cave. As for the Wheel of Eight Trigrams, it was less than five feet wide. Compared to the big mouth, it was as small as a mosquito.
When everyone looked back, they could even see that there were many shadow creatures hiding in the big mouth. Because the light was too dim, they couldn't distinguish the shapes of those shadow creatures. They could only vaguely see their horrifying silhouettes.
The shadow creature was drifting at an extremely fast speed. The distance between it and Luo Zheng and the others was rapidly closing. Looking at the momentum, they were afraid that they would be swallowed by the head in one gulp before they could pass through the crack!
At this moment, Ha Peng gritted his teeth and suddenly took out a sharp weapon. He ruthlessly cut his wrist and slapped his palm on the Wheel of Eight Trigrams!
"Puchi!"
A stream of golden blood suddenly splashed out. As soon as it splashed on the Wheel of Eight Trigrams, it was absorbed by the Wheel of Eight Trigrams.
"Let's go!"
"Whoosh …"
After absorbing Ha Peng's blood, the Wheel of Eight Trigrams suddenly emitted a bright light around it. Its speed instantly increased by more than two times!
With the help of the flickering light of the Wheel of Eight Trigrams, everyone could see the creature in the big mouth. Luo Zheng, Gu Pei 'er, the burly man, and the others all took a deep breath.
As for Qing Feng and Boss Mo, although they looked nervous, they seemed to have guessed what it was. Therefore, they didn't have such a shocked expression.
After the speed increased, the Wheel of Eight Trigrams drilled into the crack in an instant!
However, the shadow creature only emitted a cold and gloomy aura. That aura covered the Wheel of Eight Trigrams, and everyone couldn't help but shiver.
This cold and gloomy aura contained the negative will of killing, blood, cruelty, and at the same time, a trace of unwillingness!
"Hmph! That thing can only survive in the void. Once it leaves the void, it's like a fish out of water. It can't survive and it doesn't dare to chase after us … "Boss Mo snorted coldly and said after rushing out of the void. However, his face was still ghastly pale.
However, as soon as his voice fell, the sound of wind howled in everyone's ears. Millions of sharp wind blades circled above everyone's heads!
"What the f * ck is this!" Yu Ze screamed.
From the bottom of their hearts, the Paramount God experts of the Demi-Immortal Clan didn't think much of the lower realms. Little did they know that there were exceptions in the Greater Thousand Worlds.
The green Wind Blades contained the fourth level of the Laws of Wind, while the black Wind Blades were like quenched black blades that contained the fifth level of the Laws of Wind.
Previously, when they heard Luo Zheng's warning that the storm in the Chaotic Astral Sea was very powerful, they thought, how powerful could it be? Just like the power of blood sacrifice in the Heavenly Feather Holy Sea, in the eyes of the Divine Sea experts of the four Divine Kingdoms, it was an existence that they couldn't get close to. They could only enter through corpses. However, for the seven of them, it wasn't an obstacle at all.
Now, it seemed that they had indeed underestimated this vast storm!
"Dang, dang, dang …"
Seven or eight black Wind Blades shot toward them. At this moment, the giant scythe in the burly man's hand shook slightly. The fiery red giant scythe rolled up and cut the Wind Blades into pieces.
However, it was obvious that the burly man had used eighty to ninety percent of his strength! Under the huge counterforce, the entire Wheel of Eight Trigrams began to shake violently.
Perhaps they weren't afraid of a few Wind Blades, but the Wind Blades in this storm were almost innumerable …
After cutting down a few Wind Blades, there were tens of thousands of green Wind Blades in front of them. There were also thousands of black Wind Blades shooting toward them.
"Qing Feng! What are you waiting for? Hurry up and set up a barrier! "Yu Ze roared.
Qing Feng glared at Yu Ze. He clapped his hands, and a barrier enveloped everyone. Then, he said coldly, "My barrier can't stop the fifth level of the Laws of Wind!"
As soon as his voice fell, a violent knocking sound came from the barrier. Then, everyone saw Qing Feng's barrier suddenly shatter!
Qing Feng's barrier did contain the Laws of Causality, but the Laws of Causality he comprehended were of a lower level. Among the Laws of Heaven, although the Laws of Causality were superior, there were still differences between them. A lower level Law of Causality might not be able to resist a higher level Law of Origin! Moreover, there were so many Wind Blades!
"I can't count on you!" The Onyx Blade in Yu Ze's hand shook slightly. Suddenly, a black aura bloomed from the blade. Then, as he waved it crazily, hundreds of black blade energies shot forward.
"Puff, puff, puff …"
As the Saber Qi and the Wind Blades intertwined, a series of dull sounds erupted. Yu Ze's black Saber Qi was also extremely powerful, but it could only shatter those green Wind Blades. As for the black Wind Blades, they directly ate his Saber Qi!
"Whoosh!"
Several black Wind Blades pierced through Yu Ze's blade energies and rushed toward Luo Zheng at an extremely fast speed!
Seeing this scene, Luo Zheng's eyebrows suddenly rose, and his expression suddenly changed! At this moment, everyone was using their own methods to resist the chaotic blade energies. Luo Zheng couldn't count on these Ultimate God Realm experts.
"Be careful!" Gu Pei 'er noticed this scene. However, she had just dodged three Wind Blades, so she couldn't help Luo Zheng.
Facing the black Wind Blades that were close at hand, Luo Zheng clenched his fists. The power of the dragon scales surged, and he suddenly punched those Wind Blades!
"Idiot, it will directly cut off your hand!" Yu Ze saw this scene and scolded. Even Ultimate God Realm experts like them didn't dare to meet the Wind Blades that had the power of Law at the fifth level. Even if he used the Onyx Blade in his hand, he was afraid that a crack would appear on it. How could Luo Zheng have the courage to meet it head-on?
"Bang bang bang bang bang …"
Luo Zheng didn't pay attention to Yu Ze. He waved his fists, and a huge force exploded above the Wind Blades. Immediately, the black Wind Blades were shattered!
However, Luo Zheng's body didn't suffer any damage.
Seeing this scene, Yu Ze was stunned. At this moment, he even forgot to resist the Wind Blades. He stared blankly at Luo Zheng, and felt that he couldn't understand this guy.
What was this guy's body made of? A Divine Artifact? A Supreme Artifact? Even an existence that surpassed a Supreme Artifact …
As for Gu Pei 'er, Qing Feng, Boss Mo, Ha Peng, and the others, when they were resisting the Wind Blades, they also noticed this scene from the corner of their eyes.
Because Luo Zheng was recognized by the Demi-Immortal Clan, they thought highly of Luo Zheng. However, before they saw whether Luo Zheng really had a title, in their eyes, Luo Zheng was just a talented warrior from the lower realm!
As for Luo Zheng's strength, they didn't even bother to test it …
After all, a 1st level Life and Death Realm warrior wasn't worth the attention of a group of Ultimate God Realm experts.
Not to mention Luo Zheng, even White Brow Daoist, a Ultimate God Realm warrior, wasn't put in their eyes by the seven Demi-Immortal Clan experts. In the Demi-Immortal Clan, every one of them was an elite. Although the human race was powerful, that was only in terms of overall strength. The gap between an ordinary Ultimate God Realm warrior and a Demi-Immortal Clan expert was huge.

Chapter 908
Of course, the seven of them didn't know that Luo Zheng had destroyed eight black wind blades!
About 1,500 miles away from them, on a mountain that was 300 to 400 feet above the sea surface, eight muffled noises were heard.
That mountain was colorful. Even though it had been swept by the terrible storm of the Chaotic Astral Sea for thousands of years, and millions of black wind blades had not left a single mark on it …
This mountain was the Divine Magnetic Mountain that was submerged in the Chaotic Astral Sea!
Most of the Divine Magnetic Mountain was buried under the sea surface, and only a part of it was exposed. No matter how the waves rolled and the wind blades slashed, this extremely sturdy mountain remained unmoved.
This time, Luo Zheng had learned his lesson. When he was fighting against the terrible power at the end of the Heavenly Tribulation, he had transferred all his power to the five million mountains in the Great Thousand World. Except for the Eastern Region, all the other mountains were destroyed!
Luo Zheng didn't want the whole Great Thousand World to be destroyed because of him. After thinking about it, he realized that he was a bit stupid. The Divine Magnetic Mountain was impervious to all things, so he should have transferred the terrible power to it. Unfortunately, the situation was so serious that he didn't think of it.
Now that Luo Zheng had learned his lesson, he wouldn't make the same mistake again.
"Puff, puff, puff, puff …"
The Eight Trigrams Wheel flew forward, and the seven people of the Demi-Immortal Tribe used their own methods to fight against the dense black wind blades.
Boss Mo waved his walking stick and said anxiously, "Qing Feng, we can't go on like this! Show me what you have! "
Hearing Boss Mo's words, Qing Feng gritted his teeth and showed a reluctant expression. "I've used my Seven Stars Plate five times … If I waste it again …"
Qing Feng did have a treasure called the Seven Stars Plate. This Seven Stars Plate was comparable to a Supreme Artifact, but it couldn't be used indefinitely. It could only be used seven times. Over the years, Qing Feng had relied on the Seven Stars Plate to survive several disasters. It could be said that the seven chances of using the Seven Stars Plate were equal to his seven lives!
He really didn't want to waste one of the chances here!
"This Chaotic Astral Ocean is very vast. We don't know how long it will take to cross it. Do you think we can hold on?" Boss Mo said coldly.
Qing Feng rolled his eyes and said reluctantly, "Boss, can't you use the Sacred Blood Secret Technique?"
"Hmph!" Hearing this, Boss Mo's face darkened and he glared at Qing Feng.
Qing Feng reluctantly took out a milky white plate from his Sumeru Space …
Hearing their conversation, Luo Zheng was quite speechless. Everyone was in a crisis, and they were in the same boat, but these guys were still hiding something.
However, this was only because they were skilled and daring. If it were the Spirit Sea Realm warriors from the four Divine Kingdoms, they would have been torn to pieces by these wind blades.
After activating the Seven Star Plate, the black pupils in Qing Feng's eyes emitted rays of dazzling starlight. Although it was broad daylight and there was a heavy storm above his head, there were still seven stars shining brightly in the sky!
Seeing this, Luo Zheng's eyes flashed. The principle of the Seven Star Plate seemed to be similar to the "Star Battle Body" that Red Dragon taught him. However, Luo Zheng's "Star Battle Body" was connected to himself, while Qing Feng connected to the seven stars through the Seven Star Plate in his hand. Moreover, his Seven Star Plate seemed to have a limit on the number of times it could be used.
"Buzz, buzz, buzz …"
A milky white barrier appeared above the Seven Star Plate. After it appeared, the barrier expanded against the wind and quickly spread out in all directions.
In a short while, everyone was shrouded in it!
"Puff, puff, puff, puff, puff …"
Countless wind blades bombarded the milky white barrier, but the barrier was constantly dented. The barrier itself seemed to be very soft, but there was a strong toughness hidden in its softness!
"It's okay. The Seven Star Plate's isolation force is not something that these black wind blades can cut," Qing Feng said helplessly. Although his barrier had blocked these fatal wind blades, he was still very unwilling to use the Seven Star Plate once.
Seeing this, everyone heaved a deep sigh of relief. Whether it was Gu Peier, Yu Ze, or the others, they all showed a trace of relief on their faces.
Boss Mo shook his head and said, "No matter how you look at it, this storm is a little abnormal!"
Qing Feng muttered, "This Great Thousand World is very abnormal!"
Before the Demi-Immortal Clan set off, they had investigated this Great Thousand World. First of all, the ascension passage of this Great Thousand World was destroyed, and it was impossible to ascend to the Upper Realm by normal means. This was only a small problem. Among the millions of Great Thousand Worlds, there were more than one or two whose ascension passages had been destroyed.
Therefore, the seven people did not pay too much attention to it. However, just now, they were chased by the shadow creatures in the void. It was not easy for them to escape, and then they encountered a terrifying storm. No matter how they looked at it, it was abnormal.
Luo Zheng actually agreed with Boss Mo's words. The Chaotic Astral Ocean had existed since ancient times, and because of this storm, it had completely isolated the Central Region from the four Divine Kingdoms. Therefore, although the distance between the two continents wasn't particularly far, but for so many years, there hadn't been much interaction between the two continents. The question was, how did this storm come about? Perhaps no one knew the answer …
"Puff, puff …"
Withstanding the cutting wind blades, the Tai Chi Wheel flew forward steadily.
Boss Mo kept guessing the cause of this storm, but he soon denied it one by one. Finally, Qing Feng said, "No matter how it came about, a storm of this intensity should not appear in a small world!"
Hearing this, Luo Zheng gently shrugged. Until now, Qing Feng was still very arrogant and did not put the Lower Realm in his eyes.
Seeing Luo Zheng's small action, Qing Feng frowned slightly and remembered what had just happened! Compared to this storm, Luo Zheng resisted the black wind blades with his body, which was even more incredible!
"Luo Zheng … How did you break those wind blades? Those black wind blades contained the power of the fifth level of the Law of Wind! "Qing Feng stared at Luo Zheng and asked.
Qing Feng's words immediately reminded the others. Now that Yu Ze and Gu Peier had just calmed down, they all stared at Luo Zheng. Gu Peier also asked with a strange expression, "Yes, Luo Zheng! You just broke those wind blades with your fists, but you are not injured? "
After saying this, Gu Peier directly walked over and reached out to touch Luo Zheng's fists with a curious expression …
Luo Zheng really did not know how to answer this question. He just smiled and said, "It's just a small trick. It's a joke in front of you."
"Humph, if you don't want to say it, just say it," Gu Peier glared at Luo Zheng and said discontentedly.
Luo Zheng smiled and said, "It's really not convenient to say it."
They naturally knew that although Luo Zheng was being modest, he was actually hiding something. However, it was not good for them to interrogate Luo Zheng now. Everyone had their own secrets. Moreover, Luo Zheng was not an enemy to them now. If it was confirmed that Luo Zheng had really obtained a title, no matter what title it was, they would still be comrades in the trenches.
Through the boundary, the crowd looked at the dense wind blades around them and fell silent for a moment. Even Divine Realm experts felt small in front of the ferocious nature. At this moment, Luo Zheng opened his mouth and asked, "Boss Mo, the giant head that followed us in the void just now, what exactly is it?"
Although the windstorm in front of them was powerful, the group of Divine Realm warriors were not too afraid of it. Those wind blades were just a little troublesome, but after using some powerful techniques, they were able to easily block them. Based on the conversation between Qing Feng and Boss Mo, it seemed like they had other methods to deal with this windstorm.
However, when they were chased by that giant head in the void, Boss Mo's face was pale with fright. What in the lower realm could make him so scared?

Chapter 909
These seven people were all Divine Realm powerhouses. In particular, Boss Mo's strength was likely at the peak of the Divine Realm!
Even they had run away as soon as they saw the shadow life forms. Just what was hiding on the other side of this world?
Even Luo Zheng was curious.
Before Boss Mo could answer, Cool Breeze said, "That is the Forsaken God Clan."
"Forsaken God Clan?" Luo Zheng's eyes flashed.
Cool Breeze nodded and said, "They are a race that is spurned by the gods! Although there are many shadow life forms, the largest branch is the Forsaken God Clan! "
"Qingfeng is right." Boss Mo nodded his head. Other than Luo Zheng, the others were also curious. He opened his mouth to speak.
There was a reverse side to the boundless universe. In the entire universe, there was a corresponding reverse side. But compared to the boundless universe, the space of the higher realms was much more stable and difficult to tear apart.
The entire reverse side of the universe was a vast and empty world. Although shadow life forms were rare, the total number of shadow life forms on the entire reverse side of the universe wasn't a small number. And, the Forsaken God Clan held an absolute ruling position among the shadow life forms. Although they couldn't leave the reverse side of the world, they still had a great influence on the entire universe.
"A race spurned by the gods … why would they be spurned by the gods?" Luo Zheng whispered.
Boss Mo smiled and shook his head. He said, "I don't know. Perhaps the World Lords and Empyreans know the reason."
Luo Zheng nodded. But, a very uncomfortable feeling spread from Luo Zheng's heart. It was like a person's body was being invaded by something unknown. A sense of crisis would form in his heart. He asked, "Then why would the Forsaken God Clan enter the boundless universe?"
Luo Zheng also knew where this sense of crisis came from. Ever since he had fused with the will of the boundless universe, Luo Zheng had gradually become one with it. Now that he knew that such a terrifying existence existed on the reverse side of the boundless universe, he naturally felt the same way.
"Well … I don't know. However, I'll report this matter to the Demi-Immortal Clan. As for whether or not they'll be interested in investigating, that's not up to me." Boss Mo looked ahead.
The Forsaken God Clan was mysterious and powerful; it wasn't something that a group of Divine Realm powerhouses could interfere with. Boss Mo's current mission was to find the Exquisite Pagoda.
Luo Zheng nodded slightly. No matter what these shadow creatures wanted to do, he couldn't interfere with them with his current strength. He had to hurry back first …
After burning Ha Peng's blood essence, the Eight Trigrams Wheel's flying speed almost exceeded Luo Zheng's understanding. When the storm had stopped, Luo Zheng had spent several days to cross the entire Chaotic Astral Ocean. This time, however, it only took him four hours!
Four hours later, the Eight Trigrams Wheel rushed out of the huge storm. In front of it, there was a black object slowly rising from the horizon.
Seeing this black object, Luo Zheng's eyes flashed. This was a corner of the Central Domain's continent. He was faintly excited. After wandering the four Divine Kingdoms for nearly half a year, he had finally returned.
Woosh …
The Fish Dragon Sect was the easternmost continent of the Central Domain. It had remained unscathed during the several upheavals of the Central Domain. At this time, many martial artists of the Fish Dragon Sect were cultivating in front of the sect gate.
At this time, everyone saw a tiny black dot on the horizon. It was flying towards them at an extremely terrifying speed, a speed that completely surpassed the scope of their understanding!
From far to near, from near to far, from near to far, from the moment the black dot appeared to the moment it disappeared, only two or three breaths of time had passed. It was truly a flash of light!
"Teacher, what, what was that!?" A young martial artist asked.
"Illusion, do you understand? Illusion! Cultivate properly for me! "An Elder scolded.
"Was it really an illusion? I think I saw it too … "
"That speed, I'm afraid that even the number one person in the Central Domain, Luo Zheng, can't achieve it …"
"It seems that all of us were hallucinating at the same time!"
Ever since Luo Zheng killed Cui Xie, his prestige had reached the peak in the Central Domain. He had replaced Cui Xie as the number one person in the Central Domain. All kinds of stories about Luo Zheng were constantly spreading.
However, during the time that Luo Zheng was away, the Central Domain was not peaceful!
The Void Spirit Sect, which had been destroyed by the Tian Xie Sect, was rebuilt. Although the Void Spirit Sect and Void Sky City were wiped out, some key figures still remained. With the foundation of the Void Spirit Sect, it was not a myth that it could be rebuilt in a short period of time. However, with its vitality damaged, it would be difficult for it to regain its status as a first-tier sect in the Central Domain without settling down for a few hundred years.
In addition to the rebuilding of the Void Spirit Sect, the Poison King, Wu Zhanhe, seemed to be active again. He gathered some of the former members of the Tian Xie Sect and seemed to have a tendency to revive.
After Luo Zheng killed Cui Xie, Wu Zhanhe quickly fled and lived in seclusion again. Wu Zhanhe had hidden in the Yunmeng Swamp for hundreds of years. Perhaps he was tired of living in seclusion. After receiving the news that Luo Zheng had gone to the four Divine Kingdoms, he seemed to be plotting something again.
If Luo Zheng used the will of the Great Wide World, he would be able to find out about these things. After integrating with the will of the Great Wide World, Luo Zheng was in a state of omniscience in the Great Wide World. He only needed a thought to look up any information.
However, Luo Zheng did not use this ability too much. He only occasionally checked on Ning Yudie's recent situation.
Whoosh …
Even in the vast Chaotic Astral Sea, the Eight Trigrams Wheel only used four hours to travel through it. Moreover, the Chaotic Astral Sea could probably accommodate over a hundred central territories. Thus, from entering the central territory to arriving at Heavenly Awakening City, it only took around an incense stick of time!
Standing in the sky above Tianqi City, Boss Mo looked down indifferently and asked, "Is it here?"
Luo Zheng nodded.
Yu Ze said, "Go quickly. We will wait for you!"
Luo Zheng cupped his hands and said, "Since you have come to the Central Domain, why not …"
"No need!" Qing Feng said proudly, "We are not interested in this kind of place."
Boss Mo did not speak. The others also sat cross-legged and half-closed their eyes as if they were asleep.
These guys are really arrogant. I was just being polite. Luo Zheng rolled his eyes and prepared to leave the Wheel of Eight Trigrams.
However, just as Luo Zheng was about to leave the Wheel of Eight Trigrams, he heard Gu Peier say, "Luo Zheng, I will go down with you!"
Yu Ze laughed and said, "Little senior sister, this broken place is far worse than the neighboring Divine Kingdom Continent. What's so good about it?"
"It's none of your business!" Gu Pei 'er snorted coldly, then leaped down with Luo Zheng. Gu Pei' er probably felt that Qing Feng, Yu Ze, and the others had gone overboard, so she even opened her mouth to comfort Luo Zheng. "Don't mind these guys. They were born in the Upper Realm, so they are naturally arrogant!"
Luo Zheng smiled indifferently. He didn't take it to heart at all.
Luo Zheng had seen this kind of arrogance when he first stepped onto the martial path. From Chong Yang County to the Imperial Capital, from the Imperial Capital to the Blue Cloud Sect, from the Blue Cloud Sect to the Cloud Hall, there was no lack of people like this. Therefore, Luo Zheng was already used to it. Although the six guys above were all Divine Realm experts, there was no difference in their arrogance.
Two figures flew down from the sky and headed straight for the Heavenly Stellar Hall!
Through the memories of the Great Thousand World, Luo Zheng knew that Ning Yudie had been in the Heavenly Palace for half a year. This time, he was in a hurry to see Ning Yudie and did not even bother to inform the three Alliance Leaders.
Just as Luo Zheng landed in the Heavenly Palace, hundreds of runes suddenly appeared around the Heavenly Palace …
"Whoosh whoosh whoosh whoosh …"
All the runes emitted light at the same time. Streams of light flew toward Luo Zheng and Gu Peier.
"Are you looking for death?"
Gu Peier did not know. Her face immediately darkened and the flower in her right eye started to spin!
Although the power of these streams of light was not worth mentioning in Gu Peier's eyes, a small mouse could not hurt a lion. However, the consequences of attacking a lion would be very serious.
＝＝＝＝＝

Chapter 910
Seeing that Gu Peier was about to fight back, Luo Zheng quickly waved his hand, "Don't!"
This Extreme God Realm warrior's strength was too horrifying. If a Divine Sea Realm warrior could destroy a mountain range with a wave of his hand, then a Extreme God Realm warrior could destroy this Tianqi City in an instant …
"Swish swish swish …"
Those rays of light shot onto Luo Zheng and Gu Peier, but they didn't cause any harm to them. Luo Zheng had the body of a Divine Tool, and Gu Peier had the Protective True Essence. How could these level three and level four runes hurt them?
"Who is it!"
"The Tianchen Palace is an important place of the World Business Alliance! Trespassers will be the enemy of the World Business Alliance! "
Dozens of figures suddenly appeared in a flash. The person in the lead had a handsome face and his eyes were like stars. He held a curved blade in his hand. However, he was slightly taken aback when he swept his gaze towards Luo Zheng.
Luo Zheng smiled faintly and shouted, "Ao Xiang!"
"Luo, Luo Zheng!" Ao Xiang sized up Luo Zheng a few times. His eyes flashed with surprise, "You're back!"
This wasn't the first time that Luo Zheng had returned. However, last time when Luo Zheng left the Central Domain, there was no news of him. Most people thought that Luo Zheng had died outside. This time, when he went to the four Divine Kingdoms, everyone was worried, but they knew that Luo Zheng would come back sooner or later. They just didn't expect that Luo Zheng could come back so early.
"But … that Chaotic Astral Ocean …"
Now, almost every other week, the World Business Alliance would send back news from the easternmost part of the Central Domain. The storm above the Chaotic Astral Ocean had started several months ago.
This storm was so powerful that it could even block Divine Sea Realm warriors. If the warriors of the Divine Kingdoms wanted to enter the Central Domain, they could only enter the Central Domain when the storm stopped. That was the natural barrier of the Central Domain!
Since the storm had already started, the Central Domain and Scandinavia were completely isolated. How did Luo Zheng come back?
Looking at the curious Ao Xiang, Luo Zheng only smiled faintly and said, "Why is the Heavenly Stellar Hall so heavily guarded?"
Right now, the entire Central Domain should be dominated by the World Business Alliance, and Apocalypse City was the core of the World Business Alliance. Who would dare to barge into Apocalypse City?
Although the World Business Alliance had increased their vigilance against the Heavenly Stellar Hall, they didn't need to be so strict. It was as if they were guarding against someone.
Ao Xiang said, "Brother Luo Zheng, you've been away from the Central Domain for half a year, so there are some things that you don't know. That Wu Zhanhe seems to be unwilling to let the Tian Xie Sect be destroyed. Recently, he seems to be showing signs of resurgence. That's why the Alliance Master gave the order to increase the security forces. I also received the order recently to guard the Tianchen Hall!"
"Wu Zhanhe?" Luo Zheng's brows furrowed slightly.
Previously, outside Apocalypse City, after Luo Zheng killed Cui Xie, Wu Zhanhe fled.
At that time, Luo Zheng was busy treating Ning Yudie and didn't have time to care about this person. Moreover, the entire Central Domain wasn't small. It wasn't easy to find someone hiding. Furthermore, Cui Xie was killed by him. A small Wu Zhanhe couldn't cause any waves, so Luo Zheng didn't continue to pursue him.
He didn't expect that after he left, this guy seemed to be dishonest again …
Unlike before, Luo Zheng had now merged with the will of the Vast Thousand Domains. As long as he was in the Vast Thousand Domains, no matter where Wu Zhanhe hid, Luo Zheng could find him in an instant!
"I know," Luo Zheng sneered, "Let him live for a few more hours!"
Live for a few more hours? What did that mean? Ao Xiang was slightly taken aback.
Ao Xiang was naturally aware of Luo Zheng's abnormal talent. Even if it was only half a year, it was enough for him to advance again. However, even if Luo Zheng stepped into the Life and Death Realm and could kill Wu Zhanhe, it was impossible for him to let Wu Zhanhe live for a few more hours, right? After all, it would take a lot of effort and time to find Wu Zhanhe in the vast Central Domain.
"Whoosh whoosh whoosh …"
At this moment, a few more streams of light flew over!
They were the three leaders of the World Business Alliance!
"Luo Zheng!"
"Brother Luo Zheng!"
"You're back!"
Shi Kefan, Yan Yueshan, Mo Haishan, and the others quickly landed in the Heavenly Palace with smiles on their faces. They trusted Luo Zheng to the extreme. The Life Origin Stones in the Divine Kingdom Continent might be difficult for others to obtain, but for someone with great luck like Luo Zheng, it wouldn't be difficult at all.
With a smile on his face, Luo Zheng nodded in response. In fact, Luo Zheng's heart had already jumped into the Heavenly Palace. However, with these people coming one after another, Luo Zheng had to show the least bit of courtesy.
"Luo Zheng, the one beside you is …"
Shi Kefan, Yan Yueshan, and the others sized up Gu Peier with a look of horror on their faces!
Although they were late stage False Tribulation Realm experts, if the experts didn't conceal their cultivation, they could still recognize them. For example, Situ Haotian and the other Divine Sea Realm experts could feel the difference in cultivation between them and the other party!
But this woman in front of them …
She didn't seem to be in the Life and Death Realm, nor the Divine Sea Realm!
The Divine Sea Realm was already the limit of Shi Kefan and the others' knowledge.
In the Central Domain, there were very few Life and Death Realm experts. Breaking through the Life and Death Realm was equivalent to becoming one of the top experts in the continent. As for the Divine Sea Realm, there had never been one in history! Only on the other side of the Chaotic Astral Ocean, on the Divine Kingdom Continent, there were Divine Sea Realm experts. They were the top experts in the whole wide world and the limit of strength in this world!
However, the three leaders couldn't see through Gu Peier's cultivation. At the same time, they were very sure that this woman didn't conceal her cultivation!
Then what level was she at? Was she an existence that surpassed the Divine Sea Realm? According to the rules of this plane, such a powerful figure shouldn't appear at all?
The three were also guessing in their hearts. This Luo Zheng was indeed too outrageous. The experts he brought back were stronger and stronger. Last time, he brought back a group of Life and Death Realm experts and several Divine Sea Realm experts. This time, it seemed to be even more terrifying!
On their way to the Heavenly Palace, they had already noticed the Eight Trigrams Wheel above their heads, but they didn't dare to approach it!
"Oh, this is one of my …" Luo Zheng thought for a while and didn't know how to introduce Gu Peier. After all, his identity wasn't confirmed by Gu Peier and the others, and Luo Zheng wasn't their "friend".
However, Gu Peier said lightly, "Of course we're friends."
Gu Peier's personality was a bit strange, but her attitude was more proper than the others. Hearing Gu Peier's answer, Luo Zheng nodded slightly and said, "Leader Shi, I'll go in first! I've already got the Life Origin Stone. "
Everyone nodded, but they didn't follow Luo Zheng. Everyone knew the relationship between Luo Zheng and Ning Yudie. The Heavenly Palace was a forbidden area in the Heavenly Awakening City! Apart from Xi Youqin and some maidservants, no one else was allowed to take even half a step inside.
Luo Zheng entered the Heavenly Palace, and Gu Peier followed behind him. There was a servant girl waiting at the door of the Heavenly Palace. Seeing Luo Zheng come in, she said obediently, "Young master Luo, Palace Master Ning is listening to the zither in the garden behind the palace. Please follow me."
"Listening to the zither?" Luo Zheng was slightly surprised, "She's awake?"
The day before yesterday, Luo Zheng had quietly checked on Ning Yudie's recent situation. She was still in a deep sleep, so how could she be listening to the zither?
The servant girl smiled and said, "Young master Luo will know in a moment."
After passing through the Heavenly Palace, there was a wide open backyard. This backyard was filled with all kinds of flowers and grass. On the side, there was a clear pond full of pink lotus flowers. The entire backyard looked peaceful, but Luo Zheng could feel hundreds of defensive runes in the surroundings.
Luo Zheng smiled faintly. After taking two steps, he heard the melodious sound of a zither drifting into his ears.
Not far away, he saw Ning Yudie lying on an elegant bed. She was wearing an ice blue robe and was wearing a casual outfit.
A few steps away, there was a woman dressed in a purple robe. Her slender fingers were vibrating rapidly on the zither strings. This woman's zither skills were exceptionally high. In addition to using her fingers to strum the zither strings, she also supplemented it with True Essence. Therefore, she could burst out with music that ordinary people couldn't.

Chapter 911
The person playing the zither was Xi Youqin.
Ever since Luo Zheng left, Xi Youqin had been immersed in her own thoughts. She didn't ask for a status from Luo Zheng, but staying by Luo Zheng's side was Xi Youqin's deepest obsession.
Even when the Void Spirit Sect was rebuilt, Xi Xiaojie who had disappeared for a long time came to Tianqi City, wanting to bring Xi Youqin back, she rejected him.
She wanted to stay here and wait for Luo Zheng. If Luo Zheng returned, at least she would be able to see Luo Zheng as soon as possible.
However, although Xi Youqin didn't return to the Void Spirit Sect, because of her, the World Business Alliance had put in a lot of effort to help rebuild the Void Spirit Sect.
Firstly, the relationship between the World Business Alliance and the Void Spirit Sect wasn't bad. Secondly, although Xi Youqin was a delicate girl, after awakening the Extreme Purple Yin Body, Xi Youqin's overall strength had skyrocketed!
Although she was still just a Divine Core warrior, with the help of the Extreme Purple Realm, Xi Youqin's overall strength was at least ranked in the top three in the Central Domain …
That day, Xi Youqin summoned countless huge swords and killed countless warriors from the Tian Xie Sect like a black cloud. The scene was still vivid in everyone's mind. In order to fight against the Tian Xie Sect, Luo Zheng was the key figure, and Xi Youqin was the second most important figure!
However, Xi Youqin wasn't famous, and most warriors didn't even know where those huge black swords came from. Therefore, apart from a few mighty warriors, most people didn't know that there was such a woman in the Central Domain.
She stayed in the Heavenly Palace and rarely went out. She was able to endure such peaceful days, but recently, her longing for Luo Zheng had been increasing day by day.
Sometimes, when she was in the mood, she would instruct the servant girls to bring out the unconscious Ning Yudie to bask in the sun. She would then concentrate on playing the zither. Perhaps she would be able to comfort Ning Yudie.
At this time, Xi Youqin heard footsteps behind her. She originally thought it was her maidservant Xiao Qing, so she ordered her to bring the flower tea. However, after she finished speaking, she didn't hear any movement. She slightly strummed the zither strings in her hand and frowned slightly. It was impossible for her Eldest Miss temper to disappear. It was only in front of Luo Zheng that she didn't dare to show it in the slightest. This time, when she didn't hear Xiao Qing's response, she was naturally unhappy.
"Little Blue?" Xi Youqin's voice deepened. She strummed the strings of the zither in her hands. The sound of the strings revealed a hint of irritation. She had been feeling irritable recently because she missed him.
"Still not responding?!" Xi Youqin's frown deepened. She pushed aside the zither beside her and turned around. As her indifferent face swept across the room, the long eyelashes above her eyes suddenly began to tremble like the wings of a bee.
Luo Zheng had a smile on his face. He stared at Xi Youqin.
Xi Youqin pursed her lips. She suddenly took a few steps forward. Those few steps went from slow to fast. She turned into a warm and fragrant jade and threw herself into Luo Zheng's arms.
Half a year of separation was just a snap of a finger for a cultivator. However, this longing had been tormenting her day and night.
However, she didn't close her eyes to enjoy Luo Zheng's broad chest. Her eyes were fixed on Gu Pei 'er behind her.
Xi Youqin was a scheming woman. However, for the sake of Luo Zheng, she was willing to change everything about herself. No matter how many women Luo Zheng had, she wouldn't show any dissatisfaction. However, just because she didn't show any dissatisfaction, it didn't mean she didn't have any thoughts about it. She threw her glance at Gu Pei 'er.
Xi Youqin was only a Divine Core warrior, but she could sense a faint aura emanating from Gu Pei 'er's body. It wasn't an aura that came from the soul, it was an aura unique to some super mighty warriors! She didn't know what kind of heaven-defying strength Gu Pei 'er possessed, but she knew she was very strong.
Whether Gu Pei 'er was strong or not, it had nothing to do with Xi Youqin. She was only willing to be Luo Zheng's little woman.
But this woman in front of her … was she from the four Divine Kingdoms?
She followed him here from the four Divine Kingdoms? Was she Luo Zheng's new lover?
But, why was she looking at Gu Pei 'er like this?
Xi Youqin laid her head on Luo Zheng's shoulder, and stared into Gu Pei 'er's eyes. There was no such thing as a generous woman in this world. Even though Xi Youqin had taken the initiative to take care of Ning Yudie, she still felt jealous of Ning Yudie from time to time. She would rather be in a deep sleep like her, while Luo Zheng was running around for her …
But, the way Gu Pei 'er looked at her was a strange one, as if a man was looking at a beautiful woman. At this moment, Xi Youqin was confused. What was the meaning of this?
Xi Youqin didn't know that Gu Pei 'er's sexual orientation was problematic. When she looked at Xi Youqin, she was actually looking at Xi Youqin from a man's point of view …
Being stared at like this by Gu Pei 'er, Xi Youqin suddenly felt uncomfortable. She glared fiercely at Gu Pei' er, then brushed her hair to the side. She breathed out a warm breath at Luo Zheng, and hugged Luo Zheng tightly.
Seeing the woman's actions, Gu Pei 'er burst into laughter that sounded like silver bells.
Luo Zheng gently stroked Xi Youqin's hair, then turned his head and asked curiously, "What are you laughing at?"
Gu Pei 'er laughed mischievously, "Nothing, I just think that your woman is very interesting."
Thinking about Gu Pei 'er's strange hobby, Luo Zheng couldn't help but roll his eyes. He helped Xi Youqin away, then said to Xi Youqin, "I'll treat Ning Yudie first."
"En!" Xi Youqin nodded, then stepped aside. Luo Zheng then walked towards Ning Yudie.
Ever since her life force was sucked dry by the Wind of Life and Death, Ning Yudie had been in a deep sleep. Although the maids in the Heavenly Palace had taken good care of her, after her life force dried up, Ning Yudie's appearance was still very haggard.
Gu Pei 'er slowly walked over, then looked at Ning Yudie and asked, "So when you said that someone was waiting for you to treat them, it was this woman?"
Luo Zheng nodded.
Gu Pei 'er glanced at her, then said, "This woman's life force has actually completely dried up!" She carefully looked at her a few more times, then said, "It's a very strange phenomenon. It hasn't completely dried up, only a little remains. However, this kind of phenomenon would only appear when one's life force is nearing its end. However, this woman's age isn't very old … It's very strange!"
A person was like a bowl, and the bowl was filled to the brim with life force. As a person matured, the life force would constantly be consumed, and at the same time, it would also be slowly replenished.
However, after the Five Decay of the Heavenly Being, the life force would begin to be consumed continuously, and at the same time, it could not be replenished. Even through the use of life crystals, it could not be replenished, because the bowl was already broken …
Ning Yudie had not entered the Divine Sea Realm, so she would not experience the Five Decay of the Heavenly Being. However, the life force in the bowl would only dry up when an ordinary warrior's life force was nearing its end. For this to happen at such a young age, Gu Pei 'er was indeed puzzled.
Hearing her words, Luo Zheng said, "Her life force was taken away by the Wind of Life and Death on the Yellow Springs River."
"Wind of Life and Death?" Gu Pei 'er blinked her eyes, then said with a smile, "Are you kidding? The Wind of Life and Death contains the law of causality, and indeed, it directly erodes life force. It's almost certain death. How could this woman preserve her life? And … in your realm, you can even get the Wind of Life and Death from the Yellow Springs! "
"It's a secret," Ning Yudie was able to survive because of the Heavenly Dao Fragment, which contained the law of causality in the Wind of Life and Death. Of course, Luo Zheng would not explain too much to Gu Pei 'er. At this time, he took out a life crystal in his hand!
This life crystal was almost completely condensed from life force, and was almost completely different from the life origin stone!
Seeing the life origin stone in Luo Zheng's hand, Gu Pei 'er's eyes suddenly lit up, "You have such a good thing!"
Not only Gu Pei 'er, when Luo Zheng took out the life crystal, everyone felt a strong life force, including the three alliance leaders waiting outside the Heavenly Palace, and all the maidservants in the Heavenly Palace.
Even in the Upper Realm, this life crystal was a relatively rare thing. However, Gu Pei 'er originally wanted to say that it was too wasteful to use it like this, but thinking that it was Luo Zheng who got it himself, she did not have the right to say anything.
It was as if what Luo Zheng held in his hand was not a piece of ore, but a little guy full of life force, releasing a strong life force in all directions.
He put the life crystal on Ning Yudie's face, and gently pinched it with his hand. The surface of the life crystal gently shattered, and then Luo Zheng's hand withdrew like lightning. This life force was like a living thing, and would drill into the creatures closest to it. Luo Zheng was afraid that the life force would drill into his hand.
A strong life force gently floated above Ning Yudie, twisting into various irregular shapes.
After about a breath's time, this strong life force suddenly soaked into Ning Yudie's thin lips.

Chapter 912
After the life force was drained, although Ning Yudie's appearance did not change, anyone who had seen Ning Yudie could feel that her aura was very weak. The remaining life force was only enough to keep her in a deep sleep.
As the life force continued to soak in, Ning Yudie's originally haggard and pale complexion began to change.
The paleness began to gradually fade away, and dark red blood appeared on his face. His cheeks, in particular, were gradually dyed with a layer of red. It was as if he had drunk wine, or as if he had applied rouge. At a glance, he looked extremely beautiful.
Xi Youqin and Gu Peier could also feel that the life force in Ning Yudie's body was rapidly filling up. It was like a piece of wood that was about to wither suddenly burst with a strong life force. New buds began to sprout, and roots began to spread, giving people a feeling of vitality!
After using up a life crystal, Luo Zheng stared at Ning Yudie, his eyes full of nervousness.
"She hasn't woken up?"
Luo Zheng's eyes gradually sank. Luo Zheng's biggest motive for going to Divine Kingdom was to save Ning Yudie, and he had pinned all his hopes on this life force.
Looking at it, the life force had definitely taken effect, so why hadn't Ning Yudie woken up yet?
"Luo Zheng …"
Seeing Luo Zheng's ugly complexion, Xi Youqin called out from the side. Luo Zheng was like an iron statue, standing motionless in place.
Gu Peier also revealed a slightly surprised expression. She had previously investigated this woman. Her life force had only been emptied by the wind of life and death, and her body had then activated its self-protection mechanism, forcing herself to fall into a deep sleep. Only in this way could she save the remaining trace of life force to the greatest extent.
The flower in her right eye turned slightly, and an invisible perception spread out. Soon, a smile appeared on her face. Her Innate Skill was the flower in her right eye, and her perception of the soul was far more sensitive than other cultivators of the same level. Earlier on, when she had investigated, Gu Pei 'er had already sensed that the woman lying on the bed had already awoken …
'This fellow's women are quite interesting,' Gu Pei 'er commented in her heart. Then, the corners of her mouth gently moved, and she sent a true essence sound transmission to Luo Zheng, "Hey, your woman has woken up."
"What?" Hearing Ning Yudie's words, Luo Zheng's heart suddenly surged. But when he saw that Luo Zheng was lying motionless with her eyes closed, pretending to be asleep, he felt both angry and amused. Ning Yudie's temperament was very changeable. When she was pretending to be the Temple Master, she was solemn and determined, but most of the time, she was like a child.
After Luo Zheng's eyes turned, he waved his hand and sighed, "She hasn't woken up yet, let's go out first!"
Xi Youqin didn't know what was going on, so she looked at Luo Zheng with a puzzled expression. Gu Pei 'er smiled faintly and patted Xi Youqin's shoulder, "You're right, let's go out first!"
But when Xi Youqin was patted by Gu Pei 'er, it was as if she had been bitten by a scorpion. She immediately moved a few steps away, maintaining a considerable distance from Gu Pei' er, and glared at her fiercely.
Gu Pei 'er didn't care at all, and just chuckled twice. Then, the three of them left the courtyard.
Just after Luo Zheng and the others left, Ning Yudie's fingers trembled slightly. If an ordinary mortal slept like this for several months, their bodily functions would be affected, and they wouldn't be able to walk for a while. Because their eyes would be closed for a long time, they wouldn't be able to withstand the sunlight and wouldn't be able to see anything.
But for Ning Yudie, who had already stepped into the Life and Death Realm, it wasn't a big deal. After all, it was common for cultivators to cultivate in seclusion for eight to ten years. After cultivating to this stage, the structure and functions of one's body had long been pulled apart from that of ordinary people.
After her fingers trembled, her figure floated to the side. Her figure was originally very petite, and she was wearing an ice blue palace dress. The ribbon of the dress fluttered with her figure, like a blue ice flower dancing in the cold wind.
After her feet touched the ground, a sly smile appeared on her face, and she carefully walked towards the Heavenly Stellar Hall. But before she could enter the Heavenly Stellar Hall, a figure suddenly drilled out, and firmly embraced her like an iron hoop!
"Ah!"
Ning Yudie let out a scream. She didn't release her perception, otherwise, Luo Zheng, who was hiding behind a pillar, would have been discovered by her. Luo Zheng's sudden appearance gave her a fright.
The two hugged each other tightly, completely forgetting everything around them. Luo Zheng didn't say anything, tilted his head, and kissed her!
Ning Yudie was shorter than Luo Zheng by more than a head. Her petite figure was lifted up by Luo Zheng, and it was difficult for her feet to even touch the ground. Under such a kiss, she was unwilling to circulate her True Qi to support her body. Her white and delicate feet could only be stretched out like a bow, and the tips of her feet touched the cold ground. For ordinary people, maintaining this posture for a few breaths would cause their feet to ache unbearably. Of course, Ning Yudie was a Life and Death Realm master.
Thus, her feet were tightly stretched, and she maintained this posture for half an incense stick's worth of time …
Xi Youqin and Gu Pei 'er, who were standing in the Heavenly Stellar Hall, quietly watched the scene outside.
Xi Youqin's mood was as if all kinds of spices had been smashed, and she had mixed feelings. During this period of time, she had repeatedly reminded herself of her status in Luo Zheng's eyes. She was very clear that in Luo Zheng's heart, Ning Yudie's weight was much higher than her own. Being jealous of Ning Yudie was undoubtedly an extremely unclear choice. Thus, she had calmed down and stayed in the Heavenly Stellar Hall to take care of Ning Yudie with the other maidservants.
Under such an adjustment, Xi Youqin felt that her state of mind was already very relaxed. She had treated Ning Yudie as her elder sister, and they had taken care of Luo Zheng together.
But now, Xi Youqin discovered how weak and laughable her way of thinking was. For a woman to overcome her jealousy, it should be more difficult than for a man to overcome his lust …
Gu Pei 'er could feel Xi Youqin's emotional fluctuations. All of her emotions were emitted from the fluctuations of her soul. Through the flower in her right eye, everyone's soul seemed to be naked, and was displayed in front of Gu Pei' er's eyes.
She turned her head and glanced at Xi Youqin. With a smile on her face, she said, "Men are all like this. Not a single one of them is good, right?"
Xi Youqin glanced at Gu Pei 'er. Although Gu Pei' er was also a living beauty, and ignoring the strange flower in her right eye, her appearance and temperament were definitely not below hers, she still had a natural resistance towards Gu Pei 'er.
"Hmph, not a single man is good. Luo Zheng is an exception," Xi Youqin retorted.
Gu Pei 'er chuckled and said, "Indeed, this brat is indeed very outstanding. However, in the end, he is still unreliable. Why not …" Gu Pei' er looked at Xi Youqin again.
"Why not what?" Xi Youqin was slightly stunned.
"You might as well follow me!" Gu Pei 'er chuckled.
When Xi Youqin heard this, she fiercely glared at Gu Pei 'er, but for the first time, she scolded, "Crazy!"
Luo Zheng and Ning Yudie kissed like this for a long time before separating. After separating, Ning Yudie stared at Luo Zheng, who was right in front of her, with a faint smile on her face. However, she quickly thought of something, and her face revealed a worried expression. She then asked, "Then Cui Xie …"
After being hit by the Wind of Life and Death, Ning Yudie was in a state of coma. She was completely unaware of how long she had been unconscious, and the situation with the Tian Xie Sect. Although she saw that Luo Zheng was standing in front of her, she still couldn't help but worry.
"Dead. I killed him!" Luo Zheng immediately replied.
Ning Yudie nodded. Since Luo Zheng was standing in front of her, the possibility of Cui Xie's defeat was very high. However, she couldn't figure out how Luo Zheng defeated Cui Xie and how he killed Cui Xie.
Luo Zheng gave a brief account of what happened after Ning Yudie fell asleep. As for the matter of him going to God's Kingdom to look for the Origin Stone of Life, he only briefly mentioned it.
Although Luo Zheng concealed the various hardships in God's Kingdom, how could Ning Yudie not guess? She reclined on Luo Zheng's chest, and from time to time asked for details. Luo Zheng could only answer truthfully. She used her finger to gently draw circles on Luo Zheng's chest, and no one knew what she was thinking.
＝＝＝＝＝

Chapter 913
When they talked about the dangers, Ning Yudie's slender fingers flickered with True Essence. Streaks of ice-blue cold air directly penetrated Luo Zheng's clothes and hit his chest.
This kind of cold air naturally couldn't hurt Luo Zheng, but it was cold and piercing. Luo Zheng didn't use True Essence to resist it, but he could still feel the bone-piercing cold. She seemed to be using this method to remind Luo Zheng that he shouldn't take such a risk …
The two of them completely forgot about themselves as they talked like this. It was as if they had forgotten about time, and an hour quietly passed.
At this moment, the sound of "Caw! Caw! Caw caw caw! "A furry figure descended from the sky at lightning speed.
This little thing was born with the ability to fly. It could even ignore the restrictions of the fifth layer's spatial laws and directly jump out of the "refracted" space.
It was just that it had only been born for a very short period of time. Although it was born with the ability to fly, it didn't have a good grasp of the distance. Therefore, it didn't have a good grasp of the speed of its descent. Like a meteorite, it directly smashed into the ground, creating a not small pit.
Ning Yudie frowned. After being suddenly disturbed, she naturally wasn't happy. She angrily looked at the little thing in the pit. "What is this?"
"Caw! Caw!"
This Ancestral Dragon was originally placed on the Eight Trigrams Wheel. Probably because it was separated from Luo Zheng for too long, it became unhappy and jumped down from the Eight Trigrams Wheel.
It shook its head vigorously, and the mud on its body immediately disappeared. Then, it pounced towards Luo Zheng!
At this time, Luo Zheng, who was originally half-hugging Ning Yudie, directly pushed Ning Yudie to the side. Its mouth even made "caw! Caw! Caw!" sounds, as if it was protesting against Ning Yudie!
Seeing this scene, Luo Zheng was both angry and amused. Although he had obtained this little dragon, he didn't have much time to communicate with this little guy on the way back from the Heavenly Holy Land to the Central Domain. He didn't expect it to be jealous …
This Ancestral Dragon's body was already imprinted with Luo Zheng's imprint. It regarded Luo Zheng as its only relative. In its mind, it naturally wouldn't allow others to get close to Luo Zheng. Only it could.
However, Ning Yudie didn't seem to be convinced that she was disturbed by this guy. The Ancestral Dragon's appearance was very strange. It looked more like a seahorse than anything else. Ning Yudie didn't recognize that it was a dragon, so she reached out to push it aside.
However, the moment Ning Yudie reached out her hand, the little guy finally got angry.
"Caw!"
The little guy's voice suddenly became sharp. A very unique power suddenly erupted from its body.
Even Ning Yudie retreated several steps under the pressure of this power. This little guy's hostility caused Ning Yudie to feel a sense of fear and trepidation!
It wasn't just Ning Yudie. Xi Youqin, who was standing not far away, and the people waiting outside the Heavenly Holy Hall, also felt a sharp aura. This aura didn't seem to come from a human, but it felt like it belonged to a ruler!
Only Gu Pei Er's expression remained indifferent. Although the Ancestral Dragon's dragon aura was powerful, this Ancestral Dragon had just hatched. Moreover, Gu Pei Er was proficient in soul techniques. It didn't affect her in the slightest.
Seeing Ning Yudie and Xi Youqin's faces turn pale, the flower in Gu Pei Er's right eye turned slightly. She reached out her hand, and a faint halo floated out. It enveloped the Ancestral Dragon. The faint halo directly imprisoned the Ancestral Dragon's aura. At this time, Xi Youqin and Ning Yudie felt a little better.
Gu Pei Er said, "Although this dragon has just been born, it's still very dangerous. Especially since its intelligence hasn't fully awakened. Right now, it only has the intelligence of a three year old child. Don't provoke this guy."
Luo Zheng hugged the Ancestral Dragon in his hands. He glared fiercely at this little guy. He still hadn't thought of how to deal with this little guy. He'd wait until everything was over, then he'd see how Qinglong would deal with it.
"Dragon? You're saying this is a dragon? "Ning Yudie stared at the little guy. She couldn't tell that this little guy was actually a dragon!
Luo Zheng didn't deny it. He nodded. The Ancestral Dragon seemed to understand Ning Yudie's words. It made a "gugu" sound at Ning Yudie, revealing a strong hostility!
"Whether it's a dragon or not, it looks so cute," Xi Youqin said with a smile.
"Gugu!"
The Ancestral Dragon seemed to be able to understand everyone's words. It could even accurately distinguish their intentions. Perhaps it was because Xi Youqin praised it. After a strange sound, it actually left Luo Zheng's arms and pounced on Xi Youqin. It used its soft tongue to lick Xi Youqin very intimately.
Seeing this scene, Luo Zheng's face was full of confusion. He didn't know why this little guy would treat it so differently …
Ning Yudie pursed her lips and glared fiercely at the Ancestral Dragon, but her eyes soon fell on Gu Pei Er. This woman had just casually made a move, but she was able to restrain the little dragon's aura. Such a move showed that her attainments were extraordinary! She couldn't see what method this woman used!
Under such observation, the surprise in Ning Yudie's eyes became more intense. She couldn't see through this woman's cultivation!
She had already entered the Life and Death Realm. She could even distinguish the cultivation of a Divine Sea Realm expert. However, she felt that the True Yuan emitted by this woman was purer and more condensed than that of a Divine Sea Realm expert!
"Luo Zheng, this is …" Ning Yudie asked immediately.
Luo Zheng said, "She's the one I just told you about. She's from the Demi-Immortal Tribe. The seven of them also came to the Central Domain."
"Why did you come to the Central Domain?" Ning Yudie asked again.
Luo Zheng shook his head and smiled, "This time, I'm going to return to the Central Domain. I might only stay for a short while. I'll leave in a few days."
This time, Luo Zheng returned to the Central Domain with the Demi-Immortal Tribe. It was Gu Pei 'er who helped Luo Zheng persuade the Demi-Immortal Tribe. Otherwise, the Demi-Immortal Tribe would have directly taken Luo Zheng to the Sea God Continent to search for the Tower of Sin.
"You're leaving again!"
Xi Youqin and Ning Yudie's voices rang out at the same time. They didn't expect Luo Zheng to leave again after staying in Heaven Awaken City for less than half a day.
Luo Zheng nodded, "Yes, but I'll be back as soon as possible …"
At that moment, an impatient voice rang out from outside the Heavenly Palace, "Luo Zheng, I've given you enough time!"
It was the voice of Yu Ze from the Demi-Immortal Tribe!
Luo Zheng frowned and lowered his voice. Then, he led Ning Yudie and the others out of the Heavenly Palace's main hall.
At the main entrance of the Heavenly Palace, Shi Kefan and the others were cautiously looking at the Eight Trigrams Wheel not far away. The Eight Trigrams Wheel rotated slowly, and there were six people standing on it. There was also a woman lying on one side of the Eight Trigrams Wheel. She was Feng Nianyun from the Dragon Bloodline Tribe.
Whether it was the six people standing or the woman lying on the ground, their cultivations were unfathomable. The aura emitted by any one of them far surpassed that of a Divine Sea Realm expert!
Yan Yueshan and the others smiled bitterly. The people Luo Zheng brought back were more and more terrifying. But the worst thing was that these people didn't seem to be friendly to Luo Zheng either! For people like them, any one of them could destroy the entire Central Domain with a wave of their hand. Angering them was definitely not a wise thing to do.
However, these people all had unfriendly expressions on their faces. Even if Shi Kefan was very good at talking, he couldn't find a chance to speak at all. There was no other way. The difference in strength was too great, and he often lost the right to talk.
Facing Yu Ze's cold face, Luo Zheng's expression was indifferent. He said, "It's only been two hours. Is your time so tight?"
"Hmph, my time isn't tight, but there's no need to waste it on you," Yu Ze replied with a cold snort.
Luo Zheng smiled faintly. His gaze went past Yu Ze, and he cupped his hands towards Boss Mo, who was not far away, and said, "Boss Mo, thank you for sending me back to the Central Domain. But before we depart, I have something to do! Please lend me your Eight Trigrams Wheel. "

Chapter 914
Yu Ze's face was full of dissatisfaction, but Boss Mo said, "There's no need to rush these few hours. But Luo Zheng, what's the point of borrowing this Eight Trigrams Wheel?"
Luo Zheng smiled and said, "I have an enemy in the world. He's hiding in the Central Domain. I want to kill him before we depart!"
Hearing Luo Zheng's words, Shi Kefan, Yan Yueshan, and the others were all surprised. Luo Zheng wanted to kill Wu Zhanhe now?
However, although Wu Zhanhe was accumulating power, he wasn't as arrogant as Cui Xie. He was also cautious. Even if the World Business Alliance's intelligence network was the best in the Central Domain, they wouldn't be able to find him in a short time!
And these people who surpassed the Divine Sea Realm didn't seem to have good tempers. They were already impatient from waiting. What if he angered them? It seemed that their relationship with Luo Zheng wasn't good either …
Therefore, Shi Kefan couldn't help but remind Luo Zheng, "Brother Luo Zheng, that Wu Zhanhe is cunning and has three burrows. We won't be able to find him in a short time. If he knows that you've returned to the Central Domain, he won't dare to show himself. There's no need to rush …"
Luo Zheng waved his hand at Shi Kefan. How could he allow others to sleep beside him? If Wu Zhanhe stayed in seclusion and was a peaceful hermit, Luo Zheng might have let him go. After all, Luo Zheng wasn't good at killing. He believed that the main evils must be eliminated. If the others weren't unforgivable, Luo Zheng would have let them go.
But since this guy didn't know what was good for him and tried to restore the strength of the Tian Xie Sect while he was away from the Central Domain, then he couldn't blame himself.
"Oh, so it's such a small matter. It won't take much time." Boss Mo nodded and said, "Point out the direction. I'll let Ha Peng control the Eight Trigrams Wheel and go with you."
Yu Ze's face was full of indignation. In Yu Ze's opinion, if Luo Zheng was really outstanding, then it would be fine, but this guy was most likely a swindler. Not to mention, his cultivation base was only at the Life and Death realm. How could he have the face to order them around? In other words, Yuze felt that Luo Zheng was not qualified.
Luo Zheng didn't look at Yu Ze's face, and said to Boss Mo, "Thank you, Boss Mo!"
Then Luo Zheng turned to Ning Yudie and Xi Youqin and said, "I'll be back soon!"
"But Luo Zheng, that Wu Zhanhe …" Shi Kefan was still worried.
Luo Zheng smiled faintly and said, "Chief Shi, I know what I'm doing."
After Ancestral Gragon left Xi Youqin's arms and jumped into Luo Zheng's, Luo Zheng stepped onto the Eight Trigrams Wheel.
Although the Central Domain wasn't big, with Luo Zheng's speed, it would take him two to three days to kill Wu Zhanhe. If he relied on the Eight Trigrams Wheel's speed, it would take him less than an hour to cross the Central Domain.
After stepping onto the Eight Trigrams Wheel, Luo Zheng thought and the memories in his mind appeared.
The memories of the entire Vast Thousand World covered everything in this world, including all the continents, all the oceans, all the skies, every bird, every baby. Moreover, the memories were from the moment the ancient world was born until now!
With this investigation, Luo Zheng locked onto Ha Peng's position. "So you're here." Luo Zheng's eyes flashed slightly, and he told Ha Peng the location.
As the Eight Trigrams Wheel rotated gently, Luo Zheng and the others began to rise slowly, and then suddenly accelerated. Like a shooting star, they turned into a straight line and disappeared into the horizon in a breath's time.
"This speed …" Shi Kefan looked at the disappearing Eight Trigrams Wheel and sighed.
Yan Yueshan also shook his head. "Luo Zheng's level of contact is no longer at a level that we can understand."
Only three years ago, Luo Zheng was just a new star born in the Central Domain, but now, Luo Zheng had become an existence that they could only look up to, or even look up to.
However, Ning Yudie said with a smile, "But Luo Zheng is still Luo Zheng, isn't he?"
Hearing this, the three Alliance Masters nodded at the same time. When Luo Zheng was in the middle stage of False Tribulation Realm, he could already kill Cui Xie. Now that he had broken through the Life and Death Realm, his strength was even more unfathomable. However, he still didn't show the slightest bit of unfamiliarity, nor did he show the slightest bit of arrogance. It could only be said that it was a great blessing for them to be friends with Luo Zheng.
South of the Central Domain, Heaven Qin Mountain.
South Heaven Qin Mountain was a famous mountain in the Central Domain, but not long ago, all the mountains in the Central Domain were annihilated in an instant …
Naturally, the South Heaven Qin Mountain was not spared. After the mountain was annihilated, a tributary of the Rain River spread out and flooded the area, turning it into a swamp.
Looking at this swamp, Wu Zhanhe's eyes revealed a trace of resentment.
In the past, he had lived in seclusion in the Cloud Dream Swamp for hundreds of years. He had long since grown tired of this kind of life. Later, he followed Cui Xie and established the Tian Xie Sect with great difficulty, but it was destroyed by that brat Luo Zheng alone! And Cui Xie was actually killed by Luo Zheng.
At that time, Wu Zhanhe was indeed scared witless, which was why he fled. Now that he thought about it, his temperament was still too steady and cautious. It could even be described as cowardly. He had missed a great opportunity to kill Luo Zheng!
Ning Yudie had been hit by the Wind of Life and Death, and was already in a state of certain death. And that ancient tycoon of the World Business Alliance had also been killed by Cui Xie. As for the three Alliance Masters, there was nothing to be afraid of. As long as he killed Luo Zheng, who in the Central Domain would be able to resist him, Wu Zhanhe?
Wouldn't he be able to establish his own Divine Kingdom, unify the entire Central Domain, and become the first Divine Kingdom King in thousands of years?
After escaping from Tianqi City, this unwillingness was like a worm, constantly gnawing at Wu Zhanhe's heart of martial arts. However, there was no medicine for regret. After missing this opportunity, it would be very difficult to find another one.
But after learning that Luo Zheng had left the Central Domain, Wu Zhanhe was ready to make a move.
Although the three fat men were powerful together, in the end, they couldn't do anything to him. If he were to establish a new Tian Xie Sect, what could Tianqi City use to resist him?
Once this idea hatched, it would be difficult to suppress it. Luo Zheng had gone to the Divine Kingdom Continent, where experts were as common as clouds, and the possibility of him not returning was even greater. For Wu Zhanhe, this was probably his second chance.
He had already wasted one chance, and he really didn't want to waste a second one. In the end, he still took this step.
During this period of time, Wu Zhanhe had constantly sent people to spy on the situation in Tianqi City. The only Life and Death expert in Tianqi City was Ning Yudie, but that woman seemed to have fallen into a deep sleep. If it were Cui Xie, he would have directly killed his way into Tianqi City.
However, Wu Zhanhe's character was originally more conservative and careful. He was afraid that there was a trap, and planned to send people to assassinate Ning Yudie.
But the Tianchen Hall was heavily guarded, and so far, he hadn't made a move.
Today, Wu Zhanhe had gathered some of the old members of the Tian Xie Sect to discuss this problem.
At this moment, he suddenly saw a thin line appear in the sky. The moment that thin line appeared, it shot towards him at an extremely fast speed. Its speed was almost indescribable!
"What is that?" Wu Zhanhe's eyelids twitched. He didn't know why, but he had a bad premonition in his heart. But he couldn't tell where this premonition came from.
Several subordinates of the Tian Xie Sect heard Wu Zhanhe's words and raised their heads to look.
"It's a natural phenomenon!"
"Could it be that some secret treasure has appeared?"
"Should we fly up and take a look?"
Everyone couldn't tell the origin of the thin line, and each of them had a strange look on their faces.
However, in the process of flying, the thin line actually changed its direction slightly. This time, it actually went straight for Wu Zhanhe's group.
Wu Zhanhe's eyes widened, and a sense of crisis directly emerged from the depths of his soul. Although he still couldn't see clearly what it was, it was definitely not a good thing for him. This was what Wu Zhanhe thought at this moment.
From the appearance of the Eight Trigrams Wheel to the front of Wu Zhanhe's group, it only took two breaths of time. Then, it steadily stopped and began to slowly descend.

Chapter 915
"Luo, Luo, Luo … It's Luo Zheng!"
One of Wu Zhanhe's subordinates reminded him while trembling with fear.
But did Wu Zhanhe need him to remind him?
In fact, the only person these Lascivious Sect members were afraid of was Luo Zheng. The image of Luo Zheng killing Cui Xie that day was like a nightmare that lingered in their minds. The impression it left was too deep, and they would probably never be able to erase it in their lifetime.
Although Wu Zhanhe was extremely nervous, his mind was spinning rapidly. He first sized up Luo Zheng and found that Luo Zheng had already broken through to the Life and Death Realm!
First level of Life and Death Realm. Fortunately …
Even so, he still had a chance to escape. Since Luo Zheng had returned to the Central Domain, then he could choose to leave the Central Domain and flee overseas, never setting foot in the Central Domain again.
But when Wu Zhanhe glanced at the few people beside Luo Zheng, his face turned even uglier. His face revealed an incomparable look of despair.
He couldn't see through the strength of these people at all. This could only mean one thing: the difference between him and them wasn't as small as a whole realm. A bitter taste spread out from Wu Zhanhe's mouth. Even the most poisonous poison he refined wasn't this bitter.
"Is this the person? Do you need help? If you want to kill him, then kill him quickly. One slash is enough. "Yu Ze raised the black blade in his hand and glanced at Wu Zhanhe indifferently.
As for Qing Feng and the others, they closed their eyes and focused on cultivation. They couldn't be bothered to pay attention to a Life and Death Realm warrior from the lower realm. This kind of person was no different from an ant in their eyes. Who would be curious about an ant?
Luo Zheng shook his head. Of course, he knew that Yu Ze didn't want to help him. He just didn't want to waste time here. "I'll deal with this person myself."
At this moment, Wu Zhanhe suddenly took out two black beads from his hand. Although Wu Zhanhe was in despair, there was still a desire to live in his heart. Seeing that Luo Zheng was about to attack, Wu Zhanhe's Zhen Yuan suddenly gushed out.
At the same time, he crushed the two black beads in his hand. The black beads emitted a black poisonous mist, and the agitated Zhen Yuan instantly dispersed the poisonous mist!
"Monarch! Ah … "
"How could you …"
"I … I …"
The subordinates beside Wu Zhanhe didn't expect that Wu Zhanhe would directly activate the black beads at this moment.. The poisonous mist was extremely poisonous, and the faces of the surrounding Void Tribulation realm warriors turned black, and they instantly died.
Whoosh …
Using the cover of the poisonous fog, Wu Zhanhe turned into a streak of light and shot backwards.
"He didn't chase! There is still a glimmer of Hope! " Hope was still a Peipei was was, Peiqiu, Pee, Peipeon Pee's, Pee, Pee..
Gu Pei 'er was sitting on the Eight Trigrams Wheel. At this moment, she turned around and reminded him, "He's running away!"
Luo Zheng nodded, but responded, "I'm fine!"
After saying that, Luo Zheng took out a dark golden longbow from his hand, and at the same time, took out a black arrow from the quiver.
"Oh? A semi-divine bow, and a divine arrow, "Yu Ze said in a strange tone, not knowing whether it was envy or ridicule.
As for Qing Feng, he opened his eyes slightly and glanced at it, then closed his eyes again and didn't say anything. Divine weapons were rare in the Upper Realm, but Luo Zheng's bow was only a semi-divine weapon. The black arrow had the power of a divine weapon, but it was a consumable, so they didn't put it in their eyes.
After obtaining this bow, this was the first time Luo Zheng was trying it out. After all, as long as they were in the Greater Thousand World, there was no way Wu Zhanhe could escape his lock. Luo Zheng was indeed using him as a target.
The moment Luo Zheng put the arrow on the bow, he seemed to have a telepathic connection with the black arrow. It was as if the black arrow could understand Luo Zheng's intentions, and Luo Zheng could control the black arrow.
"This divine weapon can communicate with people's minds?" Luo Zheng thought curiously.
So far, the best weapon Luo Zheng had obtained was only this dark golden bow, but it was only a semi-divine weapon. As for a divine longsword, Luo Zheng wanted to have one, but it was a little difficult now. He estimated that he could only find one in the Upper Realm.
"Draw the bow!"
Weng …
Under Luo Zheng's pull, the bowstring emitted a faint humming sound. To draw the bow, Luo Zheng had used up nearly 200 dragon scales!
In front of him, Luo Zheng's line of sight was blocked by a cloud of black poisonous fog, and he could not see Wu Zhanhe's figure clearly with his naked eyes. He had just shot out like that, and he did not know how far he had escaped. But with a thought, Luo Zheng closed his eyes.
He directly searched for Wu Zhanhe's location through the will of the Upper Realm in his mind!
"Found it …" He said in a low voice, and then his fingers gently loosened.
Whoosh —
The black arrow shot out at this moment, directly piercing through the dense poisonous fog.
The black arrow's speed wasn't particularly fast at the beginning, about the same as the speed of an ordinary Divine Sea Realm expert at full speed.
However, when the black arrow shot out, Luo Zheng still felt that he was in a state of mind with the arrow. He felt that the black arrow seemed to contain three divine runes, and as long as he willed it, the divine runes would be activated!
Thinking of this, Luo Zheng's mind was stirred.
"Pa!"
A crisp explosion came from afar.
When this sound came, the black arrow's speed suddenly doubled!
"Explode again!"
"Pa!"
The black arrow's speed increased again. The faster the arrow was, the more powerful it was!
"Explode again!"
"Pa!"
At this time, the black arrow's speed had reached its limit. At this speed, even a Divine Sea Realm expert couldn't dodge it. Even when Luo Zheng controlled Feng Nianyun's body, he could only barely dodge it!
And Wu Zhanhe was just a Life and Death Realm warrior …
At this moment, Wu Zhanhe maintained his speed and madly fled. As he flew, he released his perception, but found that Luo Zheng didn't chase after him.
However, the moment he used his perception, he found an arrow behind him!
"You want to kill me with an arrow?"
At this moment, Wu Zhanhe thought it was impossible. With his speed, an ordinary arrow couldn't catch up with him.
Unfortunately, the black arrow's speed had exceeded the speed of Wu Zhanhe's mind. When he thought of this, the black arrow had already pierced through his mind, passing through the back of his head and drilling out between his eyebrows in an instant, leaving only a small bloody hole.
His body was frozen in mid-air. The remaining True Yuan was still working, allowing him to float in the air.
However, after a breath, the True Yuan dispersed. His body was like a heavy sandbag, falling straight down from the air and smashing into a hill with a loud bang.
Huff, huff, huff …
Luo Zheng gently turned the longbow and directly put it into the Sumeru Ring. With a smile on his face, he said to Boss Mo, "Thank you, Boss Mo. I've killed those who should be killed!"
Although there were former members of the Tian Xie Sect here, the remaining False Tribulation Realm warriors were nothing to be afraid of. They weren't worth his time.
From the beginning to the end, the time spent from Tianqi City to South Heaven Qin Mountain to kill Wu Zhanhe was probably less than the time it took for three incense sticks to burn.
Boss Mo nodded his head slightly. Now that they were done with what they needed to do, they could finally set off.
Then, Ha Peng controlled the Eight Trigrams Wheel and returned to Tianqi City. At this time, the crowd was still gathered in front of the Tianchen Palace and hadn't dispersed. In the end, seeing the Eight Trigrams Wheel return, the three leaders and Ning Yudie revealed a strange expression. It had only been a few incense sticks' worth of time. Why did it turn back?
Who knew that Luo Zheng would tell them that Wu Zhanhe had been killed by him in South Heaven Qin Mountain …
This efficiency was indeed extremely fast. It directly stunned everyone. Other people had to sharpen their knives to kill a chicken, but Luo Zheng had already taken the life of Wu Zhanhe, who was thousands of miles away.
＝＝＝＝＝

Chapter 916
The group of Divine Realm experts from the Demi-Immortal Clan had given Luo Zheng a lot of time, and it was time for him to leave.
Ning Yudie and Xi Youqin both looked bitter. They had only met for less than two hours, and now they had to leave in a hurry. However, Ning Yudie could see that the group of super experts on the Wheel of Eight Trigrams was not particularly friendly with Luo Zheng. Now was not the time to throw a tantrum. She could only hope that Luo Zheng would quickly return to the Central Domain after he finished his business.
This time, it was inconvenient to bring Feng Nianyun with him to the Sea God Continent. Luo Zheng temporarily put her down and let the World Business Alliance take care of her.
However, because of this, Gu Peier was not happy. However, Qinglong told Luo Zheng that although the Soul Seal Technique was difficult to break, it had its own ways. There was no need to seek help from the Demi-Immortal Clan. Luo Zheng naturally did not care about Gu Peier's expression. After all, Feng Nianyun seemed to hate Gu Peier very much.
After making some preparations, Boss Mo waved his hand again and left a blood-red cross-shaped rune in Tianqi City. He also left a locator talisman in Tianqi City. Then, the Wheel of Eight Trigrams slowly rose again and rushed towards the southeast direction that Luo Zheng had pointed out.
Through the memory of the Vast Thousand Worlds, Luo Zheng had a concrete outline of the Vast Thousand Worlds. In this Vast Thousand Worlds, only twenty percent of the land was occupied by land, while the vast and boundless ocean took up eighty percent! A few main continents were concentrated in the west of the Vast Thousand Worlds, such as the Divine Kingdom Continent and the Central Domain. In addition, there was a huge wild land in the north of the Divine Kingdom Continent.
The Sea God Continent was an exception. This continent was isolated on the other side of the Vast Thousand Worlds, so there was a completely different culture on the Sea God Continent.
After leaving the southeast corner of the Central Domain, the Wheel of Eight Trigrams maintained a straight line at high speed, and began to fly steadily forward.
Going to the Sea God Continent without using the Teleportation Formation would take one across half of the Great Thousand World. Even for a Divine Realm warrior, it would be impossible to arrive there in an instant.
Although Luo Zheng could return to the Immortal Tomb of Heaven Mist and use the teleportation portal to reach the Sea God Continent, Luo Zheng still had some reservations about the seven Demi-Immortals. He didn't want to disturb Daoist Heaven Mist's slumber.
At this speed, other than the blue horizon and blue sky, it was as if there was nothing between heaven and earth.
Most of the time, the Wheel of Eight Trigrams was silent. Other than the occasional whimper of the Ancestral Dragon, everyone else was sitting cross-legged, meditating like monks. Ultimate God Realm warriors had already opened up their Inner Worlds. Luo Zheng had also seen Feng Nianyun's Inner World. Ultimate God Realm warriors had already opened up their Inner Worlds. Luo Zheng guessed that these people were probably managing their Inner Worlds.
"Caw caw …"
The Ancestral Dragon that had been curled up beside Luo Zheng suddenly cried out. Its large eyes stared at Luo Zheng without moving.
Seeing this little thing, Luo Zheng smiled faintly. Only then did he remember how he should deal with this little thing.
Qinglong had asked him to take this Ancestral Dragon egg. However, ever since the Ancestral Dragon hatched, Luo Zheng hadn't had the time to think about what to do with it.
When Luo Zheng asked Qinglong, Qinglong's voice drifted over. "This Ancestral Dragon has already been tainted with your imprint. If you forcefully remove it, it will affect it to a certain extent. That's probably why the Demi-Immortals didn't take it from you."
The key reason why the Demi-Immortals didn't take the Ancestral Dragon away was that they recognized Luo Zheng's identity. At the same time, they also knew that forcefully removing the imprint would negatively affect the Ancestral Dragon. After confirming the location of the Exquisite Pagoda, they would most likely bring Luo Zheng to the Demi-Immortals and raise the Ancestral Dragon exclusively …
Of course, this also depended on Luo Zheng's talent. If it was as Luo Zheng said, that he had obtained the title of Golden Demi-Immortal, then everything would be completely different.
Azure Dragon knew that Luo Zheng wasn't lying. "So, let's see what the Demi-Immortals plan to do," he said. "The way I see it, they'll let you raise the ancestral dragon. Heh heh." Obviously, Azure Dragon knew that Luo Zheng wasn't lying. Someone as talented as him would shine in any corner of the world. Once the Demi-Immortals knew how talented he was, they wouldn't offend him.
"Let me raise it!" Luo Zheng's face revealed a look of astonishment.
From beginning to end, Luo Zheng had never intended to do this. It was Qinglong's idea to enter the Heavenly Stellar Holy Land to obtain the Ancestral Dragon's egg. He didn't want to take care of the little guy.
Qinglong said indifferently, "What's wrong? You don't want to? This imprint is even stronger than the contract between Huo Yuner and the True Phoenix. Moreover, the Ancestral Dragon's talent is much stronger than the True Phoenix's. When this little guy grows up, it will be a great help to you in the future. "
"But I don't know how to raise this little guy!" Luo Zheng knew that from Qinglong's standpoint, he wouldn't harm him. Since the Ancestral Dragon was the object of worship of the entire True Dragon Clan, its talent must be extraordinary. The problem was that Luo Zheng really didn't intend to raise it.
Qinglong smiled faintly and said, "The Ancestral Dragon grows very quickly. It won't be long before it grows up. You won't need to worry about it, so you should try your best to fight for it with the Demi-Immortal Clan."
Luo Zheng wasn't convinced by Qinglong, but when he saw the little guy curled up next to him and fall asleep, Luo Zheng blinked and finally nodded.
In Luo Zheng's mind, Qinglong's huge dragon eyes revealed a trace of loneliness for the first time. The red dragon felt Qinglong's emotions and communicated with him, "Ninth brother, if they are heartless, we won't be righteous either. Even if we don't care about our clan, wouldn't it be better for us nine brothers to set up our own clan?"
The red dragon's temperament was straightforward and fiery, so he didn't think as much as Qinglong. Qinglong's dragon head shook slightly and he said faintly, "Alas, we nine brothers are from the True Dragon Clan after all. It's not wrong to rely on the Ancestral Dragon to set up our own clan, but alas!"
There were many disputes within the True Dragon Clan. Back then, the nine True Dragons had paid a huge price because of this dispute. Up until now, only two True Dragon souls had been awakened.
If it weren't for Luo Zheng, perhaps this dispute of the "Mystery of the Nine Dragons" would have slowly been drowned in the long river of history. However, as Luo Zheng grew stronger step by step, Qinglong realized that he had found an opportunity. If the Ancestral Dragon and Luo Zheng grew together, Luo Zheng would help them rebuild the Sky Spill Body in the future, and they would be able to set up a new True Dragon Clan. Qinglong was happy, but when he thought of the past, he sank into sorrow …
The Wheel of Eight Trigrams flew at an extremely fast speed. It only took a few hours to cross the Chaotic Astral Ocean from the Divine Kingdom Continent to the Central Domain. However, from the Central Domain to the Sea God Continent, it took a full two days and two nights!
On the way, Luo Zheng also encountered several huge Fierce Beasts. For example, there were Fierce Beasts in the sea that were two thousand feet long, and there was also a giant bird with a wingspan of more than ten thousand feet, like a palace in the sky. However, these Level 11 Fierce Beasts, which were comparable to Divine Sea Realm experts, were keenly aware of the group of Divine Realm experts on the Wheel of Eight Trigrams. Their faces were filled with fear, and they didn't dare to provoke them.
As for Gu Pei 'er and the others of the Demi-Immortal Clan, they weren't interested in these Fierce Beasts. There weren't many things in the lower world that could interest them. Their goal was only the Exquisite Pagoda.
After two days and two nights, a continent appeared in front of them again. It was the Sea God Continent that they hadn't seen for a long time.
"Where is the Exquisite Pagoda located on this continent?" Qingfeng asked indifferently.
Luo Zheng nodded, and then said, "It's right in the center of this continent!"
"Very good." Qingfeng smiled coldly, and said to Ha Peng, "Let's go."
At this time, Luo Zheng shook his head and said, "If you want to get close to the Exquisite Pagoda, I'm afraid it won't be that easy …"
"What do you mean?" Not only Qingfeng, but the others also frowned at the same time. As the saying goes, seeing is believing. Although Luo Zheng said it as if it was true, before they saw the Exquisite Pagoda, they kept a skeptical attitude towards anything Luo Zheng said.

Chapter 917
In the past, Daoist Tian Miao had also stepped into the Sea God Continent. However, he was intimidated by the cursed land. In the end, he could only build a huge transportation array to connect the two continents. Then, he waited for countless years in the Tian Miao Immortal Tomb before Luo Zheng arrived.
If Luo Zheng's guess was correct, Daoist Tian Miao was also a Peak Divine expert. With his strength, he couldn't enter the cursed land. Then, the seven people in front of him couldn't enter either.
Previously, Luo Zheng could also enter the cursed land unimpeded. However, at that time, he was only in the Divine Reflection Realm. Now that Luo Zheng had advanced to the Life and Death Realm, he would naturally be affected by the power of the curse.
Luo Zheng briefly explained the cursed land to everyone. Boss Mo's face slightly darkened. However, he still ordered Ha Peng to control the Eight Trigrams Wheel to continue forward.
As they sped through the skies of the Sea God's Continent, they soon saw a distinct line on the Sea God's Continent. Everything on the outside of the line seemed normal, but the inside of the line was pitch-black. There were no plants, no living creatures, just like a monochromatic black world ….
"This is the cursed land?" Boss Mo stared below and said.
After Luo Zheng nodded, Qing Feng said, "Let's go down and take a look."
As Peak Divine experts, they weren't reckless people. Since they already knew that the cursed land was so strange, they wouldn't rely on their cultivation base to force their way in.
After the Eight Trigrams Wheel slowly descended, the seven people stepped down. Luo Zheng also jumped down with the Ancestral Gragon in his arms. The little thing in his arms looked at the cursed land with fear in its eyes. It seemed that it was also afraid of the power in the cursed land. It was afraid that Luo Zheng would bring it in.
"Ga Gu!"
Seeing the little thing's scared expression, Luo Zheng rubbed its head and said with a smile, "Don't worry. I won't bring you in."
Luo Zheng was also curious. Logically speaking, the Ancestral Dragon had just been born. Although it was extremely talented, it should only be treated as a Level 1 Direbeast and should not be affected by the power of the curse. Perhaps its fear came entirely from its keen instincts.
Looking at the cursed land, Boss Mo frowned and asked, "Qingfeng, what do you think?"
Qing Feng took two steps forward and was already close to the edge of the cursed land. If he took another step forward, he would enter the cursed land. After pausing for two breaths, he actually stretched out a hand into the cursed land!
"Be careful, the power of the curse is very strong!" Luo Zheng warned.
Back then, Luo Zheng had personally witnessed two Battle-Saints being turned into a pool of blood. The power of the curse was not something that could be resisted by humans.
Qing Feng didn't listen to Luo Zheng's advice and insisted on reaching his hand into the cursed land!
It would take some time for the power of the curse to take effect. Qing Feng wanted to test how strong the power of the curse was.
After a while, Qing Feng's expression suddenly changed. He instantly withdrew his hand and retreated quickly. At the same time, he shouted, "Pei 'er!"
Gu Pei 'er took a step forward and the flower in her right eye began to rotate rapidly. At the same time, a light pink light was released from the stamen of the flower!
It was under the illumination of this light that some things were revealed!
Luo Zheng looked over and found that it was a group of ugly little ghosts!
These little ghosts were about the size of a finger. Although they were small, they looked extremely disgusting. There were hundreds of them densely stacked together. They swarmed toward Qing Feng's right hand and kept biting it!
"Buzz, buzz, buzz …"
At this time, Qing Feng had already activated his protective Zhen Yuan. At the same time, he released a small enchantment to protect his right hand. However, these little ghosts were completely speechless. Under the biting of his enchantment and protective Zhen Yuan, the flesh on Qing Feng's hand turned into pus and flowed slowly. It looked very miserable!
After a breath, those little ghosts had already bitten Qing Feng's right hand clean. They even wanted to spread along Qing Feng's arm.
However, he was a bold person. He calmly glanced at Yu Ze, who was beside him. Yu Ze had already slashed out with his Onyx Blade.
"Puchi!"
Qing Feng's right hand, which was only left with the bones, instantly broke and fell to the ground.
Those little ghosts couldn't spread along Qing Feng's flesh and blood. They turned around and continued to gnaw on Qing Feng's bones!
"Damn it, what the hell is this!" Yu Ze looked at those densely packed little ghosts and felt his scalp go numb. These little ghosts weren't strong, but they could ignore any Zhen Yuan defense. They could even penetrate Qing Feng's enchantment. This was too terrifying.
Qing Feng's eyes were indifferent. He gently waved his right arm, and a stream of golden blood flowed out from the broken arm. The blood flowed continuously and gathered into the shape of a hand. Finally, after the golden light dissipated, it began to form the bones and meridians. Soon, it formed the skin. In a short while, a right hand was formed!
Seeing this scene, Luo Zheng was amazed. This Qing Feng was so arrogant. He indeed had a great ability. Even in the lower realm, a broken arm could be reconstructed. However, after the reconstruction, his strength would be greatly reduced. It could even become a flaw in his body.
However, looking at Qing Feng's nonchalant expression, he was afraid that this ability of his could completely restore his broken arm without leaving any flaws …
"Da da da …"
Under the light pink light emitted by the flower above Gu Pei 'er's right eye, those little ghosts couldn't hide. At the same time, everyone could hear the densely packed sounds of gnawing, which made them shudder.
Boss Mo slowly walked over. He lowered his head and looked at those little ghosts. He asked, "This thing, could it be …"
"It's the Ghost Curse Technique. However, it's really rare to release such a large-scale Ghost Curse Technique in the lower realm!" Gu Pei 'er said indifferently.
In other aspects, Boss Mo and Qing Feng knew a lot. However, in the aspect of Soul Curse Technique, Gu Pei 'er was an expert.
"Da da da …"
Under the continuous gnawing, the bones in Qing Feng's hand quickly disappeared. Then, those little ghosts scattered and flew toward the cursed land. Soon, they disappeared in front of everyone.
Boss Mo looked at the cursed land. He frowned and asked Luo Zheng, "You're saying that only warriors below the Life and Death Realm can enter this cursed land?"
Luo Zheng nodded and said, "In this continent, False Tribulation Realm warriors are called War Revered. As long as the warriors of the Sea God Continent cultivate to the peak of War Revered, which is the late stage of False Tribulation Realm, they must leave the cursed land. Otherwise, they will be cursed to death."
This cursed land was a forbidden place for War Sages and Divine Sea Realm warriors.
Gu Pei 'er said indifferently, "This Ghost Curse Technique has a target set. It's not difficult!"
"What should we do? How do we go to the Exquisite Pagoda?" The burly man asked.
Qing Feng stared at the cursed land and said, "I don't believe that this cursed land is filled with this Ghost Curse Technique!"
Gu Pei 'er smiled, "Why don't you take a look?" As soon as her voice fell, the flower in her right eye rotated gently and released a light pink light that was a hundred times larger than before.
Under this light, Luo Zheng, Boss Mo, Qing Feng, and the others were shocked.
In this cursed land, there were countless little ghosts densely packed together. Because there were too many of them, they were squeezed together and crazily surged!
Perhaps because the space was too crowded, these little ghosts seemed to be devouring each other. However, after devouring, new little ghosts were born …
"Cough cough cough …" Seeing this scene, Yu Ze's hair stood on end. He hurriedly said, "Senior sister, quickly extinguish your light!"
Not only Yu Ze, but other than Boss Mo and Gu Pei 'er, the others showed uncomfortable expressions.

Chapter 918
Only the light pink light released by Gu Peier could reveal the true form of the cursed land!
When Luo Zheng entered the cursed land, if he knew that it was filled with small ghosts, no matter how bold he was, it would be difficult for him to enter …
Probably because Yu Ze, Qing Feng, and the others were not used to it, Gu Peier smiled slightly and withdrew the light pink light.
The small ghosts that were originally densely packed suddenly disappeared, and the cursed land in front of them became empty again.
"Huff, huff …"
Yu Ze touched his chest and muttered, "It's so disgusting!"
Boss Mo shook his head and said, "So, it's impossible to force our way in."
Qing Feng nodded, "These small ghosts can't stop us at all. If we enter, we will be eaten up by them. It seems that we can only report this matter to the higher-ups."
Hearing Qing Feng's words, Boss Mo frowned and said slowly, "This time, when we descended to the lower realm, we didn't get rid of the evil dragon, and the ancestral dragon …" He looked at Luo Zheng. The ancestral dragon directly left a mark on Luo Zheng, "Now that we can't confirm the Linglong Pagoda, are we really going back empty-handed?"
Qing Feng shrugged, "What else do you want?"
Boss Mo still stared at Luo Zheng and said, "I still want to enter the Linglong Pagoda to take a look."
Qing Feng rolled his eyes. In his heart, he felt that Boss Mo's words were nonsense. The problem was that everyone had clearly seen the scene just now. Was this cursed land a place where they could enter?
Yu Ze suddenly thought of something and stared at Luo Zheng with a sneer, "I know, Luo Zheng, you already knew that we were destined to not be able to enter the cursed land, so you boasted that you got some title. Anyway, we can't verify it."
Luo Zheng's face revealed a cold smile. He was too lazy to pay attention to this guy.
At this moment, Boss Mo's eyes fell on Ha Peng and asked, "Ha Peng, this time, did you bring a puppet?"
"Puppet!"
"Yes, Ha Peng's puppet!"
Everyone's eyes suddenly lit up. Ha Peng was not only proficient in all kinds of flying tools, but he was also a puppet master!
If everyone borrowed Ha Peng's puppet, they would also be able to enter the Cursed Land unimpeded. Because of the existence of the Cursed Land, they didn't expect to bring the Linglong Pagoda with them. However, they still wanted to confirm it. Especially Yu Ze, he really wanted to expose Luo Zheng's lie. If they entered the Linglong Pagoda and didn't see Luo Zheng's title on the Innate Talent Monument, then they would see how this brat would explain himself!
When Ha Peng saw that everyone was looking at him, he said helplessly, "Unfortunately, I didn't bring any puppets this time …"
Hearing Ha Peng's words, everyone immediately felt discouraged. They had come all the way here, and their last trace of hope had been obliterated.
However, Boss Mo said, "It shouldn't be difficult for you to make a few sets of puppets using local materials, right?"
Ha Peng nodded, "Not at all. However, the puppets made from materials from the Lower World will have their power greatly reduced. They won't be able to make puppets that are comparable to the Spirit Sea Realm."
"Spirit Sea Realm puppets …"
Hearing Ha Peng's tone, it seemed that he could make such powerful puppets. Luo Zheng sighed in his heart. No wonder these people from the Demi-Immortal Tribe were so arrogant. The difference between the Lower World and the Upper World was indeed shocking.
"Okay! Why do we need to be so powerful? We're not going in to fight. We'll just look for materials on this continent. "Yu Ze sneered as he stared at Luo Zheng. Normally, when a person's lie was about to be exposed, there would be some anxiety on their face. He wanted to find this kind of expression on Luo Zheng's face, but he was a little disappointed this time.
Luo Zheng didn't have the slightest anxiety on his face. Instead, he said, "I'm familiar with several races on this Sea God Continent. If we lack any resources, they should have a reserve. It will be much easier than us finding them ourselves."
"That's also very good," Boss Mo said with a smile.
Then everyone returned to the Wheel of Eight Trigrams. This time, they followed Luo Zheng's directions and headed straight for the Heavenly Feather Holy Land!
The Sea God Continent wasn't big, especially since the cursed land occupied the center. The surrounding area was probably much smaller than the Central Domain. In less than an incense stick's worth of time, the Wheel of Eight Trigrams had arrived above the Heavenly Feather Holy Land.
But just as the Wheel of Eight Trigrams arrived, Luo Zheng's eyes suddenly flashed. He saw a long column of smoke rising from the Holy Tree in the distance. At the same time, a powerful True Essence fluctuation came from the distance!
"War?" Luo Zheng's eyes twitched and he frowned.
The Heavenly Feather Holy Land had Liu Yu in charge. How could the other races dare to challenge the Demon Night Clan?
When Luo Zheng was in trouble, the Purple Heart Holy Land joined forces with the Heavenly Feather Holy Land to send many Battle-Saints to the Central Domain. Even Situ Haotian and several Divine Sea Realm experts of the Demon Night Clan personally came to the Central Domain!
The reason why the experts of the two Holy Lands dared to come out in full force was because Liu Yu was in charge of the Demon Night Clan. As the strongest existence on the Sea God Continent, she was also the one with the highest talent. She alone was enough to guard the Purple Heart Holy Land and the Heavenly Feather Holy Land!
It could be said that as long as Liu Yu was here, the Twin Devil Holy Land wouldn't dare to act rashly.
But now, a war had broken out in the Heavenly Feather Holy Land? Could something have happened to Liu Yu?
Thinking of this, Luo Zheng's face darkened. He jumped down and rushed towards the Purple Heart Holy Land.
Whoosh whoosh whoosh whoosh …
Hundreds of streaks of light intersected in the sky. Those were Battle-Saints fighting!
Luo Zheng sized them up and a cold light flashed in his eyes. "It really is the Demon Race! The Twin Devil Holy Land … They actually dared to attack the Heavenly Feather Holy Land! "
At this moment, two streaks of light intersected. One of the streaks of light dragged a long and narrow white light, and within that white light, there was a flourishing light.
Ling Yan? Following that streak of light, Luo Zheng saw a woman flying at high speed.
At this moment, Ling Yan was already in an extremely sorry state. Her slender body was covered with injuries. Her waist had a bloody wound that was so deep that the bone could be seen, and the clothes on her body were also extremely messy. However, she still clenched her teeth and continued to fight with her opponent!
Ling Yan's opponent was a Battle-Saint of the Demon Race!
At that time, Ling Yan was a peak War Reverend. Aside from Luo Zheng, she was the most powerful existence in the Tower of Sin. However, after leaving the Tower of Sin, her cultivation base increased and she became a first level Battle-Saint. Although she had used the Light of Creation accumulated in the Tower of Sin to break through several times and finally became a second level Battle-Saint, it was still difficult for her to deal with the fourth level Battle-Saint of the Devil Race.
"Hahahahaha! Ling Yan, I think you should just surrender. Woman of the Demon Night Clan, tsk tsk! I won't kill you. Although you and I are not of the same race, if you become my captive, I guarantee that I will make you wish you were dead for the rest of your life! " The Battle-Saint of the Demon Race laughed arrogantly. However, he did not relax the fiery-red broadsword in his hand. Streaks of light from the broadsword went straight for Ling Yan's vital points.
At this moment, Luo Zheng's figure flashed and approached Ling Yan.
Ling Yan's perception was very sharp. Although she was concentrating on dodging the broadsword of the Battle-Saint of the Demon Race, her perception was still paying attention to her surroundings. When Luo Zheng rushed toward her, she almost subconsciously judged Luo Zheng as a Demon Race. Therefore, her figure suddenly spun and flowers bloomed. Those flowers uniformly changed direction and pierced toward Luo Zheng!
"Ling Yan, it's me!" Luo Zheng's figure flashed and dodged those flowers.
Hearing this familiar voice, Ling Yan suddenly turned her head and looked over. Originally, there was a trace of confusion on Ling Yan's face, but the moment she saw Luo Zheng, her face immediately revealed an expression of great joy. Within this joy, there was also an expression of disbelief. She never thought that Luo Zheng would actually come back.
"Luo Zheng!" Ling Yan called out.
When the Battle-Saint of the Demon Race, who was hot on her heels, heard the name "Luo Zheng", he was slightly taken aback. Then, he used his gaze to size up Luo Zheng.
To the Twin Devil Holy Land, the name Luo Zheng was like a nightmare. It was this guy who single-handedly drove the Demon Race out of the Tower of Sin. However, although Luo Zheng's name was resounding, the majority of the Demon Race had never seen his true appearance.
＝＝＝＝＝

Chapter 919
Just like the Devil Clan Battle-Saint in front of her, he had already left the Tower of Sin a few years ago, breaking through the shackles of a Peak Battle-Saint and stepping into the ranks of Battle-Saints.
Naturally, he could no longer enter the Cursed Land, nor could he enter the Tower of Sin.
Therefore, Luo Zheng's name was engraved in his heart like a brand, but he had never seen Luo Zheng.
Hearing Ling Yan shout out the two words "Luo Zheng," the Devil Clan Battle-Saint suddenly revealed an excited expression, "Luo Zheng! Luo Zheng … Hahahahaha, I heard that you had already left the Sea God Continent, and I felt very regretful! I didn't expect that you would actually dare to come back to court death! Interesting, interesting! "
After Ling Yan saw Luo Zheng, she was excited, but she suddenly thought of something! Now was not the right time for Luo Zheng to appear. Although she had already seen Luo Zheng's cultivation breakthrough, he was still only a first level Battle-Saint!
Luo Zheng's strength naturally could not be measured by cultivation. Back then, when he was only a Battle-Saint, he had already killed a Battle-Saint!
The problem was that the Twin Devil Holy Land and the Heavenly Feather Holy Land had launched a huge sect war, and there were several almighty Spirit Sea Realm experts among them. In a moment, the almighty Spirit Sea Realm experts would arrive, and Luo Zheng would only have a dead end.
"Luo Zheng, run! The Heavenly Feather Holy Land is about to fall, run! "Ling Yan warned with all her might.
Luo Zheng was indifferent to Ling Yan's warning. His eyes darkened, and he asked, "The Heavenly Feather Holy Land has Liu Yu overseeing it. Why does the Twin Devil Holy Land dare to attack?"
Before Ling Yan could explain, the Devil Clan Battle-Saint sneered, "Since you're here, you still want to escape! You're dreaming! " The Devil Clan Battle-Saint had long heard of Luo Zheng's name, and all the Devil Clan people in the Twin Devil Holy Land hated Luo Zheng to the bone.
After all, when Luo Zheng drove the Demon Race out of the Sin Tower, it was akin to cutting off the Twin Devil Holy Land's path of retreat. Without the help of the Sin Tower, the Twin Devil Holy Land's decline was only a matter of time.
At that time, when many peak Battle-Sages of the Demon Clan returned to the Twin Devil Holy Land, everyone in the Twin Devil Holy Land, from Battle-Sages to Battle-Sages, was cursing Luo Zheng like boiling water. As for this Battle-Sage of the Demon Clan, he was so angry that he directly tore down his house!
If it wasn't for the fact that anyone who entered the Cursed Lands would definitely die, he probably would have directly charged into the Cursed Lands and torn Luo Zheng to pieces.
Now that he saw Luo Zheng again, how could he let Luo Zheng off so easily?
"Sou!"
The body of the Devil Race was huge. This Devil Race Battle-Saint was like a small mountain. He directly rushed towards Luo Zheng. The large blade in his hand was mixed with a heavy pressure. He wanted to cut Luo Zheng in two.
"Luo Zheng!"
Ling Yan had a certain amount of confidence in Luo Zheng. She believed that after Luo Zheng entered the Life and Death Realm, his strength had also made a qualitative leap. Just now, she was only worried that Luo Zheng would die in the hands of those Spirit Sea Realm experts. However, she hadn't seen Luo Zheng for some time. She also didn't know how much strength Luo Zheng had after advancing to the Battle-Sage realm.
Therefore, seeing that Luo Zheng didn't dodge, Ling Yan was still somewhat worried.
"Clang!"
Luo Zheng's gaze was indifferent. He actually allowed this blade to cut his body.
In this vast world, Luo Zheng didn't even need to rely on the body of a sacred artifact. He just transferred the power of the saber to the Divine Essencefused Mountain. Therefore, Luo Zheng's body didn't even sway when he received the saber!
"You're called Sola, right?" Luo Zheng indifferently looked at this Devil Race Battle-Saint.
This Devil Race Battle-Saint called Sola's face was filled with astonishment. That blade just now had exploded with ten layers of vital essence! Although this Sola was reckless, the Devil Race had always been like this. Although he was reckless, he didn't lack wit. Although he looked down on Luo Zheng, in fact, he also had a certain degree of confidence in Luo Zheng's strength. Therefore, when he attacked, he used one hundred percent of his strength!
However, he absolutely didn't expect that his full-strength blade couldn't even make Luo Zheng sway. This kid … was he really a first rank Battle-Saint?
"You, how do you know my name?" In addition to being shocked, Sola's face also revealed a puzzled expression.
"I've lived for one hundred and ninety-two years, three months, and thirteen days …" Luo Zheng indifferently said again.
"You, you … how do you know?!" The astonishment on Sola's face became even more intense.
At this time, even Ling Yan was looking at Luo Zheng with a face full of astonishment. The almighty Divine Sea Realm experts on the Sea God Continent were few and far between, but there were many Battle-Saints among the major races, especially the Twin Devil Holy Ground and the Demon Night Clan. This Luo Zheng was able to accurately identify this Devil Race Battle-Saint. More importantly, he also knew Sola's age, and he was even able to accurately determine the month and day!
Even the Heavenly Feather Holy Ground's intelligence system couldn't be so accurate. How did Luo Zheng know?
Luo Zheng didn't answer Sola's question. He only shook his head indifferently, "However, your lifespan ends here …"
After saying this, Luo Zheng grasped Sola's blade and the power of dragon scales in his body suddenly dissipated. To deal with a warrior of this level, one thousand dragon scales were more than enough!
"Clang!"
Luo Zheng casually twisted the medium-grade sacred artifact in Sola's hand, and it directly began to break from the middle.
At this moment, a great sense of fear suddenly rose in Sola's heart. This sense of fear didn't only come from Luo Zheng's abnormal strength, but also from a special feeling. He felt that Luo Zheng was an omniscient existence and knew everything about him clearly!
Under the influence of this fear, Sola turned around and wanted to escape. The Devil Race, who was known for being good at fighting, actually chose to escape in a single confrontation!
"Escape?"
Luo Zheng's eyes were indifferent. His figure suddenly turned into a thin line and caught up with Sola in an instant. His hand was already on Sola's neck.
Immediately after, a crisp sound was heard. Under the tremendous force, this Devil Race Battle-Saint's head was separated from his body!
Ling Yan looked at the scene in front of her in astonishment and was speechless. She knew that after Luo Zheng was promoted to a Battle-Saint, he was no small matter. However, Ling Yan didn't think that Luo Zheng was abnormal to this extent!
Although Battle-Saints were divided into nine stages, they were the same as the Life and Death Realm. Every stage had to undergo a minor Heaven's Tribulation!
Some warriors had already broken through to the Spirit Sea Realm when they reached the fifth or sixth stage. Therefore, this Devil Race Battle-Saint named Sola was equivalent to a late stage Battle-Saint. Yet, he was killed by Luo Zheng with just one hand?
To be able to kill a fourth stage Devil Race Battle-Saint so easily, perhaps only a Spirit Sea Realm expert could do it.
When Luo Zheng was at the initial stage Battle-Saint, he was already able to fight against an initial stage Battle-Saint. Could it be that this guy could really maintain such abnormal strength and could already fight against a Spirit Sea Realm expert?
In fact, Ling Yan's guess was half right and half wrong.
Luo Zheng's strength was indeed enough to fight against a Spirit Sea Realm expert. However, he lacked one crucial thing. That was his own domain!
After merging with the will of the boundless world, Luo Zheng formed a connection with the boundless world. As long as the boundless world wasn't destroyed, Luo Zheng couldn't be killed. However, if a Spirit Sea Realm expert used his domain to cut off Luo Zheng's connection with the boundless world, Luo Zheng would still be in danger.
However, the strength he displayed was already shocking enough!
"Swoosh, swoosh, swoosh …"
In the sky above the Heavenly Feather Sacred Ground, hundreds of flying lights were still intertwining. The Demon Night Clan was now at a complete disadvantage.
Seeing this scene, Luo Zheng asked Ling Yan, "Ling Yan, you still haven't answered my question. Why did the Twin Devil Sacred Ground dare to attack the Heavenly Feather Sacred Ground? Where's Liu Yu? "
Ling Yan's face revealed a trace of resentment, "Lord Liu Yu is undergoing his tribulation!"
"Great Heaven's Tribulation?" Luo Zheng asked.
"Yes! The Twin Devil Sacred Ground couldn't hold back any longer. They took advantage of this opportunity to attack the Heavenly Feather Sacred Ground! "Ling Yan said angrily.
After entering the Life and Death Realm, or in other words, becoming a Battle Saint, one had to face a heavenly tribulation. The Life and Death Realm was known as the minor heavenly tribulation, while the Spirit Sea Realm was known as the major heavenly tribulation. The major heavenly tribulation was much more powerful and terrifying than the minor heavenly tribulation.
Although Liu Yu's talent was great, according to common sense, the major heavenly tribulation that descended would be even more terrifying.
In the past, because the Tower of Sin maintained the delicate balance of the entire Sea God Continent, the various races were harmonious and didn't have a falling out. At that time, even if Liu Yu was undergoing his major heavenly tribulation, the Twin Devil Sacred Ground wouldn't take such a huge risk to attack the Purple Heart Sacred Ground.
But now, the Twin Devil Sacred Ground had no way out. When the Demon Night Clan and the human race rapidly grew stronger, the Twin Devil Sacred Ground's destruction was only a matter of time. Therefore, the Twin Devil Sacred Ground chose to take advantage of Liu Yu's major heavenly tribulation to stake everything on one throw.

Chapter 920
"So that's how it is." Luo Zheng nodded silently.
At that moment, a huge flame suddenly erupted in the sky. The shape of the flame was like that of a volcano, and the heat waves it emitted instantly caused the plants in the Heavenly Feather Holy Land to turn yellow and even charred!
Even Battle-Saints were unable to withstand the heatwaves from the flames, and all of them had to hide.
As the flame spread out, a demon slowly rose from the "volcano". The demon wore a three-pronged crown on his head and held a dark golden ghost head staff in his hand. He was clad in Crimson Cloud Golden Armor and looked extraordinarily powerful, like a heavenly general!
At this moment, the Demon Clan member was chasing after a blue-clothed lady. The blue-clothed lady's slender body was enveloped in a light blue water domain, blocking all the flames outside. However, no matter what she did, she couldn't shake off the Demon Clan member!
"Lady Lan Bing …" Seeing this scene, Ling Yan's face revealed a worried expression.
Luo Zheng had seen Lady Lan Bing before. She was another Divine Sea Realm expert of the Demon Night Clan.
The Twin Devil Holy Land had occupied the Sin Tower for the longest time. Compared to the Heavenly Feather Holy Land, they had three more Divine Sea Realm experts. But the Heavenly Feather Holy Land only had one Divine Sea Realm expert, Liu Yu, to fight against three or four Divine Sea Realm experts of the Demon Race. That was why they were able to maintain a delicate balance.
But now, the Demon Night Clan woman named Lan Bing was clearly at a disadvantage. She was being suppressed by the Divine Sea Realm expert of the Demon Race!
Ling Yan wasn't the only one. The other Battle-Saints of the Demon Night Clan who were in the midst of a fierce battle with the Demon Race all revealed gloomy expressions. The top experts of their clan were defeated by the top experts of their opponent. It was a huge blow to their morale.
"Hahahaha, Lan Bing, your Heavenly Feather Holy Land is destined to be erased from the Sea God's Continent. Don't resist. You're all as beautiful as flowers anyway. It's not bad to be the servants of my Demon Race. Although it's an ignoble existence, it's better than having your clan wiped out, right?" The Divine Sea Realm expert of the Demon Race laughed.
Lan Bing's expression was still calm. The ripples that spread out from her body continued to sway. She coldly said, "Even if my Heavenly Feather Holy Land is destroyed, when Liuyu returns, your Twin Devil Holy Land will pay a painful price. Mo Xiao, do you think you can escape from Liuyu's pursuit?"
Liu Yu was the Sea Realm was in the Sea God's Continent. Luo Zheng was the strongest in the Central Domain, while Liu Yu was the strongest. As long as she had the chance, she could kill the Divine Divine Sea experts of the Twin.... of the Heavens. Luo Zheng.......
Faced with Lan Bing's threat, Mo Xiao didn't panic in the slightest. Instead, he laughed even more wildly. "Liu Yu? You're still hoping for her to come back? Hahaha, is going to Hundred Mile Island really a big secret to my Twin Devil Holy Land? "
Lan Bing's expression changed drastically when she heard Mo Xiao's words.
There were still a few small islands scattered around the Sea God's Continent. Liu Yu had quietly left before her tribulation. Even in the Demon Night Clan, only a few people knew where she went. But now, Mo Xiao had said it out loud!
This meant that the Twin Demon Holy Land already knew of Liu Yu's whereabouts. To a cultivator, transcending tribulation was extremely dangerous. The entire process could not be disturbed at all. If the Demon Holy Land knew of Liu Yu's whereabouts … it was very likely that Liu Yu's fate was sealed.
"You, you …" Lan Bing's expression finally darkened. Her Water Domain began to ripple wildly. Liu Yu was the Demon Night Clan's only hope. If Liu Yu died, the Sky Feather Sacred Ground would never be rebuilt!
Mo Xiao continued, "Do you think only our Flame Demon Holy Land has made a move? The Fear Demon Holy Land's people have already tracked Liu Yu. Hahaha! I've already made an agreement with Ku Ao. If we capture Liu Yu, we won't destroy her head. Instead, we'll soak her head in our Demon Race's secret potion. With Liu Yu's beauty, she'll become a perfect ornament in our Flame Demon Palace! "
The Demon Night Clan was forced to retreat again and again. Six of their Battle-Saints were killed by the Demon Race in a row. Cries of anguish could be heard throughout the Sky Feather Sacred Ground.
Seeing the Demon Race's Battle-Saints fighting harder and harder, Mo Xiao revealed an excited smile. His bell-like eyes stared at Lan Bing as he chuckled, "If you don't surrender, I'll cut off your head and put it in my bedroom!"
Then, Mo Xiao waved the Ghost Head Staff in his hand and charged at Lan Bing again. Under this attack, the raging flames on Mo Xiao's body burned even brighter. Lan Bing's Water Domain became increasingly unstable. She wouldn't be able to hold on for much longer before being defeated by Mo Xiao.
At this moment, Luo Zheng's eyes flashed. He took out the dark golden longbow and three black arrows from his spatial ring!
"Luo Zheng!" Seeing Luo Zheng about to attack Mo Xiao, Ling Yan immediately stopped him.
Although the strength that Luo Zheng displayed just now was formidable, Ling Yan did not think that Luo Zheng had the possibility of resisting a Divine Sea Realm almighty. Rashly launching an attack at a Divine Sea Realm almighty like this was undoubtedly equivalent to suicide!
However, Luo Zheng's expression was cold. Three black arrows were nocked on the longbow!
"Buzz buzz buzz …"
At this moment, the bowstring began to vibrate softly.
Then, Luo Zheng's fingers gently clenched and loosened. The three black arrows turned into three streaks of black light and pierced through the sky!
"Swoosh swoosh swoosh!"
When the three black arrows were released, they didn't attract much attention. After all, the sky above the Sky Feather Sacred Ground was in chaos. The three streaks of black light didn't look particularly fierce.
Mo Xiao did not notice the three arrows that were rapidly approaching him. He waved the ghost head staff in his hand wildly and roared at the same time, "It's useless to resist. My demon race's iron hooves are destined to trample on all races. The entire Sea God Continent …"
Before he could finish his sentence, he suddenly heard three crisp sounds.
"Pa pa pa!"
Just as Mo Xiao was feeling puzzled, he turned his head to look and heard another three crisp "Pa pa pa" sounds!
Each black arrow could accelerate three times in the air. Hence, after nine crisp sounds were heard, the three black arrows flew toward Mo Xiao at a terrifying speed!
"What is this?!" Mo Xiao felt the speed and power of the three streaks of black light. His face was filled with horror.
Lan Bing, who was struggling to hold on, also noticed the three streaks of black light. Her eyes were also filled with uncertainty. She looked in the direction of the three streaks of black light and focused her attention on a young man from the Human Race!
"Luo Zheng! Why did he return to the Sea God Continent?! "Lan Bing recognized Luo Zheng almost instantly.
When Mo Xiao felt the speed and power of the three streaks of black light, he gave up on dodging. It was too late for him to do so. However, giving up on dodging did not mean that he would not resist. His bronze arm, which was as thick as an elephant's leg, suddenly waved the Ghost Head Staff, which was as huge as a tree trunk, and smashed it toward the three black arrows.
The Demon Race was indeed powerful. However, the development of civilization on the Sea God Continent was far inferior to that of the Divine Kingdom Continent. It was even inferior to the Central Domain! In terms of forging and refining, they could only refine mid-grade saint artifacts at best, unlike some of the grandmasters in the four divine kingdoms who were able to refine divine artifacts! Of course, the forging of Divine Artifacts required the cooperation of the Upper Realm. Without the Reverse Spirit Channel, the four Divine Kingdoms could not forge Divine Artifacts.
Therefore, the Ghost Head Staff in Mo Xiao's hand was only a High Grade Sacred Artifact!
When Mo Xiao waved the Ghost Head Staff to smash the three black arrows, three muffled sounds rang out. The three black arrows, which carried the sharpness of the Divine Artifact, pierced through the Ghost Head Staff and shot toward Mo Xiao's body!
Mo Xiao attached great importance to the three black arrows. He gave up chasing Lan Bing almost instantly and used all his strength to block them!

Chapter 921
As an almighty of the Divine Sea Realm, Mo Xiao's reaction speed was extremely fast. The moment the black arrow pierced through his Ghost Head Staff, his burly body began to twist at an unimaginable angle!
Puff! Puff! Puff!
Puff! Three black arrows instantly pierced through Mo Xiao's huge body. However, due to Mo Xiao's twisting, the three black arrows pierced through his right shoulder and thigh. One of the black arrows pierced through his chest and passed right through his heart.
There were six small bloody holes in his chest. However, this kind of injury was not fatal to a demon with a huge body!
However, the situation just now was extremely dangerous!
It should be known that two of the three black arrows shot by Luo Zheng were aimed at Mo Xiao's head and heart respectively. If he had not twisted his body at the last moment, Mo Xiao would have become a corpse by now!
Fortunately, he was able to avoid the three black arrows. Mo Xiao's face revealed a trace of fear. His gaze followed the source of the three arrows and his face revealed a look of shock and anger.
"Human … Moreover, he's only a beginner Battle-Saint. How could he shoot three terrifying arrows? This brat is definitely from the Purple Heart Holy Land. Where did he come from?" Mo Xiao stared at Luo Zheng.
Ling Yan, who was beside Luo Zheng, also covered her mouth. Her gaze towards Luo Zheng was tinged with a trace of reverence. She had a lot of contact with Luo Zheng in the Sin Tower and was very clear about Luo Zheng's potential. However, to be able to injure an almighty of the Divine Sea Realm of the Demon Clan with just three arrows was too outrageous.
Most importantly, Ling Yan could also see that those three arrows had almost taken Mo Xiao's life ….
"Human brat, not bad. You actually managed to injure me with just one move!" Mo Xiao said indifferently, "I'll give you a chance to challenge me. I'll crush your bones and kill you!"
In his shock and anger, Mo Xiao even gave up on the blue ice. At this moment, he gathered the raging flames and his huge body charged toward Luo Zheng at an unbelievable speed.
Above the Heavenly Feather Holy Land, both the Battle-Saints of the Demon Clan and the Battle-Saints of the Demon Clan stopped fighting. Obviously, they were also shocked by the three black arrows that Luo Zheng had just shot out. However, when they saw Mo Xiao rushing towards Luo Zheng, a cold smile appeared on the Battle-Saints of the Demon Clan's faces.
Although the black arrows in this human brat's hands were very strange, he was still just a beginner Battle-Saint. Provoking their Ancestor Mo Xiao was simply courting death!
Mo Xiao's body was like a small mountain that was flying at high speed towards Luo Zheng. Along with the sunlight, it formed an expanding shadow that covered Luo Zheng's body.
At this moment, Luo Zheng did not dodge at all. His eyes were filled with certainty.
"Luo Zheng?" When Ling Yan saw that Luo Zheng didn't dodge, she became anxious. She knew that Luo Zheng couldn't escape even if he wanted to. It was impossible for him to escape from the hands of a Divine Ocean Realm expert!
However, Luo Zheng just calmly shouted at Ling Yan, "Ling Yan, back off!"
At the same time, the power of the dragon scales in Luo Zheng's body began to circulate crazily.
One thousand, two thousand, three thousand, four thousand, five thousand!
Limit!
This Divine Ocean Realm expert named Mo Xiao didn't use his domain. He probably underestimated Luo Zheng and thought that there was no need to use his domain to deal with a beginner Battle-Saint.
For Luo Zheng, this was an opportunity.
As long as he wasn't trapped in the domain of a Divine Ocean Realm expert, Luo Zheng was almost invincible in the Great Thousand World. He had to use all his strength while his opponent underestimated him!
"Haha! A puny first level Battle-Saint actually didn't dodge. How courageous! " Seeing that Luo Zheng was standing still like a mountain, Mo Xiao felt a little strange, but he was even more furious! This puny Battle-Saint dared to challenge him? "However, the price for your courage is to crush you into powder!"
After saying that, Mo Xiao's arm, which was as thick as an elephant's leg, suddenly swelled up. His bronze fist was already half the size of Luo Zheng's body!
"Go to hell, little guy!" Mo Xiao sneered. The Hong Kong dollars in his fist suddenly burst out. This punch was aimed at Luo Zheng, who didn't dodge at all.
Luo Zheng's eyes were calm, but the power in his hand was like a tide, surging into his fist. He also threw out a punch, but there was a strange smile on his face.
Seeing Luo Zheng's smile, Mo Xiao was a little hesitant. This guy didn't look like a lunatic, but he was still smiling even though he knew that he was going to die. There must be something fishy going on.
However, there was a proverb in the Demon Race that said, "No matter how cunning a wolf is, it can't defeat a stronger hunter!"
Mo Xiao had an absolute advantage in strength. All of this guy's tricks were just castles in the air, and they couldn't be carried out!
However, as soon as the two fists collided, the situation took a terrifying turn. The crowd could see that the flesh on Mo Xiao's huge fist started to crack. At the same time, the bones on his fist started to disintegrate. At the same time, the veins on his elephant-like arm started to rupture. Under the impact of the tremendous force, his muscles started to peel off from his arm! Translator: Nyoi-Bo Studio Editor: Nyoi-Bo Studio
"Kacha, kacha, kacha …"
The bones on his hand began to shatter layer by layer. However, even after shattering, the terrifying power in Luo Zheng's fist still played its role. The small pieces of bones began to disintegrate, and they really cracked into a fine powder …
With one punch, Mo Xiao's right hand was directly smashed into fine powder!
As for Mo Xiao, he was sent flying backwards due to the huge recoil from the punch.
The entire sky above the Heavenly Feather Holy Land was dead silent. Who would have thought that an almighty of the Divine Sea Realm would be defeated by a first level Battle-Saint in the end?
Moreover, this almighty of the Divine Sea Realm was from the Demon Race, which prided itself on its physical body. He was Old Ancestor Mo Xiao of the Flame Demon Holy Land!
Ling Yan, who was dozens of feet away from Luo Zheng, couldn't only be described as horrified at this moment. At this moment, Ling Yan's eyes were already hazy. She suddenly recalled the title Luo Zheng had obtained on the Innate Stele in the Tower of Sin.
Heaven-rank, a golden Heaven-rank …
Although she was not clear that on the Talent Stele, other than the Golden Heavenly Rank, there were still many other titles. Moreover, there were even Silver and Bronze titles. However, at this time, Ling Yan was born with an absurd yet accurate premonition. That title, even in the Upper Realm, was most likely something that very few people could obtain!
"Luo Zheng! That brat is Luo Zheng! "A Battle-Saint of the Demon Race suddenly roared as if he had discovered a new continent.
The majority of the Battle-Saints of the Demon Race present had never seen Luo Zheng before. However, a small number of Battle-Saints of the Demon Race had left the Tower of Sin and their cultivation had broken through the peak Battle-Saint level, becoming a Battle-Saint powerhouse.
Just now, these Battle-Saints didn't dare to confirm Luo Zheng's identity. Although this figure was somewhat familiar, according to the intelligence of the Twin Devil Holy Land, Luo Zheng had already left the Sea God Continent.
At this moment, someone finally recognized Luo Zheng's identity!
"Luo Zheng! It's that human from the Tower of Sin! "
"The enemy of our Twin Devil Holy Land!"
"He was only a beginner Battle-Saint before the year! Now, he has actually become a Battle-Saint! "
"But how could a Battle-Saint level cultivator defeat Old Ancestor Mo Xiao?"
At this moment, the Battle-Saints of the Demon Race's expressions were extremely rich. Back then, Luo Zheng was able to drive the Demon Race out of the Tower of Sin because the experts of the Twin Devil Holy Land couldn't enter the Cursed Land. But now, Luo Zheng didn't rely on the Tower of Sin. Instead, he stood upright in the Sky Feather Holy Land and challenged Old Ancestor Mo Xiao.
However, with this punch, one of Old Ancestor Mo Xiao's arms was crippled. On the other hand, Luo Zheng looked completely fine. The Battle-Saints of the Demon Race were completely unable to accept this reality!
On the other hand, the Battle-Saints of the Demon Night Clan were originally in despair. However, the moment they saw Luo Zheng, they seemed to have seen hope. Although Luo Zheng was only a Battle-Saint powerhouse, the scene just now had already shown Luo Zheng's strength. It was enough to become their hope.
＝＝＝＝＝

Chapter 922
When Mo Xiao flew out, he smashed into hundreds of towering trees that reached into the clouds. Those trees had been burned in the chaotic battle, leaving only carbonized tree trunks.
After repeated collisions, a fierce fire suddenly erupted from Patriarch Mo Xiao's body. He finally stabilized his body. Looking at his empty right shoulder, the shock and anger on his face became even more intense!
When he heard someone call out the name "Luo Zheng," Mo Xiao was even more shocked and speechless!
He never thought that the slightly thin human youth in front of him was actually Luo Zheng, the person who drove the Demon Race out of the Tower of Sin!
"Boom!"
Fierce flames spread out from Mo Xiao's body. The intense heat immediately burned the carbonized thousand-year-old trees into white ashes.
Mo Xiao slowly rose in height. His huge eyes calmly stared at Luo Zheng.
Calmness was more terrifying than anger. At this time, everyone knew that Patriarch Mo Xiao was finally serious …
"You are Luo Zheng!" Mo Xiao stared at Luo Zheng and said coldly, "Seeing is believing. You have just stepped into the Battle-Sage realm and yet you have such power. No wonder, no wonder …"
When the group of Peak Battle-Supremes of the Demon Race were driven out of the Tower of Sin by Luo Zheng, Mo Xiao was furious!
To the Twin Devil Holy Land, being driven out of the Tower of Sin by a human Battle-Supremes was definitely a great humiliation! Therefore, those Peak Battle-Supremes who had left the Tower of Sin had become trash in Mo Xiao's mouth.
Under Mo Xiao's reprimand, those Peak Battle-Supremes did not dare to raise their heads. However, there was a trace of unwillingness in their eyes.
At that time, Mo Xiao could not understand why these juniors of the Demon Race were unconvinced. Now, Mo Xiao finally understood that Luo Zheng's strength could not be measured by his cultivation base!
Luo Zheng's gaze was indifferent and did not reveal the slightest trace of fear. However, in his heart, he was thinking about his next step.
Although his punch just now had directly crippled one of Mo Xiao's arms, he knew that if Mo Xiao activated the Domain of Fire, he would still be unable to fight against him.
Once his connection with the Great Thousand World was cut off, he would not be able to resist the attack of a Divine Sea Realm Almighty with just the body of a Sacred Artifact!
This was Luo Zheng's hidden danger.
As Mo Xiao spoke, he slowly approached Luo Zheng and then continued, "Although I don't know how you did it, the power that you just unleashed is enough to make me admire you! Unfortunately, you are just a Battle-Sage without your own Domain! I don't know if you can defeat me with just strength! "
At this time, Luo Zheng, and Luo Zheng's Luo Zheng, and Luo Zheng and Luo Luo Zheng's strength.
After he finished speaking, he did not hesitate. The Domain of Fire spread out and his figure once again rushed toward Luo Zheng!
This time, Luo Zheng did not stand still. Instead, he suddenly retreated. This was the first time Luo Zheng had confronted Mo Xiao because he was 100% confident. However, now that Mo Xiao had activated his Domain and was closing in on him, Luo Zheng would not stand there stupidly and wait for his death …
Whoosh …
Seeing Luo Zheng's figure rapidly retreat, Mo Xiao said faintly, "What are you afraid of? My Domain? Just now, I felt that … the power that hit your fist seemed to have fallen into some abyss. You are afraid … Afraid that I will cut off your connection with that abyss, right? "
Mo Xiao did not know that the abyss he had guessed was actually the entire Great Thousand World. Luo Zheng had transferred his power to the Divine Essencefused Mountain.
Luo Zheng frowned slightly. Mo Xiao was indeed very sensitive. Although he did not know if he had fused with the Will of the Great Thousand World, he could deduce a rough answer!
Now that Luo Zheng was constantly retreating, Mo Xiao's guess was confirmed. The Raging Inferno Domain that spread out from Mo Xiao's body became even brighter. Waves of heat spread out, igniting the forest below the Heavenly Feather Holy Land. The entire Heavenly Feather Holy Land was immersed in a sea of fire. Under the waves of heat, everyone's vision was constantly refracted and fluctuated.
Although Luo Zheng's retreating speed was not slow, Mo Xiao's speed was still much faster than Luo Zheng's. Many people from the Demon Night Clan suddenly became nervous.
In their eyes, Luo Zheng's sudden appearance was their last hope. However, when they saw Luo Zheng keep retreating, this hope seemed to be getting dimmer and dimmer. It was impossible for Luo Zheng to reverse this chaotic battle by himself.
Just as Luo Zheng was about to be enveloped by Mo Xiao's Domain, a blue light shone down. Lan Bing's Water Domain cut down from the sky and blocked Luo Zheng's path.
"Mo Xiao, you are going all out against a junior. You are too exaggerated!" Lan Bing said coldly. "Your opponent is me!"
Mo Xiao sneered and shook his head, "Lan Bing, you are no match for me. As for Luo Zheng … he is definitely not a junior. Even if he is only a beginner Battle-Saint, he is still qualified to be my opponent!"
"What an honor." Luo Zheng stood behind Lan Bing. The dark golden longbow appeared in his hand again and the black arrow was nocked on the bowstring. Then, he said, "Lan Bing, think of a way to hold this guy back."
Mo Xiao's eyelids twitched when he saw the black arrow in Luo Zheng's hand. On the other hand, Lan Bing had already witnessed the might of the black arrow. If she could keep Mo Xiao busy, then she might be able to kill him!
"Okay, I will do my best!"
As soon as Lan Bing finished speaking, she gently bit the tip of her tongue. Her body swayed and she burned her essence blood. Suddenly, numerous blue water tornadoes appeared in her Water Ripple Domain. They were like hundreds of octopus tentacles that swept toward Mo Xiao!
"Hold me back? In your dreams! " Mo Xiao gently clenched his remaining left hand, and flaming blades shot out from his Domain, instantly slicing the water tornadoes apart!
However, when the two Divine Sea Realm experts were fighting, the black arrow in Luo Zheng's hand shot out again!
"Whoosh … Pa pa pa!"
The three accelerated black arrows arrived in an instant. However, Mo Xiao was prepared this time. He swayed and dodged Luo Zheng's arrow by a hair's breadth.
After missing the first arrow, Luo Zheng nocked another arrow on the bowstring. The second arrow arrived in an instant …
Then the third arrow …
The fourth arrow …
With the cooperation of Luo Zheng and Lan Bing, Mo Xiao was indeed having a hard time. Although he was strong enough to suppress Lan Bing, it would take some time for him to take her down. Although he was stronger than Lan Bing, Lan Bing's Water Technique was very effective in restraining him.
Now, he had to divert his attention to dodge Luo Zheng's deadly black arrow. With one less arm, he could not concentrate on fighting against Lan Bing's water tornadoes.
For a moment, Mo Xiao was in danger. Luo Zheng's black arrow flew past Mo Xiao's ear several times and almost pierced his head!
"Go help Old Ancestor Mo Xiao!"
Some of the Battle-Saints below saw that Old Ancestor Mo Xiao was in danger and rushed up to help.
However, the Battle-Saints of the Fiendish Night Clan naturally wouldn't let them. Soon, the Battle-Saints of the Sky Feather Holy Land began to fight again …
Mo Xiao was also complaining incessantly. He didn't think that he would be in such trouble. If this continued, it would only be a matter of time before he was killed by Luo Zheng!
However, at this moment, three more streaks of light flew over from the horizon!
Another three Divine Sea Realm experts!
However, when Mo Xiao noticed the three Divine Sea Realm experts, he was overjoyed. On the other hand, Lan Bing and Luo Zheng's faces darkened.
"Mo Ji, Mo Wuliang! Hurry up and help me kill the kid who shot the arrow! "Mo Xiao shouted to the sky as he fought against Lan Bing.
Two of the three Divine Sea Realm Almighties in the sky were the other two Divine Sea Realm Almighties from the Flame Devil Holy Land. Extreme Mo and Endless Mo were chasing after one of the Divine Sea Realm Almighties from the Sky Feather Holy Land, Tian Xuan!

Chapter 923
"Oh?" The two Divine Sea Realm experts of the Demon Clan in the sky looked at Lan Bing with confusion. With Mo Xiao's strength, he could easily crush Lan Bing. They didn't expect that Mo Xiao would be at a disadvantage!
"Whoosh …"
Another black arrow shot out from behind Lan Bing. This black arrow brushed past Mo Xiao's face and left a thumb-sized wound on his rough face!
If the arrow had been two or three inches away, his head would have been pierced!
"You two, what are you waiting for? Hurry up and kill that brat! That brat is Luo Zheng!" Mo Xiao roared. He was furious at Mo Ji and Mo Wuliang. He was in danger, but the two of them were still standing there in a daze!
"Luo Zheng?"
"That archer is Luo Zheng?"
Mo Wuliang and Mo Ji could see that Luo Zheng's arrow was extraordinarily powerful. Mo Xiao was helpless against Lan Bing.
"Haha, so that brat is Luo Zheng! Mo Xiao, I'll help you kill him! "Mo Ji laughed. He changed directions and flew past Lan Bing, heading straight for Luo Zheng.
The Divine Sea Realm Demon Night Clan expert called Tian Xuan didn't need Luo Zheng or Lan Bing to say anything. She turned around, and tens of thousands of dark blue wind blades appeared. She wanted to stall Mo Ji.
"Your opponent is me." At this moment, Mo Wuliang stood in front of Tian Xuan, blocking her path.
The Demon Race had three Divine Sea Realm Demons, while the Sky Feather Holy Land only had two. The situation was extremely unfavorable for Luo Zheng.
In addition to the Battle Sages and Divine Sea Realm Demons in the sky, there were countless Battle Sovereigns, Generals, and Warriors fighting in every corner of the Sky Feather Holy Land!
However, the Demon Night Clan was extremely powerful. In the battles between Battle Sovereigns, Generals, and Warriors, the Demon Night Clan had the upper hand. They were forcing the Demon Race to retreat.
However, the Demon Night Clan's War Exalts and Generals weren't in the mood to fight. Instead, they were focused on the battle in the sky …
No matter how much advantage they had, it was useless. Once the Divine Sea Realm experts of their clan were defeated, the curtains of the war would fall. Therefore, when the creatures of the Demon Night Clan's holy land saw the three Divine Sea Realm experts of the Demon Race appear, all of their faces were filled with despair.
"My king … can no longer protect us?" A woman from the Yao Night Clan had a sorrowful look on her face as her weapon fell to the ground. Her expression was dim as she muttered to herself.
She wasn't the only one. The other women from the Demon Night Clan were also praying. Perhaps the three kings of the Demon Night Clan would bring them a miracle at the final moment!
The Eight Trigrams Wheel floated far away in the sky. The Ancestral Dragon was hopping around on the Eight Trigrams Wheel, constantly making gurgling noises from its mouth. It seemed to be very anxious.
The Ancestral Dragon's soul had been imprinted with Luo Zheng's imprint, so it could sense the danger Luo Zheng was in. However, Qing Feng had used a barrier to envelop the Ancestral Dragon. It was still too small. No matter how hard it tried, it couldn't pass through the barrier!
"Ai, let's go down and help. We can't really let this kid die here," Qing Feng said coldly.
Yuze snorted. "Hmph, he knows we'll definitely help. That's why he's charging down so recklessly!"
Boss Mo smiled faintly. "In any case, he brought us to the Sea God Continent. What's so hard about dealing with a few Demon Race rats? Yuze, Gu Pei 'er, you two go down! "
Gu Pei 'er nodded and jumped down from the Eight Trigrams Wheel. Yuze helplessly waved the Onyx Blade in his hand. Then, he turned into a streak of light and flew towards the Sky Feather Sacred Land.
When Lan Bing saw the other Demon Race Divine Sea Realm expert charging down, she clenched her teeth and bit the tip of her tongue again, burning her essence blood again.
Burning essence blood could, for a short period of time, increase her strength. However, she couldn't burn her essence blood indefinitely. After burning it, she needed a long time to recover her essence blood.
"Hualala …"
The water tornadoes danced even more wildly. However, this time, it was impossible for her to stop two Demon Race Divine Sea Realm experts by herself.
However, at this moment, she glanced over and noticed that Luo Zheng didn't shoot the black arrow in his hand. Instead, he stood there motionlessly with a smile on his face.
What was going on?
Had he given up?
Lan Bing hadn't interacted much with Luo Zheng, but she knew Luo Zheng's personality very well. He wasn't someone who would give up so easily. So why would he …?
At this moment, Lan Bing noticed that two more people were rapidly approaching from the distance!
They were a man and a woman. The man held a large black blade in his hand, while the woman had a flower in her eyes … Both of them looked extremely strange. More importantly, their strength!
At this moment, Lan Bing's eyes widened. These two people's strength had surpassed the Spirit Sea Realm! Lan Bing sensed an extremely terrifying aura emanating from them, and even Liu Yu wasn't a match for them at all!
Could they be Divine Realm experts? At this moment, such a guess suddenly appeared in Lan Bing's heart.
The Yao Night Clan wasn't cut off from the Upper Realm. It wasn't difficult to obtain information about the Upper Realm through the King Statue, so Lan Bing came to this conclusion easily.
However, the three Demon Race Divine Sea Realm experts were different. They didn't even know that the realm above the Divine Sea Realm was called the "Divine Realm". Therefore, when the three Demon Race Divine Sea Realm experts saw Gu Peier and Yu Ze, they all had strange expressions on their faces!
They felt that it was strange. How could this man and woman be so powerful? If they were stronger than the Divine Sea Realm, then what were their cultivations? Were they really Immortals from the Upper Realm?
The Yao Night Clan and the Demon Race fell into fear and confusion. At the same time, both sides were trying to guess the intentions of this man and woman. Which side were they on?
Without a doubt, with their strength, it would be too easy for them to destroy the Sky Feather Sacred Ground and the Twin Demon Sacred Ground …
But why would such powerful existences interfere in a battle of this level?
The answer was quickly revealed. Gu Peier slowly floated towards Luo Zheng and said, "That's enough. Let's end this quickly. We still need to find materials for Ha Peng to make a puppet!" Gu Peier and the others didn't care about the battle below at all. A battle of this level was as boring as a child's play in front of the Demi-Immortals.
Yu Ze snorted at Luo Zheng and mocked, "You're too useless. A mere Divine Sea Realm guy lost so badly. You want to have the talent of a Golden Demi-Immortal?"
Luo Zheng shrugged his shoulders. This time, Luo Zheng didn't show any signs of weakness when facing Yuze. He just smiled faintly and said, "When I step into the Extreme Divine Realm, I'll beat you ten times over!"
"Pfft." When Gu Peier heard this, she instantly laughed. Then, she said, "That's really possible!"
Frankly speaking, whether it was Yu Ze or Gu Peier, when they were in the Life and Death Realm, they couldn't fight against Divine Sea Realm experts. For Luo Zheng to be able to do this, even in the Demi-Immortal Clan, which was full of geniuses, it was an exaggeration.
However, Yu Ze didn't like Luo Zheng from the very beginning. That was why he mocked him.
Luo Zheng, Gu Peier, and Yu Ze were chatting happily. On the other hand, the Demon Night Clan and the Demon Race were in a state of ice and fire!
Lan Bing, Tian Xuan, and the other Battle Saints of the Demon Night Clan were burning with passion! It was as if a taut string had been loosened. Some of the Demon Night Clan women even felt like collapsing! Because at this moment, they knew that the Sky Feather Sacred Ground had made it through!
As for the Demon Race … Mo Xiao, Mo Ji, and Mo Wuliang, the three Divine Sea Realm experts, as well as the many Battle Saints and War Reverends of the Demon Race, their hearts fell into a bottomless abyss at this moment.
Luo Zheng's conversation with them was a death sentence for the Demon Race!

Chapter 924
The two Divine Sea experts looked indifferent, but at this moment, the pressure they exerted on the Demon Race was as great as a mountain.
"Enough chit-chat, let's get down to business!" Gu Pei 'er's words made Yu Ze extremely unhappy. He chose to hastily end this topic, as his gaze landed on the tall and sturdy Demon Clan member. The Onyx Blade in his hand gently swayed as he said, "Fortunately, our target is actually a Demon Clan member. I have never had a good impression of the Demon Clan …"
Gu Peier smiled faintly. "What a coincidence, I'm the same."
In the Upper World, the Demon Race was not weak, but they were extremely aggressive and domineering!
The Demi-Immortal Race was a neutral existence in the Upper World. Their goals were poles apart from the other races. The Human Race, the Demon Race, and the Demon Race all had the core goal of expanding their own race. However, the Demi-Immortal Race was formed by countless geniuses from other races. This race was originally very unique in the universe. Their goals were completely different from the other races in the sense of the word.
Because the Demi-Immortal Race was neutral and incomparably powerful, they had good relations with most races in the universe. For example, the Human Race, the Demon Race, and the other powerful races in the universe.
However, the Demi-Immortal Race and the Demon Race had always been in a state of hostility. On one hand, the Demon Race had a strong sense of identity with their own race. They did not allow any Demon Race genius to join the Demi-Immortal Race. If they were found to be traitors, they would be hunted down in the universe.
On the other hand, the Demon Race had a fierce temper. They had fought with the Demi-Immortal Race several times, and even Celestial Masters had made a move.
Because of this, the Demi-Immortal Race had a very bad impression of the Demon Race. Now that they were in the Lower World, how could they let these Demon Race people go?
If it weren't for the fact that they were pressed for time, even if it weren't for Luo Zheng, they would have destroyed the Demon Race's Holy Land.
Hearing Gu Peier and Yu Ze's words, Mo Xiao became anxious. Although he did not know where these experts came from, he would not allow his Flame Demon Holy Land to be destroyed so easily!
"Two … two seniors! Can you listen to me? "Mo Xiao's rough voice trembled.
"Hm? What is it? "Yu Ze looked at Mo Xiao indifferently.
Mo Xiao quickly said, "This is a grudge between the Twin Demon Holy Land and the Heavenly Feather Holy Land. Seniors, I'm afraid it's inappropriate for you to interfere?"
Yu Ze smiled. Of course, he knew that this Demon Spirit Sea Realm warrior was making his last struggle. "Not suitable? What's wrong with that? "
"The conflict between our two clans will naturally be resolved by us. Seniors, can you please be magnanimous …" Mo Xiao also knew that the reason he came up with was very lame. Cultivators revered the strong as the heavens, and if they wanted to attack, they could find a hundred reasons to do so. However, Mo Xiao could only bite the bullet and continue speaking, hoping that these two would let them off.
Lan Bing and Tian Xuan immediately revealed nervous expressions. The current situation was very simple. The two Ultimate Divine Stage practitioners in front of them would determine the direction of the battle. Most importantly, the two of them might not necessarily stand on Luo Zheng's side. What if they were persuaded by Mo Xiao?
. "If the two seniors don't interfere, the Twin Demon Holy Land will give you all the treasures of our clan and bow to you …" Mo Xiao continued.
"Enough." Yu Ze yawned and raised the Onyx Blade in his hand. Then, he revealed an evil smile. "I have no interest in the treasures of a small Holy Land. In comparison, I'm more interested in slaughtering demons!"
"Do it. Stop wasting time." Gu Peier smiled faintly. The flower in her eyes began to spin.
Seeing that begging for mercy was useless, Mo Xiao, Mo Wuliang, and Mo Ji's expressions changed. Vital Essence burst out of their bodies and they flew in three different directions!
No one was willing to sit and wait for death. Knowing that they were no match for them, the three chose to escape at the same time!
"Escape?" Yu Ze's face revealed a bit of coldness. His body suddenly turned into a black shadow. After circling once on the spot, his figure flashed and disappeared in front of everyone.
In the next moment, everyone saw the black shadow shoot toward Infinite Mo. No one saw how Yu Ze made his move. All they saw was a flash of black light, and Infinite Mo's hill-sized body spat out several clouds of blood mist as he plummeted to the ground.
After Yu Ze finished off the first person, he turned into a ray of light and rushed toward Mo Ji …
As for Gu Peier, she chased after Mo Xiao with a bell-like laughter. Compared to Yu Ze's sharp blade technique and terrifying speed, Gu Peier only followed behind Mo Xiao slowly. The flower in her eyes began to emit a faint green light.
Being enveloped by the light, Mo Xiao's speed gradually slowed down. Soon, a look of fear appeared on Mo Xiao's face as he continued to let out earth-shattering roars. The Ghost Head Staff in his hand constantly danced with flames as he frantically attacked the empty space in front of him.
"Roar, roar, roar …"
As the speed of the Demonic Howl became faster and faster, an arrow of blood suddenly burst out from his chest. His heart actually burst open on its own. The Demonic Race was huge, and their hearts were far stronger than the average living creatures. After the heart burst open, the arrow of blood that shot out actually shot dozens of feet away.
After his heart exploded, the power of the Demonic Howl began to weaken rapidly and he fell down. His eyes were still wide open. Even at the moment of his death, he was still immersed in fear and could not extricate himself.
"It's an illusion …" Lan Bing whispered.
"He was so scared that his heart exploded and he died …" Tian Xuan nodded. Seeing Mo Xiao's reaction, she also felt sad.
The Demon Clan was indeed domineering, but the Demon Clan was very brave. If it could scare Mo Xiao's heart, then how terrifying was the illusion?
Gu Peier was still smiling. With her hands behind her back, the flower in her right eye stopped spinning and flew toward Luo Zheng.
"Whoosh …"
After dealing with Mo Ji and Mo Wuliang, Yu Ze appeared beside Luo Zheng. He coldly urged, "Alright, now that we've dealt with these three rats, we'll have to trouble your friends from the Demon Night Clan to help us gather the materials!"
Now that the three Divine Sea Realm experts of the Demon Clan had been killed in an instant, the rest of the Demon Clan's morale plummeted. They all scattered and fled …
As for the members of the Demon Night Clan, their morale was greatly boosted. They began to chase after the Demon Night Clan.
Lan Bing and Tian Xuan didn't make a move. The outcome was already decided. They knew what they had to do.
Therefore, before Luo Zheng could answer Yu Ze, Lan Bing had already bowed respectfully to Yu Ze. "Senior, the Fiend Night Clan will forever remember your kindness. What materials do you need? The Sky Feather Holy Land will do everything in our power to help you! "
To their surprise, Yu Ze chuckled and said politely to Lan Bing, "Hehe, it's nothing special. You can talk about it after you've dealt with those rats."
Seeing Yu Ze's attitude, Luo Zheng's expression turned strange. Yu Ze's personality was very annoying. He never said anything nice. Why was he being so polite to the Demon Night Clan?
Luo Zheng's face was filled with confusion. Beside him, Gu Pei 'er giggled and explained to Luo Zheng in a soft voice, "The person this fellow likes is a woman from the Yao Ye clan …"
Hearing this, Luo Zheng finally understood. The Demi-Immortal Clan had many geniuses. It wasn't strange for the Demon Night Clan to appear in the Demi-Immortal Clan. He didn't think that Yu Ze would be so polite to the Demon Night Clan. No wonder he was working so hard to kill the Demon Clan.
At this moment, Tian Xuan said worriedly, "Lan Bing, I don't know how Lady Liu Yu is right now. If the Demon Fear Holy Land really went to kill Lady Liu Yu, I'm afraid she's already …"
Luo Zheng's eyes flashed. He sank into his memories of the Great Thousand World. He let out a sigh of relief and said with a smile, "Liu Yu is fine. She's on her way back."
After speaking, Luo Zheng looked into the distance. After a few dozen breaths, a streak of light flew towards the Sky Feather Holy Land.
＝＝＝＝＝

Chapter 925
That streak of light was extremely fast. In an instant, it was already near the Heavenly Feather Sacred Ground.
When Lan Bing and Tian Xuan saw who it was, they heaved a deep sigh of relief. It was Liu Yu …
At the same time, the two women were shocked again. What was going on with Luo Zheng? It was as if he could predict the future. How did he know that Liu Yu would return at this time?
Ling Yan, who was standing not far away, was also very curious. She could not understand how Luo Zheng did it. When he fought with Sola of the Demon Race, he was able to calculate his opponent's lifespan in an instant. He even accurately calculated the number of days and months. He seemed to know everything about the Great Thousand World. Could this guy be the incarnation of God?
Whoosh …
Liu Yu, who was dressed in a light purple robe, was frantically rushing forward. She was extremely anxious!
Since these guys from the Fear Demon Holy Land dared to chase after her, the Flame Demon Holy Land would definitely attack the Heavenly Feather Sacred Ground. Lan Bing and Tian Xuan alone would not be enough to stop the Flame Demon Holy Land's invasion.
As she rapidly advanced, she saw thick plumes of smoke rising from the Heavenly Feather Holy Lands, and her beautiful face quickly darkened. She gritted her teeth and made up her mind. If the Heavenly Feather Holy Lands were to be destroyed, she would kill all the demons in the Twin Devil Holy Lands alone!
However, when Liu Yu entered the Heavenly Feather Sacred Ground, she saw Lan Bing and Tian Xuan standing there unharmed. Just as she was feeling curious, her gaze landed on a human youth in a white brocade robe. Her beautiful eyes suddenly emitted an indescribable luster.
"Luo Zheng!"
She was originally puzzled. Now that she saw Luo Zheng, she instantly found the answer. No matter how the Heavenly Feather Sacred Ground resisted the invasion of the Demon Race, it must have something to do with Luo Zheng!
"Lord Liu Yu!"
"Lord Liu Yu, are you alright? The Fear Demon Holy Land knew about your movements and wanted to take advantage of your tribulation to … "Lan Bing and Tian Xuan asked excitedly.
Liu Yu nodded. "You mean these three guys?" With a gentle wave of her hand, three large heads appeared in her hand. One of the heads belonged to the leader of the Fear Devil Holy Land, Ku Ao!
The three Divine Sea Realm cultivators of the Fear Devil Sacred Ground were all killed by Liu Yu!
Seeing this, Luo Zheng just smiled faintly. Through the memory of the Boundless World, he had already found this result. Liu Yu was indeed extremely tough. Not only did he survive the Heavenly Tribulation safely, but he could even kill three mighty figures of the Spirit Sea Realm of the Devil Tribe by himself!
Liu Yu casually tossed the three heads aside and walked towards Luo Zheng. At this time, she suddenly noticed Gu Pei 'er and Yu Ze behind Luo Zheng. Gu Pei' er and Yu Ze emitted a faint aura, which made Liu Yu secretly shocked. However, since they were standing behind Luo Zheng, it seemed that these two were the ones who turned the situation around?
This speculation wasn't hard to come by. Although Luo Zheng was extremely talented, he couldn't fight against a Divine Sea Realm cultivator even after breaking through to the Life and Death Realm. The two in front of her were Divine Sea Realm cultivators!
"Luo Zheng! Just now … "Liu Yu was about to speak.
Luo Zheng nodded and said to Liu Yu, "I still have to thank these two friends behind me for their help. Otherwise, the Heavenly Feather Sacred Ground wouldn't have been able to survive this tribulation."
Liu Yu nodded. Her figure flickered and she actually knelt down on one knee in front of Gu Pei 'er and Yu Ze, "My Demon Night Clan will engrave this kindness into our tombstone and forever be grateful!"
Gu Pei 'er looked indifferent and didn't react. Yu Ze, who was always indifferent, laughed, "It's just a small matter! Speaking of which, you seem to have been recognized by my Demi-Immortal Clan? "
"Demi-Immortal Clan?" Liu Yu stood up and heard Yu Ze's words. Her eyes suddenly flashed, "You're talking about the Talent Tombstone!"
Yu Ze nodded, "I can feel the mark of the Demi-Immortal Clan on you. If I'm not wrong, you should be in the second row of the Talent Tombstone!"
Liu Yu nodded. Apart from Luo Zheng, Liu Yu was the only one who could be in the second row. In the Tower of Sin, anyone who could enter the second row would leave behind a mark of the Demi-Immortal Clan.
"That's easy to say. You and I are of the same clan …"
Hearing Yu Ze's long speech with Liu Yu, Luo Zheng couldn't help but roll his eyes. He was also recognized by the Demi-Immortal Clan, but this guy didn't even smile at him.
After Liu Yu understood the purpose of Luo Zheng's visit, she instructed Lan Bing and Tian Xuan to deal with the aftermath of the Heavenly Feather Sacred Ground while she personally helped them gather the materials. Under Gu Pei 'er's instructions, the five people on the Wheel of Eight Trigrams also came over and entered the Sacred Tree with Liu Yu.
Ha Peng listed the materials he needed one by one. Liu Yu glanced over the list and revealed a troubled expression. Most of the materials on the list were available in the Heavenly Feather Sacred Ground. Only a few materials could be found in a day or two. However, there were two or three materials that she had never heard of.
"It's understandable that the lower realms are lacking in resources!" Yu Ze smiled faintly. "Ha Peng, change the materials and replace them with other materials."
Fortunately, Ha Peng's attainments in the art of puppetry were extraordinary. After pondering for a moment, he listed several other materials that could be used as replacements. After going back and forth a few times, he finally settled on the list. However, it would take another day or two to gather all the materials.
The seven people from the Demi-Immortal Clan could only rest in the Yao Ye Clan …
At this time, Situ Haotian of the Purple Heart Holy Land also rushed over. The Twin Devil Sacred Ground's attack on the Yao Ye Clan was very sudden. By the time the humans received the news and rushed over, the dust had already settled.
Liu Yu stood on a branch at the top of the Sacred Tree and looked down at the scorched Heavenly Feather Sacred Ground. Her face revealed a pained expression.
Situ Haotian said a few words of consolation before a stern expression appeared on his face. "The next step is to directly remove the Twin Devil Sacred Ground from the Sea God Continent …"
The Divine Sea Realm experts of the Twin Devil Sacred Ground had all perished. Before a new Divine Sea Realm expert was born, even the Purple Heart Holy Land was strong enough to destroy the Twin Devil Sacred Ground!
Liu Yu nodded slightly, then turned her head and asked, "Luo Zheng, I want to know how my king is doing."
A while ago, the light on Xun's king statue had almost completely dissipated. Liu Yu had almost thought that Xun had died, but the light had slowly stabilized as it was about to dissipate. Now, it was gradually recovering. She was worried about Xun's current situation!
If it weren't for the fact that she was about to face a major tribulation, Liu Yu would have gone to the Central Domain to look for Luo Zheng.
Luo Zheng nodded, then took out a brown branch from his body.
"Soul Nourishing Wood!" Liu Yu's eyes trembled.
Under normal circumstances, the Soul Nourishing Wood was only a means to prolong one's feeble existence. If the situation wasn't critical, it would be impossible to use the Soul Nourishing Wood.
Luo Zheng's face also revealed a sorrowful expression. "Xun helped me block a soul attack. Her soul was on the verge of collapse. I had no choice but to put her soul into the Soul Nourishing Wood."
Liu Yu clenched her teeth, a hesitant expression on her face. "Let's use the sacred tree's life force one more time. At least it'll be able to awaken my king …"
Hearing this, Luo Zheng shook his head. "I think it's best if we don't."
After the chaotic battle with the Twin Devil Sacred Ground, the entire Heavenly Feather Sacred Ground was in a mess. If they wanted to restore the Sacred Ground, they had to borrow the sacred tree's power!
From Luo Zheng's point of view, the giant sacred tree was already riddled with holes. Moreover, the sacred tree had already used its power to nourish Xun. If they used too much of the sacred tree's power, the entire sacred tree would probably wither away …
"But my king is the most important. I can feel the sacred tree's will. It's willing to sacrifice itself to save my king!" Liu Yu insisted.
Luo Zheng sighed, then said, "Xun only fell into this state because of my will. Moreover, the sacred tree's nourishment isn't enough to completely heal the damage to her soul. I will find a way to revive her."
In truth, the Soul Nourishing Wood in Luo Zheng's hand wasn't inferior to the sacred tree's. It was just that the power of the Soul Nourishing Wood was gentle, and its effects were slow. However, it was enough to protect Xun's soul.
At that moment, a yellow-clothed woman from the Night Demon Clan walked over from the sacred tree's branch. She bowed to Liu Yu.

Chapter 926
Liu Lan had kept her head down the entire time.
When she heard Liu Yu's question, she suddenly raised her head. Her eyes shone with a blue light, like two fireflies in the darkness.
The moment she raised her head, she charged at Luo Zheng and reached for the Soul Cultivation Wood in Luo Zheng's hand.
Luo Zheng didn't expect that a member of the Night Demon Clan would attack Xun!
Xun's soul was extremely weak and couldn't take any more torture. Moreover, there was only one piece of the Soul Cultivation Wood. If this person broke it, Xun's soul would be beyond saving!
Luo Zheng reacted quickly. With a flip of his hand, he tossed the Soul Cultivation Wood into the air.
Liu Lan's figure flashed as she leaped up. Just as she was about to grab the Soul Cultivation Wood, Luo Zheng snorted coldly. He grabbed Liu Lan's leg and pulled her down.
"Get down!"
With a plop, Liu Lan was pulled down. The Soul Cultivation Wood wobbled and fell back into Luo Zheng's hand.
The two guards beside Liu Yu had already pinned Liu Lan to the ground, one on her left and one on her right.
Liu Yu's gaze was like lightning as he stared at Liu Lan. He asked in a deep voice, "Liu Lan, what are you doing?"
Liu Lan didn't care about Liu Yu's words at all. She sneered, "You're Luo Zheng, right?"
"This voice …" Luo Zheng frowned. He had heard this voice before. It came from the King Statue that Luo Zheng had destroyed in the Hall of the Holy Tree.
"My King!"
When they heard this voice, everyone from the Night Demon Clan knelt on one knee.
The Night Demon Clan had a total of three King Statues. Xun was the King who controlled slaughter, and this was the King who controlled punishment. He must have used a secret technique to take over Liu Lan's body. This time, he wanted to kill Xun.
Liu Yu could roughly guess the dispute between the two kings. However, a dispute of this level was far from something she could participate in. Therefore, Liu Yu had no choice but to maintain a neutral attitude and watch how the situation developed.
Liu Yu and the others were from the Demon Night Clan, but Luo Zheng wasn't. When he thought about how Xun's soul would have disappeared if he had been a bit slower, a hint of ruthlessness appeared on his face.
"Yes, my name is Luo Zheng." In spite of his anger, Luo Zheng laughed. "What's your name? The Demon Night Clan's King of Punishment! "
Liu Lan said indifferently, "You don't have the right to know my name, but I'll give you a piece of advice. Hand over the Soul Wood and let Xun's soul dissipate from this world. Then, I can consider letting you go."
Hearing this, Luo Zheng stood on the spot. After a moment of silence, he suddenly threw his head back and laughed wildly. "Hahahaha!"
"What are you laughing at?" Liu Lan asked.
Luo Zheng laughed coldly as he walked towards Liu Lan. When he saw the azure light in Liu Lan's eyes, he said, "No wonder, no wonder …"
"No wonder what?" Liu Lan asked again.
"No wonder Xun said you're a b * tch. Her soul is in danger right now, but you're determined to kill her. You are indeed a b * tch!" Luo Zheng scolded Liu Lan.
It was reasonable to say that insulting a king of the Demon Night Clan like this in the Demon Night Clan's holy land was extremely disrespectful. If it were anyone else, Liu Yu would definitely kill them. However, this matter involved the dispute between two kings. Liu Yu only knelt on one knee and didn't help either side.
Liu Lan smiled faintly when she heard Luo Zheng's insults. "You're quite brave, and your life is quite tough. So what if you're destined to participate in the Battle of the Worlds? This Battle of the Worlds wasn't created for you alone. Every time a Battle of the Worlds descends, many people will die. Believe me, you'll definitely be one of them … "
Luo Zheng's eyes were calm as he looked at Liu Lan indifferently. Then, he said coldly, "It doesn't matter whether I'm one of them or not. What matters is that you're a b * tch."
"If you're willing to hand over the Soul Cultivation Wood, I can use the Demon Night Clan's power to …" Liu Lan frowned and continued to tempt Luo Zheng.
"You're a b * tch!"
"My status is higher than Xun's. My abilities are far beyond your imagination …"
"You're a b * tch!"
"I …"
"You're a b * tch!"
No matter what the King of Punishment said, Luo Zheng repeated the same sentence. After seven or eight sentences, the King of Punishment finally exploded. She controlled Liu Lan's body and roared, "Liu Yu, kill him!"
Liu Yu didn't do anything. She was still kneeling on the ground respectfully. The other members of the Demon Night Clan were also kneeling on one knee. They didn't move.
Since she couldn't count on anyone else, the King of Punishment could only do it herself. However, Liu Lan was a third-rank Battle-Saint. She couldn't do anything to Luo Zheng. Furthermore, she was controlling Liu Lan's body, so her strength was greatly reduced. It was just like how Luo Zheng controlled Feng Nianyun's body with his soul core. He couldn't unleash Feng Nianyun's strength either.
"Bang bang …"
After a few moves, Liu Lan was subdued by Luo Zheng. However, this wasn't the end. Luo Zheng's body shook as he flew towards the Hall of the Holy Tree.
When they saw Luo Zheng enter the Hall of the Holy Tree alone, one of the members of the Demon Night Clan whispered to Liu Yu, "Lord Liu Yu, Luo Zheng has entered the Hall of the Holy Tree …"
Liu Yu shrugged and could only say, "Just pretend you didn't see anything."
After Luo Zheng entered the Hall of the Holy Tree, he walked towards the azure statue of the King of Punishment. He patted the statue twice and smiled as he said, "Do you have anything else to say?"
The King of Punishment's statue suddenly trembled. She opened her eyes again. Just as she was about to say something, Luo Zheng beat her to it and said, "You're a b * tch!"
The face on the exquisite statue started to contort in anger. "Luo Zheng, how dare you insult me like this? If you ascend to the Upper Realm one day, I'll …"
"Clang!"
Before the statue could finish speaking, Luo Zheng punched out again and smashed the statue to pieces. Then, he shook his fist and said with a smile, "B * tches are so pretentious!"
After smashing the woman's statue, Luo Zheng returned to Liu Yu's side with a relaxed expression. The members of the Demon Night Clan didn't say anything and pretended that nothing had happened. However, this scene left Situ Haotian and the others dumbfounded. They couldn't figure out what the Demon Night Clan was trying to do.
Although Luo Zheng's expression was very relaxed, he was secretly thinking that once he recovered Xun's soul and found a body, he would definitely help her regain her position and take back everything that belonged to her. As for that b * tch, he would make her feel like a b * tch!
The Heavenly Feather Holy Land's recovery ability was astonishing.
After all, the entire Holy Land was built around the Holy Tree. However, the Holy Tree seemed to be heavily damaged. Even the main trunk was burned, but the roots of the Holy Tree were unharmed.
The roots of this sacred tree extended hundreds of feet into the ground. Some of the horizontal roots even extended for hundreds of miles. It was constantly absorbing the nutrients of the earth. In just one day, the scars on the surface of the sacred tree had recovered by quite a bit.
Not only that, but while the Holy Tree was recovering, it was also nourishing the entire Heavenly Feather Holy Land. Therefore, many green sprouts appeared in the Heavenly Feather Holy Land. It seemed that it was only a matter of time before the Heavenly Feather Holy Land fully recovered.
As for Situ Haotian and the others from the Purple Heart Holy Land, they had already joined forces with Lan Bing and the other Divine Sea Realm experts to kill their way to the Twin Devil Holy Land. The other races on the Sea God Continent were also in shock.
When the Demon Race was expelled from the Tower of Sin, the other races knew that the Demon Race was destined to decline. However, they didn't think that it would decline so quickly. In less than a year, the once famous Twin Devil Holy Land was about to be destroyed!
However, the destruction of the Demon Race wasn't a bad thing for the other races. This powerful race was too tyrannical and ruthless. In comparison, the Human Race and the Demon Night Clan were much gentler. For example, the Human Race had already taken control of the Tower of Sin, but they weren't like the Demon Race, who casually broke the rules and killed other races.
Two days later …
The Demon Night Clan had gathered all the materials that Ha Peng had listed.

Chapter 927
What made people click their tongues in amazement was that these eight puppets were exquisitely crafted. Each puppet's appearance was almost the same as Boss Mo and the others.
Luo Zheng sized up these puppets, and finally, his gaze fell on his own puppet. He was suddenly speechless, "Why is my puppet's strength so much weaker than yours?"
The materials used to make these puppets were very complicated. The seven Demi-Immortal puppets were roughly equivalent to the Life and Death Realm, but Luo Zheng's puppet was equivalent to the False Tribulation Realm …
Yu Ze coldly said, "Isn't this normal? Anyway, your strength is much weaker than ours. "
Luo Zheng rolled his eyes, too lazy to refute this guy.
Boss Mo indifferently said, "Since it's like this, we can control these puppets and enter the cursed land."
Everyone nodded. After waiting here for a few days, they were eager to enter the Exquisite Pagoda. Thus, they poured a wisp of their soul into the puppets, and the puppets opened their eyes and moved freely.
However, at this time, Luo Zheng was somewhat at a loss … He didn't know how to split his soul.
Although Luo Zheng's soul was comparable to the existence of the Blue Spirit Realm, he still hadn't stepped into the Blue Spirit Realm.
The key was that he could control the shape of his soul, but he didn't practice the Soul Splitting Technique.
The so-called Soul Splitting Technique was to peel off a part of one's soul, forming a unified but completely independent soul.
Xun's soul was actually a Soul Splitting Technique, but her body and main soul had already fallen. That wisp of Soul Splitting Technique was the only soul left.
Seeing Luo Zheng's helpless appearance, Yu Ze cast a mocking smile. Gu Pei 'er slightly smiled, and then said, "Luo Zheng, I'll help you. First, I'll separate a part of your soul from your body."
Hearing Gu Pei 'er's words, Luo Zheng released a wisp of his soul from between his eyebrows. Then, the flower in Gu Pei' er's right eye slightly rotated, and an invisible and gentle force quietly floated over. Soon, Luo Zheng felt that his soul was pulled by a light force, and a wisp of his soul was naturally separated.
Then, Luo Zheng controlled that wisp of soul, drilling into his puppet.
The eight people sat quietly, and the eight puppets directly jumped onto the Eight Trigrams Wheel. Without further delay, they went straight to the cursed land.
The puppets' bodies weren't rejected by the cursed land, and the Eight Trigrams Wheel almost didn't stop, directly breaking through the cursed land. After a while, a huge pagoda appeared in front of everyone. the Evil Tower, the Exquisite Pagoda of the Demi-Immortal clan.
"As expected." Boss Mo's puppet smiled and said, "It is indeed the Exquisite Pagoda!"
Qing Feng said indifferently, "It seems that the Linglong Pagoda hasn't been opened yet."
....... "....... com
Luo Zheng asked curiously, "Unfold? What do you mean by unfold? "
Boss Mo smiled. "You'll know in a while."
"Whoosh …"
Ha Peng's puppet controlled the Eight Trigrams Wheel, and quickly landed at the door of the first floor of the Exquisite Pagoda.
Seeing the Eight Trigrams Wheel and the puppets on the Eight Trigrams Wheel, many races of the Sea God Continent showed a curious expression.
No one on the Sea God Continent had the skill of making puppets, and they couldn't feel any trace of life from these puppets. For a while, there was a lot of discussion.
"What are these things? They don't look like humans! "
"Luo Zheng! One of them looks like Luo Zheng! "
"Did he return to the Sea God Continent? But looking at it carefully, this guy seems to be made of mica gold … What is this thing? "
Boss Mo didn't care about these creatures at all, and walked towards the Exquisite Pagoda. As for the two giants at the door of the Exquisite Pagoda, they quickly opened the door when they saw the people of the Demi-Immortal Tribe. Although they were puppets, they were still comparable to Life and Death Realm puppets. Moreover, they were controlled by several Ultimate God Realm masters. Who in the Tower of Sin could be their opponent?
Along the way, they naturally attracted the attention of countless people.
First floor, second floor, third floor, fourth floor …
Climbing up floor by floor, Luo Zheng sighed when he saw the familiar world in the pagoda. He didn't expect that he would return to the Tower of Sin, and in such a way. He couldn't help but sigh in his heart.
Yu Ze looked at Luo Zheng's expression and sneered. "I'm about to expose your lie. Why do I feel sad?"
Luo Zheng smiled faintly and retorted. "Someone is about to swallow his weapon. I feel sad too."
Seeing Luo Zheng's confident look, Yu Ze was startled. Could it be that he really obtained the title of Gold Demi-Immortal in the Talent Stele? Impossible. Yu Ze shook his head, his face still full of disbelief.
As for the others, they were too lazy to think about this problem. Whatever it was, everything would be clear once they entered the tenth floor.
The battle on the tenth floor of the Tower of Sin was as fierce as ever!
As soon as they entered the tenth floor, they saw a circle of people surrounding the Talent Stele. It seemed that someone had entered the Talent Stele to take the test.
After Boss Mo took a few steps on the tenth floor, he suddenly stopped. His eyes looked over the heads of all the creatures and stared at the wall.
Luo Zheng's name was originally at the top of the first row, so he didn't need to squeeze into the crowd to see it clearly. Boss Mo saw Luo Zheng's name and suddenly stopped.
Not only Boss Mo, but Qing Feng also stopped. Ha Peng's puppet was a work of art. Even its expression and eyes were vivid. At this moment, Qing Feng's gaze was incomparably complicated, as if he had fallen into deep thought!
As for Gu Pei Er, her eyes were shining. She laughed softly and said, "It seems that my premonition was quite correct!"
The others were all silent. Yu Ze's expression was the most exaggerated. His mouth was wide open, and his face even revealed an almost lifeless expression.
When Luo Zheng obtained the title of Gold Demi-Immortal in the Talent Stele, many creatures on the Sea God Continent were incomparably shocked. However, they didn't know what Gold Demi-Immortal meant.
In the eyes of the natives of the Sea God Continent, Liu Yu was the strongest genius in the history of the Sea God Continent. Even Liu Yu could only be ranked above the second row, which was considered second-grade for the time being. However, Luo Zheng directly surpassed him by one grade and was listed at the top of the Talent Stele alone. This meant that Luo Zheng's talent was two grades higher than Liu Yu's!
However, for the people of the Demi-Immortal Clan, they were even more clear about the ranking of the Talent Stele.
Gold, silver, and bronze were divided into three major ranks here! Within each color, there were various titles. Although the difference between them wasn't big, there would still be a big gap if one progressed step by step.
Demi-Immortal was the top title!
"Gold Demi-Immortal, it's really Gold Demi-Immortal. Since Evil Moon became a Celestial Master 400,000 years ago, there hasn't been a full title in the Demi-Immortal Clan!" Boss Mo murmured.
400,000 years was a long time, but compared to a Gold Demi-Immortal, it was a very short time.
In terms of time, an Era of Evolution was 3.6 billion years, and in this era, there were only six people who obtained the title of Gold Demi-Immortal. If one were to count from "Evil Moon", the last person to obtain the title of Gold Demi-Immortal was probably tens of millions of years ago, or even hundreds of millions of years ago. This span of time was almost unimaginable.
Gu Pei Er's face revealed a trace of pride. Previously, she didn't make a move against Luo Zheng, and it was indeed an incomparably correct premonition. This time, she chuckled and said to Yu Ze, "Did someone make a bet with me?"
Yu Ze's expression became extremely unnatural. However, his temperament was extremely serious. This puppet's face didn't have any blood vessels, so it didn't blush. However, the real body controlling the puppet in the Heavenly Feather Holy Land was already blushing. It was obviously impossible for him to swallow the Dark Nether Blade, but he couldn't find a way to get out of this embarrassing situation.
Boss Mo naturally didn't care about the bet between Yu Ze and Gu Pei Er, but he suddenly remembered a very important matter.
＝＝＝＝＝

Chapter 928
Life and Death Realm warriors had to go through the first minor tribulation.
Any warrior who could get a title on the Talent Stele would open their lotus during the heavenly tribulation!
Luo Zheng went through the minor tribulation on the Feather Emperor Island. At that time, these Divine Realm warriors were still in the Heavenly Stellar Holy Land, thinking about how to lure the evil dragon out. Naturally, they didn't know about Luo Zheng's tribulation.
Now, Boss Mo thought of this crucial question.
Most of the warriors who could get a title would open their lotus. If so, what kind of lotus did Luo Zheng have when he went through his first minor tribulation?
Three leaves? Five leaves? Seven leaves? Nine leaves?
Although this was his first time undergoing a Heavenly Tribulation, there was a high chance that he would sprout the Seven-leaf stage or even the Nine-leaf stage. Perhaps, he had even formed his phenomenal Lotus Flower.
"Luo Zheng, when you went through the minor tribulation, did you have a lotus?" Boss Mo asked in a low voice.
Boss Mo's voice had a hint of respect for Luo Zheng. It was a world of difference from his previous attitude.
Boss Mo knew very well what a golden Heavenly Realm warrior meant to the Heavenly Realm warriors. As a Divine Realm warrior, he was much stronger than Luo Zheng. However, Luo Zheng was now a seed with unlimited potential. He could only look up to him in the future.
Even the arrogant Qing Feng was swept away at this moment. A fact that he didn't believe even if he was beaten to death had been verified. He didn't have the right to be arrogant in front of Luo Zheng.
The eyes of the Heavenly Realm warriors were focused on Luo Zheng's face, waiting for Luo Zheng to answer Boss Mo's question.
Facing Boss Mo's question, Luo Zheng hesitated for a moment and then answered, "Yes."
"How many? How many lotus did you open? "Qing Feng seemed to be more anxious than Boss Mo.
The symbol of lotus was different from one's talent. The more lotus one opened, the higher the possibility of surpassing the Heavenly Path. The higher one's talent, the faster one's growth. However, in general, lotus and talent were related to each other to a certain extent. Those with low talent couldn't open their lotus, but those with high talent couldn't open their lotus.
Luo Zheng smiled and asked, "Boss Mo, how many lotus leaves did you open?"
"You're asking me?" Luo Zheng did not answer Mo Wuji's question. Instead, he asked Mo Wuji a question. Boss Mo smiled faintly. "After entering the Extreme Divine Stage, the Lotus Flower blooms and opens seven leaves."
Having seven lotus leaves was already an incredible feat. Even among the geniuses of the Demi-Immortal Clan, there weren't many who were able to do so.
Qing Feng said indifferently, "In the last heavenly Tribulation, I opened five leaves."
Gu Pei 'er smiled sweetly. "I've also attained the Five-leaf stage …"
She, Gu Peier, didn't get a title on the Talent Stele. Her talent was much lower than Boss Mo and Qing Feng's, but she also opened five leaves.
"Yes." Luo Zheng nodded and then said, "In the last heavenly tribulation, I opened 35 lotuses."
"35 …" Yu Ze almost choked on his breath.
Qing Feng and Gu Peier's eyes widened. 35 lotuses was a number they couldn't imagine.
However, Boss Mo was a little calm. The birth of a golden Heavenly Realm title meant that Luo Zheng's future was beyond everyone's imagination. He said indifferently, "Only one leaf can reach perfection. Hehe …"
"What if it's perfect?" Luo Zheng asked curiously.
Boss Mo laughed and said, "When you open the last lotus leaf, you'll know."
Just as everyone was discussing, a sudden noise came from the Talent Stele.
Luo Zheng and the others stood on the tenth floor while controlling the eight puppets. Although they attracted a lot of attention, the creatures on the tenth floor seemed to be more curious about a certain warrior who was being tested on the Talent Stele!
Looking past everyone's line of sight, the door of the Talent Stele suddenly opened, and a human youth walked out from the door.
The human youth's appearance was ordinary, and he only had the cultivation base of a tenth-grade warrior. However, his expression was full of confidence!
Then, the Talent Stele began to change. A layer of faint silver light covered the wall, and the silver light eventually formed the word "Asura."
"Asura: Zhao Li."
The huge words hung below Luo Zheng's name!
"Ah! Zhao Li, this kid! He's really amazing! He actually surpassed the first row and is ranked behind Luo Zheng! "
"Doesn't that mean Zhao Li's talent is second only to Luo Zheng? Heavens, what's wrong with the human race? In less than a year, such a monstrous genius has appeared one after the other! "
"The rise of the human race was originally unstoppable. Situ Haotian has already led people to attack the Twin Devil Holy Land. I'm afraid the Twin Devil Holy Land will be destroyed by now …"
Qing Feng, Boss Mo, Yu Ze, Gu Peier, and the others all stared blankly at the name on the Talent Stele. Their faces were full of expressions as if they had seen a ghost …
After a while, Qing Feng said, "I've really seen a ghost. This Great Thousand World is too strange!"
Silver Asura title …
This kid called Zhao Li, on the Talent Stele's test, had already surpassed the seven people of the Demi-Immortal Clan!
Even Boss Mo only obtained a silver title, and it wasn't a particularly high title …
In the Demi-Immortal Clan, those who could obtain a gold title were few and far between, and those who could obtain a silver title were few and far between. This kind of talent was enough to make one a core member of the Demi-Immortal Clan, just like Boss Mo, who was placed in an important position by the Demi-Immortal Clan. Therefore, when carrying out missions, the other six people had to follow Boss Mo's lead.
In a mere lower realm, Luo Zheng had appeared, which was already shocking enough. Now, a young human with the title of Silver Asura had appeared in front of them. The seven people of the Demi-Immortal Clan felt incomparably strange and shocked!
When this young man called Zhao Li came out, several peak War Reverends of the human race appeared from the upper ranks.
Now, the status of the human race in the Tower of Sin was completely different from before. The human race and the Demon Night Clan had become the true rulers of the Tower of Sin, and the other races had no way to resist.
Zhao Li, surrounded by the crowd, seemed very happy. Although he was very confident in his talent, to be able to surpass the first row and obtain a title, placing him below Luo Zheng, he was very satisfied! To Zhao Li, surpassing Luo Zheng was something he didn't have any hopes of.
Although Luo Zheng had left the Sea God Continent, he had become a mythical existence in the Purple Heart Holy Land. Who could surpass a mythical figure?
At this time, Boss Mo controlled his puppet and walked towards the young man called Zhao Li.
Zhao Li's face revealed a trace of doubt. He had just walked out of the Innate Stele, so he didn't notice the eight strange things that had appeared on the tenth floor. Although these people looked like humans, he could only sense a trace of soul fluctuations from them. There was no aura of life.
The peak War Reverends of the human race also looked over vigilantly. These people's origins were unknown, and their sudden appearance in the Tower of Sin made them very vigilant. However, everyone was attracted by Zhao Li's results and didn't have time to pay attention to them.
However, there were still people with sharp eyes who noticed Luo Zheng not far away!
"Luo Zheng! It's Luo Zheng! "
"Luo Zheng returned to the Sea God Continent?"
"Something's not right. Although this guy looks like Luo Zheng, he doesn't seem to be human …"
"It's just a replica. How dare he pretend to be Luo Zheng? What is he up to?"
There were no puppets on the Sea God Continent. Even if there were, they were very simple and crude existences. It was impossible for someone like Ha Peng to create a lifelike puppet.
The puppet that Ha Peng made for Luo Zheng was almost no different from Luo Zheng's main body. However, a real person and a puppet were different in the end. In the eyes of a martial artist, they only needed to use their perception to lightly sweep over the puppet and they would be able to detect that something was wrong.

Chapter 929
Originally, Boss Mo had something to say to Zhao Li.
According to the rules of the Demi-Immortal Clan, all warriors recognized by the Talent Stele would be invited to join the Demi-Immortal Clan.
Of course, Boss Mo would not let Zhao Li get away with the Silver Asura title.
In fact, Liu Yu should have been invited as well. However, Liu Yu could only be ranked in the second row of the Talent Stele. Although this result was one of the best in the Sea God Continent, it was not outstanding in the Demi-Immortal Clan. After all, the second row was the lowest limit of the Demi-Immortal Clan.
However, before Boss Mo could speak, he suddenly heard a woman from the Human Clan say such words. She could even see through the origin of these puppets at a glance. Boss Mo, Qing Feng, and the others immediately became alert.
Luo Zheng glanced over and met Yun Luo's eyes. A faint smile appeared on his face.
Yun Luo nodded and smiled at Luo Zheng. Then, she continued, "Zhao Li comes from the Human Clan's Purple Heart Holy Land. After he ascends in the future, he will be important to the Human Clan. Your Demi-Immortal Clan should not interfere."
Hearing Yun Luo's words, Qing Feng and the others immediately frowned.
Now that they had confirmed Luo Zheng's talent and unexpectedly found another genius, the Demi-Immortal Clan could not let him go. Luo Zheng would be fought for by the Demi-Immortal Clan. Similarly, they would not let this little guy named Zhao Li go.
Boss Mo said coldly, "Who are you? Which branch of the Human Clan are you from? "
"That's not important." Yun Luo shook her head. "I'm just telling you that Zhao Li will not be taken away by you."
Qing Feng snorted. "The Ascension Passage of this Great Thousand World has collapsed. If we don't bring him to the Upper World, he will be confined to this Great Thousand World for the rest of his life!"
"You don't have to worry about that. It's just going to the Ascension Passage. It's not too difficult to repair it." Yun Luo shook her head.
Boss Mo slowly took two steps forward, looked at Yun Luo, and continued, "You're just a little guy in the False Tribulation Realm. How can you stop us?"
Yun Luo's gaze was indifferent. "You're just a bunch of kids at the Ultimate Divine Realm. How could you be so hard to stop?"
The faces of the seven Demi-Immortals turned unsightly. How could this mysterious human woman be able to determine the level of their cultivation bases with a mere fragment of her soul? Who was this person?
Seeing the ugly expressions on the faces of the Demi-Immortals, a rare smile appeared on Yun Luo's face. "Don't worry. Given Zhao Li's fate, he shouldn't have joined your Demi-Immortal Clan. As for Luo Zheng, that's his own fate. If Luo Zheng wishes to join your Demi-Immortal Clan, I won't stop him."
When Luo Zheng had obtained the Fragment of the Heavenly Dao, Yun Luo had said the same thing. She had told Luo Zheng that she would not interfere with Luo Zheng's choice. Everything would be up to Luo Zheng.
"What does that mean …" Boss Mo and the others were confused when they heard that.
They could give up on Zhao Li. Although the number of Silver Asura warriors was extremely small, there was still a considerable gap between them and Gold Demi-Immortals.
However, Luo Zheng was also a human. Why would this mysterious woman be willing to capture him? Logically, they couldn't figure it out.
Seeing the expressions of the Demi-Immortals, Yun Luo said indifferently, "Some words don't need to be said so clearly. I'm just telling you that Luo Zheng's fate seems to be the Battle of the Great Era. However, in reality, he's a fateless one."
"A fateless one?"
When they heard Yun Luo's words, it was as if they had fallen into a fog.
Even Gu Pei 'er, Yu Ze, and the others of the Demi-Immortal Clan were puzzled.
Only Qing Feng seemed to have thought of something. His face was filled with shock. "A fateless one? He's a fateless one? " After saying this, he shook his head like a rattle-drum, as if he was going to shake his head off.
Luo Zheng's expression was also strange. What the hell? A fateless one? What did that mean?
Yun Luo gently turned around. "It's not good to stand here and talk. Everyone, let's move to the living area!"
Everyone followed Yun Luo out of the Talent Monument. Many warriors were whispering in private. Yun Luo had just said that they were from the Demi-Immortal Clan!
Although the Exquisite Tower was called the Tower of Sin on the Sea God Continent, through the Book of Demi-Immortal at the top of the Tower of Sin, they understood that this tower seemed to belong to the Demi-Immortal Clan. All peak War Venerables could read the Book of Demi-Immortal, so it wasn't a secret.
"What does that mean? These people are at the Ultimate God Realm? Are they even stronger than Divine Sea Realm experts? "
"Demi-Immortal Clan. That means they're the original owners of the Tower of Sin! Did they come here to take the Tower of Sin? "
Many of the living beings on the tenth floor became nervous when they heard someone say this. The Tower of Sin was far too important to the Sea God's Continent.
The Sea God Continent had always been in chaos. It was originally a barren land. If it weren't for the Tower of Sin, not to mention the Divine Kingdom Continent, even the Central Domain would be far inferior to it.
Now that everyone heard that the Demi-Immortal Clan had come to the Tower of Sin, how could they not be nervous?
"Did Luo Zheng bring them here?"
"That's too much! Luo Zheng also obtained a lot of benefits in the Tower of Sin, although he … "
"Don't talk nonsense. Luo Zheng is different from you guys. He has his own plans for what he does!"
Over here, many creatures were arguing endlessly. In the living area, Yun Luo had already sat down peacefully. The small wooden clogs on her feet gently knocked on the floor, making crisp sounds.
"What does the Fateless mean?" Yu Ze finally couldn't help but ask Qing Feng.
Qing Feng frowned and thought for a while. Then, he said, "When I was in the Great Realm Pavilion of the clan, I read a book called 'Destiny'. It recorded a strange truth. According to 'Destiny', everything in the universe is predestined. Our fate has been firmly fixed. There is no deviation at all!"
"Every smile, every sentence, every step, and every consideration has already been arranged. The rest is just a meaningless rehearsal," Yun Luo continued to say.
Gu Pei 'er puffed up her cheeks and shook her head. "I still don't understand!"
"It's normal that you don't understand," Qing Feng said indifferently. Then, he stood up and looked around. He saw a wooden plate on a stone table beside him. He grabbed the wooden plate and said, "What will happen if I let go of it?"
"Nonsense, the tray will definitely fall to the ground," Gu Pei 'er said doubtfully.
Qing Feng nodded and let go of the tray. The tray in his hand fell to the ground, making a crisp sound. "You predicted that the tray would fall."
"Pfft …" Gu Pei 'er smiled. "You're talking nonsense!"
Qing Feng continued, "Because you knew that I would drop the tray. You knew the height I raised the tray, the speed I fell, and the place I fell. So you predicted the cause and effect."
"Hmm." Gu Pei 'er nodded. She felt that Qing Feng's words were getting more and more mysterious.
"If someone witnessed the birth of the Yan Era, he could predict everything that would happen in the 3.6 billion years of the Yan Era?" Qing Feng said.
"That's impossible!" Yu Ze couldn't help but stare at Qing Feng. "Can you predict what I will do next? In the billions of years of the Yan Era, the number of creatures in the universe is more than a trillion. There are powerful figures in our clan who can predict the future, but they can only see a trace of it in the chaos. Qing Feng, you should know better than me. "
Seeing Yu Ze's excited look, Yun Luo, who was slowly kicking her wooden clogs, said, "What if it's not a person, but the Heavenly Dao?"
Qing Feng nodded. "The Way of Heaven has deduced everything. The birth of every living creature and the end of every life have long been settled. Everything is predestined, including the fact that I'm standing here and saying this!"
"The Heavenly Dao …" Yu Ze's face was a little dazed.

Chapter 930
In theory, the entire Evolution Era was started by the Heavenly Dao. Therefore, the Heavenly Dao was able to predict every person's fate.
Just like a wooden plate, it would fall from a certain height to a certain place. How everyone lived, how they died, when they laughed, when they cried, everything was under the control of the Heavenly Dao.
However, in this world, there were always some unexpected things. In this universe, there existed a small number of people whose fates were not under the control of the Heavenly Dao.
In other words, the Heavenly Dao could not predict how these people were born, nor what their fates would be in the future …
Luo Zheng's face was extremely shocked. Even Qinglong in his mind sighed. "Hehe, I didn't expect that I was not as clear as this little girl of the human race. Luo Zheng, you are a Fateless …"
Yun Luo slowly stood up and said, "So when Luo Zheng appeared here for the first time and obtained the title of Golden Heavenly Immortal, I didn't affect his decision! As for the Demi-Immortal Tribe, if you can persuade Luo Zheng to join you, I won't interfere. However, you can't touch Zhao Li, who just obtained the title of Silver Asura. "
The seven members of the Demi-Immortal Tribe were silent. In their eyes, Luo Zheng was like an alien.
Boss Mo turned to Luo Zheng and said, "So, Luo Zheng, are you willing to join our Demi-Immortal Tribe?" Whether Luo Zheng was a Fateless or not, in Boss Mo's opinion, since Luo Zheng had the title of Golden Heavenly Immortal, they could not let him go. If they let Luo Zheng go and the higher-ups of the Demi-Immortal Tribe found out, it would be a great crime.
Luo Zheng pondered for a moment. His eyes flashed, and then he smiled. "I don't think I have a choice …"
Yu Ze laughed coldly, "At least you have some self-awareness!"
"Anyway, no one can see my fate. Joining the Demi-Immortal Tribe doesn't sound like a bad thing, but I have a request." Luo Zheng's expression suddenly changed.
"What request?" Boss Mo asked again.
Luo Zheng said, "The Exquisite Pagoda will remain on the Sea God Continent for 500 years."
Actually, Luo Zheng had made up his mind from the very beginning. The Sin Tower was too important to the various races of the Sea God Continent, especially the human race and the Demon Night Clan. Most importantly, the Purple Heart Holy Land had yet to fully develop.
Although the threat of the Twin Devil Holy Land would no longer exist in the future, if the Demi-Immortal Clan were to take away the Sin Tower now, it wouldn't affect the Demon Night Clan too much. However, it would be a huge problem for the Purple Heart Holy Land.
"500 years?" Boss Mo muttered.
No matter how one looked at it, this deal was extremely cost-effective. At least they could smoothly persuade Luo Zheng to join the Demi-Immortal Clan, and they didn't need to go through a lot of trouble.
But at this time, Qing Feng said, "300 years! Right now, the Linglong Pagoda is only displaying half of its power. We can help you fully unfold the Linglong Pagoda! The effect of the Light of Creation will be far greater than it is now, and the number of floors of the Exquisite Pagoda will reach 30. "
"Fully unfold?" Luo Zheng's eyes suddenly lit up.
Qing Feng nodded. The Demi-Immortal Clan's three Trial Pagodas all had 30 floors. However, the Exquisite Pagoda in front of them only had 15 floors …
Although this plan was good, Luo Zheng suddenly shook his head, "Forget it. In the Exquisite Pagoda, you can only cultivate to the peak war saint level. Even if you unfold the entire Exquisite Pagoda, it won't make much sense."
The Exquisite Pagoda was located in the Cursed Land, and the highest cultivation level could be controlled at the peak war saint level. If one exceeded this limit, they would be attacked by the power of the curse. Therefore, unfolding more floors was meaningless.
"This problem is too easy to solve. Just inscribe a teleportation array in the Exquisite Pagoda," Qing Feng said.
Luo Zheng still shook his head, "If we inscribe a teleportation array in the Exquisite Pagoda, won't it be eaten by the pagoda?"
Qing Feng smiled faintly, "The teleportation array you inscribe will naturally be swallowed, but the one we leave behind won't be!"
His words convinced Luo Zheng. If they could really leave a teleportation array in the Exquisite Pagoda, then regardless of whether it was a war saint or a Divine Sea Realm expert, they would be able to freely enter and exit the Exquisite Pagoda. However, they would still be affected by the power of the curse in the Exquisite Pagoda, but it would be fine as long as it didn't exceed a month.
Thinking of this, Luo Zheng looked at Yun Luo and asked, "Brother Fen Qin and Brother Zhuo He, are they still at the bottom of the Evil Pagoda?"
Yun Luo nodded, "Yes, after becoming war saints, they have been cultivating at the bottom of the pagoda."
"It seems that they will be able to see the light of day again," Luo Zheng said with a smile, "Let's call them up first …"
Entering the pagoda from the bottom of the pagoda, they could stay for about a month. If they could set up a teleportation array, they would be able to leave the Exquisite Pagoda freely.
Luo Zheng and the Demi-Immortal Tribe reached a simple agreement. Then, Yun Luo sent a message to the Human Clan and the Demon Night Clan, ordering them to evacuate all living beings from the Evil Pagoda.
"Evacuate the Evil Pagoda? What is the meaning of this? "
"It can't be true, right? The Demi-Immortal Tribe is really going to take the Evil Pagoda away …"
"Sigh, it's a pity that I've only cultivated to the eighth grade. I didn't expect the Evil Pagoda to be taken away at this time. What bad luck!"
Many beings from various races were immediately unhappy. One by one, they began to shout, their faces filled with unwillingness.
Yun Luo didn't explain much to them. She went to the top of the Evil Pagoda with the seven war saints of the Demi-Immortal Tribe. The two war saints of the Human Clan, Zhao Fenqin and Zhou Zhuo He, were also invited up from the bottom of the Evil Pagoda. When they saw Luo Zheng, their faces were naturally filled with joy.
However, when they heard that the people around Luo Zheng were going to help them build a transportation array, they were wild with joy!
In fact, having cultivated to this level, their state of mind was very stable. Although the Evil Pagoda was very boring, they could still return to the Evil Pagoda from time to time for a walk. However, when they thought about how they would never be able to leave the Cursed Lands and be trapped in the Mysterious Underworld Cave and this small pagoda, the psychological pressure was considerable.
If the transportation array was built, they would be able to return to the Purple Heart Holy Land with the cultivation of war saints. For them, this was indeed something that would make them go wild with joy.
Outside the Cursed Lands, beings from various races crowded around the Evil Pagoda. Looking at the huge pagoda in front of them, many of them revealed unwillingness on their faces.
"Sigh, those people are too overbearing. They just took it away like that. The Evil Pagoda belongs to our Sea God Continent!"
"Although I'm not willing to accept it, according to legend, this pagoda does belong to the Demi-Immortal Tribe. Taking away something that belongs to us isn't overbearing, is it?"
"So what if you're not willing to accept it? Have you heard? They are existences at the Extreme Divine Realm. Do you know what the Extreme Divine Realm is? They are even more powerful than Divine Sea Realm experts. They can destroy your Holy Land with a wave of their hand … "In fact, the old man who spoke didn't know what the Extreme Divine Realm was. However, he only knew that the Extreme Divine Realm was stronger than the Divine Sea Realm.
Under the watchful gazes of many living beings, the entire Tower of Sin suddenly erupted with a violent tremor!
"Rumble …"
The buildings in the villages around the Sin Tower began to shake as well. It was as if a small earthquake had occurred. Some of the less sturdy houses collapsed due to the earthquake.
"They can't be controlling the Evil Pagoda to fly away, right …" Someone muttered.
Under this constant shaking, the tail of the Evil Pagoda actually began to stretch.
This huge pagoda was originally like a living body. Under this kind of stretching, it constantly "grew" in front of everyone's eyes. The original first floor of the Evil Pagoda rapidly rose into the air. As for the two giant warriors guarding the entrance, they could only stand on the ground in a daze.
Flying was forbidden in the Cursed Lands. No matter what, they didn't dare to fly up.
This tremor lasted for about half an hour. The part of the Evil Pagoda that extended from the surface was sixteen floors high. The part buried deep underground was fourteen floors high.
Qing Feng fulfilled his promise and completely opened the Evil Pagoda.
＝＝＝＝＝

Chapter 931
Even after the tremors stopped, many living beings still had looks of confusion on their faces.
"It stopped, just like that? What's going on? Weren't they going to fly away? "
"They don't have the strength to take the Tower of Sin away?"
"Perhaps …."
After a long time, they finally understood that the Tower of Sin hadn't been taken away, and the current Tower of Sin was the complete form of the tower!
However, they also learned an important piece of information. The Tower of Sin could only exist on the Sea God Continent for three hundred years. Only after three hundred years would the Demi-Immortal Tribe take it away!
This news was both good news and bad news for the Sea God Continent. However, the fact that the Demi-Immortal Tribe was willing to give them a buffer was already a great consideration.
It was said that Luo Zheng had agreed to certain conditions of the Demi-Immortal Tribe in exchange for this buffer period ….
In addition to this buffer period, the Tower of Sin had two more transportation arrays. One array led directly to the Purple Heart Holy Land, while the other led directly to the Heavenly Feather Holy Land. This way, the Demon Night Clan and the Human Race's control over the Tower of Sin was even stronger. After all, if the other races wanted to cultivate in the Tower of Sin, they would have to go through the Human Race and the Demon Night Clan's Holy Land.
After the Wheel of Eight Trigrams flew back to the Heavenly Feather Holy Land, Luo Zheng withdrew a fragment of his soul from his puppet. Looking at the puppet that was almost identical to him, Luo Zheng smiled and said to Ha Peng, "Can you give this puppet to me?"
"Of course," Ha Peng said with a smile.
Although Ha Peng wasn't the strongest of the seven Demi-Immortals, he knew a lot. However, he didn't speak much and had a straightforward personality. He left a good impression on Luo Zheng.
And so, Luo Zheng put the puppet, which was comparable to a False Tribulation Realm expert, into his spatial ring.
The Demi-Immortal Tribe had come to the Sea God Continent to take away the Twinklegem Pagoda. However, the Twinklegem Pagoda had verified Luo Zheng's title. Because of this, Luo Zheng had helped the Sea God Continent complete a deal with the Demi-Immortal Tribe ….
Luo Zheng wasn't against joining the Demi-Immortal Clan. Although Feng Nianyun called the Demi-Immortal Clan a race of lunatics, they were still considered a neutral force compared to the other forces in the universe.
Moreover, joining the Demi-Immortal Clan would have to wait until he ascended. He had just stepped into the Life and Death Realm, so it was still unknown when he would ascend.
They had stayed on the Seagod Continent for about a month. Compared to when they had first arrived, the Demi-Immortal Clan was much more eager to return. After being persuaded by Luo Zheng, the seven of them took a rare trip around the Seagod Continent.
The reason why Luo Zheng chose to stay for a month was because of Liu Yu.
At first, Liu Yu wanted to squeeze out the life force from the Sacred Tree and directly inject it into Smoky. At that time, the Sacred Tree was severely injured, so Luo Zheng naturally refused.
However, in the next few days, the Heavenly Feather Sacred Ground displayed a powerful life force. Almost every day, it changed. The originally messy Heavenly Feather Sacred Ground recovered, and all the plants began to grow crazily.
The surface of the Sacred Tree also recovered a lot. Under Liu Yu's repeated requests, Luo Zheng decided to stay for a month. When the Sacred Tree accumulated some life force, Luo Zheng gave the Soul Nourishing Tree to Liu Yu.
However, this time, Luo Zheng was much more careful. Although he had already destroyed the statue of the Punishment King, the Demon Night Clan had erected another one in the blink of an eye. Luo Zheng was afraid that damned woman would control the other members of the Demon Night Clan to attack Smoky's soul again.
At the top of the Sacred Tree, only Liu Yu and Luo Zheng were left. Then, the Sacred Tree began to gently sway, and a vigorous life force began to gather along the branches of the Sacred Tree.
This time, the amount of life force squeezed out from the Sacred Tree was far less than the last time. However, after instilling the life force into the Soul Nourishing Tree, Luo Zheng's perception entered the Soul Nourishing Tree to investigate. He sensed that Smoky's soul had recovered a lot.
Although she was still asleep, as time passed, it was only a matter of time before she woke up.
However, if she wanted to control the Sword Spirit in her body to fight like before, it would be a bit difficult.
After dealing with this matter, Luo Zheng and the Demi-Immortal Clan returned to the Central Domain. However, this time, Boss Mo and the others didn't use the Eight Trigrams Wheel. They stood on a branch of the Sacred Tree and gestured for Luo Zheng to come over.
"Don't we have to cross …" Luo Zheng asked.
Qing Feng smiled faintly. "No need. We left a transmission mark in the Central Domain. Naturally, we don't need to cross such a long sea!"
Hearing Qing Feng's words, Luo Zheng remembered that they left a blood-red cross mark in the Heavenly Palace. They also left a similar mark in front of the cemetery on the Divine Emperor Island. By leaving a mark, they could teleport at will. The divine ability of the Demi-Immortal Clan was extremely convenient. Luo Zheng sighed and stood together with Gu Pei 'er and the others.
Then, a blood-red flag appeared in Ha Peng's hand. The entire flag contained rich spatial energy. As Ha Peng gently waved the flag, a blood-red ribbon of light floated around the eight people. After a short while, a great gravitational force began to pull Luo Zheng.
"Don't resist this force," Gu Pei 'er warned.
Luo Zheng nodded. Then, the force pulled him into a transmission channel.
"Whoosh …"
He didn't know how the Demi-Immortal Clan did it. Even with a large-scale transmission array, Luo Zheng needed a lot of time to travel such a long distance. When Luo Zheng was transmitted from the Heavenly Mist Immortal Tomb to the Sea God Continent, he was seriously injured. When he returned from the Sea God Continent, he was also seriously injured.
However, with their transmission mark, it only took a few dozen breaths to return to the Central Domain. Moreover, the transmission channel they built was very stable.
In Heavenly Awakening City, the blood-red cross in front of the Heavenly Palace flickered with light. Luo Zheng and the seven people of the Demi-Immortal Clan appeared in the light.
The Demi-Immortal Clan didn't stay in the Central Domain for long. Boss Mo told Luo Zheng that they would report his matter to the higher-ups of the Demi-Immortal Clan. When the time came, someone else would take over. After that, they continued to deal with the evil dragon. Therefore, after a short pause, they activated the transmission mark again. This time, they should be heading to the Divine Kingdom Continent.
Watching the Demi-Immortal Clan slowly disappear, Luo Zheng thought to himself. The Demi-Immortal Clan, the White Brow Daoist, and Bai Yuerong of the Secret Sect had a dispute. However, this dispute didn't have much to do with Luo Zheng.
Now, Luo Zheng suddenly felt his whole body relax …
Since he stepped onto the path of a warrior, time had been like a huge rock that pressed down on Luo Zheng's body, pushing Luo Zheng forward. It was as if every breath was pressed. Luo Zheng still had some things to do, such as helping Xun regain her status and finding his sister.
However, relatively speaking, these things were relatively distant goals. For example, the strength of that young man was beyond Luo Zheng's imagination. Even now, Luo Zheng didn't doubt that that young man could kill him a thousand times over with a single glance. Even the Great Thousand World wouldn't be able to withstand that young man's attack.
Now, Luo Zheng had a rare moment of leisure.
He glanced at the Heavenly Palace. It was empty. After Ning Yudie recovered, she should have returned to the Cloud Hall. Then, would Xi Youqin follow Ning Yudie back to the Cloud Hall?
At this time, he saw a big fat man flying over. It was the Merchant Union's Union Master, Shi Kefan. After seeing Luo Zheng, Shi Kefan's face was covered in sweat. He shouted, "Luo Zheng, you're finally back! Something bad has happened! They're fighting! "
Luo Zhengcai asked curiously, "Fighting? Who's fighting? "

Chapter 932
Shi Kefan had been paying close attention to what was happening in the Heavenly Palace. When Luo Zheng returned, he immediately rushed over after receiving the news.
Looking at Shi Kefan's anxious expression, Luo Zheng had a strange expression on his face.
After Shi Kefan explained everything to him, Luo Zheng finally understood. The so-called fight was actually between Xi Youqin and Ning Yudie! Why would they fight?
There was a huge gap in cultivation between Xi Youqin and Ning Yudie. Ning Yudie was a Life and Death warrior, while Xi Youqin was only at the Divine Core realm. There was a False Tribulation realm between them, and the gap between their cultivations was very obvious.
However, Xi Youqin's strength couldn't be measured by ordinary cultivators. From the beginning to the end, she didn't rely on her own strength, but the help from the Extreme Purple Realm …
Currently, in the entire Central Domain, both Cui Xie and Wu Zhanhe had been killed by Luo Zheng. Aside from a few independent cultivators who had hidden themselves from the world, the strongest and most destructive were probably Ning Yudie and Xi Youqin. If these two girls were to fight, it would definitely cause a huge commotion.
What Luo Zheng didn't know was that after he destroyed the Tian Xie Sect, he had also killed Wu Zhanhe with a thunderous strike. The small group of people from the Tian Xie Sect who had just risen from the ashes had finally dispersed, and the entire Central Domain was slowly stabilizing.
The Void Spirit Sect and Void Sky City were slowly and orderly rebuilding, and the other sects were steadily developing as well. The Cloud Hall and the World Business Alliance's positions were further stabilized, and the topics of discussion between cultivators were gradually decreasing …
However, the fight between Xi Youqin and Ning Yudie was like a burning straw that had been thrown into a pool of oil. In an instant, it had become a new hot topic in the Central Domain, and it had spread across the entire Central Domain!
Originally, Luo Zheng and Ning Yudie had a definite relationship in the eyes of those who were good at making groundless accusations. As for this young lady from the Xi family, although most people didn't know that she was the one who had summoned the huge swords that destroyed the Tian Xie Sect, they knew about the relationship between her and Luo Zheng.
Now, these two women were in a heated argument, and it had even reached the point of a fight. The speed at which this topic spread was really fast!
However, at the same time, it also attracted a burst of envy. Not to mention that Xi Youqin was the great-granddaughter of Taoist Qing Xu, Ning Yudie alone was the dream lover of all cultivators in the Central Domain. However, Ning Yudie always had a high and mighty appearance in front of others. Whether it was her cultivation or status, she was far from what ordinary people could reach. Most people could only fantasize about her in their hearts to comfort themselves.
However, Luo Zheng, that brat, could actually cause these two women to fight over him and enjoy the happiness of having two lovers. Other than envy, there was only jealousy left. If it was some cultivators who were extremely unbalanced, they would even feel indignant.
In fact, this was also Luo Zheng's own negligence.
He left the Luo Family at the age of sixteen, and all the way, he had been practicing Martial Arts. Although he was already a young man in his twenties after several years, and compared to the cultivators in the Mortal World, he might have achieved achievements in Martial Arts that others could not reach. However, he was still ignorant about the Dao of Love.
Although Xi Youqin's temperament had changed greatly, and she was very well-behaved in front of Luo Zheng, her nature was still a person who refused to admit defeat. Although she even took the initiative to take care of Ning Yudie when she was asleep, this did not mean that Xi Youqin would choose to give in. On the contrary, her heart was tied to Luo Zheng. She could give in on other things, but she would not back down in this matter.
As for Ning Yudie, she was a proud daughter of heaven since she was a child. At a young age, she was in charge of the Cloud Hall. Luo Zheng was only a disciple of the Cloud Hall. In addition, she was older than Luo Zheng. Although a cultivator's lifespan was long, and a few years older did not mean anything, her performance in terms of emotions was, after all, much more reserved.
However, Ning Yudie was a person who pursued perfection. Even if she was immersed in Martial Arts and was not in a hurry to choose her Dual Cultivation partner, a woman's fantasy of love was basically magnificent and perfect. As long as there was a trace of flaw, it was like a black spot in a precious jade, which she could not bear!
The most troublesome thing was that Luo Zheng came back in a hurry, woke up Ning Yudie, and then left in a hurry. He did not have a proper arrangement for this matter.
After Luo Zheng left, the atmosphere between the two women underwent a drastic change. Although they did not quarrel, they did not get along well with each other. Shi Kefan and the others could see this in their eyes.
The most troublesome thing was that Ning Yudie did not immediately return to the Cloud Hall. Instead, she waited for someone in the World Business Alliance.
At this time, Granny Yu, who had gone overseas, returned!
Life and Death Realm cultivators would make thorough preparations before crossing the Life and Death Calamity.
However, the Life and Death Calamity was not so easy to cross. Life and Death Realm cultivators would seize the time to search for opportunities, and use all means to cross the calamity.
At that time, Granny Yu was old and her strength was declining. Knowing that she could not cross the second Life and Death Calamity, she had only one path to take, and that was to go overseas to search for new opportunities.
In fact, it was not only the cultivators of the Central Domain who said this. The War Emperors and War Emperors of the four Divine Kingdoms would also walk this path when they reached the end of their lifespan.
However, how could the opportunities of the overseas be so easy to find? In the vast majority of cases, these cultivators who were nearing the end of their lifespan would never return. They would be buried in some inaccessible sea region of the Great Thousand World.
Therefore, Ning Yudie also knew what Granny Yu and Ning Yudie's parting meant.
However, she never expected that when she woke up and checked her Sound Transmitting Talisman, she would receive a message from Granny Yu. Granny Yu had already returned to the Central Domain and was rushing back to Awakening Heaven City.
Ning Yudie was naturally wild with joy. Not only did her master not die overseas, she should have already crossed the second Life and Death Calamity. Not to mention her master's great increase in strength, as long as Granny Yu was still alive, it was the best thing for Ning Yudie!
After all, when Ning Yudie's entire family was annihilated, her master had become her only family.
The three leaders of the Merchant Union were also very happy when they learned of this matter. They even organized a banquet to welcome Granny Yu.
Not many cultivators were invited to this banquet, but the leaders of the fourth-grade sects of the Central Domain were invited. Among them were Taoist Priest Qing Xu and the others who were busy with the construction of the Void Spirit Sect.
When Granny Yu learned that so many things had happened after she left the Central Domain, she sighed in her heart. Fortunately, the Tian Xie Sect had been annihilated, and the Central Domain had returned to its peaceful state. There were no major hidden worries.
However …
Halfway through the banquet, Taoist Priest Qing Xu and Granny Yu were chatting. They brought up his great-granddaughter, Xi Youqin. Taoist Priest Qing Xu had originally said something polite. He had said that in the future, his great-granddaughter would marry Luo Zheng of the Cloud Hall. They could be considered relatives by marriage.
Granny Yu had been in a good mood when she heard that Luo Zheng had killed Cui Xie and even found some super experts to kill the almighty of the Divine Nations. Suddenly, she heard about Xi Youqin. Her expression immediately changed. When she turned around and saw the unnatural expression on Ning Yudie's face, the hot-tempered Granny Yu immediately turned hostile.
She knew that Ning Yudie liked Luo Zheng. If it was before, she would have felt that Luo Zheng was not worthy of her most outstanding disciple. But now, looking at them again, the two were really a perfect match. One was the leader of the Cloud Hall, the leader of the strongest sect in the Central Domain, and the other was the number one person in the Central Domain! They were a match made in heaven. Why did Xi Youqin suddenly appear?
So, Granny Yu immediately said, "A sparrow is a sparrow. How can you become a phoenix?"
Everyone present was a reputable figure. Although the Void Spirit Sect was still being rebuilt, Taoist Priest Qing Xu was not easy to deal with. With the Void Spirit Sect's foundation, it was only a matter of time before it regained its former glory. Taoist Priest Qing Xu's expression immediately turned ugly. Xi Youqin was his most beloved grandchild. How could he tolerate such words?
Therefore, Taoist Priest Qing Xu and Granny Yu quarreled on the spot. The atmosphere suddenly became very tense. As for Shi Kefan, Yan Yueshan, and the others, their faces were full of bitterness. It was too late for regrets. They should not have hosted this banquet. Who would have thought that such a small matter would become like this?
If it was just two elders quarreling, this matter would have passed. Everything would have to be discussed after Luo Zheng returned. However, Xi Xiaojie was unhappy to see his sister being talked about like this. He jumped out to speak for Xi Youqin.

Chapter 933
In the beginning, Ning Yudie sat quietly in her seat and didn't say anything due to her modesty.
However, as the quarrel became more and more intense, Granny Yu attacked Xi Youqin several times.
Xi Youqin was obedient in front of Luo Zheng, but in front of outsiders, she wouldn't show any face. So what if Granny Yu was a Life and Death Realm expert? Her great-grandfather was also there …
So, after mulling over it for several times, Xi Youqin said indifferently, "Granny Yu, you said I'm a sparrow and that I'm not a good match for Luo Zheng, but so what? Although Luo Zheng and I are husband and wife in name, we're already husband and wife in reality. "
As soon as these words were spoken, the whole place fell silent.
A cup of hundred-year-old top-grade Imperial Fen Wine was placed on the corner of Ning Yudie's tea table. She hadn't drunk a single sip during the banquet, but at this moment, she stretched out her jade fingers and drank the wine in the cup in one gulp. With her cultivation, she wouldn't get drunk, but the piercing taste of the strong wine still made her face blush. She said coldly, "Shameless!"
Between martial artists, the boundaries between men and women weren't that strict. Xi Youqin's admission of her relationship with Luo Zheng didn't mean anything. At most, it could be said that she was a little bold.
When Daoist Qing Xu heard Ning Yudie's words, he immediately became furious. "How can you talk like that …"
How could Granny Yu let an outsider teach Ning Yudie a lesson? So, the quarrel escalated and they almost came to blows.
No matter how good Shi Kefan's mouth was, it was difficult for him to persuade them. The quarrel eventually turned into a battle. Xi Youqin actually challenged Ning Yudie.
"Their battle was in Cloud Sea City?" Luo Zheng listened to Shi Kefan's recount of the events of that day as he flew towards Tianqi City's teleportation array.
"Yes, it was in Cloud Sea City!" Shi Kefan said with absolute certainty.
From the perspective of the Merchant Union, peace was the most important thing in the world. Moreover, this was not a big deal. Why did it escalate to the point where both sides had to fight?
Fortunately, at least Luo Zheng had come back. Perhaps only Luo Zheng himself could solve this problem.
After entering the Teleportation Formation in Heavenly Awakening City, Luo Zheng swiftly flew through the teleportation passageway and swiftly rushed towards Ocean of Clouds City. Fortunately, this sort of short distance teleportation passageway was extremely stable, so Luo Zheng executed his movement technique and sped through the passageway. In just a few dozen breaths of time, he'd arrived at the end of the passageway.
"Whoosh …"
As a blazing white glow arose from the teleportation formation, Luo Zheng's figure appeared within the teleportation formation in the city.
Several guards of Cloud Sea City were guarding this teleportation formation. Although the remnants of the Tian Xie Sect had been wiped out, all the main cities were still in a state of alert. Cultivators who entered and exited the teleportation formation had to be checked for their nameplates. Merchants who came and went had to be checked for the exclusive documents of the World Business Alliance.
Those Divine Illumination Realm guards sized up Luo Zheng a few times. After trying to determine Luo Zheng's cultivation, they revealed a trace of astonishment on their faces. They were completely unable to see through Luo Zheng's cultivation!
Although they knew that Luo Zheng was an existence they couldn't afford to offend, one of the guards still braced himself and dutifully asked, "Friend, may I ask who you are …."
Luo Zheng was in a hurry to stop the battle between Xi Youqin and Ning Yudie, so how could he possibly pay attention to these people? His figure suddenly floated, and those guards felt a flash in front of their eyes. Luo Zheng had already disappeared before their eyes.
That guard obeyed the order and was about to sound the alarm to stop Luo Zheng, but another guard stopped him. "There's no need to sound the alarm!"
"Why? Why would such an expert of unknown origin barge into our Cloud Sea City …. "That guard was puzzled.
"That's not an unknown origin. That's Luo Zheng from the Cloud Hall!" Another guard said.
"He's Luo Zheng!" That guard opened his eyes wide and looked at the sky in shock. However, Luo Zheng's figure was nowhere to be seen.
Above Cloud Sea City, several False Tribulation Realm cultivators were floating. Apart from them, there was no lack of Life and Death Realm cultivators, such as Granny Yu, Ning Yudie, and Daoist Qing Xu ….
These experts could be considered as the top experts in the Central Domain, but they were fighting over a man. This was probably the first time in the Central Domain that something like this had happened since ancient times.
After Ning Yudie broke through to the Life and Death realm, her overall strength had increased tremendously. Although she was only at the first level of the Life and Death realm, she was strong enough to fight those at the second level, or even the third level.
However, Xi Youqin's cultivation base was only at the Divine Core realm. In the entire Central Domain, her cultivation base was considered ordinary among all the sects. The problem was that her unique Extreme Purple Yin Body was extremely powerful! Not only was Xi Youqin able to obtain help from the Extreme Purple Realm, but she could also summon True Spirits that could destroy the heavens and earth.
If they really fought to the death, the price of this battle would be far beyond anyone's imagination.
Therefore, Ning Yudie did not underestimate Xi Youqin in the slightest. She knew that Xi Youqin had summoned countless giant swords and cut over a hundred thousand independent cultivators of the Heavenly Evil Sect into meat paste, including many Void Tribulation Realm cultivators.
Fighting with others for a man was not something Ning Yudie was willing to do.
But too bad, the man was Luo Zheng … When she recalled Luo Zheng's kiss, Ning Yudie's heart was filled with warmth. How could she share this with anyone?
"Huuu …"
A gentle breeze swept across the battlefield, causing the several meter long Ice Phoenix feathers behind Ning Yudie to flutter in the wind. A ferocious look flickered in her eyes as she formed a Profound Ice Halberd in her hand. She stared at Xi Youqin who was not far away from her.
She could sense the stubborn aura emanating from Xi Youqin, but some things couldn't be changed by stubbornness alone. Therefore, she had no choice but to attack.
Xi Youqin was indeed stubborn. The only thing that could support her when facing Ning Yudie was her stubbornness!
The pressure a Divine Core warrior would face when facing a Life and Death warrior was unimaginable. But, she didn't back down at all. There was only one thought in her mind, and that was to stay by Luo Zheng's side no matter what! Judging from this, Xi Youqin's requirements were much lower than Ning Yudie's. She didn't pursue perfection, and she didn't reject Ning Yudie either. She just wanted to have her own place by Luo Zheng's side.
Seeing Ning Yudie forming her unique Profound Ice Halberd, Xi Youqin simply stretched out her hand, causing countless ripples to appear in the sky. Numerous black shadows slowly appeared, and they were all huge swords that were being shot out from the Extreme Purple Realm!
Swoosh!
Right at this moment, a figure shot out from the Cloud Sea City at an incredible speed. Without any hesitation, he stood between the two girls.
Luo Zheng's expression was calm, but there was a smile on his face. He glanced at Xi Youqin, then at Ning Yudie. After that, he pretended not to know anything and asked, "What are you two doing?"
"Luo Zheng!"
Right when Luo Zheng appeared, the huge swords disappeared. Xi Youqin didn't have a strong will to fight, so when she saw Luo Zheng, a gentle smile emerged on her face. She floated over to Luo Zheng and held onto Luo Zheng's arm.
As for Ning Yudie, she still pointed her Profound Ice Halberd at Xi Youqin, but there was a trace of sadness in her eyes as she stared at Luo Zheng. She wouldn't stick to him like Xi Youqin.
When Daoist Qing Xu and Xi Xiaojie saw Luo Zheng, they greeted Luo Zheng with smiles on their faces.
As for Xi Xiaojie, the number one genius of the Void Spirit Sect who'd always wanted to challenge Luo Zheng but hadn't been able to get his wish, he directly called Luo Zheng 'brother-in-law'.
Granny Yu was so angry that her nose became crooked when she heard this form of address, and she grunted coldly from nearby!
"Granny Yu, I heard that you've returned from overseas. Luo Zheng is happy for you!" Luo Zheng cupped his hands towards Granny Yu.
"Haha! Luo Zheng, you aren't happy, are you? You should be wishing that I, this old man, had died outside! " In Granny Yu's eyes, Luo Zheng was indeed very good, but when it came to Xi Youqin, her temper was very bad.
Luo Zheng still had a smile on his face. What he needed to do now was to resolve the conflict between the two women. Since Granny Yu wanted to make a decision for Ning Yudie, her words wouldn't be pleasant to hear.
As for Ning Yudie, she was still like an ice sculpture. When she looked at Xi Youqin's smiling face, her face revealed a cold chill.
＝＝＝＝＝

Chapter 934
Leaning against Luo Zheng's chest, Xi Youqin felt very peaceful, as if all distracting thoughts had disappeared without a trace. Everything around her seemed unimportant.
The faint smile on Xi Youqin's face was like a thorn, stabbing into Ning Yudie's heart, making her feel extremely uncomfortable.
"Kuang …"
The Profound Ice Halberd in Ning Yudie's hand, which had just condensed not long ago, shattered into pieces at this moment and fell to the ground. However, when it fell to the ground, it had already turned into a little bit of True Qi and began to quickly dissipate into the world, returning to the world's Yuan Qi.
"Master, I want to go back." Ning Yudie turned her head, and her long Ice Phoenix feathers gently shook. She was like an Ice Phoenix, nimbly flying towards the Cloud Hall, but her lonely back seemed to be slightly injured.
"Little Die!"
"Little Die!"
Luo Zheng and Grandma Yu shouted at the same time.
But after shouting, Grandma Yu fiercely glared at Luo Zheng, and then followed after Ning Yudie.
Grandma Yu and Ning Yudie left, but there were still many elders of the Cloud Hall in front of them. Daoist Master Dameng was also among them. When he looked at Luo Zheng, his eyes revealed a trace of a bitter smile.
Luo Zheng's path of martial arts had been smooth, and it could be said that he had skyrocketed. Although it was thrilling, he would pass every obstacle. But when it came to the word "love", it seemed that it would not be so smooth.
In fact, it was normal for a martial artist to have three wives and four concubines. Not to mention the harems of the War Emperors and War Emperors in the Divine Kingdom Continent, even if an ordinary Divine Realm martial artist in the Central Domain indulged in female charms, he would also have a large number of wives and concubines!
However, Daoist Master Dameng understood the Temple Master's temperament very well. If he wanted Ning Yudie to compromise in this aspect, he was afraid that it would be an even more difficult path than the path of martial arts. Moreover, Granny Yu was eager to protect her child. She also couldn't tolerate this grain of sand in her eyes. She could only rely on Luo Zheng's own ability to resolve this conflict.
Seeing Ning Yudie leave quickly, Luo Zheng wanted to chase after her, but Xi Youqin was like a sheep, curling up in his arms. Luo Zheng's mind was in a mess, and he didn't know how to deal with this matter.
In this kind of matter, Luo Zheng appeared to be naïve and unable to grasp the propriety. This was because he was immersed in martial arts and had never experienced this kind of thing before.
In the Cloud Cloud Hall, in the Ice Palace, streams of icy mist gently spread out. There was a sense of mystery in the haziness, as if it was a paradise on earth.
A lifelike Ice Phoenix slowly flew around Ning Yudie. Although this Ice Phoenix was a visualization object, under Ning Yudie's unceasing visualization, it had gained some intelligence.
It could sense Ning Yudie's mood. Ning Yudie's mood was low, and the Ice Phoenix's mood was similarly low.
"Yo," the Ice Phoenix softly cried out.
Ning Yudie hugged her well-proportioned legs. When she heard this cry, a slight smile appeared on her face. She reached out her hand and gently stroked the Ice Phoenix's head. In addition to loneliness, there was also a trace of stubbornness in her smile.
In fact, even Ning Yudie herself didn't know why she was so stubborn. Was it because she instinctively hated Xi Youqin? Or was it because she hated Luo Zheng?
"Tock tock tock …"
Granny Yu's figure passed through the layers of icy mist and slowly walked in.
Ning Yudie glanced at her master and forced a smile on her face. She called out, "Master."
Seeing Ning Yudie's smiling face, Granny Yu sighed instead. "If you're sad, don't force yourself."
"Master, I'm not sad," Ning Yudie still smiled.
Granny Yu shook her head. "I was your age, how could I not understand your thoughts?"
In terms of martial arts attainments, Ning Yudie probably didn't lose to Granny Yu. Even if her talent was placed in the four Divine Kingdoms, compared to those Divine Rank geniuses, she was still an outstanding existence.
But in terms of the ways of the world, how could she compare to Granny Yu who had lived for so many years?
After being seen through, Ning Yudie fell silent. However, Granny Yu still felt sorry for her. She sat beside Ning Yudie and sighed. "No matter how you look at it, Luo Zheng is an excellent Dual Cultivation Partner. Moreover, martial artists have a long lifespan, so marrying and taking in concubines is a normal thing."
Previously, outside of the Cloud Hall, she was undeniably firmly on Ning Yudie's side. But now, she was persuading Ning Yudie.
"Master, if you say that he's an excellent Dual Cultivation Partner, then wouldn't all the women in the world marry him?" Ning Yudie stretched out her slender fingers. With a light twist of her fingertips, tiny snowflakes quickly condensed in her hand.
Generally speaking, snowflakes were only the size of a needle tip. Only with great eyesight would one be able to distinguish their shape. But in Ning Yudie's hand, the snowflakes extended from its four corners and expanded until they formed a palm-sized snowflake that slowly danced in her hand.
Granny Yu faintly smiled. "All the women in the world will marry him? I'm afraid this brat won't be able to take it. But you're half right. No matter what, you're too stubborn on this matter. In my opinion, that Xi Youqin is much smarter than you! "
"Smarter?" Hearing this, Ning Yudie pouted unhappily. In terms of talent, she didn't know much about the four Divine Kingdoms, but in the entire Central Domain, who could compare to her? In this regard, Ning Yudie was quite conceited.
In fact, Ning Yudie's talent wasn't low in the entire Vast Thousand Domains. If the women of the three continents were compared, she should be on par with the Divine Kingdom's Princess Huo Yun 'er. She might even be slightly inferior to Liu Yu of the Demon Night Clan. However, Ning Yudie hadn't entered the Exquisite Pagoda to train, so it was impossible to determine which level her talent belonged to.
Granny Yu, however, saw through Ning Yudie's conceit. She continued, "I'm talking about emotional intelligence. You're still a child in this aspect … Sigh, that Luo Zheng is the same."
If Daoist Master Dameng could see it, Granny Yu could naturally see it as well. However, Granny Yu cared a lot about her face. How could she lose her prestige in front of Daoist Master Qingxu? This was the reason for this dispute. But how could Granny Yu not know what these young people were thinking and doing?
If Luo Zheng's emotional intelligence was higher, this cause wouldn't have been planted, and this effect wouldn't have appeared. It was only two women. Some people with high emotional intelligence were able to take advantage of both sides and smoothly handle the women behind them.
However, in the end, they were still too young. Luo Zheng had just turned twenty, and Ning Yudie was a few years older. In the hundred or thousand years scale of a martial artist's lifespan, they were considered infants who had just been born. They were still incomparably immature.
As for Xi Youqin, it was just as Granny Yu said. Her emotional intelligence was indeed extremely high.
Perhaps Xi Youqin's behavior at the beginning was extremely foolish. However, after she followed Luo Zheng, she restrained all her small temperaments and shockingly became an obedient wife. She completely treated Luo Zheng as her own world, putting herself in it and refusing to jump out.
How many men in the world wouldn't like a woman like this?
After Ning Yudie thought about it, she seemed to understand a little. However, she just smiled lightly and said, "I can't do it now!"
When she heard Ning Yudie's words, Granny Yu's expression became a little clearer. You can't do it now, but it doesn't mean you can't do it in the future. This child seems to have thought it through a little?
In a quiet and elegant place in Cloud Sea City, Daoist Priest Qing Xu and Luo Zheng chatted for a while. Daoist Priest Qing Xu expressed his gratitude to Luo Zheng. After all, Luo Zheng was a key figure in the reconstruction of the Void Spirit Sect. If Luo Zheng hadn't destroyed the Tian Xie Sect, his Void Spirit Sect would probably still be the headquarters of the Tian Xie Sect. How could it ever see the light of day again?
Luo Zheng dealt with Daoist Priest Qing Xu, but he was still worried about Ning Yudie. Although she didn't reveal a trace of sadness, her figure that slowly floated away caused Luo Zheng to feel a little heartache.
Daoist Priest Qing Xu was tactful. He stood up for Xi Youqin before because Xi Youqin had no one to rely on and could only rely on the Xi Family. Now that the main character, Luo Zheng, had arrived, he, Daoist Priest Qing Xu, was indeed not suitable to get too involved. The young people's matters were naturally left to the young people to deal with. Moreover, didn't his great-granddaughter have the upper hand? No matter how you looked at it, Luo Zheng didn't seem like an irresponsible person …
Therefore, after chatting for a while, Daoist Priest Qing Xu left with Xi Xiaojie. When Xi Xiaojie left, he was still full of smiles and kept calling Luo Zheng brother-in-law.
After the people of the Void Spirit Sect left, Xi Youqin's silly face suddenly became serious. She looked at Luo Zheng and pursed her lips. A wisp of wisdom appeared on her docile face. "I think you should go to the Cloud Hall."
"Why should I go to the Cloud Hall? I'm not going. "Luo Zheng shook his head almost reflexively.

Chapter 935
On this point, Xi Youqin was obviously very stupid in other aspects, but she was extremely insightful when it came to matters of the heart.
She was keenly aware that she couldn't have Luo Zheng to herself. Although Xi Youqin was extremely repulsed by other women, she understood that Luo Zheng was like a hidden dragon in the abyss. In the future, he would definitely soar to the sky. At such a young age, he had already become the number one person in the Central Domain. In the future, his stage would definitely not be limited to the small Central Domain.
To be able to marry such a husband, Xi Youqin was already very satisfied. How could she try to control Luo Zheng?
As for Ning Yudie's small temper, that was Ning Yudie's matter. Xi Youqin wasn't someone who was easy to deal with. She wouldn't sympathize with Ning Yudie, but she understood more clearly the position Ning Yudie had in Luo Zheng's heart. She was only speaking like this now because she didn't want to see Luo Zheng sad.
"Persuade? How? "Luo Zheng smiled helplessly.
Xi Youqin smiled faintly. She leaned over and whispered in Luo Zheng's ear, "Aren't all women meant to be coaxed? Don't look at how she's a Palace Lord. In this aspect, she's extremely childish. If you coax her with a few words, it won't be a problem … "
She whispered in Luo Zheng's ear softly. Her breath smelled like orchids.
Luo Zheng smiled faintly. He kissed her lightly on the forehead, "You sound like you're very experienced."
Xi Youqin's face blushed slightly. She rolled her eyes. Then, she coquettishly glared at Luo Zheng. "How could that be! I'm just helping you come up with a plan! "
However, after hearing Xi Youqin's words, Luo Zheng calmed down a little. Although he felt that it was very tricky, he understood that there were some things that he had to face by himself.
After settling Xi Youqin down, he was about to enter the Cloud Hall. But at this time, the Ancestral Dragon in Luo Zheng's Spirit Beast Bag suddenly poked out its small head and made a "Ga Gu" sound towards Xi Youqin. The Ancestral Dragon's face revealed a hint of intimacy.
"This little fellow …"
In the Heavenly Feather Holy Land, the Demon Night Clan had given Luo Zheng a small and exquisite Spirit Beast Pouch.
An ordinary Sumeru Space couldn't store living things, but the space inside the Spirit Beast Pouch was specially arranged. Although the space wasn't big, it was enough for the Ancestral Dragon to live inside.
Probably because it had been cooped up in the Spirit Beast Pouch for too long, the little fellow wanted to come out and take a breath of fresh air. When it saw Xi Youqin, it cried out towards her. Then, it actually left the Spirit Beast Pouch on its own and pounced towards Xi Youqin.
Apart from being close to him, the Ancestral Dragon also liked Xi Youqin very much. Luo Zheng was very puzzled. Could it be because of Xi Youqin's Extreme Violet Yin Body? Or was there some secret that he didn't know? Luo Zheng naturally didn't think about this question. Since that was the case, Luo Zheng temporarily left the Ancestral Dragon by Xi Youqin's side. Then, he turned into a streak of light and flew towards the Cloud Hall.
Although the Cloud Hall's Sect Protecting Array was still active, Luo Zheng didn't choose to take a shortcut this time. Instead, he directly went through the main entrance of the Cloud Hall.
Several guards were waiting at the main entrance of the Cloud Hall. When they saw Luo Zheng, they respectfully released part of the barrier and let Luo Zheng in.
After the battle with the Tian Xie Sect in Heavenly Awakening City, Luo Zheng returned to the Cloud Hall after a year. However, he was still very familiar with the surroundings. After passing through the main hall, Luo Zheng flew all the way to the Ice Palace.
Just as he arrived at the entrance of the Ice Palace, Luo Zheng felt a wave of cold air escaping from the Ice Palace.
After sizing up the milky-white aura for a while, he entered the cold air.
However, just as Luo Zheng entered the Ice Palace, several sounds of something breaking through the air could be heard.
Whoosh! Whoosh!
Whoosh! Three azure ice cones shot towards Luo Zheng.
Looking at the rapidly approaching ice cones, Luo Zheng faintly smiled. His figure flashed and easily dodged. However, just as he dodged, three more ice cones shot towards him!
This time, Luo Zheng didn't dodge. Instead, he casually caught the ice cones and threw them on the floor, creating a crisp sound.
Ice cones were constantly being shot out from the white mist. Luo Zheng faced these ice cones and advanced. As he advanced through the Ice Palace, he probably caught hundreds of ice cones along the way.
Moreover, the ice cones were getting faster and faster, and their strength was also increasing!
"This …" A bitter smile appeared on Luo Zheng's face. It seemed that Ning Yudie was really feeling wronged, and it seemed that she had used her full strength. After all, ordinary Life and Death Experts wouldn't be able to withstand such a sharp icicle.
However, for Luo Zheng, this level of attack was nothing. In this great thousand world, only Divine Sea Realm experts could threaten Luo Zheng. No matter how powerful Life and Death Realm experts were, they couldn't kill him unless the entire great thousand world was destroyed.
"Whoosh!"
Luo Zheng quickened his pace and rushed into the depths of the Ice Palace. Ning Yudie was sitting barefoot on the ground. Thousands of ice cones were floating around her!
After seeing Luo Zheng appear, the anger on Ning Yudie's face became even more intense, and there was even a look of grievance on her face. She gently waved her small hand, and all the icicles shot towards Luo Zheng!
Seeing this scene, Luo Zheng simply stood on the spot without moving and closed his eyes!
However, because of Luo Zheng's action, Ning Yudie was frightened. The ice cones she released in anger were powerful enough to kill ordinary Life and Death Realm experts! Although Ning Yudie knew that Luo Zheng's body was different from ordinary people's, even if his body was tough and tyrannical, he couldn't withstand this kind of attack!
Originally, Ning Yudie thought that Luo Zheng would be able to dodge easily. Who would have thought that he would suddenly stand still and not dodge? Ning Yudie's icicles were only inches away from Luo Zheng. She could only scream at Luo Zheng, "Dodge! You can't stop it! "
"Clang clang clang clang clang …"
Thousands of icicles pierced towards Luo Zheng at the same time. When they hit Luo Zheng's body, they immediately turned into blue ice crystals. Clang! Clang! Clang! Clang! Clang!
Those ice shards directly buried Luo Zheng …
This time, Ning Yudie was scared out of her wits. Although she resented Luo Zheng, in the end, she still felt sorry for him. She ran barefoot towards the pile of ice shards, and in her panic, she even forgot that she could remove the ice shards. After all, these ice shards were melted by her True Essence, and as long as she willed it, she would be able to melt them into True Essence.
She used her hands to quickly dig in the pile of ice shards. While digging, she shouted his name. "Luo Zheng? Luo Zheng! "Her face was full of panic.
However, when Ning Yudie was halfway through digging, a hand suddenly stretched out from the pile of ice shards. It grabbed Ning Yudie's waist and pulled her to the top of the pile of ice shards. As for Luo Zheng, his body slowly climbed out of the ice shards.
Seeing that Luo Zheng was safe and sound, Ning Yudie was surprised and happy. But then, anger and grievance once again appeared on her face!
She was really worried. After all, her strength had more than doubled after entering the Life and Death Realm. This time, her attack was too heavy. But she didn't expect that Luo Zheng would be unscathed.
Although Ning Yudie knew that Luo Zheng had entered the Life and Death Realm, and his strength had certainly improved greatly, it shouldn't have improved to this extent, right?
"You … let go!" Ning Yudie was ashamed and angry. Her petite and soft body constantly struggled in Luo Zheng's arms.
How could Luo Zheng let go? The hand that held Ning Yudie's slender waist was like an iron hoop, firmly holding her to his side. With Luo Zheng's current strength, how could Ning Yudie break free?
After struggling for a while, Ning Yudie gradually exhausted her strength. Her originally stiff body also relaxed, but her expression didn't relax in the slightest. She was still slowly glaring at Luo Zheng with hatred.
She didn't know what to think, but True Yuan erupted from her body. It condensed into a large amount of ice crystals, which directly wrapped Luo Zheng and condensed into a large ice coffin. Those ice crystals accumulated layer by layer, and the ice coffin grew bigger and bigger. The two people were firmly frozen inside.
The cold was bone-piercing, but looking at Ning Yudie's fierce and beautiful face, Luo Zheng's desire to conquer was aroused!

Chapter 936
Although Ning Yudie's ice was as hard as iron, Luo Zheng's strength suddenly erupted. His whole body's muscles trembled slightly, and countless cracks appeared on the ice coffin. From the outside, the originally transparent ice coffin had turned milky white because of these cracks, and the situation inside couldn't be seen clearly.
Then, with a "crash" sound, the ice coffin suddenly shattered …
Ning Yudie was still unconvinced. The moment the ice coffin collapsed, she once again emitted a powerful True Yuan, condensing a brand new ice coffin. However, Luo Zheng exerted his strength, and the ice coffin collapsed once again!
As the ice coffin continued to condense and collapse, more and more pieces of ice gathered under the two of them. These ice dregs converged into a small ice mountain, lifting the two of them higher and higher.
Last time, when Ning Yudie crossed the tribulation, the dome of the ice palace was almost blown away. After it was rebuilt, an opening was left in the ice palace, forming a patio. Standing in the middle of the ice palace, one could see the sky.
As the ice mountain continued to rise, it directly pushed the two of them out of the roof …
Although Ning Yudie's ice palace was built in the deepest part of the Cloud Hall, it was also the highest place in the Cloud Hall!
There were many guards patrolling in the sky above the Cloud Hall. Moreover, the vision and eyesight of warriors were extremely strong. As long as the warriors below raised their heads, they would certainly be able to see the scene at the top of the ice palace.
Luo Zheng tightly hugged Ning Yudie, and the ice mountain lifted them out of the roof, which was somewhat eye-catching!
"Why is there an ice mountain growing out of the Palace Master's palace?"
"Could it be that the Palace Master is cultivating some kind of cultivation technique? Did he make a new breakthrough? "
"Idiot! Can't you see clearly that there's someone on the ice mountain? "
Although these discussions were far away, Ning Yudie was a Life and Death expert. How powerful was her hearing? Although the voices were soft, they all entered her ears.
Thus, Ning Yudie was ashamed and ashamed. She lowered her voice and angrily said, "Let go of me!"
"I won't let go!" Luo Zheng resolutely said to Ning Yudie. His expression was quite resolute.
"I beg you!" Ning Yudie had never begged anyone before, but she really couldn't do anything to Luo Zheng!
"Begging me is useless!" A trace of a smile appeared on Luo Zheng's face.
Although the elders, deacons, and disciples of the Cloud Hall all understood the principle of "see no evil", there were more and more gazes gathered from the windows and corners.
Ning Yudie's face turned from white to red, from her cheeks to her ears. Even though she was lying on top of an iceberg, her face couldn't cool down in the slightest.
She couldn't bear it anymore... She actually couldn couldn't help but cry, who was as strong as a man, she couldn, who was a strong strong strong as a man, a man, a man, a, Ning, a strong strong strong manly was couldn 'couldn't bear it she couldn' couldn ', she couldn't bear......... and she.
"You're bullying me!" Ning Yudie sobbed.
"Yes, I'm bullying you!" Luo Zheng stared at Ning Yudie's beautiful face and said.
Ning Yudie's eyes were filled with tears. She tried to bite Luo Zheng's shoulder. However, Luo Zheng's body was as strong as a sacred tool. This bite almost broke her teeth.
She couldn't beat him, she couldn't scold him, and she couldn't even bite him. Ning Yudie could only bury her head and cry like a helpless little girl!
At this time, Luo Zheng's hand passed through Ning Yudie's hair and brought her face close to his. Looking at Ning Yudie's tear-stained face, he kissed her.
At first, Ning Yudie only whimpered unwillingly. However, after a while, she gave up resisting and peacefully closed her eyes. Then, she took the initiative to welcome him.
The dignified Hall Master of the Cloud Hall was shamelessly kissing a man on top of the Ice Palace. Ning Yudie herself wouldn't believe such a thing. However, Ning Yudie had already stopped thinking. As for other people's gazes, she had already forgotten about it.
At the edge of the Cloud Hall, at the door of a small thatched cottage, Grandma Yu's bent body looked over. Her face revealed a faint smile. After a long time, she turned around and entered her own cottage. She muttered, "Young people flirting … is also very normal …"
After Ning Yudie's fiery brain returned to normal, she extended her hand behind Luo Zheng's back. Aiming at the iceberg below, she gently pressed down. All the ice fragments instantly dissipated, turning into true energy and dissipating between heaven and earth.
After losing the support of this small iceberg, Luo Zheng and Ning Yudie rapidly fell down.
"Pa!" Luo Zheng heavily smashed onto the ground. Ning Yudie used Luo Zheng as a meat cushion. Her petite body used the momentum to bounce up. Her bare feet stood on the ground. Using her hands to tidy up her slightly messy long hair, she stared at Luo Zheng with a charming smile on her face.
However, the two's tenderness had already aroused some of Luo Zheng's desires. Many warriors in the False Tribulation Realm had already tasted all the beauties in the world. However, Luo Zheng had only experienced Xi Youqin. He couldn't restrain his impulse. His figure flashed, and he once again pounced on Ning Yudie.
This time, Ning Yudie's face revealed a panicked expression. Using her hands to protect her chest, her crescent-like eyebrows knitted together. "No!"
"Why?" Luo Zheng didn't force Ning Yudie.
"You promised me … We, at least after the Dual Cultivation Ceremony …" Ning Yudie's style was vigorous, but she was an incomparably traditional woman. Many warriors didn't care about marriage, but Ning Yudie couldn't accept this.
Since she wasn't willing, Luo Zheng didn't force her. He just whispered in Ning Yudie's ear, "Then we'll start preparing for the Dual Cultivation Ceremony tomorrow!"
Ning Yudie's thin lips slightly pursed. She didn't say anything, but it could be considered a tacit agreement …
Within three days, the news that the Cloud Hall was about to hold the Dual Cultivation Ceremony spread throughout the Central Domain through the World Business Alliance.
Currently, the World Business Alliance was the largest force in the entire Central Domain. However, Luo Zheng's Cloud Hall was the largest Sect. The Dual Cultivation Ceremony would be held by all the third-grade forces in the Central Domain!
As for the dispute between Xi Youqin and Ning Yudie, it could be said that it had come to an end. Previously, Ning Yudie couldn't accept sharing a husband with her. Now that she thought of this, perhaps she still felt a strong sense of jealousy in her heart. However, because of Luo Zheng, she forcefully suppressed it. In the future, she and Xi Youqin would inevitably quarrel, but for now, she didn't think too much about it.
The preparations for the Dual Cultivation Ceremony lasted for more than a month. After an auspicious date was chosen, the Transmission Array in Cloud Sea City flickered two or three times in succession. Famous warriors scattered all over the place also came to congratulate them. Just the various precious and rare gifts piled up into a small hill that was two or three meters high.
The entire Cloud Hall also took on a new look.
The three divine runes created by Luo Zheng had almost caused the Cloud Hall's Rune Master, Zong Rui, to lose his place of use. Perhaps even if he exhausted all his efforts, he still wouldn't be able to catch up to Luo Zheng's Great Sect Protecting Array.
However, Zong Rui's talent in the Dao of Runes wasn't bad. By studying Luo Zheng's divine runes in reverse, his attainments in Runes had increased by a lot. In the Central Domain, except for Luo Zheng, there was probably no one better than him. This time, Zong Rui had a place to use his talents.
He ingeniously used runes to decorate the entire Cloud Hall. The power of these runes wasn't strong, but as long as they were replenished with True Origin Stones, they would emit a regular color. Some of the light even projected onto the "Light of Abundant Water" barrier, condensing into flying dragons and phoenixes, vivid and lifelike as they danced on the barrier.
On the training field of the Cloud Hall, warriors from all over the Central Domain stood densely on both sides. Those who were able to stand here were basically the heads of various aristocratic families and sects. For example, the head of the Jade Dragon Sect and so on had personally come today.
Of course, the heads of the Mysterious Yin Mansion, Blood Wood Cliff, Black Mountain Sect, and other fourth-grade sects naturally wouldn't be missing.
When these people first saw Luo Zheng, he was just a junior in the Divine Reflection Realm. However, right under their eyes, Luo Zheng soared into the sky, and no one in the Central Domain could resist him. This time, when these people came to congratulate him, they couldn't help but sigh in their hearts. The little guy they used to look down on had now become the person they looked up to.
＝＝＝＝＝

Chapter 937
In one of the side halls of the Cloud Hall, Xi Youqin was holding a kitchen knife in her hand. She was dancing rapidly on the chopping board.
Today was Ning Yudie and Luo Zheng's big day. However, Xi Youqin's face revealed a trace of stupefaction. The kitchen knife, which was made of Gengjin, was extremely sharp. She was cutting deep marks on the ironwood chopping board below …
"Crash …"
Hearing the noise coming from outside, Xi Youqin curled her lips. Some of the vegetables were chopped into pieces by her.
"Ga Gu …"
Ancestral Gragon's small body curled up and whimpered.
Ever since Ancestral Gragon ate Xi Youqin's dishes, it had almost forgotten about Luo Zheng. This foodie had been circling Xi Youqin almost every day.
Perhaps because Xi Youqin's attention was focused on the noise outside, the chopping in her hands slowed down. Ancestral Gragon urged Xi Youqin.
"Wait a little longer." Xi Youqin had a smile on her face. She was completely unaware that the vegetables, which had been chopped into pieces, had now become a vegetable paste …
"Rumble, rumble …"
Above the Cloud Hall, specks of sparkling and translucent light rose into the sky, transforming into multicolored auspicious clouds that drifted away. Through the window, Xi Youqin could clearly see that the kitchen knife in her hand had not stopped. As for the iron wood chopping board below, it had already been chopped into several pieces.
"Ga Gu …" Ancestral Gragon whimpered again.
"Wait a little longer …" Xi Youqin still had a faint smile on her face. However, this smile did not change at all. It was as if a mask was stuck on her face, incomparably stiff.
"Ga Gu …"
"Bang!"
The kitchen knife in Xi Youqin's hand was embedded in the stove. Xi Youqin's soft body trembled slightly. An imposing aura erupted from her body. "Didn't I say to wait a little longer?"
"Gah."
Ancestral Gragon's heart trembled when he saw Xi Youqin on the verge of going berserk. He curled up his small body and buried his head in it …
On the Martial Stage, the dual cultivation ceremony proceeded in an orderly manner. Although a martial artist's dual cultivation ceremony was extremely complex, and any part of it could cost hundreds of years of a mortal family's expenses, there was still a great deal of red tape and red tape.
Luo Zheng stood in the middle of the Martial Arts Practice Field, waiting for the arrival of his bride.
While everyone was waiting, Ning Yudie, dressed in a red dress and surrounded by many well-dressed maids, slowly arrived on a cloud.
Even without makeup, Ning Yudie's appearance was incomparably beautiful, bright, and moving. Not to mention that today was the dual cultivation ceremony. Under such meticulous dressing, every detail was handled perfectly. Just a glance at her would cause one's heart to beat wildly.
The moment Ning Yudie landed, the sound of gongs and drums filled the air, and nine-coloured auspicious clouds fluttered in the air, while the dragon and phoenix projected onto the Light of Abundant Water Barrier danced in the air.
Numerous mortals throughout the city gazed up at the multicolored Cloud Hall in the sky, and all of them revealed envious expressions.
"I heard it's a dual cultivation ceremony held by Immortals! What a grand spectacle! "
"Hmph, what Immortals? It's just a group of martial artists with extremely high cultivations …"
"Aren't you a martial artist as well? When will such a dual cultivation ceremony be held? "
This grand dual cultivation ceremony was spread by word of mouth among the mortals. There were countless versions of it, such as eating a peach of immortality that could extend one's lifespan by ten thousand years, bejeweled nectar that could make one immune to all kinds of diseases, and so on.
Just as Luo Zheng was about to welcome Ning Yudie, many people in the Central Domain heard a laugh. That laughter seemed to come from the horizon and suddenly spread down, causing everyone to be slightly shocked.
Luo Zheng's brows furrowed. He didn't know who had come. Today was his big day. It wouldn't be nice to let someone disturb it. That wouldn't be nice.
Whoosh!
Then, a figure flew down from the sky. It was an old man in white clothes!
The strange thing was that this old man actually directly pierced through the Abundant Light Barrier. The originally tough barrier didn't pose any hindrance to this old man!
Even for Luo Zheng, if he wanted to sneak into the Abundant Water Light, he would have to sneak in through the cracks at the bottom. However, the old man was able to casually pass through the Abundant Water Light. Luo Zheng's eyes flashed slightly at the sight of the old man's ability.
Everyone looked up. As they sized up this old man, their eyes more or less revealed a look of horror.
They couldn't see through this old man's strength at all!
Most of the martial artists present were in the False Tribulation Realm. Among them, there were two or three independent martial artists who were in the Life and Death Realm. Even they couldn't see through this old man's strength. This old man must be above the Divine Sea Realm!
However, Luo Zheng knew best that this old man's strength wasn't as simple as the Ultimate God Realm!
Previously, when Luo Zheng stayed with the seven experts of the Demi-Immortal Clan, he had a rough understanding of the Ultimate God Realm experts' Qi Power. If the cultivation base was one level higher, he could tell. However, if the cultivation base was two levels higher, he couldn't tell. For Luo Zheng, Ultimate God Realm experts and warriors stronger than the Ultimate God Realm, Luo Zheng couldn't see through their cultivation base.
Based on his intuition, Luo Zheng believed that this old man was an existence that surpassed the Ultimate God Realm …
Among the crowd, most people were more nervous, such as the people from the Merchant Union and the Void Spirit Sect. Although the Dual Cultivation Ceremony wasn't held for Xi Youqin, Luo Zheng was the man that Xi Youqin relied on for her whole life. However, at this moment, Xi Xiaojie curled his lips. He knew that his sister was very unhappy right now. She couldn't wait for this old man to come out of nowhere and mess up the Dual Cultivation Ceremony so that Ning Yudie wouldn't have an easy time.
As for some people, such as the Black Mountain Sect and other forces, families that once had conflicts with Luo Zheng had to submit to the Cloud Hall. This time, they were just here to watch the fun. On the surface, they were respectful to Luo Zheng, but in their hearts, they couldn't wait for Luo Zheng to be defeated.
Seeing Luo Zheng's unnatural expression, the old man laughed out loud. "Don't be nervous. Today is your Dual Cultivation Ceremony. This old man is here to join in the fun. What's wrong? Am I not welcome? "
Hearing this, Luo Zheng immediately breathed a sigh of relief. The newcomer didn't seem to have any evil intentions. No matter who he was, Luo Zheng could only greet him with a smile. He said loudly, "Since you came from afar, you are a guest. Since Your Excellency is willing to participate in my Dual Cultivation Ceremony, Luo Zheng naturally welcomes you!"
"Boy, you're forthright. I like it very much." The old man didn't beat around the bush. He chuckled and said, "However, I came in a hurry this time and didn't bring any gifts. What should I do?" As he spoke, he frowned.
Luo Zheng smiled faintly. "A congratulatory gift is just a token of appreciation. We cultivators don't care about material things. Everyone is already giving me, Luo Zheng, face by coming to support me! Your Excellency, please take a seat on the side! "
Many guests nodded. The two maids next to them added a table at the head of the table. These maids didn't know how strong this old man was, but seeing the reactions of the top experts of the Central Domain, how could they not understand? Although this old man's image wasn't good, he was probably an existence far beyond their imagination. Naturally, he was qualified to sit at the head of the table.
Unexpectedly, the old man suddenly shook his head. "No!"
Luo Zheng's eyes flashed slightly. "Why not?"
"This Dual Cultivation Ceremony is a major event in one's life. How can I not prepare a congratulatory gift?" The old man shook his head like a rattle-drum.
Luo Zheng's face revealed a trace of helplessness. He rolled his eyes inwardly. Why did these old men become so clingy when they got older? Would they become like this when he grew old in the future?
However, before Luo Zheng could speak, some of the bolder guests around them began to shout.
"Since you want to prepare a congratulatory gift, quickly take it out!"
"Are you trying to keep us in suspense? Actually, you've already prepared it?"
"Then let everyone see!"
The cultivation of these guests wasn't high. They were only at the early stage of the False Tribulation Realm. However, since today was a big day, no matter how strong this old man was, they shouldn't turn hostile.
The old man chuckled and nodded. "Hehe, how did you know I prepared a congratulatory gift?" After saying this, the old man's figure flashed and appeared in front of Luo Zheng!

Chapter 938
The old man's sudden action caused everyone's expression to change greatly!
However, a small group of warriors revealed gloating smiles on their faces. This Luo Zheng had risen like a comet, and for a time, he was in the limelight. In the end, someone was going to deal with him?
Ning Yudie's face revealed a trace of fierceness. She stomped her feet, and the pearl crown on her head shook. She was about to rush toward Luo Zheng.
Granny Yu, Daoist Qing Xu, and the three fat alliance leaders also had ugly expressions on their faces …
However, before anyone could react, time suddenly stopped.
In the Heavenly Stellar Holy Land, when hatching the Ancestral Dragon's egg, the Heavenly Immortal Clan accelerated the flow of time by a thousand times! In that barrier, time was like sand between one's fingers, passing at a visible speed. One year inside was equivalent to a thousand years in the outside world.
Now, in the Cloud Hall, time was still a thousand times faster, but it was slowed down by a thousand times!
Everything was moving at one-thousandth of the normal speed. Everyone's movements were countless times slower than a snail's. It was difficult to see them moving with the naked eye.
What was even more frightening was that the speed of time slowed down was also very large. With the Cloud Hall as the center, it spread out for thousands of miles. Time was completely frozen …
The birds stopped flying in the air, and the smoke from the kitchen chimneys solidified into a column of smoke that would not disperse. The ripples on the surface of the lake were also completely maintained in their original state.
Xi Youqin's kitchen knife was still embedded in the stove. Only the Ancestral Dragon was not affected in the slightest.
"Caw, caw!" The Ancestral Dragon whimpered. Its intelligence was only equivalent to that of a human child. Although it was not affected by the flow of time, it found it strange that Xi Youqin was not moving.
Suddenly, out of instinct, it seemed to have felt something. It flew out of the window and headed toward the training field.
The old man smiled, looked at the sky, and sighed. "Time waits for no one. Although your cultivation speed is already very fast, in this lower realm, resources are scarce. In the end, the speed is still a bit slow. This old man will be the main force to help!"
As soon as he finished speaking, the Ancestral Dragon flew over.
"Ga Gu, Ga Gu!"
Seeing Luo Zheng lying on the ground with his eyes closed, Ancestral Gragon also cried out anxiously. At the same time, he showed a strong hostility towards this old man.
The old man chuckled and said to Ancestral Gragon, "You little guy …"
He ignored Ancestral Gragon and walked towards Luo Zheng. At the same time, he stretched out a withered hand, and there was a dark green pill in his hand!
As soon as the pill was taken out, it shot towards the sky!
"You want to run away after gaining a little bit of intelligence? Dream on! " The old man gently twisted his hand, and an invisible force pulled the pill down from the sky!
The strange thing was that within the pill, green halos suddenly appeared. Those halos instantly condensed into a green bolt of lightning that could even counterattack the old man.
The old man was really unhappy. He coldly snorted, and then stretched out his hand. The round pill was torn apart, and then it turned into a mass of green clouds that suddenly spread out.
This small pill contained a huge green cloud, and this green cloud floated motionlessly in the sky above the Cloud Cloud Hall.
"Go!" The old man gently exhaled. The huge green cloud began to slowly spiral, and finally turned into a trickle, continuously gathering in Luo Zheng's mouth.
After a while, Luo Zheng completely absorbed the green cloud. Then, the old man walked to his seat, and without asking, poured out a cup of wine from the wine pot. He blinked his eyes, and then the flow of time returned to normal.
Ning Yudie's figure swooped down a step, and then she stabilized her body, but her expression was still somewhat unnatural.
Although the old man had slowed down the flow of time, he had only slowed down the flow of time by a thousand times. He hadn't put it in an absolute state. In fact, it was almost impossible to completely stop time. In the universe, there was a conclusion about the law of time. Any creature who cultivated the law of time could only slow down time indefinitely, but they couldn't achieve a state of complete prohibition!
Therefore, everyone could still see the scene in front of them, and their brains could still think. Everyone also understood that this old man really didn't have any hostility.
But the time law that the old man used in actual combat just now stunned everyone.
In the Central Domain, there were very few warriors who were proficient in the Law of Space, and the difficulty of cultivating the Law of Time was above that of the Law of Space. So far, there had not been a single warrior who was proficient in the Law of Time. Of course, Luo Zheng was an exception. What's more, he had never shown his supernatural power of the Law of Time in front of others!
But this old man, without seeing how he made a move, changed the flow of the Law of Time in the entire Cloud Hall. Everyone felt as if they had been frozen in place. This was an unfathomable method. Although everyone thought that this old man was very strong, they now found that their understanding was still wrong. How was this strong? This was simply too horrifying!
As for the medicinal pill that the old man had just taken out, it was even more incredible. Not to mention the effects of this medicinal pill, this medicinal pill could actually escape and attack the old man at a critical moment. Not to mention the old man's unfathomable strength, just the green lightning released from the medicinal pill was probably enough to kill 99% of the warriors in front of them.
Could this kind of medicinal pill be bad?
What made people feel even more unbalanced was that, looking at Luo Zheng's appearance, he didn't seem to know this old man. They also didn't know where this old man came from. He actually came from thousands of miles away to deliver a congratulatory gift. Some of the warriors who were already feeling unbalanced, as well as those who were gloating, were now so jealous that they wanted to vomit blood.
"Your Excellency, what did you do to Luo Zheng?" Ning Yudie couldn't help but take a step forward and stare at the old man as she asked.
The old man shook his head in a relaxed manner and said casually, "Sending a congratulatory gift!" As soon as he finished speaking, he suddenly rolled his eyes and patted his head, "Right, since the groom has a congratulatory gift, the bride must also have a congratulatory gift. But this congratulatory gift is a bit shabby, don't mind it!"
After saying this, he patted his stomach lightly, but his hands were empty. The old man then lowered his head and said to himself, "Don't be greedy. I put these divine weapons here, not for you to use. I won't say anything if you use them. Do you really think they are yours?"
Seeing the old man's crazy appearance, everyone's face revealed an extremely strange expression. What was this old man saying to his stomach? Was he a lunatic?
At this time, Luo Zheng stood up and said with a smile on his face, "Your Excellency's Inner World has already given birth to a powerful warrior who can use divine weapons?"
The old man rolled his eyes, "There is a guy in my Inner World who has already reached the Divine Sea Realm. In my Inner World, he directly occupied a mountain and called himself the Saint Emperor. He even hid the thousands of divine weapons I put in my Inner World. He really thinks they are his own! Damn it, take them out for me! "
After saying this, the old man slightly pointed his finger. Suddenly, a bright golden bracelet appeared out of thin air and floated in the air. The old man laughed, "I came in a hurry, so I didn't prepare anything good. After thinking about it, I only have this bracelet. Although it's a bit rotten and a bit unpresentable, it is still a divine weapon. I'll give it to you!" After saying this, the bracelet floated towards Ning Yudie.
"Divine weapon …"
Everyone's face revealed a look of horror. When they heard the old man's words, some people almost fainted. What did he mean by rotten? Divine weapon or rotten?
Damn it … Some people began to curse in their hearts.
The best treasures in the Central Domain were only middle-grade divine weapons. There were pitifully few divine weapons. As for divine weapons, they might have heard about them in ancient books, but where had they seen them?

Chapter 939
Luo Zheng was also shocked. However, Luo Zheng wasn't shocked by the Divine Artifact.
Although divine artifacts were rare and precious, with Luo Zheng's current horizons, they would not shock him too much.
What shocked him was the old man's words!
Only warriors in the Divine Sea Realm could open up a Divine Sea, while warriors in the Extreme God Realm could solidify their True Yuan and create a world. For example, Feng Nianyun had cultivated for a hundred thousand years, but she had only created an island inside her body. As for the living creatures inside, they were still in a very primitive stage.
At this time, the things in the Sumeru Ring were no longer useful. The world in one's body had completely replaced the Sumeru Ring.
The old man had put some treasures in his Dantian. However, according to the old man, there was a Divine Sea Realm warrior in his Inner World. This was incredible!
The Inner World was formed by the solidification of True Essence. Thunder and lightning were drawn into the body to create creatures, and then they slowly multiplied and evolved …
After the creatures in the Inner World gained intelligence, they could use the True Essence in the Inner World to cultivate.
However, the space in the Inner World was limited, and so were the resources. It was probably countless times more limited than the mortal world!
In this environment, the old man could still give birth to a Divine Sea Realm warrior. How big was his Inner World? Just how strong was this old man?
Seeing Luo Zheng looking at him in shock, the old man waved his hand and said to Luo Zheng, "Well, I've given you my gift. Your Dual Cultivation Ceremony is more important. Don't worry about this old man! We can talk later! "
However, Ning Yudie still bowed respectfully. The congratulatory gift was just a token of her sincerity. Although this divine tool was just a "junk" in the mouth of this old man, in Ning Yudie's eyes, it was incomparably precious. It had far exceeded the value of the congratulatory gift. However, this old man had taken it out for Luo Zheng's sake. She had no reason to return it, so she could only accept it.
At this moment, Xi Youqin, dressed in casual clothes, slowly flew over from not far away.
"Youqin."
"Sis!"
Daoist Priest Qing Xu and Xi Xiaojie shouted at the same time when they saw Xi Youqin appear.
Today was the Dual Cultivation Ceremony of Luo Zheng and Ning Yudie. The people of Xi Clan weren't very happy, but they couldn't be absent, so they could only brace themselves to come.
This time, they didn't see Xi Youqin appear. Taoist Priest Qingxu and Xi Xiaojie were very worried about Xi Youqin. Presumably, Xi Youqin wouldn't be happy today.
Xi Youqin nodded at Xi Xiaojie and Grandpa Zeng. Her gaze landed on Ning Yudie's face, and she felt a little sour. The reason why she stayed in the kitchen and only cooked was because she didn't want to see this scene. She had already convinced herself not to be jealous of Ning Yudie, but she wasn't an idiot. This kind of emotion could only be controlled and couldn't completely disappear.
How could she not feel bitter when she saw Luo Zheng and Ning Yudie being a perfect match?
It was just that the little guy, Ancestral Gragon, suddenly disappeared just now. She was afraid that she would lose Ancestral Gragon, so she looked all the way here.
"Quack!"
Ancestral Gragon originally rushed over because he felt that Luo Zheng was in danger. Now that he saw that Luo Zheng was unscathed, he suddenly remembered the delicious food he hadn't eaten yet. He called out twice, then turned back and threw himself into Xi Youqin's arms.
This small episode naturally wouldn't disturb the process of the Dual Cultivation Ceremony. Luo Zheng and Ning Yudie continued the ceremony.
However, at this moment, the old man not far away stared at Xi Youqin. He suddenly opened his mouth and said, "Little girl!"
"Hmm?" Xi Youqin looked around curiously, but she didn't know who was calling her.
"Little girl, come here, over here!" The old man was talking to Xi Youqin using his Divine Sense.
Xi Youqin turned around and found out that the man who was talking to her was a sloppy old man. She furrowed her brows, and a strange expression emerged on her face. Originally, Xi Youqin didn't want to talk to this man. With Xi Youqin's Divine Core cultivation base, there was no way she could tell he was a mighty warrior.
Xi Youqin didn't cultivate much, and she didn't have much interest in the martial dao. Even if you put a Life and Death warrior and a Divine Peak warrior in front of her, they would still be the same.
Therefore, with Ancestral Gragon in her arms, Xi Youqin prepared to leave. She didn't want to watch Luo Zheng and Ning Yudie being lovey-dovey. She was a generous person, but she wasn't that generous!
Seeing that Xi Youqin was about to leave, the old man couldn't hold himself back any longer. It seemed like this old man was really good at reading people's expressions. He let out a snort and said, "Little girl, do you like that Luo Zheng, and you're jealous that he married someone else?"
Hearing this, Xi Youqin's expression changed. She fiercely glared at the old man, then she said in an annoyed manner, "What does that have to do with you?"
The old man let out a mischievous laugh, "I just want to enlighten you. Although you're the bride today, you're the one who will spend countless years with Luo Zheng in the future!"
A strange expression immediately appeared on Xi Youqin's face. What did he mean by that?
Although Xi Youqin didn't understand, she still walked towards the old man. A maid brought a chair over, and Xi Youqin sat beside the old man.
Everyone's face revealed a curious expression. Even Luo Zheng's attention was somewhat distracted. Ning Yudie, who was concentrating on holding Luo Zheng's hand, sent a stream of Zhenyuan from her fingertips. That stream of Zhenyuan was transmitted from her fingertips to Luo Zheng's hand. Seeing Ning Yudie's angry gaze, Luo Zheng's heart suddenly trembled. He could only reveal a trace of apology.
After all, it was Ning Yudie's big day. If he focused his attention on Xi Youqin, it would be strange if Ning Yudie didn't get angry.
"Old grandpa, what do you mean by that?" Xi Youqin asked curiously. Because the old man mentioned Luo Zheng, Xi Youqin's tone eased a lot. A gentle smile also appeared on her elegant and clean face.
The old man let out another mischievous laugh, "Nothing. I just want to ask you, you have the Extreme Purple Yin Body, right?"
Xi Youqin nodded.
"The Black Purple Body is the First Grade Extreme Purple Yin Body. Hehe, don't you know what it means?" the old man asked again.
Xi Youqin shook her head. Her face was a little stupefied. She wasn't very interested in martial arts. Diligent cultivation couldn't even compare to learning a new cooking skill …
Her ambition was very small. Now, she just wanted to stay by Luo Zheng's side. Although she knew that she had the Black Purple Body, she didn't know how strong it was or what it could do.
In fact, it wasn't difficult for Xi Youqin to find out. The Extreme Purple Realm was a very special realm. There were also countless powerful people in it. As long as she was willing to walk around in the Extreme Purple Realm, she could easily find many super powerful people to help her.
It should be known that the Black Purple Body was an existence that could control the Extreme Purple Realm. It was also extremely rare in the universe.
The problem was that after Xi Youqin opened up the Extreme Purple Yin Body, other than borrowing many giant swords from it several times, and temporarily dragging Luo Zheng and Ning Yudie into the Extreme Purple Realm to hide outside Tianqi City, she had never used the ability of the Extreme Purple Yin Body at any other time. She had never entered the Extreme Purple Realm at all.
"No wonder, no wonder the old woman didn't find you." The old man shook his head and then asked, "Do you want to become very strong? How about I find you a master? "
Xi Youqin looked at the old man strangely. This guy was getting further and further away from the topic. She was willing to sit here obediently only because the old man said that she could accompany Luo Zheng for countless years. Now, he was suddenly talking about becoming strong and a master? What was going on?
Therefore, Xi Youqin's attitude became perfunctory. "Not interested."
"Not interested? Do you know what this means? It will make you a top existence in the universe who can look down on everything! " The old man didn't know that he had grasped the main point with his previous sentence, but now he had grasped the wrong point again …
"So what if I can look down on everything? Is it fun? " Xi Youqin felt more and more that the old man was teasing her. Therefore, she got up and was about to leave with Ancestral Gragon in her arms.
Seeing Xi Youqin's actions, the old man's brain spun and he found the crux of the matter. This little girl was completely uninterested in martial arts. It didn't matter. He naturally had a reason to persuade her!
(One more chapter. For the sake of staying up late to make up for the chapters, I beg for votes at the beginning of next month ^ _ ^! I've been a little slow in writing these days. Please forgive me. Back then, I could write two chapters in an hour! But now, I really don't dare to write too fast. Sometimes, I hesitate for a long time … Please forgive me! Please forgive me! ^ _ ^ I'll start posting chapters this afternoon. Let's see how many chapters I can produce. Thank you for your continued support.)
＝＝＝＝＝

Chapter 940
"Don't go, little girl. Listen to this old man for a moment!" The old man hurriedly said. This was his miscalculation. He never thought that there would be such a strange junior in this world who treated martial arts like dirt.
But then again, everyone had their own ambitions. He had seen all kinds of strange fellows in the Demi-Immortal Clan. Since this girl was interested in Luo Zheng, he could only use Luo Zheng as bait.
Seeing the old man's expression, Xi Youqin suppressed her temper and returned to her seat. She asked with a cold expression, "What's wrong now?"
The old man chuckled. "Although you won't be the bride in today's dual cultivation ceremony, I can guarantee that you will stay by Luo Zheng's side for the longest time in the future."
"What do you mean?" Xi Youqin blinked and asked.
The old man shook his head, then glanced at Ning Yudie and said, "The bride's talent is not bad. She might be a top-notch existence in the Lower Realm, but in the Upper Realm, she's not worth mentioning."
Ning Yudie's talent might be similar to Huo Yuner's or Liu Yu's, but at most, her name could only be placed in the second row of the Talent Monument. This level of talent was only just enough to be recognized by the Demi-Immortal Clan. In the old man's eyes, it was far from amazing.
"What does this have to do with me?" Xi Youqin said with a blank expression. This old man was beating around the bush, and Xi Youqin didn't know what he was trying to say.
The old man chuckled again. "It has a lot to do with you. Think about it. What kind of person is this Luo Zheng? How can such a person be limited to a small Central Domain? "
Xi Youqin glared at the old man. "What do you mean limited to a small Central Domain? The Central Domain is vast and has abundant resources. Does Luo Zheng need to go there? "
In Xi Youqin's eyes, the Central Domain was the entire world. Perhaps she vaguely knew that there was a Divine Kingdom Continent not far from the Central Domain. Perhaps she also knew that the world was divided into many levels, but what did this have to do with her?
In her opinion, there was nothing bad about the Central Domain. With Luo Zheng's current strength, there was no longer any threat in the Central Domain. Being able to live peacefully in this paradise was the greatest happiness. This was not to say that Xi Youqin was short-sighted, but she was not interested in anything else.
For example, after awakening the Purple Extreme Yin Body, Xi Youqin had vaguely known that her body was very special..... but she had never thought she would become stronger..............
Hearing Xi Youqin's answer, the old man could not help but roll his eyes. How could the Central Domain be called vast and abundant in resources? To this old man, the entire Central Domain was a distance that could be crossed in a few steps. The area was not even as big as one of his courtyards, nor was it as big as his inner world …
As for resources, they were even more lacking. Look at this group of poor bastards. When they saw his Divine Weapon, their eyes all lit up like hungry ghosts that had been starved for a hundred years. They were too useless. Divine weapons were also good things for False Tribulation Realm martial artists in the Upper Realm. However, in the eyes of the False Tribulation Realm martial artists in the Upper Realm, it was not rare to this extent.
Therefore, the old man could not bear to use the word "remote" to describe the Central Domain. This was because this place was not qualified to be called a remote place!
Of course, Xi Youqin had a strange temperament, so the old man would not say such words. He just laughed and continued, "The Central Domain is vast and abundant in resources in your eyes. However, with Luo Zheng's talent and the Revelation Pill that I gave him, Luo Zheng's cultivation speed will increase by leaps and bounds. When Luo Zheng breaks through the Spirit Sea Realm, he will be rejected by the Greater Thousand World and will have to ascend to the Upper Realm …" In fact, there was also the problem of repairing the Ascension Passage in order to ascend to the Upper Realm. However, the old man knew that Xi Youqin was not interested in this. She might not even know about the Ascension Passage at all. Therefore, he simply did not mention it.
However, he did not expect that Xi Youqin's face would reveal an angry expression. Instead, she blamed him and said, "Old man, you're not doing a good thing!"
The old man was speechless. He had given Luo Zheng a Revelation Pill, and it was called not doing a good thing. Instead, he had become a bad person? Therefore, he stared at Xi Youqin with a very funny expression for a long time. Finally, he said, "Even if I don't give him the pill, he will still ascend."
"And then?" Xi Youqin continued to ask.
The old man continued, "This is the problem. With your first-grade Extreme Purple Yin Body, your cultivation speed will not be slower than his. In the future, when he gallops in the Upper Realm, the bride will definitely not be able to ascend in a short time. Unless Luo Zheng makes a name for himself and comes back to pick her up. Otherwise, with her own strength, it will take at least one or two hundred years for her to ascend, right?"
"And then?" Xi Youqin asked again.
The old man rolled his eyes again. "Isn't this very obvious? You can also ascend in advance. With your physique, you can completely catch up with Luo Zheng's footsteps and provide him with great help. Won't you be able to stay by his side? Alas, as for his bride, I'm afraid she will have to stay alone in an empty room for a hundred years! "
Hearing the old man's sigh and what he meant by staying alone in an empty room for a hundred years, Xi Youqin's eyes suddenly lit up. "I see!"
"That's right." The old man chuckled. "So, I'll find you a master. You can enter the Extreme Purple Realm to cultivate. When your cultivation reaches a certain level in the future, you can be together with Luo Zheng in the Upper Realm!" After saying that, he intentionally threw a disdainful glance at Ning Yudie, then he continued, "Don't think that she's better off than you right now. The one who laughs last is the one who laughs the brightest, isn't that right?"
Xi Youqin's eyes were completely lit up. She had never pursued the path of cultivation, and she had relied on all sorts of pills to reach the Divine Core realm. Without the help of the Extreme Purple Yin Body, her overall strength was weaker than many Divine Reflection Realm warriors.
But, a person's heart could change, especially when the old man had given her a beautiful vision!
For Luo Zheng, she could endure Ning Yudie, and she could maintain a smile on her face during the dual cultivation ceremony between Luo Zheng and another girl. However, it was extremely difficult for her to maintain her smile, and now that she had another path to take, she would never give it up.
"En, I understand now." Xi Youqin tilted her head and asked, "You said you'll find me a master, don't tell me it's you?"
The old man shook his head like a rattle-drum. "Of course it's not me, it's that old woman in my family!"
99% of the warriors who possessed the Extreme Purple Yin Body were females, and only a few were exceptions. Therefore, this old man naturally wouldn't teach Xi Youqin anything.
"But … where is she?" Xi Youqin asked curiously.
The old man stretched out his withered hand and said to Xi Youqin, "Give me your hand!"
Xi Youqin had a strange expression on her face, but she still stretched out her right hand.
"Open your hand." The old man ordered again.
Xi Youqin obediently opened up her fair palm in front of the old man.
After that, a blood red cross appeared above the old man's finger. The Divine Rune contained within this cross was similar to the Positioning Talisman used by the Heavenly Clan. However, this blood red cross was many times smaller.
"Whoosh!"
As soon as this blood red cross appeared, it disappeared into Xi Youqin's palm. This dark red cross was very eye-catching in her fair and delicate palm.
Xi Youqin raised her hand and looked at the rune. She still looked worried. "What is this?"
The old man said, "It's just a Positioning Talisman. The next time you enter the Extreme Purple Realm, my old woman will be able to find you!"
"The next time I enter the Extreme Purple Realm … But I don't plan to go in," Xi Youqin said truthfully. Unless someone wanted to kill Xi Youqin, she wouldn't hide in there out of boredom.
The old man's eyes widened. "How much do you hate cultivation? No, you have to go in there when you have the time. As long as you go in, my old woman will be able to find you! Little girl, if you want a lifetime of happiness in the future, you have to work hard to fight for it! " After saying that, he pursed his lips toward the martial arts arena. At this time, many guests were already in a mess. Luo Zheng and Ning Yudie's faces were filled with happy smiles.

Chapter 941
The old man couldn't help but touch his forehead and sigh in his heart. What was wrong with this world?
His old woman was a super powerful figure in the Purple Extreme Realm, one of the rulers. Countless warriors in the world cried and knelt down, begging to be her disciple. However, he had to waste so much effort to persuade this little girl to be his disciple. In the end, it was done!
As for Luo Zheng, there were some things that he couldn't say today, so he could only wait.
The Dual Cultivation Ceremony lasted for several hours. When the sun set and the Cloud Hall welcomed the guests, the hustle and bustle gradually subsided.
The new bedsheets were made of soft black gold silk and silk from brown silkworms. They were as soft as the clouds in the sky, as if there was nothing there. Ning Yudie, who was sitting upright on the bed, was as stiff as a popsicle.
A girl from an ordinary family would be married off at the age of fourteen or fifteen. Although Ning Yudie's age was still considered a rising sun among cultivators, compared to the children of ordinary mortals, she was already considered a big girl.
Ning Yudie had kept her chastity until now. Naturally, she couldn't help but feel nervous and uncomfortable, and even a little scared. This was human nature.
In addition to her nervousness, Ning Yudie couldn't help but find some topics to talk about. She lowered her voice and asked, "That old man today, who is he?"
Luo Zheng smiled faintly and shook his head. "I'm not sure!"
The old man didn't reveal his identity and was still in the Cloud Hall. Luo Zheng guessed that the old man was so powerful that he was likely to be a powerful figure invited by the Demi-Immortal Clan. Of course, it was also possible that he was from the Human Clan. That White Brow Taoist wasn't easy to deal with, so he would definitely report this matter to the Upper Realm …
"If you're not sure, why did you eat other people's pills?" Ning Yudie's face showed a trace of blame, but there was also a hint of playfulness in her expression, which made her look very cute.
Seeing Ning Yudie's expression, Luo Zheng took the opportunity to sit down and helplessly said, "It's not like you didn't see it. That old man forced it on me …"
But then again, although he didn't know what the pill was for, Luo Zheng hadn't had any reaction after absorbing it. It seemed that the pill hadn't taken effect yet. The effects of many medicinal pills were immediate, but he did not know what effect that medicinal pill had.
"Do you feel any discomfort?" Ning Yudie turned her small face over and asked.
Luo Zheng snickered and hugged Ning Yudie in his arms. "No matter what discomfort you feel, it'll be no problem to deal with tonight …"
After he finished speaking, he pressed his lips against Ning Yudie's.
"You!" Ning Yudie originally wanted to struggle, but a burst of masculine breath assaulted her, causing her to panic. Moreover, she really didn't have any reason to struggle tonight, so she simply made up her mind and curled up like an obedient lamb.
Her curling up was due to a trace of fear. How could Luo Zheng let her have her way? The key point was that he was no longer a "virgin." Although he wasn't very experienced, compared to Ning Yudie, it was naturally like heaven and earth.
Under Luo Zheng's gentle caresses, Ning Yudie's fear gradually faded. However, at this moment, she was both resisting and embarrassed by her resistance. Under this kind of contradictory state of mind, her pair of beautiful eyes were like spring water, about to drip out …
In the end, he reached out and grabbed Ning Yudie's slender and white calf. After gently pushing it aside, he pressed his whole body down.
Wax illuminated half a cage of golden jadeite, musk slightly embroidered hibiscus …
This night's scenery was undoubtedly infinitely good for Luo Zheng and Ning Yudie. However, for Xi Youqin, this kind of feeling was hard to describe.
Under the immersion of the night, through the barrier formed by the Abundant Light, looking at the layers of clouds, one could only vaguely make out a trace of light. That was the last quarter moon.
"Ga Gu." This Ancestral Dragon's energy was very good, and it rarely slept. It was unaware that Xi Youqin was unhappy, so it didn't dare to be too active. It just quietly guarded by Xi Youqin's side.
They sat like this for a long time. Under the cold wind, she rubbed her shoulders and suddenly said to the Ancestral Dragon, "It's not fun here. I'll take you to a fun place, okay?"
"Ga Gu!" The Ancestral Dragon didn't have the slightest resistance. The Ancestral Dragon's intimacy with Luo Zheng came entirely from the first impression, which came from biological instincts. However, under the careful care of Xi Youqin these days, the Ancestral Dragon became closer to Luo Zheng, who was somewhat distant.
"Then let's go!" Xi Youqin stood up and clapped her hands at the Ancestral Dragon. The Ancestral Dragon's tail suddenly flicked and shot into Xi Youqin's arms.
Immediately, a purple aura coiled out of Xi Youqin's body, and a black-purple light coiled in her eyes. Then, her figure quietly disappeared and entered a space node. Through this space node, she could easily step into the Extreme Purple Realm.
The old man had said that if she entered the Extreme Purple Realm, she would be found by his wife. Now, she wanted to go in and have a look.
In the Extreme Purple Realm, there was dazzling purple light everywhere. This realm was not complete. In fact, it was a broken realm …
Of course, the width and breadth of a realm were far beyond that of the Lower Realms. Even if the Extreme Purple Realm was only a quarter of its original size, it was still countless times larger than the Vast Thousand World.
"Ga Gu! Ga Gu! "
However, after the Ancestral Dragon entered the Extreme Purple Realm, he seemed very cheerful. He circled around in this vast and boundless space, constantly making lively cries.
Although the surroundings were empty, Xi Youqin was not the slightest bit afraid. On the contrary, the Extreme Purple Realm gave her a sense of security, as if this place belonged to her and belonged to her home. She had a very mysterious connection with the Extreme Purple Realm.
"Didn't you say that someone would take me as a disciple? The old man lied … "Xi Youqin curled her lips, looking a little unhappy.
Although she did not want to practice martial arts, Luo Zheng was an exception. In Xi Youqin's mind, an image had already appeared. It was when Luo Zheng was commanding the world, and she was standing proudly by Luo Zheng's side. How could she not be happy to help her husband?
Thinking of this, she even felt a sense of urgency and wanted to practice quickly.
"Humph, when the time comes, I will be countless times stronger than you." She was thinking about this problem fiercely. An imaginary enemy appeared in front of her. Of course, it was Ning Yudie, wrapped in red.
"Practice, I want to practice too!"
"Even if my" master "does not appear, I can still practice. A resolute look appeared in Xi Youqin's eyes. This look was extremely incompatible with Xi Youqin's. Only warriors who were extremely obsessed with martial arts would show this look. However, Xi Youqin had just changed her target. She was not obsessed with martial arts, but with Luo Zheng.
"Whoosh …"
She gently waved her hand, and a giant sword descended from the deep sky.
"One …"
"Whoosh …"
"Two …"
"Whoosh, whoosh, whoosh, whoosh …"
Countless giant swords descended from the deep sky of the Extreme Purple Realm.
The 999 giant swords of the Extreme Purple Realm were arranged in a certain pattern, densely packed in the deep sky. Usually, when Xi Youqin casually summoned them, the giant swords would slowly disappear and return to their original positions after slashing.
But now, it was different. She was in the Extreme Purple Realm, and when she summoned the giant swords, they all left their original positions …
These giant swords were controlled by people from different heavens in the Extreme Purple Realm.
Above the South Horizon Region, a large, jeweled ship was sailing in the sky. At the front of the ship stood a woman in a purple robe. The woman looked to be only 30 years old, with a proud figure and a charming face.
As she cruised around, she saw the giant swords in the South Horizon Region sinking rapidly!
"What's going on?" Seeing this scene, the woman immediately frowned.

Chapter 942
The problem was that these giant swords were not being requisitioned, but were being pulled down from the South Horizon Region one by one. This naturally attracted the purple-robed woman's attention.
"Could it be that someone is practicing the Myriad Red Sword Array?" The purple-robed woman wondered curiously.
The Myriad Red Sword Array was a sword array that was passed down in the Extreme Purple Realm. When practicing it, it required 11,000 giant swords!
But soon, the purple-robed woman immediately denied her speculation because the number of giant swords being pulled down from the deep sky was increasing!
At first, it was only one or two, then dozens, then hundreds, thousands, tens of thousands …
Then, the number of giant swords in the sky above the South Horizon Region began to decrease rapidly in units of 100,000!
"There are so many giant swords. Are they being pulled down to be eaten?" The purple-robed woman's expression changed greatly.
Although there were many giant swords in the Extreme Purple Realm, there were also many warriors with the Extreme Purple Yin Body in the entire universe. Countless giant swords were loaned out every day.
However, after the giant swords were swung, they would be returned immediately. It was normal for these giant swords to be loaned out and returned continuously.
There were very few people who would lend out 99.9 billion giant swords in one go. To borrow such a large number of giant swords, one had to have a first-grade Extreme Purple Yin Body, which meant that only warriors of the Black Purple Grade were qualified to do so. However, such people were either extremely powerful and had no use for these giant swords under normal circumstances. Although these giant swords were enough to destroy a Great Thousand World, they were not much of a threat to the experts in it. Therefore, the giant swords were only a form of deterrence to the experts!
For example, when two experts confronted each other, one might not be able to defeat the other, but one could summon a large number of giant swords and wipe out the other's disciples and grand-disciples. Would the other be afraid?
Of course, this situation was very rare. A year ago, there was a large number of giant swords being loaned out in the South Horizon Region. Although it was not clear who loaned them out, the large number of giant swords loaned out at that time had already attracted the attention of the super experts in the Extreme Purple Realm.
Under such circumstances, generally, some high-grade Extreme Purple Yin Body had been born. It was at least a third-grade Deep Purple or second-grade Pure Purple Body!
Even so, they had sent many people to search the Extreme Purple Yin Body in the Extreme Purple Realm to find this person …
However, after searching the entire Extreme Purple Realm, they still could not find any trace of this person. For a time, the super experts in the Extreme Purple Realm were very puzzled.
After the awakening of the Extreme Purple Yin Body, it was almost an instinctive sense of belonging to the Extreme Purple Yin Body. Obviously, the woman who awakened did not stay in the Extreme Purple Realm for long. This Extreme Purple Yin Body was a very unusual thing, but there was no result. In the end, it was left unsettled by the space node. If the woman did not appear, she would be found. It was almost impossible to find her through the space node.
"It can't be that guy from a year ago, right?" The purple-robed woman guessed.
Generally speaking, the warriors in the Extreme Purple Realm knew the rules. Unless they wanted to borrow the giant swords to practice the sword array, they would not be so bored as to pull the giant swords down. However, the woman had pulled down hundreds of thousands of giant swords. A warrior who could effortlessly control these giant swords must have a high-grade Extreme Purple Yin Body. Unfortunately, she did not know the rules. The purple-robed woman easily thought of the incident where a large number of giant swords were borrowed a year ago.
Thinking of this, the purple-robed woman gently stomped her feet. The big ship turned around and swooped down.
Whoosh whoosh whoosh whoosh …
She controlled the ship to descend, and the giant swords in the sky above the Heaven Domain were still being pulled down. Some of the giant swords' trajectories inevitably overlapped with her ship, so the purple-robed woman had to control the ship to avoid the giant swords that were descending.
"This guy!" The purple-robed woman dodged the giant swords, and there was a trace of anger in her heart. She said she did not know the rules. She really did not know the rules. What was she trying to do by pulling all the giant swords down? She was not really going to eat them, right? It would be a huge project to return hundreds of thousands of giant swords to their original positions!
Following the trajectory of the giant swords, the big ship began to dive down rapidly!
Then, the purple-robed woman standing at the bow of the ship revealed a look of shock …
There were hundreds of thousands of giant swords gathered below! Obviously, this person had not only pulled down the giant swords from the South Horizon Domain, but also from the North Horizon Domain, West Horizon Domain, and East Horizon Domain!
Millions of giant swords slowly circled in the sky, forming a vast sword river. It was a magnificent sight!
"This …"
It was not difficult for the Extreme Purple Yin Body to borrow a giant sword from other realms. The whole process was very simple. Once the sword was lent, it would slash down with inertia, and then disappear. There were only three steps in total. The person with the Extreme Purple Yin Body only needed to complete the first step and did not need to worry about the rest.
However, the giant swords in the sword river were all under the control of one person. They slowly flowed. Every giant sword that flowed to the end of the "sword river" had to change direction, and like nimble fish, they merged back into the sword river.
What was even more terrifying was that these giant swords did not make the slightest sound as they flowed. What did this mean? This meant that this person was controlling hundreds of thousands of giant swords, but he did not make any two giant swords collide.
The scene before them was not only terrifying, but also strange. How strong did one's control have to be to be able to achieve this?
Xi Youqin rolled up the sleeves of her casual clothes, revealing two white wrists. She constantly waved her hands towards the sky, and her slender fingers trembled slightly.
She did not know how she should cultivate. On one hand, she controlled these giant swords out of instinct, and on the other hand, it was purely out of boredom …
She waved her hands towards the sky, and with a faint smile on her face, she said to the Ancestral Gragon, "Is it nice? Little guy! "
"Caw, caw!" The Ancestral Gragon looked at the sword river in the sky, and his little tail suddenly wagged.
Hearing the Ancestral Gragon's cry, Xi Youqin smiled. "Then let's do it again!" After saying that, Xi Youqin suddenly stopped waving her hands, and instead, she straightened all ten swords!
"Whoosh, whoosh, whoosh …"
At the same time, all the giant swords were straightened neatly.
"Turn!"
"Whoosh!"
Hundreds of thousands of giant swords, this time, formed a circular vortex, and began to rotate slowly!
Seeing the transformation of these giant swords, the purple-robed woman standing on the big ship was stunned …
The Myriad of Colors Sword Formation was an extremely powerful sword formation in the universe.
A beginner could control 11,000 giant swords!
However, after successfully cultivating it, one could only control 110,000 giant swords with ease. Of course, the giant swords in the Extreme Purple Realm were not of high grades. For warriors in the Extreme Divine Realm, if they were rich enough, they could forge 110,000 low-grade divine weapons …
However, there were many mighty warriors in the Extreme Purple Realm who could control 1.1 million giant swords at the same time, and all of them were made from high-grade saint weapons!
As for some super mighty warriors, they could control 11 million giant swords … Of course, in the eyes of these super mighty warriors, although divine weapons weren't that valuable, they wouldn't go looking for 11 million giant swords. Therefore, they could only integrate a small amount of divine weapons into this sword formation.
Right now, this young man was able to control millions of giant swords with ease!
The most frightening thing was that the sword formation operated according to a certain pattern, and through constant practice, it was a process that went from being unfamiliar to being familiar with. But now, these giant swords weren't arranged in the same way, they were arranged in different shapes.
"Swoosh …"
The purple-robed woman adjusted the angle of the big ship, allowing it to go past the countless giant swords. Then, she saw a girl wearing white casual clothes, who had a big smile on her face as she wantonly controlled the giant swords.
"Just as I thought, she's just playing around …" The purple-robed woman suddenly felt a sense of injustice. "She's just a little Divine Core brat, why?!"
The jealousy between women was very strong. In the Upper Realm, a Divine Core warrior was just like a newborn baby, and they couldn't be considered to have stepped onto the path of cultivation. But, this girl in front of her was just a Divine Core warrior!
＝＝＝＝＝

Chapter 943
Although she was jealous, the purple-robed woman still had a clear mind. Putting aside this woman's insane control, as she was able to control millions of huge swords at will, this woman's Extreme Purple Yin Body must be of a high grade!
With this thought in mind, the purple-robed woman controlled the ship to slowly descend.
Xi Youqin was having fun. Suddenly, her eyes lit up, and she pulled out all the huge swords from the slowly rotating whirlpool. She then stacked the swords together, slowly forming strokes. Slowly, they formed a quatrain in the sky …
"The long night is cold, the green curtain is low, the pipa doesn't sound sad for anyone."
Looking at the quatrain in the sky, Xi Youqin's eyes revealed a lonely expression. Although she was having fun, she still couldn't get rid of the loneliness in her heart.
The purple-robed woman had already left the ship. She raised her head and understood the meaning of the quatrain, then a sneer emerged on her face. "You're still a resentful woman …"
The purple-robed woman had already thought of her opening speech. She clicked her tongue twice and said, "With your talent, when you succeed in your cultivation in the future, wouldn't you be able to choose from all the outstanding men in this world? Wouldn't you be able to choose from them? Why do you have to pretend to be so miserable? "
Xi Youqin turned her head around. She was too focused just now, so she didn't notice the ship and the purple-robed woman. She gave the purple-robed woman a glance, then said, "No matter how outstanding a man is, he can't be compared to him."
"Can't be compared to him? I don't believe that. "A disdainful expression emerged on the purple-robed woman's face. In her mind, this woman was only a Divine Core warrior, and she knew nothing about the Extreme Purple Realm. Under such circumstances, she must have been born in some lower realm. How outstanding could a cultivator from a lower realm be?
Besides, this woman was a Divine Core warrior, and the man she missed couldn't be that strong either. At most, he was only a False Tribulation warrior. At most, he was a Life and Death warrior, just a small fry. This was the bad thing about female cultivators from the lower realm. Their vision was too narrow, and they didn't know that there were many outstanding men in this universe …
Xi Youqin didn't want to talk about this topic, but she suddenly shouted, "Are you my master?"
She was told by the old man that as long as she entered the Extreme Purple Realm, her "master" would come and find her. Therefore, the purple-robed woman in front of her was naturally her master …
When the purple-robed woman heard her calling her master, she was startled, and an embarrassed expression emerged on her face.
To be honest, the purple-robed woman was a Divine Core warrior's master, and she was more than qualified to be a Divine Core warrior's master.
The problem was that the purple-robed woman had long seen that Xi Youqin was extraordinary. If she really rashly accepted Xi Youqin as her disciple, she would probably be driven out of the Extreme Purple Realm by her master!
But to her master's master's master, her master's master's master, master's's master.
When she thought of this, the purple-robed woman suppressed the jealousy in her heart, and a courteous smile emerged on her face. "You want to be my disciple?"
Xi Youqin responded with an "en". Although she wanted to cultivate, she didn't know how. She did learn a few cultivation techniques from the Void Spirit Sect when she was in the Xi family, but they were incompatible with her Extreme Purple Yin Body, and she couldn't use them.
If she had a master, she would be more than willing. When she thought about how she could help Luo Zheng in the future, and even give him a big surprise, Xi Youqin's heart was filled with warmth.
The purple-robed woman smiled, "With your condition, of course you're qualified to be my disciple. Wait a moment, my master … will be here soon!"
Recommending this woman to her master would definitely be a great achievement. Of course, she wouldn't let Xi Youqin get away!
But she wasn't the only one in the Extreme Purple Realm. This little girl had drawn out millions of huge swords, and she wasn't the only one who was alarmed. She had to make the first move.
So, the purple-robed woman hurriedly took out a Sound Transmitting Charm and burned it. The Sound Transmitting Charm she used was naturally much more powerful than the Sound Transmitting Charms in the Lower Realm. It could even transmit across the entire Great Realm.
Since the woman said that her master would be here soon, Xi Youqin didn't take it to heart. Except for her emotional intelligence, Xi Youqin was very weak in other aspects. Or rather, she was too lazy to think so much. She picked up the Ancestral Gragon and continued to manipulate the millions of huge swords, forming one big word after another in the air. It read, "The ruler's heart is uncertain like the bright moon, only then it turns east and west."
While waiting for her master to arrive, the purple-robed woman also looked at Xi Youqin's words. Such a bitter and self-pitying poem made the purple-robed woman speechless. She was even a little curious. Wasn't it just a man? Was it necessary?
The purple-robed woman said, "My master is a super almighty in the Extreme Purple Realm. If you're lucky enough to be her disciple, you have to focus on cultivation. As for this man, don't think about it anymore."
Unexpectedly, Xi Youqin suddenly turned her head. She blinked her eyes, but there was a trace of a smile on her face, "If I don't want to, I'd rather not cultivate."
The purple-robed woman immediately frowned, and then said, "If you're my master's disciple, I'll be your senior sister in the future. Don't blame me for not reminding you. My master is very resourceful, and there are very few people in the world who are qualified to be her disciple. You have to seize the opportunity. When your strength improves, you can choose any young talent in the world! You have to know that you have to suffer first before you get the sweetness. "
Xi Youqin giggled, "I cultivate for him. If you tell me not to think about it, then I naturally won't cultivate. Do you understand?"
"Oh …" The purple-robed woman was stunned by Xi Youqin's logic. What kind of logic was this? How could she cultivate for others? After thinking for a while, she said, "Cultivating martial arts requires you to strengthen your heart. Only then can you break through your mental barriers and reach the peak. Naturally, you have to focus on yourself. How can you cultivate for others?"
"But I'm cultivating for others. What's wrong with that?" Xi Youqin tilted her head and said suspiciously.
The purple-robed woman was speechless. Forget it, she would leave this little girl to her master. There was no need for her to get involved. Communicating with her was too tiring.
After a while, rays of purple light continued to condense, and a person slowly appeared on the big ship.
The purple-robed woman turned her head and a respectful expression appeared on her face. Then, she knelt on the ground and said, "Disciple greets master!"
The person on the ship was wearing a light purple robe. Judging from her appearance, she was a beautiful woman in her thirties or forties. After she appeared, her eyes were fixed on Xi Youqin. At the same time, she glanced at the giant swords floating in the air. Her face revealed a look of astonishment.
Just now, this beautiful woman's disciple had told her that a woman with a high-grade Extreme Purple Yin Body had been found in the Extreme Purple Realm. It was at least a third-grade Deep Purple Body! This beautiful woman had hurriedly rushed over from the Myriad Purple Jade Tower!
The number of Extreme Violet Yin Physiques in the universe was not small, but most of them were either light purple or green purple! They were either sixth-grade or fifth-grade. As for fourth-grade Deep Purple Bodies, they were extremely rare. Any woman with a fourth-grade Deep Purple Body was qualified to join the Myriad Purple Jade Tower unconditionally!
So when she heard that her disciple had a Deep Purple Body, how could she not be anxious? That was a third-grade Deep Purple Body.
However, when she saw her, she was shocked. The little girl in front of her was not a third-grade Deep Purple Body, nor was she a second-grade Deep Purple Body. She was a first-grade Deep Purple Body. How could a first-grade Deep Purple Body appear? This … The beautiful woman could not figure it out.
"Mas … master?" The purple-robed woman knelt on the ground and called out softly.
After realizing that she had lost her composure, the beautiful woman said to the purple-robed woman, "Hong Yue, please rise."
After speaking, the beautiful woman walked gently toward Xi Youqin. Hong Yue stepped forward and held her master's hand. When the two of them reached Xi Youqin, the beautiful woman asked, "What is your name?"
After realizing that this was her master, Xi Youqin bowed slightly. "My surname is Xi, and my name is Youqin."
"Xi Youqin?" The beautiful woman asked.
Xi Youqin quickly nodded. "Yes!"

Chapter 944
The Ten Thousand Purple Jade Tower was famous in the universe, but Xi Youqin couldn't understand why he would say such a thing to her.
Since she had to join the Myriad Purple Jade Tower as a disciple, she did not care. She smiled and said to the beautiful woman, "Yes! No problem! "
At this moment, the beautiful woman raised her head and glanced at the large words that were pieced together by the huge swords, forming a seven-word poem of a resentful woman.
Thus, the beautiful woman frowned and said, "The cultivation method of my Ten Thousand Purple Jade Tower emphasizes on a pure heart and few desires. If you have any mortal bonds that you have not yet severed, you must sever them one by one. Don't have any other thoughts."
"Ah …" Xi Youqin blinked. Why was it different from what the old man said? However, she still shook her head firmly. "Impossible. I'd rather not join the Myriad Purple Jade Tower than be your disciple!"
The beautiful woman did not expect the little girl to change her mind so quickly.
However, Xi Youqin had a First Grade Extreme Purple Yin Body. How could she let her go?
The beautiful woman sneered. "You're still young and ignorant. How can I allow you to do as you wish?"
No matter who the beautiful woman was, Xi Youqin did not give her any face. "I'm not joining! What can you do to me? "
The woman called Hong Yue saw that her master's expression was not good and quickly persuaded her. "Miss Youqin, master is doing this for your own good. I think you should …"
Xi Youqin's expression darkened. She did not know that there was such a rule when it came to becoming a disciple. At this moment, she did not say anything and turned to leave.
However, just as she was about to turn around, she felt as if her body was stuck in mud. She could not move a single step.
"Ga Gu!" The Ancestral Dragon was not affected at all. It leaped onto Xi Youqin's shoulder and roared at the beautiful woman.
"Eh, this little dragon … is actually not affected?" The beautiful woman's face also revealed a trace of surprise.
In fact, the Ancestral Dragon could break free from most of the Origin Source Laws. Even the high-level Space and Time Laws had no effect on it.
"Let me go!" Xi Youqin wanted to leave the node and return to the Great Thousand World. Since she could not move, she waved her hand and all the giant swords in the sky came crashing down.
The beautiful lady let out a faint smile. She gently waved her hand as well, causing all the huge swords to leave Xi Youqin's control and return to their original positions. "You're only a Divine Core warrior, but you're able to control millions of huge swords. Your talent is indeed amazing, but if you think those huge swords can hurt me, then you're dreaming! You're still young, but you're still a little stubborn. I won't care about this. You'd better obediently follow me to the Myriad Purple Jade Tower! Master will treat you well. When you have a good education, Master will definitely help you choose the most outstanding genius in the universe … "
"You're not my master, who wants you to help me choose?" Xi Youqin scolded with a cold voice.
The beautiful lady didn't get angry, she still had a smile on her face. Hong Yue was stunned by what she saw. She knew her master had a bad temper, but she didn't get angry even after being scolded by this little girl. She could imagine how much her master valued this Xi Youqin …
Too bad, she didn't know what was good for her, and she was asking for trouble. Hong Yue sighed in her mind.
When the beautiful lady walked in front of Xi Youqin, she glanced at Xi Youqin with an indifferent expression, then said with the same kind voice, "If you don't want to go to the Myriad Purple Jade Tower, then I'll just kill that man and stop you from thinking about him. What do you think?"
"Ah …"
Hearing this, Xi Youqin became anxious.
She didn't know how strong this woman was, but she was definitely an existence that made people despair. Just like that old man, Luo Zheng didn't have the slightest ability to fight back in front of him. If this woman really wanted to kill Luo Zheng, what should she do?
Seeing Xi Youqin's panicked expression, the beautiful lady smiled faintly, "Don't worry, after entering the Myriad Purple Jade Tower, you'll be able to clear your mind and cultivate. It won't take long for you to forget about him. Feelings are ultimately useless for cultivators …"
Who knew that Xi Youqin's panicked expression only lasted for a moment. She turned around and said coldly to the beautiful lady, "Don't even think about it. If you dare to kill Luo Zheng, I'll kill myself immediately. I'd rather die than acknowledge you as my master!"
"Luo Zheng?" The beautiful woman mulled over this name. She even compared it to the hundreds of young elites in the universe that left the deepest impression on her. But, this name wasn't among them. She understood that since this person was nameless, then there was no need for her to fear this name. Before this, the beautiful woman had some reservations about this name. If this person she admired was an Empyrean descendant, then things would be a bit troublesome.
Xi Youqin realized that she had blurted out Luo Zheng's name and hurriedly covered her mouth. Her heart was filled with regret.
However, the beautiful lady didn't expect that although the name Luo Zheng wasn't famous now, it was destined to shake the universe in the future. It was a name that she would remember for the rest of her life!
"Hehehehe …"
At this moment, a wave of laughter suddenly came from the sky.
The voice was soft and sweet, but it was endlessly charming. Just this laughter alone made people's faces and ears turn red, and their hearts beat faster.
The beautiful lady's expression didn't change in the slightest, but Hong Yue's face had already revealed an awkward expression. As for Xi Youqin, her cultivation was the lowest. When the seductive laughter entered her ears, her face flushed red, and her breathing became more rapid. She had given herself to Luo Zheng, so she was no longer a virgin. Her body had an extremely unnatural reaction.
"The Ten Thousand Purple Jade House is a nuns' house. Those who enter it are like living widows. If you take this woman as your master, then you'll have no interest in life. You might as well die." The voice gently floated over, as if someone was blowing air into Xi Youqin's ear. It made all the hair on her body stand on end, and she couldn't help but tremble.
Not long after, a large bed inlaid with gold appeared in the sky. This bed was about ten feet wide and ten feet long. However, the person sleeping on this bed wasn't a giant, but a delicate woman.
This woman looked as pure as a white lotus. Her appearance was extremely pure, but she was wearing very little clothes, and she exuded a foxy charm. Not to mention ordinary men, even Xi Youqin's mouth became dry when she looked at her.
What made Xi Youqin most dumbfounded was that at the edge of this bed, there were ten topless men neatly sitting upright. Those men were all strong and powerful. At this moment, they were sitting cross-legged with their eyes closed.
"Zhao Xiaoxiao, you slut. You don't know how to restrain yourself. What right do you have to criticize me?" When the beautiful woman saw the woman appear, her face immediately darkened.
This woman called Zhao Xiaoxiao lifted her seemingly boneless body. Her legs were like two thin snakes, and then she placed her arms on the shoulders of a strong man. Looking at the Seven Words Quatrains in the sky, she smiled charmingly and said, "Little girl, I see that you're already a virgin. You must be thinking of men to compose this poem. Why don't you come to my Ecstasy House? You can taste all the men in the world, and you can also cultivate …"
Before Zhao Xiaoxiao could finish her words, the beautiful woman directly scolded her, "Slut!"
Zhao Xiaoxiao wasn't angry at being scolded like this. She just smiled faintly and said, "There's more than one path on the martial path. Hua Bingyan, I've debated with you many times, but you haven't been able to convince me even once."
Xi Youqin stood where she was, hugging the Ancestral Gragon. Her mind was in a mess, and she felt that she was about to collapse. What were these people talking about?
She didn't know that the Three Storey Towers in the Extreme Purple Realm were also very famous in the universe. Hua Bingyan was the owner of the Myriad Purple Jade Tower, and Zhao Xiaoxiao was the owner of the Ecstasy House.
The Two Storey Towers were quite extreme. The Myriad Purple Jade Tower was a typical nunnery. Once one entered, one's heart would be pure, and all thoughts would be cut off.

Chapter 945
The reason was simple. Even the most lustful cultivators were afraid of death.
People could still enjoy themselves while they were alive, but after they died, they would have nothing left …
The women in the Soul Stirring Tower did not force people to do what they wanted. However, the Art of Seduction that they cultivated made men unable to extricate themselves. In the end, their bodies would be squeezed dry. If it was light, their vitality would be greatly damaged, and their hundreds or thousands of years of cultivation would be destroyed. If it was serious, their vitality would be damaged, and they would become useless. There were even many who lost their lives.
Obviously, Xi Youqin wanted a man, but she only wanted a Luo Zheng. How could she enter such a place?
As for the Myriad Purple Jade Tower, it directly cut off the root of love. She could not do it either.
She was deceived by that damned old man …
Xi Youqin thought bitterly. The problem was that she was already here. Facing the two people in front of her, how could she escape? Even if she escaped back to the Central Domain through the node, would she bring disaster to Luo Zheng? These were the things that Xi Youqin was very worried about.
At this time, Xi Youqin was thinking gloomily in her heart. The two Tower Masters beside her were arguing about Xi Youqin!
The two of them would not let go of Xi Youqin's First Grade Extreme Purple Yin Body. The argument was at a stalemate. Seeing that the argument between the two women was about to escalate into a fight, an old and dignified voice rang out again.
"Get out of my way!"
After this voice rang out, Zhao Xiaoxiao and Hua Bingyan's faces darkened.
Then, an amiable but dignified old woman appeared in front of everyone, holding a walking stick.
Although Zhao Xiaoxiao and Hua Bingyan's faces were gloomy, they still respectfully greeted the old woman, "Tower Master."
In the Extreme Purple Realm, there were three floors and one tower. Other than the Myriad Purple Jade Tower and the Soul Stirring Tower, there was also the Moon Embracing Tower! And the tower that held the absolute advantage was this tower, called the Indefinite Tower!
This old granny was the Indefinite Tower's Tower Master. The outside world called her "Indefinite Old Woman".
Supporting himself with his walking stick, Wuding Old Man slowly walked towards Xi Youqin with a faint smile on his face. "Not bad, not bad. That old fellow has found me a good seedling!"
"Pagoda Master, Xi Youqin was my first …" Hua Bingyan couldn't accept Indefinite Old Man's words and tried to argue.
As for Zhao Xiaoxiao, she smiled lightly and said, "So what if you go first? I don't want to be a nun with you! "
"You first?" Indefinite Old Man glanced coldly at Hua Bingyan, then smiled at Xi Youqin. "Little girl, show me your right hand."
At this moment, Xi Youqin was completely bewildered. She no longer dared to call her Master. Instead, she timidly extended her right hand towards the old lady in front of her.
Everyone could clearly see that in Xi Youqin's palm was a location talisman unique to the Demi-Immortal Clan.
Seeing this location talisman, Hua Bingyan and Zhao Xiaoxiao naturally understood. The Pagoda Master was not a member of the Demi-Immortal Clan, but her old man was an important figure in the Demi-Immortal Clan. Presumably, this girl was sent by that old man?
Indefinite Old Man looked indifferently at Hua Bingyan and said, "See? Do you need me to explain? "
Hua Bingyan's expression was slightly awkward as she shook her head. "No need, Pagoda Master. I didn't know before."
"It's good that you didn't know." Indefinite Old Man looked kindly at Xi Youqin and smiled. "Little girl, the Master that my old man wants you to acknowledge is this old man."
Xi Youqin curled her lips. After all this commotion, she had already given up on the idea of becoming Luo Zheng's disciple. However, on second thought, it seemed that she could only continue to cultivate. No matter what, it was a good thing for Luo Zheng that she had become stronger.
But she still asked warily, "You … want me to think of a man?"
These words came out of nowhere, but Indefinite Old Man was baffled, and all sorts of strange expressions appeared on his face.
Zhao Xiaoxiao laughed from the side. "Hahaha, this little girl looks decent and virtuous, but she has inherited the true teachings of my Soul-Dousing House! Looks like she's the most suitable to join my House! "
"No, no, no … that's not what I meant!" Xi Youqin's face turned red again. Her head was spinning from the two House Masters' actions, and her words were all jumbled up, but it was really embarrassing to say those words out loud.
However, Indefinite Old Man understood Xi Youqin's words and said indifferently, "The old man has already told me about you. I also know that you have no interest in martial arts and cultivate for that person. If you acknowledge me as your master, I will not restrict you too much. But the path of martial arts ultimately depends on one's heart. If you can persevere, you will definitely gain something. It all depends on whether you can persevere for that person …"
Hearing this, Xi Youqin was relieved. She nodded silently and said, "I can!"
"Very good." Indefinite Old Man smiled faintly. "In that case, you will enter the Tower with me."
"Can we not do it now?" Xi Youqin asked again. Her motivation to acknowledge a master was very strong, but she was not willing to enter the Tower now. Luo Zheng had just returned to the Central Domain, and she wanted to spend more time with him during this period.
Indefinite Old Man smiled faintly. "As you wish! However, you will enter the Tower with me. In the future, when you return to the Extreme Purple Realm, you will naturally connect the space node to the Tower's entrance. "
When warriors with the Extreme Purple Yin Body first entered the Extreme Purple Realm, their location was randomly assigned. However, if the location was changed, the next time they entered, they would enter directly from the node they left from last time. Indefinite Old Man wanted her to change the node to somewhere near Indefinite Tower.
"Mm!" Xi Youqin finally smiled. This old woman was very easy to talk to. Xi Youqin could not stand too many restrictions, so she naturally felt that Indefinite Old Man was amiable.
…
…
A night of spring.
Ning Yudie lazily stretched her well-proportioned body. When she saw Luo Zheng beside her, a blush appeared on her face.
For a cultivator, this little bit of energy was like a drop in the ocean. It was an absurd night, and neither of them slept at all!
"Are you asleep?" Ning Yudie lay on Luo Zheng's chest, her fine black hair scattered over Luo Zheng's chest.
She was petite, so sitting on Luo Zheng's body was like sitting on a boat. Realizing that Luo Zheng was only pretending to sleep, she mischievously reached out to pinch Luo Zheng's nose.
However, before her little hand could touch Luo Zheng's nose, Luo Zheng grabbed it like lightning.
"You're so annoying. Let go!" Ning Yudie said coquettishly.
How could Luo Zheng let go? After grabbing her hand, he pulled her into his embrace and held her tightly in his arms.
"Hmph, last night you …" Ning Yudie said again.
Luo Zheng interrupted Ning Yudie's words. He chuckled and said, "You're still talking? You're freezing me to death!"
"Hmph, who told you to be naughty? If you dare to be naughty in the future, I'll freeze you to death! "Ning Yudie's face revealed a complacent expression.
"I'm not afraid of the cold! If you don't believe me, why don't we try again? "Luo Zheng laughed.
"I don't want to. Do you think I'm a fool …"
After flirting for a while, the two of them freshened up. Ning Yudie tied her fine black hair into a bun, leaving her delicate earlobes exposed. This was the custom of the Central Domain. Women who got married had to tie their hair up for three days. Under this style, Ning Yudie lost some of her playfulness and liveliness, but gained a sense of nobility.
Yesterday, the old man didn't leave the Cloud Hall. Luo Zheng didn't even know the purpose of the old man's visit. Therefore, after waking up early this morning, he went straight to the old man.
The Cloud Palace had arranged for a tea house, and this old man was drinking tea in the tea house without being salty or bland!
As soon as Luo Zheng entered the tea house, he bowed to the old man. The old man chuckled and looked outside the tea house. At this time, a figure flew over from outside the tea house. It was Xi Youqin, who left last night.
Looking at Xi Youqin's travel-worn appearance, where did she leave the Cloud Hall yesterday? Luo Zheng's face revealed a trace of curiosity. He wondered where Xi Youqin went.
The key point was that he saw the old man talking to Xi Youqin yesterday. And this morning, Xi Youqin went straight here. What happened?
＝＝＝＝＝

Chapter 946
Xi Youqin flew into the tea house with a faint smile on her face. She called out sweetly, "Grandpa, let me pour some tea for you!"
The old man chuckled and nodded his head in agreement.
In fact, since Xi Youqin had become Indefinite Old Man's disciple last night, she should have called him Grandmaster. However, Xi Youqin wanted to hide it from Luo Zheng, so she could only call him Grandpa.
After receiving the old man's approval, Xi Youqin smiled. She reached out and washed the tea set. Then, she sifted the green tea with a funnel. She poured a full cup of green tea and handed it to the old man.
The old man's face lit up. He laughed and said, "My disciples and grand-disciples aren't as quick as you. Good! Good … "
After Xi Youqin had become his disciple, that old woman of his family should thank him. Now that he saw how intelligent Xi Youqin was, the more he looked at her, the more he liked her. He was able to see through people's hearts. Yesterday, during the dual cultivation ceremony, how could he not see the bitterness in Xi Youqin's heart? In front of Luo Zheng, he naturally praised Xi Youqin.
Xi Youqin smiled. She poured another cup and handed it to Luo Zheng. Then, she retreated to the side.
Luo Zheng took a sip of tea and asked, "Yesterday, I was fortunate enough to receive your medicine. I …"
Who knew that just as Luo Zheng opened his mouth, the old man waved his hand. He was a person who didn't like to be long-winded. He just said, "Little Mo and the others have already returned to the Demi-Immortal Clan! That medicine isn't anything good, but it can make your cultivation speed double with half the effort. As for Lei Fa and the others, I have already sent them away! I don't have a name, so you don't need to ask me … "
Luo Zheng's mouth was wide open. He hadn't even asked anything yet, but this old man had already spouted out a bunch of words. The old man already knew what he wanted to ask, so why did he speak like this? Luo Zheng felt a little speechless.
The old man chuckled and drank the tea in his hand. He then turned his head to Xi Youqin and said, "Little girl, pour this old man another cup of tea!"
Xi Youqin walked over and filled the celadon teacup, then retreated to the side.
Before Luo Zheng could respond, the old man went on. "You are a Fateless One, and the Demi-Immortals can't control your fate. Therefore, I won't be taking you to the Demi-Immortals."
"Ah?" Luo Zheng was slightly stunned.
The old man chuckled. "Ah, it's useless. If I don't bring them, then I won't bring them. Although those old guys almost fought with me over this matter, my point of view is right! You are free to ascend! My Demi-Immortals will not interfere with your path. "
This time, Luo Zheng was even more confused. He thought for a moment and was about to speak again. This time, he wanted to ask about the Linglong Pagoda. He had promised Boss Mo and the others, who were also Little Mo, that the old man spoke of. The agreement was that the Linglong Pagoda would be fully unfurled and remain in the Sea God Continent for three hundred years!
But before he could speak, the old man continued, "Let's leave the Linglong Pagoda here first. It's not very useful anyway."
Luo Zheng was stunned. He had seen people rush to speak, but he had never seen someone rush to speak like this. He hadn't even said anything, and this guy had already answered. Luo Zheng could only choke speechlessly.
Xi Youqin, who was next to him, laughed. Luo Zheng's appearance was unprecedentedly funny …
Therefore, Luo Zheng wanted to ask for a reason, but just as he opened his mouth, he closed it. He was sure that the old man would not let him speak.
Sure enough, just as he opened his mouth, the old man continued, "There's no reason! I've thought about it a lot. Fateless people have their own paths. You are a participant in the battle of the world, but you are also a Fateless person. Therefore, you have to walk your own path. It's best that others don't interfere … "
Luo Zheng could only silently take a sip of tea. Yun Luo had said the same thing before.
She didn't want the Demi-Immortals to take away Zhao Li, who had obtained the title of Silver Asura. But she didn't interfere with him. Even after he obtained the Heavenly Dao fragment, she didn't react. Instead, she allowed him to make his own judgment …
This way, Luo Zheng was indeed quite free. But he still needed someone to show him the way. Luo Zheng felt somewhat conflicted.
This time, Luo Zheng didn't want to speak at all. The old man patted Luo Zheng's shoulder. "The path of a Legend has always been unprecedented. No one is qualified to show you the way, not even Celestial Venerables! But you have to remember, I won't take you to the Demi-Immortals. You won't change your blood. But in the end, you are still a member of the Demi-Immortals. Just treat it as an agreement with the Exquisite Pagoda! "
After saying this, the old man stood up and waved the celadon teacup in his hand. "Can you give this old man another cup of tea?"
Xi Youqin smiled slightly and walked over to fill his cup. After the old man drank it in one gulp, he looked at the Ancestral Dragon beside Xi Youqin and said, "I forgot, this Ancestral Dragon will be taken care of by you. This old man should also go! Goodbye … "
This time, Luo Zheng didn't say anything. If he opened his mouth, the old man would most likely seal his mouth again …
But this time, the one who spoke was not Luo Zheng, but Xi Youqin.
Xi Youqin smiled faintly and asked, "Grandpa, what is your name … Can you tell me?"
The old man turned his head and smiled at Xi Youqin. His mouth moved slightly, and a wave of True Essence was transmitted to Xi Youqin.
After saying this, his figure flashed and disappeared directly in front of Luo Zheng.
"Nameless … So Grandmaster's name is Nameless. I see." Xi Youqin learned the old man's name through True Essence Sound Transmission. As for Xi Youqin's Master, it was called Indefinite.
"Wu Ming and Wu Ding." This couple was also a famous martial artist in the universe.
Luo Zheng looked at Xi Youqin strangely and asked, "Youqin, what is this old man's name?"
The corners of Xi Youqin's mouth twitched, and she snorted. "I'm not telling you!"
"No, you have to tell me!" Luo Zheng was not happy. This girl was still keeping him in suspense. How could he allow it?
"I won't!" Xi Youqin smiled faintly. Her eyes were full of lust, but her body slowly retreated.
How could Luo Zheng let Xi Youqin go? He took a step forward, intercepted her, and pulled her into his arms. Since Xi Youqin refused to let go, Luo Zheng could only not let go. After a while, a wave of True Essence spread out and enveloped the tea house. Xi Youqin gently placed the teapot in her hand on the table, and her whole body went limp in Luo Zheng's arms …
For a moment, the small tea house was filled with spring.
In the end, Luo Zheng still did not get the old man's name.
As for what the old man said to Xi Youqin before, and where Xi Youqin went last night, Luo Zheng could not ask.
He was curious, but since he could not get the answer, he could only give up in the end. Therefore, in Luo Zheng's eyes, Xi Youqin seemed a little mysterious. What was this obedient girl hiding from him? And what was her relationship with the old man of the Demi-Immortal Clan?
Xi Youqin did not want to tell him the truth. Frankly speaking, if she could stay by Luo Zheng's side, she would not have the slightest desire to pursue martial arts.
But now she understood that the Lower Realm would not be able to keep Luo Zheng. Sooner or later, he would ascend …
She wanted to give Luo Zheng a surprise. After Luo Zheng ascended, she could enter the Extreme Purple Realm to cultivate with peace of mind. She hoped to be able to reunite with Luo Zheng in the Upper Realm. As for this Ning Yudie, if she had to cultivate for a hundred years before ascending to the Upper Realm, then she could slowly wait in the Lower Realm. Xi Youqin was immensely proud of this plan.
For half a month, other than accompanying Ning Yudie and Xi Youqin, Luo Zheng spent the rest of his time cultivating. But after half a month, Luo Zheng stood in the Cloud Hall, looking toward the east.
Eastern Region …
Since he stepped on the Blue Clouds Road, four years had passed in a flash.
For a martial artist, four years was just the blink of an eye. However, Luo Zheng was only twenty years old. Four years was equivalent to one-fifth of his life. These four years were also the most important four years for him!
It was time to go back.

Chapter 947
As he looked towards the south, a figure suddenly appeared in Luo Zheng's mind …
It was Su Lingyun, the Eldest Princess of the Sky-Scorching Dynasty, who was dressed in green and cared for him a lot in the Blue Cloud Sect.
After he left the Eastern Domain, he didn't have any time to rest because of Luo Yan. Su Lingyun was still waiting for him there, but he couldn't return until now.
He thought about how he had dragged Su Lingyun all the way through the Imperial Palace, smashing one wall after another. His face was covered in dirt, but Su Lingyun had a nonchalant smile on her face. Her requirements had always been very low. Perhaps it could be said that she had always been like a mentor to him. She had always done her best and never had any extravagant demands.
Thus, a trace of guilt rose in Luo Zheng's heart.
However, Luo Zheng's fame in the Cloud Hall had spread throughout the Central Domain. With such a great reputation, it was enough to ensure Su Lingyun's safety.
The Sect Master of the Blue Cloud Sect, Shi Jingtian, wasn't a fool. How could he dare to let Su Lingyun suffer the slightest harm?
Luo Zheng wasn't worried about Su Lingyun's safety. However, his promise to return to the Eastern Domain had been delayed for a long time. For others, four years was an unimaginable speed. However, Luo Zheng had several opportunities to return to the Eastern Domain, but because of Luo Yan's problem, he ultimately chose to use the time to cultivate.
In other words, Luo Zheng had put Su Lingyun behind him …
There were two ways to return to the Eastern Domain. One was to use the Transmission Array and enter the ruins of the Sixth Grade Sect. The other was to directly travel through the Central Domain.
If it was in the past, Luo Zheng would probably choose the shortest way, which was to use the Transmission Array.
But now, Luo Zheng was suddenly relaxed. Time seemed to have suddenly increased by countless times. He took the two women all the way to the east. He chose to go through the entire Central Domain to reach the Eastern Domain.
"I haven't been to the Eastern Region yet." Ning Yudie smiled faintly.
On the way to the east, the two women seemed to be in a good mood. Luo Zheng didn't know if there was still a knot in their hearts, but at least they didn't show it on the surface.
Xi Youqin blinked and said with a smile, "I haven't been there either, but I want to see the place where Luo Zheng grew up and his hometown!"
Strictly speaking, the Eastern Domain was just an extension of the Central Domain. However, compared to the Western Domain and other places, it was still much larger. That was why an existence like the Burning Sky Empire was born in a corner of the Eastern Domain.
With Luo Zheng and the two women's speed, it would only take them a day to travel across the Eastern Domain. But, the three of them were walking leisurely, and they treated this as a vacation. Therefore, they slowed down, and it took them six to seven days to arrive at the Burning Sky Empire.
Luo Zheng brought the two goddess-like women and stood in front of the Burning Sky Empire's city gate. In an instant, they attracted countless gazes.
Especially Xi Youqin and Ning Yudie. With their temperament, they looked like goddesses from a painting …
"Look, that guy is so arrogant, he actually brought two beautiful women into the Imperial Capital!"
"If those bastards from the Imperial Capital set their eyes on them, they'll be in trouble …"
"Are you kidding me? Look at that guy's cultivation, and those two women's cultivation, I can't see through them at all. I'm afraid they are at least Divine Reflection realm, especially that man, I'm afraid he's a Divine Core warrior! Who dares to cause trouble for them? The eight great families? They're just courting death! "
Some commoners and cultivators were whispering behind them.
Naturally, the three of them didn't care about these voices at all …
In the Eastern Domain, the highest cultivation realm for cultivators was the Divine Core realm, and the strongest cultivator in the entire Eastern Domain was a sect under the Cloud Hall, the Sect Chief of the Blue Cloud Sect, Shi Jingtian.
Ning Yudie and Xi Youqin didn't have much interest in the Burning Sky Empire's city. Ning Yudie was the one who controlled the Cloud Hall, and that was equivalent to controlling the entire Cloud Sea City. Compared to the Cloud Sea City that was home to many powerful families, the Burning Sky Empire's city couldn't be compared at all.
As for Xi Youqin, she had grown up in the Void Sky City. The Void Sky City was a big city that was famous for its resources. Although it was destroyed by the Tian Xie Sect, before that, the Void Sky City didn't put any other big cities in the Central Domain in their eyes.
Of course, Luo Zheng's feelings were completely different. After revisiting this place, he couldn't help but sigh in his heart.
After traveling for a while, Luo Zheng and the two girls finally arrived at the entrance of the Blue Cloud Sect.
It seemed like some kind of event was being held at the entrance of the Blue Cloud Sect. A few deacons of the Blue Cloud Sect were standing on top of the Flying Chariot, guarding the entrance of the Blue Cloud Sect.
When one of the deacons saw Luo Zheng, Ning Yudie, and Xi Youqin walking towards them, he glanced at them, then a shocked expression emerged on his face.
The deacons couldn't see through Luo Zheng and Ning Yudie's cultivation bases, but as for Xi Youqin, he could tell that she was a Divine Core warrior!
Although without the Extreme Violet Yin Body, Xi Youqin's combat strength was weaker than some Divine Core warriors, she was still able to intimidate some warriors with her Divine Core cultivation base. This was especially true in the Eastern Domain, where Divine Core warriors were the strongest warriors.
The deacons drove the Flying Chariot and flew towards them. He leapt down from the Flying Chariot and cupped his fist toward Luo Zheng and the girls. "Excuse me, why have you come to the Blue Cloud Sect?"
Luo Zheng smiled. He looked at the deacons in front of him and said, "Deacons Cao, don't you remember me?"
This deacons Cao was the deacons who were responsible for guarding the Illusory Fish Pond. Perhaps he had been transferred to be a patrol deacons, and it looked like he had been demoted …
Deacons Cao's heart skipped a beat. He stared at the man in front of him with a surprised expression.
Actually, Luo Zheng gave him a familiar feeling, as if he had seen this man somewhere before.
But, Luo Zheng had been away for more than four years, and during these four years, Luo Zheng had grown from a teenager to a young man. During this time, his overall strength had increased by leaps and bounds, and after tempering his body several times, his body had undergone a complete transformation. Even his temperament had changed completely.
How could Deacons Cao recognize him?
After carefully inspecting Luo Zheng, his eyes suddenly widened, and a possibility suddenly appeared in his mind!
Luo Zheng!
Although the Central Domain and Eastern Domain didn't have much information, a lot of information was still transmitted to them through the Blue Cloud Sect.
Luo Zheng was a disciple from the Eastern Domain, a disciple from the Blue Cloud Sect! How could the Blue Cloud Sect not pay attention to him? In fact, every single action of Luo Zheng's would be transmitted to them from the Central Domain whenever they had the chance.
Seeing Deacons Cao's astonished gaze, Luo Zheng nodded slightly and made a gesture to keep quiet.
Deacons Cao nodded slightly and controlled himself, not shouting out loud.
When Luo Zheng was training in the Illusory Fish Pond, Deacons Cao still remembered it clearly. He had specially reported to the higher-ups for Luo Zheng, but he was stopped by the Enlightened Masters.
Those Enlightened Masters were punished by Shi Jingtian, and one of them was even killed by Shi Jingtian on the spot during the All-Peak Competition. However, after the matter slowly died down, those Enlightened Masters decided to settle the score. However, Deacons Cao's matter wasn't the main reason for Shi Jingtian's rage. Therefore, those Enlightened Masters found an excuse to demote him to Patrol Deacons.
"Why were you demoted to Patrol Deacons?" Luo Zheng asked curiously.
Deacons Cao was delighted. He knew what kind of status Luo Zheng had now. However, since Luo Zheng asked about it, there might be a chance for him to turn the situation around. Some things might be extremely difficult for someone like him, but for the current Luo Zheng, it was just a matter of a few words.
Therefore, he gave a brief explanation …
Luo Zheng nodded slightly, but before he could speak, Ning Yudie frowned slightly and said indifferently, "I have never been to the Blue Cloud Sect before, so I thought that there wouldn't be such boring matters in a second-grade sect. I wonder how Shi Jingtian manages the sect. If I see him, I will punish him."
Deacons Cao's face revealed a strange expression when he heard Ning Yudie call out the Sect Leader's name. She wants to punish the Sect Leader? Who is this woman?
Deacons Cao didn't dare to ask recklessly, but he was guessing in his heart.
Looking at Deacons Cao's expression, Luo Zheng smiled and said, "Alright, since the main character has spoken, there shouldn't be any problems."
"Main character …" Since Luo Zheng had spoken, Deacons Cao dared to ask, "This fairy-like lady is …"
Luo Zheng shrugged and said, "She is the Hall Master of your Cloud Hall."

Chapter 948
As a second-grade sect, the Blue Cloud Sect was a subordinate sect of the Cloud Hall.
However, to the majority of the disciples and deacons of the Blue Cloud Sect, the Cloud Hall was only a legend.
The number of disciples that the Cloud Hall accepted from the Blue Cloud Sect was simply too few.
Every three years, there would be a Sect Wide Competition. Only the top three would have the qualifications to step onto the Azure Cloud Road. There were hundreds of thousands of disciples in the Blue Cloud Sect. It could be said that only one in a hundred thousand was chosen.
Just like that, the elites of the Blue Cloud Sect still had to compete with the other four second-grade sects on the Blue Cloud Sect.
As for their Blue Cloud Sect's Sect Master, he could only be considered a deacon in the Cloud Hall. He didn't even have the qualifications to be an Elder. From this, one could imagine how high and mighty the Cloud Hall was.
This time, Luo Zheng brought Ning Yudie back. He didn't have any intention of hiding anything, so he directly said it.
However, he didn't consider Deacon Cao's tolerance. His mouth was agape as he looked at Ning Yudie. His face was filled with fear, and he was momentarily speechless.
In the Cloud Hall, there were a few Elders who patrolled the Blue Cloud Sect. However, the Sect Master had never personally visited. Deacon Cao couldn't tell for a moment. However, Deacon Cao's reaction was swift. He bowed toward Ning Yudie and respectfully said, "The Sect Master has personally visited our Blue Cloud Sect. This lowly one will immediately inform the Sect Master!"
Regardless of whether the person in front of him was the Sect Master or not, it was still up to Shi Jingtian to determine. He had to do his job properly.
After saying that, Deacon Cao hurriedly jumped onto the Flying Chariot and sped toward the Blue Cloud Sect.
"Old Cao, why are you in such a hurry?" A patrolling deacon at the side asked.
How could Deacon Cao care about others? Without the slightest hesitation, he directly rushed toward the Azure Cloud Hall.
"You're crazy!" The patrolling deacon scolded when he saw that Deacon Cao was ignoring him. However, the other deacons were also curious as to what had just happened. They turned their heads and saw three people standing at the entrance of the Blue Cloud Sect. They couldn't see through the cultivation levels of these three people, so they were all shocked and nervous. When they thought about how Deacon Cao left in a hurry, their faces immediately turned solemn.
No matter who these three people were, they were not people they could afford to offend.
Shortly after Deacon Cao left, a burly figure rushed over. It was the sect leader of the Blue Cloud Sect, Shi Jingtian.
"Sect Master!"
"Sect Master!"
These deacons were good at reading people's expressions. When they saw Shi Jingtian rushing over, they knew that the three men standing in front of the Sect's entrance must be someone important. However, they couldn't figure out who these three men were.
Shi Jingtian floated over. When he saw Luo Zheng, a pleasantly surprised expression emerged on his face. When he turned to Ning Yudie, his expression became respectful. "Greetings, Sect Master! I didn't know Sect Master was here, so I didn't welcome you properly. Please forgive me!"
Within the Cloud Hall, Ning Yudie was a mysterious figure. Shi Jingtian was just a deacon. He had endured for so many years, but because his cultivation level was stuck at the Divine Core realm, he wasn't qualified to be promoted to a Sect Master.
When the deacons saw the Sect Master greeting Shi Jingtian, their hearts started pounding when they heard the words Sect Master.
There was no Divine Kingdom in the Central Domain, but the Sect Master of the Cloud Hall had the same status as the Divine Emperor of a Divine Kingdom. As for the Eastern Domain and the Blue Cloud Sect, they were just territories under the Cloud Hall!
They never expected that the Sect Master of the Cloud Hall would come to a place like the Eastern Domain for something like this.
However, these deacons were quick to react. They quickly followed behind Shi Jingtian and bowed deeply toward Ning Yudie. "Greetings, Sect Master!" In fact, with their strength, they weren't even qualified to be Ning Yudie's subordinates. But, no matter what level they were in, they all had the desire to work hard. Although the chances were slim, they still had to show off their abilities.
Right at this moment, Deacon Cao had arrived with the Flying Chariot. When he saw this scene, he immediately understood that the goddess-like figure was the Sect Master of the Cloud Hall!
He jumped down from the Flying Chariot and stood with the other deacons. Then, he bowed deeply toward Ning Yudie.
Ning Yudie glanced at Deacon Cao faintly and said, "But I just heard that, that …"
When she said that, Shi Jingtian felt his scalp go numb. How could he not be nervous when the Sect Master questioned him? He suddenly remembered that Deacon Cao's incident was related to Luo Zheng.
At that time, he had indeed severely punished the few Spiritual Masters. However, these messy Spiritual Masters were inextricably linked to the seven great noble families. It was not appropriate for him to suppress all of these Spiritual Masters. Moreover, this Deacon Cao himself did not have any background. It was likely that these Spiritual Masters had taken revenge on him …
However, he was just a Sect Master. How could he care so much? This time, Luo Zheng happened to bump into him. When Ning Yudie asked him about it, he hated those damned Perfected Masters to the core. After this incident, it was time for him to be ruthless!
"This subordinate deserves to die. I didn't manage the Blue Cloud Sect strictly. In the future, I will strictly reorganize the Blue Cloud Sect! As for Deacon Cao, I will rearrange him … "Shi Jingtian lowered his head even more.
The other deacons looked at Deacon Cao and their hearts trembled. The Cloud Hall Sect Master had asked about it and the Sect Master had made a promise. Deacon Cao's fate had been completely rewritten! When Deacon Cao was demoted, the other deacons had bullied him. Now, Deacon Cao's luck had finally turned for the better …
Deacon Cao was also extremely excited. He did not expect that his fate could be reversed with just a few words!
Seeing Shi Jingtian's serious expression, Ning Yudie smiled faintly and said, "Alright, I came to the Eastern Region this time to accompany Luo Zheng. There's nothing else. You don't have to be so nervous."
Her words made Shi Jingtian relax a little. It was the first time in history that the Sect Master had personally appeared in the Blue Cloud Sect. Moreover, the first thing he did was to ask for an explanation. This really scared him.
"Sect Master Shi, you don't have to be so nervous." Luo Zheng smiled faintly.
Shi Jingtian smiled faintly and said, "Luo Zheng, you don't have to call me Sect Master. It's better for us to address each other as equals …"
Cultivators used strength to determine seniority. Even if Luo Zheng was from the Blue Cloud Sect, Luo Zheng's strength had already reached a level where Shi Jingtian could only look up to him. He couldn't accept Luo Zheng calling him Sect Master.
However, Luo Zheng said seriously, "I'm from the Blue Cloud Sect. It's normal for me to address you as Sect Master. There's nothing wrong with it."
Since Luo Zheng had said so, Shi Jingtian couldn't refuse. However, Shi Jingtian sighed. Luo Zheng was a sentimental person. In fact, before Luo Zheng participated in the All-Peak Competition, Shi Jingtian didn't give him any help at all. Everything depended on Luo Zheng. Who would have thought that in just a few years, he would become the strongest person in the Central Domain?
Previously, Shi Jingtian also knew about the Dual Cultivation Ceremony between Ning Yudie and Luo Zheng. However, the Blue Cloud Sect only prepared a generous gift for them. That day, they invited the leaders of the various third-grade sects. Although the Blue Cloud Sect belonged to the Cloud Hall, as a second-grade sect, they weren't qualified to attend.
This time, Luo Zheng suddenly returned to the Eastern Domain … Although Luo Zheng's family was in the Eastern Domain, the biggest burden for Luo Zheng was the Princess of the Vast Sky, Su Lingyun.
Under Shi Jingtian's guidance, Ning Yudie and Xi Youqin followed behind and toured the entire Blue Cloud Sect.
At this time, Luo Zheng transmitted his voice to Shi Jingtian, "Sect Master, where is Instructor Su?"
Shi Jingtian had already expected Luo Zheng to ask this question. He answered truthfully, "After you left the Central Domain, Su Lingyun was still under house arrest in the Imperial Palace. However, half a year later, I brought her back to the Blue Cloud Sect. She returned to Xiao Yufeng as an instructor."
Shi Jingtian had once promised Luo Zheng that as long as he was alive, Su Lingyun wouldn't be harmed by anyone. Although he couldn't help Su Lingyun regain the throne, he could ensure her safety.
A year later, the news of Luo Zheng's rise in fame during the Martial Arts Conference reached Shi Jingtian's ears. Naturally, this promise was changed.
Shi Jingtian knew about the relationship between Su Lingyun and Luo Zheng. In the future, Luo Zheng would definitely become the core figure of the Cloud Hall!
On the second day after receiving this news, Shi Jingtian personally went to the Burning Sky Palace and kicked the Crown Prince, Su Rui, off the throne in front of the civil and military officials. Then, he released Su Lingyun from house arrest.
＝＝＝＝＝

Chapter 949
After Su Qian went missing, Shi Jingtian became the only representative of the Cloud Hall in the Eastern Region. Who in the entire Burning Sky Palace could be his enemy?
The entire Burning Sky Dynasty was just a dynasty in a mortal kingdom, and it was as weak as a baby in front of a warrior. It only took a few words from a mighty warrior to eliminate someone and replace someone else!
All the officials in the Burning Sky Palace were dumbfounded, but none of them dared to say anything. As for the few Divine Core warriors who lived in seclusion in the Burning Sky Palace, none of them wanted to interfere …
He wanted Su Lingyun to make her own choice. Would she eliminate Su Rui and become the Empress herself, or would she go to the Central Domain and seek refuge from Luo Zheng?
However, Su Lingyun's choice surprised Shi Jingtian. She didn't choose to kill Su Rui, she didn't become the first Empress of the Burning Sky Dynasty, and she didn't leave the Eastern Region either. Instead, she returned to the Blue Cloud Sect, and returned to the Xiao Yufeng to continue her career as a teacher.
Shi Jingtian told Luo Zheng about Su Lingyun's situation after Luo Zheng left.
Luo Zheng lightly nodded his head, and a smile emerged on his face. He had to admit that Shi Jingtian had done a good job. However, the fact that Su Lingyun was willing to stay on the Xiao Yufeng surprised Luo Zheng.
Both men were communicating with each other using their True Energies. Ning Yudie asked curiously, "What are you talking about?"
"This …" An awkward expression emerged on Shi Jingtian's face. Since Luo Zheng was communicating with his True Energies, he obviously didn't want these two girls to hear their conversation. So, how could he tell them the truth? But, since the Palace Master asked, he didn't know how to answer.
Luo Zheng smiled and said, "Nothing much, we're just talking about something that happened in the Blue Cloud Sect. Xiao Die, Youqin, since you're here, you can ask Sect Master Shi to show you around. I have something I need to deal with."
Xi Youqin didn't say anything, but she was staring at Luo Zheng. When she saw the flickering look in his eyes, she immediately understood what was going on.
On the other hand, Ning Yudie was still confused and asked curiously, "What is it?"
Shi Jingtian, who was at the front, quickly said, "Hall Master, please take a seat in the Azure Cloud Hall. I will bring you around the various peaks of the Blue Cloud Sect …"
Luo Zheng found an excuse and left. Xi Youqin and Ning Yudie followed behind Shi Jingtian and went straight to the Azure Cloud Hall.
When Shi Jingtian entered the Azure Cloud Cloud Hall, a maid was arranged to welcome him. However, before he entered the hall, Xi Youqin stood at the entrance of the main hall.
Ning Yudie glanced at Xi Youqin and asked, "What are you doing?"
Xi Youqin smiled. "It's nothing. I just feel that something is wrong."
"What's wrong this time?" Ning Yudie asked again.
Xi Youqin didn't say anything. She raised her head and entered the Azure Cloud Hall.
Ning Yudie frowned. She didn't know what this girl was thinking. She moved her body and blocked Xi Youqin's path. She faced Xi Youqin and asked, "What's the matter? Is it about Luo Zheng? "
Xi Youqin knew Ning Yudie's character very well. She could see things that Ning Yudie couldn't. However, Xi Youqin didn't want to interfere with Luo Zheng's matters. She didn't dare to interfere, but Ning Yudie dared to. She kept Ning Yudie in suspense so that Ning Yudie would ask more questions.
As expected, Ning Yudie wouldn't let go of her small action.
Xi Youqin smiled. "You can say that. However, I think we should forget about it."
"What's the matter?" Ning Yudie's voice deepened.
In the hall, Shi Jingtian had asked the maids to prepare exquisite tea and pastries. He even changed the set of tables and chairs as he waited for Ning Yudie to enter the hall. At this time, Shi Jingtian was still thinking about organizing the elite disciples of the Blue Cloud Sect's 33 peaks to practice for the Hall Master to take a look.
However, the two girls were standing at the entrance of the hall. He didn't know what they were talking about.
Xi Youqin said indifferently, "Luo Zheng was born in the Eastern Region, which means he was born in a second-grade sect. Although he isn't a promiscuous person, I'm afraid there are people who are merciful. I'm wondering who that person is."
Hearing this, Ning Yudie's heart was filled with jealousy. She was different from Xi Youqin. She was a woman with a strong nature. Allowing Xi Youqin to be by Luo Zheng's side had already crossed her bottom line. Now, it seemed like Xi Youqin wasn't the first and probably wouldn't be the last.
Although she tried her best to control her emotions, her expression couldn't help but change.
Seeing Ning Yudie's uncomfortable expression, Xi Youqin smiled and comforted her. "Isn't it normal for a man to have multiple wives? It would be abnormal if he didn't have any. "
"Preposterous!" Ning Yudie rushed into the Azure Cloud Hall angrily. Shi Jingtian was about to welcome Ning Yudie to her seat when Ning Yudie angrily leaned against the huge dragon throne in the middle of the hall.
Seeing the Hall Master's angry expression, Shi Jingtian became nervous and didn't dare to speak.
As for Xi Youqin, she walked towards Ning Yudie with a relaxed expression. She sat beside Ning Yudie and suddenly said seriously, "No matter what, this is Luo Zheng's choice. He is already your husband. You can't be so angry at him."
Although Ning Yudie and Xi Youqin didn't get along well, they had been together for a period of time. Although their relationship wasn't as close as sisters, it was very harmonious on the surface. At this moment, Ning Yudie felt like they were in the same boat.
"Don't you want to go and take a look?" Xi Youqin suddenly whispered.
Ning Yudie didn't even think and immediately replied, "No!"
"You really don't want to?" Xi Youqin sat closer and closer to Ning Yudie.
"I don't want to …" Ning Yudie's attitude wasn't as firm as before. When she saw Xi Youqin's mocking expression, she said, "Let's secretly go and take a look …"
Shi Jingtian hesitated for a while. Just as he was about to speak, Ning Yudie said coldly, "Deacon Shi, where did Luo Zheng go?"
This question was difficult to answer. Shi Jingtian's face revealed a difficult expression again.
"Do you want me to go and find him personally?" Ning Yudie stared at Shi Jingtian and said.
"I don't dare. Luo Zheng went to Xiao Yufeng. I will bring you there now," Shi Jingtian quickly said.
After all, Ning Yudie was the master. Shi Jingtian would rather offend Luo Zheng than offend Ning Yudie. Furthermore, Luo Zheng was a man and would definitely be more magnanimous than a woman. Even though the Sect Master was usually swift and decisive, when it came to relationships, Shi Jingtian didn't believe that Ning Yudie would be magnanimous.
Hence, under Shi Jingtian's lead, the two ladies went straight to Xiao Yufeng.
Xiao Yufeng …
A few months ago, in order to fight against the black energy, he destroyed the mountains in the Great Thousand World. However, he managed to preserve the mountains in the Eastern Region.
If he didn't do that, the 33 mountains in the Blue Cloud Sect would have been destroyed.
After staying at the foot of the mountain for a while, he flew up!
The waist of Xiao Yufeng was where the outer disciples were located. Further up was where the mentors were located. When Luo Zheng flew past the waist of the mountain, he saw a large number of warriors gathered there.
"An arena?" Luo Zheng's eyes flashed. He retracted his aura and slowly approached the arena.
On the arena, there were two black-robed disciples fighting.
"Why are the inner disciples fighting here?" Luo Zheng was puzzled. When he focused his gaze, a trace of surprise appeared on his face. "It's actually Mo Can!"
Mo Can was the first friend that Luo Zheng made after entering the Blue Cloud Sect. Compared to when Luo Zheng left, Mo Can's temperament had undergone a great change. Most importantly, he had been promoted to an inner disciple!
Mo Can's talent was average. Even his perseverance was lacking. Most of the time, he had to be encouraged by Luo Zheng along the way. Previously, Luo Zheng even fought with the head of the Mo Family because of Mo Can …
It seemed that after he left, Mo Can had put in a lot of effort. At this moment, in the arena, Mo Can was releasing waves of true energy. However, his opponent's strength wasn't weak. In fact, he was even stronger than Mo Can. However, Mo Can's perseverance was extremely strong. No matter how strong his opponent's counterattack was, he gritted his teeth and refused to take a step back!
Mo Can had indeed changed …
Luo Zheng sighed in his heart. However, after observing for a while, he frowned.

Chapter 950
That inner sect disciple's face was filled with arrogance as his attacks became increasingly fierce.
However, on the surface of Mo Can's body, a trace of green-grey aura appeared. Even if his opponent's attacks fell like raindrops, they were unable to knock him down!
That green-grey aura was extremely unique. It was likely that Mo Can had his own fortuitous encounter.
"Mo Can, do your best!"
"You absolutely cannot lose to this brat from the Lone Sky Peak!"
"Defend the dignity of our number one peak!"
Hearing the crowd's cheers, Luo Zheng faintly smiled. It was still the Lone Sky Peak!
Back then, after Luo Zheng defeated Hua Tianming and Pei Tianyao, Xiao Yufeng was ranked first. As for Hua Tianming, who came from the Lone Sky Peak, he was ranked second. Who would have thought that this situation would remain until now …
"Bang!"
After blocking countless attacks from his opponent, one of the attacks finally hit Mo Can. It directly sent Mo Can flying, rolling to the edge of the stage.
That black-robed disciple sneered as he walked towards Mo Can. However, he raised the weapon in his hand, "Are you going to get off by yourself, or do you want me to cripple you?"
Mo Can clenched his teeth as a stubborn expression surfaced on his face. The true energy within his body began to gather. Even under such circumstances, Mo Can still wanted to counterattack!
"If you don't want to give up, then I'll cripple you!" The black-robed disciple from the Lone Sky Peak sneered as he raised the weapon in his hand and was about to smash it down.
Just at this moment, a voice suddenly sounded in everyone's ears. "Enough."
A lady walked out from the crowd. That lady wore a light yellow vest with a pale yellow dress that outlined her graceful figure. Her appearance was still as beautiful as a fairy's. However, after four years, her face had lost some of its youthfulness and gained some maturity …
"Instructor … Su." Luo Zheng's gaze flickered.
Su Lingyun naturally did not discover Luo Zheng. She walked to the side of the stage and said to Mo Can, "You've already done enough. Admit defeat, Mo Can."
"But instructor Su …" Mo Can's face revealed an unconvinced expression.
Su Lingyun faintly smiled, "Perseverance is not a path to the end. If that's the case, it's not perseverance, but recklessness."
Looking at Mo Can, Su Lingyun's thoughts still drifted. After all, not everyone had the talent like Luo Zheng. perseverance was admittedly an important quality, but only when it was combined with talent could it bring out the greatest effect.
In the end, however, Mo Can gritted his teeth. He got up and charged toward his opponent.
"Luo Zheng. Since you don't admit defeat, I'll cripple you! " The inner court disciple sneered. His speed suddenly increased by several times. With a kick as fast as lightning, he swept Mo Can to the ground. Then, he raised his fist and smashed it toward Mo Can's Dantian.
Su Lingyun frowned. She wanted to stop the inner court disciple, but her speed was still a bit too slow.
At this moment, a figure suddenly flashed down from the sky and stood on the arena. With a gentle push of his hand, he gently pushed the inner court disciple back.
With just a gentle push, the inner court disciple felt an irresistible force. He retreated a dozen steps toward the other side of the stage before stopping. Then, he stared at Luo Zheng with a gloomy gaze.
As for Mo Can, he originally thought that he was going to be miserable. However, a white figure suddenly appeared. He raised his head and looked over. His face suddenly revealed an expression of disbelief.
"Luo … Luo …" For a moment, Mo Can didn't know how to address Luo Zheng.
At this moment, several inner court disciples appeared in the crowd. It was Zhang Wuxian and the others!
They naturally paid close attention to Mo Can's battle. However, they never expected that someone would suddenly appear at this time. Zhang Wuxian and Luo Zheng were naturally more familiar with each other. Even though Luo Zheng's temperament had changed a lot, they could still recognize his overall appearance.
"Luo Zheng!"
"It's really Luo Zheng!"
"Luo Zheng is back!"
At first, many of Xiao Yufeng's disciples didn't recognize Luo Zheng. However, when the first person shouted out his name, the others were immediately awakened. In an instant, the mountainside boiled with excitement!
The name Luo Zheng was the glory of Xiao Yufeng!
Any news regarding Luo Zheng in the Central Domain would be spread to Xiao Yufeng at first notice. Then, it would spread to the entire Blue Cloud Sect and the entire Eastern Domain …
"Luo Zheng!" The inner court disciple from Lone Sky Peak was overwhelmed with shock. The person in front of him was the strongest person in the Central Domain … Was he the disciple who walked out of Xiao Yufeng?
When Su Lingyun saw Luo Zheng, her body suddenly trembled. She stared at him for a moment before resolutely turning her head and walking away. She hid in the crowd.
When Luo Zheng felt Su Lingyun's movement, he pulled Mo Can up from the ground. His figure flashed and disappeared in front of everyone. He chased after Su Lingyun.
Su Lingyun wore embroidered shoes with silk flowers and quickly walked forward. As for where was in front of her, she didn't know.
"Instructor Su!" Luo Zheng caught up to Su Lingyun and shouted from behind.
Su Lingyun looked forward. Her eyes were a little hazy. She pulled her hair behind her ear and shook her head. "I'm no longer your instructor."
She had already been promoted to the Cloud Hall. Naturally, she couldn't be considered Luo Zheng's instructor.
Luo Zheng smiled. "Alright, then I'll call you Ling Yun."
"I used to be your instructor. I'm also older than you. How can you call me by my name?" Su Lingyun, who had her back facing Luo Zheng, said indifferently.
"Then … Sister Ling Yun?" Luo Zheng's face was suffused with a smile. His expression also relaxed.
Su Lingyun didn't reply.
When Shi Jingtian entered the palace and kicked Su Rui off the throne, Su Lingyun had two guesses in her heart.
It was either Luo Zheng or her father, Su Qian, had returned.
Very quickly, Su Lingyun got her answer. She had heard of Luo Zheng's deeds in the Central Domain. That brat wasn't inferior to the geniuses of the fourth and fifth grade sects. With his Divine Reflection Realm strength, he suppressed all the geniuses in the Central Domain.
At that time, Su Lingyun had many choices in front of her. Shi Jingtian's attitude was very positive. No matter what she wanted, Shi Jingtian would do his best to cooperate. He was even willing to help her ascend the throne and rule the world.
However, she gave up.
Su Lingyun returned to Xiao Yufeng and silently took up the role of a mentor.
In fact, Su Lingyun knew deep in her heart that she was waiting. As for what she was waiting for, she didn't know. Or rather, she didn't dare to think about it.
The martial path was long. At this time, Luo Zheng had stepped onto a brand new level. A level that she couldn't reach or even hope to reach.
However, she was still waiting. She placed all her energy on Little Rain Peak to find even more talented disciples and give them the greatest help. She wanted to strive for a better result. Only in this way would she have more patience.
Four years wasn't a long time. She didn't expect Luo Zheng to return. In these four years, she heard that Luo Zheng had offended the experts of the Central Domain. She also heard that Luo Zheng had gone missing. She also heard that Luo Zheng had returned. She also heard that Luo Zheng was looking for a famous doctor. She also heard that Luo Zheng had left the Central Domain for a place that was far beyond her imagination to become the Hall Master of the Cloud Hall …
Excitement, worry, hope, relief, and relief. The Eastern Domain and the Central Domain were too far apart. These news couldn't be transmitted smoothly. Therefore, each emotion would accompany Su Lingyun for a long time until the next news came. Then, it would be replaced by another emotion.
Today, Luo Zheng had returned. Was she waiting for him? Su Lingyun's heart was in a mess. She couldn't think and didn't know the answer.
At this time, Su Lingyun's body suddenly trembled.
A pair of hands wrapped around her from behind. Luo Zheng walked up and hugged her.
"Let, let go of me …" Su Lingyun looked nervous.
She was a teacher after all. Even though she wasn't much older than Xiao Yufeng's disciples, many of the disciples on the mountainside were looking in their direction. As a teacher, how could she be seen by Xiao Yufeng's disciples?
When Luo Zheng heard Su Lingyun's words, he hugged her from behind. After a long time, he said in a relaxed manner, "Sorry, I came back late …"
He promised to come back. He would definitely come back.

Chapter 951
Ning Yudie pouted and revealed an unconvinced expression. "He's fickle in love. He's not a good person!"
Seeing Ning Yudie's expression, Xi Youqin smiled. Seeing a certain someone's jealousy was a happy thing. It even offset the bitterness in Xi Youqin's heart. She continued to tease, "In the end, Luo Zheng knew this girl first!"
"Yes, he's fickle in love. He's not a good person." Ning Yudie became more and more aggrieved.
Seeing her like this, Xi Youqin continued, "If Luo Zheng wasn't a good person, he could've just left and didn't have to come back. It's because he's loyal and righteous that he kept his promise …"
"He's not a good person. He's not a good person!" Ning Yudie became anxious and tears welled up in her eyes.
Seeing Ning Yudie's expression, Xi Youqin quietly reached out her hand towards Ning Yudie.
"What are you doing?!" Ning Yudie took a step back and avoided Xi Youqin's hand.
However, Xi Youqin still took a step forward. She grabbed her sleeve and wiped away the tears on Ning Yudie's face. While wiping, she said, "He's not a good person. He's still our husband."
Ning Yudie was stunned. In the end, she could only sigh. She looked at Luo Zheng with reddened eyes. As the saying goes, husbands are enemies. Luo Zheng would probably be her enemy for life.
As for Shi Jingtian, he was floating in the distance. He looked at the Temple Master, then looked at Luo Zheng and Su Lingyun. He sighed in his heart. This Luo Zheng was too f * cking powerful. No wonder he was from the Blue Cloud Sect!
Although it was normal for cultivators to have three wives and four concubines, Shi Jingtian had dozens of concubines. Luo Zheng paled in comparison to him.
But that also depended on who he married!
Shi Jingtian wasn't sure of the identity of the elegant girl beside the Palace Master. However, he knew that her background wasn't low. She was most likely from a prestigious family. Furthermore, Ning Yudie was the leader of the largest sect in the Central Domain! What kind of status does she have? How could she be compared to an ordinary woman?
However, it was Luo Zheng after all. He had just gotten married and he had returned to find Su Lingyun. Shi Jingtian could only admire the Palace Master from the bottom of his heart when he saw how angry the Palace Master was. He couldn't do anything to Luo Zheng.
Luo Zheng comforted Su Lingyun for a long time. After the two of them talked, Su Lingyun finally shifted the topic to her Imperial Father.
As the Deacon of the Cloud Hall, Su Qian had disappeared while carrying out his mission. Until now, there had been no news about him. The Cloud Hall didn't seem to have any news about him either.
At this time, Luo Zheng's mind moved. He could search for Su Qian's orientation in the memories of the World Will. The memories included all the information about the Great Thousand World. As long as it was a creature from the Great Thousand World, there wasn't anything left out!
With this thought, Luo Zheng instantly obtained what he wanted. His face revealed a trace of silence. Then, he said to Su Lingyun, "Your father … should have passed away in a relic in the Central Domain."
"Is that so?" Su Lingyun's eyes flickered. In fact, after disappearing for so long, she already had this premonition. However, because there had been no news about him, she only had a trace of hope in her heart. Although she didn't know how Luo Zheng knew about it, she believed in Luo Zheng's words.
"I will ask the Cloud Hall to send someone to bring your father's bones back," Luo Zheng continued.
Su Lingyun nodded. Compared to Ning Yudie, she was more reserved. This time, Luo Zheng let go of her hand. She deliberately distanced herself from Luo Zheng.
On the other side, Xi Youqin saw that Ning Yudie's emotions had stabilized. She took her hand, but Ning Yudie's hand suddenly shrank back. "What are you doing!"
"Let's go over and say hello," Xi Youqin said with a smile.
"No!" Ning Yudie said stubbornly.
"In the end, you will have to get to know him. How can you avoid it?" Xi Youqin replied.
"…"
After thinking about it, Ning Yudie could only helplessly follow behind Xi Youqin and fly to the mountainside.
Xi Youqin's psychological burden was indeed much lighter than Ning Yudie's. She had a belief in her heart that no matter how many women Luo Zheng had, the one who would accompany Luo Zheng in the end would be her. Therefore, she was much more relaxed now. "John Doe" said it well. Let's see who will have the last laugh!
Xi Youqin and Ning Yudie slowly flew over. Luo Zheng's face revealed a somewhat unnatural expression. Luo Zheng had no idea how to deal with the relationship between the three women. He could only brace himself and introduce them to each other.
Fortunately, Xi Youqin gracefully greeted Su Lingyun, while Ning Yudie stood at the side. The three women sized each other up, and their eyes revealed an indescribable feeling …
As for these feelings, of course, they were all different. However, this scene could be considered harmonious, and it made Luo Zheng feel that he had passed by luck.
Luo Zheng stayed in the Blue Cloud Sect for two days. It was said that Mo Can had used his own strength to regain his position in the Mo Clan, and Zhang Wuxian had now officially taken over the Zhang Clan's business. As such, everyone's situation was different, but overall, it was smooth sailing.
After that, Luo Zheng took the road to the south and returned to the Luo Clan in Chongyang County.
The current Luo Clan was already a force that could not be ignored. Although it was not located in the Burning Sky Imperial City, its current growth was faintly showing signs of surpassing the seven major clans. There was only one reason for this, and that was Luo Zheng.
Luo Zheng rose and fell in the Central Domain, and even disappeared for two years. However, no one could guarantee that he would not return. If someone really provoked the Luo Clan, there was no guarantee that Luo Zheng would suddenly return one day. That would be a disaster that would wipe out the entire clan!
Without other clans holding them back, the Luo Clan's power rapidly expanded. In Chongyang County, there was no other clan that could match up to them.
Luo Zheng's return was naturally a joyous occasion for the Luo Clan. With this return, Luo Zheng also left behind some treasures and cultivation techniques.
Of course, Luo Zheng did not dare to keep anything that was too valuable. An ordinary man's wealth was his own ruin. The Luo Clan could not keep anything that was too valuable. Instead, it would lead to a disaster. However, the weapons and cultivation techniques that were very common to Luo Zheng were extremely precious to the Luo Clan …
Luo Zheng also knew that on the path of martial arts, the further one walked, the higher one climbed. Although family ties were important, in a long life, the inheritance would gradually be diluted by time. Next, he needed to concentrate on his cultivation and prepare for his ascension. He did not know how many years it would be before he returned to the Eastern Domain again. He needed to do his best to arrange some things properly.
However, the Eastern Domain was originally the world of the Blue Cloud Sect, and the Blue Cloud Sect was controlled by the Cloud Hall. Even if Luo Zheng did not say a word, the Blue Cloud Sect would do their best to take care of the Luo Clan so that the Luo Clan would not suffer losses. However, if the Luo Clan wanted to give birth to a character, it would still depend on the efforts of the younger generation in the clan.
Several days later, Luo Zheng left the Luo Clan. However, he took a path to the west …
The three women were curious. This time, after returning to his hometown, Luo Zheng should be rushing back to the Central Domain. Why did he take a path to the west?
Luo Zheng kept them in suspense and pretended to be mysterious. He told them that he would take them to a secluded place …
In the end, they arrived at the Nine Yin Mountain, Jade Dragon Valley. That was the Immortal Mansion that Luo Zheng had entered before.
The origin of this Immortal Mansion was very mysterious. Even now, Luo Zheng found it hard to guess. Daoist Tian Miao had also entered the Immortal Mansion with Luo Zheng.
Even though Daoist Tian Miao's strength was at the Extreme Divine Realm, he still couldn't control the Immortal Mansion. He only had one more token than Luo Zheng. That was the "Zhen" token he gave Luo Zheng. Together with the "Xun" token in Luo Zheng's hand, he had two Immortal Mansion tokens.
This Immortal Mansion was no small matter. According to Daoist Tian Miao, this Immortal Mansion didn't have a name. Moreover, in the entire universe of one hundred thousand Upper Realms, no one was qualified to give this Immortal Mansion a name!
Perhaps Daoist Tian Miao's words were very exaggerated, but Luo Zheng understood that regardless of whether it was exaggerated or not, the secret of this Immortal Mansion must be explored before he ascended. Now that Luo Zheng had broken through the Life and Death Realm, he didn't know whether he could obtain more secrets or even control this Immortal Mansion.
"Is this the place?" Ning Yudie looked at the empty valley and asked curiously. She really couldn't think of anything in the Eastern Domain that was worth Luo Zheng's attention.
"Follow me!" Luo Zheng walked towards a corner of the valley. Then, with a flash of green light, Luo Zheng disappeared between two bamboos.
(Filling holes is a bit difficult, but some holes have to be filled. I can only try my best to dig and bury them! ^ _ ^, thank you Ning Yueyun for the 3K coins, thank you Xiao Feng for the tip, thank you Forget Everything for the tip!)
＝＝＝＝＝

Chapter 952
Seeing Luo Zheng's figure suddenly disappear, a curious look flashed across Su Lingyun's face. "Is this … a teleportation array?"
There weren't many teleportation channels built in the Eastern Region. The only one was built in the Blue Cloud Sect. It was the teleportation array that led to the Blue Cloud Road. Moreover, it had been in disrepair for a long time.
To teleport a person, it would consume a top-grade True Origin Stone. Even Shi Jingtian was reluctant to use it.
Therefore, Su Lingyun was a little surprised.
As for Ning Yudie and Xi Youqin, their expressions were indifferent. In the Central Domain, teleportation arrays were common. Even some rich mortal merchants would sometimes choose to use teleportation arrays to transport goods. Although the cost was high, it was safe and convenient.
Luo Zheng pretended to be mysterious. However, in Ning Yudie's eyes, even if there were any secrets in this small Eastern Region, they were not worth mentioning.
However, since her husband was leading the way, she was willing to accompany him wherever he went.
However, as soon as Ning Yudie stepped into the two bamboos, a white light flashed and she suddenly found herself in an unfamiliar place, causing a strange look to appear on her face.
"This teleportation array doesn't seem to have a spatial channel, and I don't feel the power of the Space Law. This is a little strange," Ning Yudie muttered.
Then, Xi Youqin and Su Lingyun also passed through the two bamboos and entered this world.
Looking over, the three women were stunned by the scenery ….
"These trees are so huge. Is this the world of giants?" Su Lingyun looked at the trees that were as tall as mountains. Her face was filled with shock.
At first glance, the surrounding scenery looked very normal, but upon closer inspection, everything around seemed to have been magnified countless times. Not to mention the huge trees, even the weeds under the trees were comparable to the size of a house. It was as if this place was a huge transformed world.
Seeing the shocked expressions of Ning Yudie and the other two girls, a faint smile appeared on Luo Zheng's face. When he first entered this place, his strength was only at the Xiantian realm. At that time, he was scared out of his wits. Moreover, at that time, there was an unbelievably huge White Tiger on the other side. Fortunately, there was a barrier blocking it, allowing Luo Zheng to escape.
"Where is this place?" Xi Youqin also asked curiously. In fact, from the bottom of her heart, it didn't matter where this place was. However, seeing that Luo Zheng seemed to want to give them a surprise, Xi Youqin of course had to 'suit' the occasion and ask.
As for Ning Yudie and Su Lingyun, they were really curious. They looked at Luo Zheng.
Luo Zheng smiled faintly and said, "Follow me!" After saying that, he was about to lead the way.
Just as he took two steps, he suddenly heard Xi Youqin and Su Lingyun scream. Ning Yudie's body erupted with true energy. She looked behind her with extreme vigilance. Behind the barrier, dozens of majestic leopards appeared!
Like the white tiger that Luo Zheng encountered, these leopards were extremely huge. Just the fangs they revealed when they opened their mouths were already as tall as a person!
"Are there wild beasts again?" Luo Zheng's eyes flashed. He said, "Don't worry, these wild beasts can't come in. Once they touch the barrier, they will die!"
As he spoke, he sized up these leopards. At that time, Luo Zheng was only a Xiantian warrior. Naturally, he couldn't distinguish the white tiger's cultivation level. However, now that Luo Zheng had broken through the Life and Death Realm, they couldn't be mentioned in the same breath.
However, after sizing up these leopards, he was shocked. He still couldn't detect the cultivation level of these leopards!
According to the division of cultivation level, a tenth level vicious beast was equivalent to the Life and Death Realm, an eleventh level vicious beast was equivalent to the Spirit Sea Realm, and a twelfth level vicious beast was equivalent to the Extreme Divine Realm experts …
With Luo Zheng's current eyesight, he could distinguish the cultivation level of a Spirit Sea Realm expert, or even the Extreme Divine Realm expert. However, Luo Zheng still couldn't see the cultivation level of these leopards. This could only mean one thing. The cultivation level of these leopards was still beyond Luo Zheng's imagination.
It seemed that the location of this immortal mansion, as well as this world, was still at a level that Luo Zheng couldn't fathom.
No wonder even with Daoist Tian Miao's strength, he couldn't truly control this immortal mansion. He only had an extra token with the word "Zhen" on it.
"Roar … Roar …"
Those leopards let out deep roars and slowly approached the barrier.
When Su Lingyun and Xi Youqin heard Luo Zheng's words, they didn't look so nervous. The two girls firmly believed Luo Zheng's words. If he said it was safe behind the barrier, then it must be safe.
As for Ning Yudie, her face was still a bit pale. Of course, she also believed Luo Zheng's words. However, the higher her cultivation level, the more she could sense the strength of these vicious beasts. These huge leopards actually had cultivation levels that she couldn't see through. How could Ning Yudie not be surprised?
On the other hand, Luo Zheng's expression was indifferent. If these leopards dared to pounce, their final fate would be the same as the white tiger three years ago. They would become nothing more than a corpse.
However, these leopards circled back and forth outside the barrier. They seemed to be very afraid of this barrier. In the end, they stayed outside the barrier and roared helplessly. They didn't choose to throw away their lives.
The spiritual intelligence of vicious beasts and their strength didn't have a linear relationship. Some vicious beasts had very low cultivation levels, but their spiritual intelligence was abnormally high. They were even more intelligent than humans. There were also some vicious beasts that were incomparably strong, but their spiritual intelligence was still in an undeveloped stage.
These leopards were a bit smarter than the white tiger that threw away its life. However, it seemed that they weren't that smart. Otherwise, they wouldn't have stayed in front of the barrier and wasted time.
"Let's go!" Luo Zheng went up and grabbed Ning Yudie's hand.
Seeing this scene, Xi Youqin ran over with a smile. "I want it too!" She took the initiative to grab Luo Zheng's hand.
As for Su Lingyun, she just smiled faintly and silently followed behind.
As they walked forward, an immortal mansion appeared in front of them. The gate of the immortal mansion was thousands of feet high. Even a giant as big as a mountain could pass through it without a hitch.
"What a huge immortal mansion!" Ning Yudie said in amazement.
"The person who lives in this immortal mansion must be really tall …" Xi Youqin sighed.
Luo Zheng smiled faintly and took the lead to step through the gate. Not long after they walked along the spacious square, the ground suddenly began to tremble.
"Dong dong dong dong …"
Following this, two enormous puppets dashed out from the inner courtyard!
Seeing such huge puppets, the three women gasped softly.
"Husband …"
"Luo Zheng …"
However, Luo Zheng instantly took out a token from his pocket. It was the "Xun" token he received from Afo when he left the immortal mansion. Afo said that this "Xun" token would allow him to control the outer court and let him enter without a hitch.
It was just a simple token. Nominally, he was the owner of this immortal mansion, but Luo Zheng didn't have any authority …
The moment Luo Zheng took out the token, the two huge puppets suddenly slowed down. Although they were still walking, it was obvious that they had no intention of attacking.
"Dong dong dong …"
The two huge puppets actually walked up to Luo Zheng and knelt down on one knee.
Luo Zheng nodded slightly, then called out to Ning Yudie and the others and continued to walk into the inner court.
In fact, with Luo Zheng's current strength, these puppets couldn't hurt Luo Zheng at all. It was just that he had the immortal mansion's token, so he naturally wouldn't waste any effort in front of these puppets.
After entering the inner court, they saw a huge pond in front of them. Countless koi fish were swimming in the pond.
With the token in hand, Luo Zheng led the three women straight in. They walked directly into the huge pavilion, then moved the statues in the pavilion at will and arranged them according to a certain pattern. It was easy to pass through the pavilion.
Then, Luo Zheng's voice sounded. "Luo Zheng, long time no see. I've been waiting for you for four years."
Not far away stood a middle-aged man in a brocade robe. It was Afo, whom he hadn't seen for several years.
This Afo was a puppet, but hidden in the puppet was a genuine soul!
Luo Zheng smiled and nodded to Afo. "Long time no see."

Chapter 953
As soon as Afo said this, Ning Yudie's eyes widened in shock.
In four years, he reached the Life and Death Realm from the Innate Mystic Realm, and he only said "not bad"?
This kind of speed could be said to be rare in the world, alright?
At least as far as Ning Yudie knew, no genius in the Central Domain had ever achieved this kind of speed!
How high was this Afo's standards?
However, what he said next surprised Ning Yudie even more. Afo sighed and said, "I can see that although you've only reached the Life and Death Realm, your foundation is far more stable than ordinary warriors. Your strength is comparable to the Divine Sea Realm. But it's still not enough. You can't break the barrier of True Extinction, and you can't walk the Path of True Extinction. Although I'm a little disappointed, you should cultivate for a few more years before coming back!"
"Not enough …" Ning Yudie was speechless. Was this still the Eastern Domain? Even Life and Death Realm cultivators weren't qualified. What kind of inheritance was this?
Hearing Afo's words, Luo Zheng wasn't upset at all. He smiled and said, "What if I had this token?"
Then, Luo Zheng took out another token from his Sumeru Ring. The word "Zhen" was engraved on the token in Luo Zheng's hand.
Luo Zheng got this token from Daoist Tian Miao. Daoist Tian Miao had already passed the Five Decay of Heaven and Man, and only left a wisp of his soul. It was useless for him to have this token, so he gave it to Luo Zheng. He told Luo Zheng that with this token, he could open the Path of True Extinction.
This Immortal's Mansion was of great importance. Before going to the Upper World, Luo Zheng had tried his best to control this Immortal's Mansion. Luo Zheng had no choice but to take a trip to the Real Impasse.
Afo glanced at the token in Luo Zheng's hand and said with a wooden expression, "That's Tian Miao's token. He … should have already died. I didn't expect him to give you the 'Zhen' token. With the 'Zhen' token, you don't need to open the True Extinction Barrier and can directly enter the True Extinction Path. But with your strength, even if you enter the True Extinction Path, I'm afraid you won't be able to pass the first stage."
"What are the benefits of passing the first stage?" Luo Zheng's eyes flashed as he asked.
Afo answered, "There are eight tokens in total: Qian, Kun, Kan, Li, Zhen, Xun, Gen, and Dui. Apart from the Qian and Kun tokens, the other six tokens can all be obtained."
"Six tokens? But I already have the 'Zhen' and 'Xun' tokens. What if they're the same … "Luo Zheng asked curiously.
Afo smiled faintly, "That depends on your luck. If they're the same, then they're the same."
Luo Zheng's face showed a trace of helplessness, and then he asked, "But what's the use of the other tokens?"
Afo waved his hand, "The 'Xun' character goes to the front courtyard, allowing you to enter the Immortal's Mansion at will. The 'Zhen' character opens the True Extinction Path, allowing you to enter the True Extinction Path. The 'Dui' character smells the medicine chest, allowing you to open the alchemy room. The 'Li' character cleaves the weapon, allowing you to control the weapon-refining workshop. The 'Kan' character is all-knowing, allowing you to enter the library. The 'Gen' character …"
With this answer, Luo Zheng suddenly understood. These six characters could gradually control everything in the Immortal's Mansion, but each character could only correspond to one thing.
He didn't know why the first owner of the Immortal's Mansion set it up like this. It was really a bit difficult!
Thinking of this, Luo Zheng opened his mouth again, "Then what's the use of the two characters' Qiankun '?"
Afo continued to smile faintly, "Ask me again when you gather the first six characters. I won't tell you now."
Luo Zheng shrugged. He also knew Afo's duty. If he didn't want to answer, he wouldn't answer no matter how many questions he asked. No matter what, he had to take the True Extinction Path. When he discovered the Immortal's Mansion, he didn't get anything except the Sun, Moon, and Stars Map.
As for the weapon-refining workshop, alchemy room, library … Don't even think about it. Even the current Luo Zheng couldn't force his way in.
Now that Luo Zheng had to prepare for ascension, he certainly couldn't back down.
"Is the True Extinction Path dangerous?" Xi Youqin asked worriedly. Although she knew that even if there was danger, Luo Zheng wouldn't back down at all, she still asked.
Afo replied, "Whether the True Extinction Path is dangerous or not depends on Luo Zheng himself …"
After all, the greater the reward, the greater the risk. This was the case every time Luo Zheng went on an adventure. If there were no risks, wouldn't everyone be able to get it? If everyone could get it, how good would it be?
Luo Zheng was about to let Afo guide him into the True Extinction Path, but at this time, an idea flashed in his mind. He said, "Last time I passed the trial, can others also choose to take the trial?"
Ning Yudie had her own cultivation method. She visualized an ice phoenix, but this didn't mean that the visualization diagrams in the Immortal Mansion were useless to Ning Yudie and Xi Youqin. If the three women could also enter the trial and get their own visualization diagrams, that would be great.
Afo nodded and said, "Yes, but they won't be able to get the token."
Luo Zheng was now the nominal owner of this Immortal Mansion. Only he was qualified to get the token. The previous owner of this Immortal Mansion was Taoist Priest Tian Mo. When Luo Zheng entered the mansion, Taoist Priest Tian Mo had already passed the Five Decay of Heaven. In fact, he was already dead. Only a wisp of his soul remained. Therefore, Luo Zheng was qualified to get the token. Now, unless Luo Zheng died, no one else was qualified to be recognized by Immortal Mansion again.
"Okay, I understand." Luo Zheng nodded seriously. He looked back at the three women. He asked Afo for an answer, but he didn't know if the three women would agree.
Sure enough, the three women had different reactions.
After Ning Yudie learned about the opportunity in the trial, she was very enthusiastic. As the beloved daughter of the Cloud Hall, someone as outstanding as her wasn't afraid of any trial or challenge!
As for Su Lingyun, a hesitant expression emerged on her face. Among the three women, she had the lowest cultivation base, and was only at the fourth level of the Divine Reflection realm. Although she was willing to participate in the trial, she didn't have the confidence to pass. Afo told Su Lingyun that the difficulty of the trial would be adjusted according to one's cultivation base, so she didn't need to worry too much.
The last one was Xi Youqin. Right now, Xi Youqin was as strong as two people. Although she was indeed a Divine Core warrior, if she didn't use the abilities of the Extreme Purple Realm, perhaps even Su Lingyun would be no match for her … Her cultivation base was all accumulated with resources, and her foundation wasn't stable at all!
"Can I use external forces?" Xi Youqin asked.
Afo threw a glance at Xi Youqin. "You seem to have the Heavenly Purple Body, and there are nodes hidden in your body that allow you to connect to the outside world …" After saying that, Afo shook his head. "You can't use external forces."
When Afo mentioned the Extreme Purple Yin Body, it seemed like he had changed the way he described it. Xi Youqin didn't care about the Heavenly Purple Body. Since she couldn't use external forces, she might as well give up on it. With her current strength, she wouldn't be able to pass the trial.
Xi Youqin had chosen to give up on the trial, and Luo Zheng couldn't persuade her either. Under Afo's lead, Ning Yudie and Su Lingyun were the first to go through the trial.
The trial didn't last long. After half an hour, the two girls actually passed!
However, Ning Yudie's expression was calm, and she looked very relaxed. Su Lingyun, on the other hand, was very reluctant. Even after leaving the illusion used for the trial, her face was still pale. It was only after Luo Zheng gave her a calming pill that she calmed down.
Ning Yudie obtained the Flying Birds in Clouds Diagram, which was second only to the Sun, Moon, and Stars Diagram.
However, her talent and strength were already very strong, so it wasn't surprising that she obtained this result. As for Su Lingyun, it was surprising that she obtained the third ranked Nine Heavens Reincarnation Diagram!
Seeing that Ning Yudie and Su Lingyun both obtained their own visualization diagrams, Xi Youqin felt a little unbalanced. However, she knew that if it wasn't for the Extreme Purple Yin Body, her strength wouldn't be enough. When she entered the Indefinite Tower in the future, she would cultivate well with Indefinite Old Man. She didn't want Ning Yudie and Su Lingyun to look down on her.

Chapter 954
"This wall is the True Precipice Barrier," Afo said while looking at the pale yellow wall.
Luo Zheng stepped forward and touched the wall. The path ahead was blocked by this barrier. According to Afo, if they wanted to go to the True Precipice Barrier, they had to open it.
However, Luo Zheng had the "Tremor" token, so he was qualified to pass through the True Precipice Barrier.
Looking at the pale yellow wall, Luo Zheng's eyes flashed, "Can I really not break through this barrier?"
"You can try," Afo smiled.
However, Ning Yudie, who was at the back, suddenly said, "Can I try?"
"No problem," Afo said.
Seeing Ning Yudie's interest, Luo Zheng smiled and stepped aside.
Ning Yudie was also competitive. She and Luo Zheng were both 1st layer Life and Death realm. In Ning Yudie's eyes, there might be a gap between her and Luo Zheng, but the gap shouldn't be too big. She wanted to test it out.
After everyone stepped aside, Ning Yudie lightly stepped forward and stood in front of the True Precipice Barrier. She gazed forward, and the Zhen Yuan in her body began to surge.
"Yo!"
Ice crystals began to condense, and an ice phoenix appeared beside Ning Yudie.
Fu said indifferently, "The Nine Heavens Fairy Heart Sutra is not a bad technique. However, this technique cannot be fully mastered. It can be considered incomplete."
Hearing Afo's words, Luo Zheng's eyes flashed, and Ning Yudie's heart also jumped.
In the Central Domain, Ning Yudie's cultivation method was definitely top tier. However, Afo's standards were unimaginably high. To be able to get "not bad" from Afo's mouth, this Nine Heavens Fairy Heart Sutra was probably an extremely powerful cultivation method. However, he said that it was incomplete?
This Nine Heavens Fairy Heart Sutra was a cultivation method that Ning Yudie's master, Granny Yu, passed on to her. As for the origin of this cultivation method, even Granny Yu didn't know, let alone Ning Yudie.
"Incomplete?" Ning Yudie asked curiously.
Afo nodded again, "Yes, this Nine Heavens Fairy Heart Sutra isn't complete. I've read thousands of cultivation methods in the library, so there's no mistake."
Even if it was incomplete, there was no way. Ning Yudie could only grit her teeth and persevere.
Thinking of this, Ning Yudie's finger lightly twirled, and the ice phoenix coiled around her arm. Then, under her gaze, a cold aura emitted from her body!
"As expected of the Hall Master of the Cloud Hall, such a powerful aura!" Su Lingyun exclaimed. Ning Yudie's strength was indeed much higher than hers. It was a realm that Su Lingyun couldn't even imagine.
As for Xi Youqin, she snorted faintly. She only said in her heart, "What's so great about that? Wait until I enter the Unpredictable Tower, then …"
The ice phoenix in Ning Yudie's hand spiraled faster and faster, and the cold aura it emitted also became more and more piercing. The temperature within several zhang of her also plummeted.
Xi Youqin and Su Lingyun couldn't bear the cold aura emitted, but Luo Zheng casually waved his hand, and a Protective True Yuan spread out, shielding the two behind him.
Then, Ning Yudie's figure suddenly flashed, and the fist in her hand was aimed at the True Precipice Barrier …
"Rumble …"
The fist struck, and a snow-white imprint spread out on the True Precipice Barrier. However, after the imprint appeared, it didn't spread. Instead, it began to condense and shrink, and finally disappeared.
Looking at Ning Yudie's fist, Luo Zheng nodded. Because the fist struck the True Precipice Barrier, it didn't seem to have a strong effect. In fact, the might of Ning Yudie's fist was something that no one in the Central Domain could withstand. Even Granny Yu and a few Life and Death rogue cultivators couldn't deal with it.
She only broke through the Life and Death realm after dispersing her cultivation nine times. This strength was indeed astonishing!
Looking at the result of her attack, Ning Yudie faintly smiled and shook her head. Although she had already expected this result, she didn't think that the True Precipice Barrier wouldn't budge in the slightest. Ning Yudie still felt a little shocked.
Then, Ning Yudie walked to the side. This time, it was Luo Zheng's turn.
He walked forward and touched the True Precipice Barrier. He felt that the barrier contained a trace of mysterious power of law, but it wasn't the Source Law. After thinking for a moment, he asked, "This True Precipice Barrier contains the Law of Karma, right?"
Afo nodded, "This is a Law of Karma barrier that master casually set up. With your current strength, you can't penetrate this Law of Karma. If you don't want to waste time, I think it's better to use the" Zhen "token."
Luo Zheng faintly smiled.
With the "Zhen" token, Luo Zheng could choose to take a shortcut. However, Luo Zheng knew that cultivators who liked to take shortcuts were never qualified cultivators! There were some things that one couldn't help but take shortcuts, but there were some shortcuts that one had to avoid. As a cultivator, one had to constantly review one's strength and challenge one's limits. Those who took advantage of shortcuts might be able to take a short lead, but in the end, they would lose big for small gains. Cultivators who relied purely on shortcuts wouldn't be able to go far in the end!
Therefore, unless Luo Zheng really couldn't do anything to the True Precipice Barrier, he would use the "Zhen" token to open it.
Standing in front of the True Precipice Barrier and looking at the pale yellow transparent wall, Luo Zheng took a deep breath. Then, the dragon scales in his body lit up one by one. Surging dragon scale energy crazily poured into Luo Zheng's body.
One thousand …
Two thousand …
Three thousand …
Four thousand …
Five thousand!
After consolidating his cultivation base, Luo Zheng's body could only contain five thousand dragon scales.
Last time, when he had just broken through to the Life and Death Realm, five thousand dragon scales almost caused his body to explode. This time, although Luo Zheng felt that his body was a little uncomfortable, he could still bear it.
"Ka Ka Ka …"
Luo Zheng's joints, due to the influx of power, issued bursting sounds. His body also began to expand, and his entire body suddenly doubled in size!
Seeing this scene, Ning Yudie said worriedly, "Husband, don't force yourself!"
Su Lingyun, on the other hand, stared blankly at Luo Zheng. The aura that erupted from Luo Zheng's body almost made her unable to breathe.
In the Eastern Domain, there was naturally no one who was worthy of Luo Zheng's attention. Su Lingyun knew that Luo Zheng had become very strong, but she couldn't imagine how strong he had become!
Now, after seeing Luo Zheng condense his power, his entire body underwent a huge transformation. How strong was his aura? If a warrior like Shi Jingtian were to face Luo Zheng, he might not even be able to stand steadily!
In just a few years, he had become so strong. In the future, what kind of person would Luo Zheng become? Perhaps even a small Central Domain wouldn't be able to restrain him.
Su Lingyun pondered in her heart. She still couldn't imagine it … At the same time, a strong sense of crisis emerged in her heart.
What she didn't know was that two months ago, Xi Youqin had already had a premonition after being reminded by that old man Wu Ming. That was why Xi Youqin had a cultivation plan and chose to go to the Indefinite Tower to become a disciple of Wu Ming.
The biggest problem was that Xi Youqin had a way to deal with it because of her physique. But what about her, Su Lingyun? How could she follow in Luo Zheng's footsteps?
She suddenly remembered that when Luo Zheng first stepped into the Blue Cloud Sect, she was competing with the old man who presided over the assessment for Luo Zheng. She could only look up to this young man …
Thinking of this, Su Lingyun even had a trace of sadness in her heart. Although Luo Zheng had returned and expressed his intentions, she couldn't do anything. She was like a puppet who couldn't change anything.
Just as Su Lingyun was pondering, Luo Zheng's fist suddenly shot out!
"Huhu …"
The powerful force stimulated a violent airflow. Su Lingyun and Xi Youqin couldn't stand steadily. As for Ning Yudie and Afo, they stood quietly on the spot and looked at Luo Zheng's fist.
"Boom!"
Luo Zheng's fist smashed into the True Precipice Barrier. The barrier trembled and cracks appeared on it. However, the cracks repaired themselves in an instant. Luo Zheng's punch should have failed.
＝＝＝＝＝

Chapter 955
Seeing this, Ning Yudie pursed her lips and said to Afo, "I'm afraid this barrier can't be opened at all!"
The power of Luo Zheng's terrifying punch was also beyond Ning Yudie's expectations, but it still couldn't break the barrier. She felt that Afo was just toying with them.
Facing Ning Yudie's question, Afo's expression was calm. "Luo Zheng can't break it, but that doesn't mean others can't."
"Hmph, if even Luo Zheng can't break it, who else can?" Xi Youqin was also unconvinced. The three of them were trying their best to protect their husband's face …
Afo couldn't be bothered with these women's pestering. He said to Luo Zheng, "Since you've already tried, use the 'Tremor' token. I've already said that you can't open the True Precipice Barrier with your strength."
However, Luo Zheng chuckled and said, "No need!" After saying that, a pickaxe suddenly appeared in his hand.
Seeing the pickaxe in Luo Zheng's hand, Afo's face revealed a trace of surprise. "Black Star?"
Luo Zheng nodded. This time, he waved the pickaxe in his hand and smashed it at the True Precipice Barrier!
"Clang!"
The True Precipice Barrier was smashed into pieces by the Black Star Pickaxe. The extremely sturdy barrier was like a piece of paper in front of the Black Star Pickaxe.
Then, Luo Zheng said, "You've been staying in this divine mansion all this time. How do you know about this pickaxe?"
Fu smiled faintly, and the surprise on his face gradually disappeared. He only said, "In this universe, there are many bored people who have created all kinds of Divine Weapon Lists. However, the most popular one is the Universal Myriad Spirit Stele. After this Myriad Spirit Stele was created, all the major clans also had copies of it. Whenever a Sovereign Divine Weapon appears, it will be sensed by the Myriad Spirit Stele, and the name will appear on the stele …"
"Universal Myriad Spirit Stele?" Luo Zheng raised his eyebrows.
Afo nodded and continued, "If I'm not mistaken, the Blackstar Pickaxe is a supreme artifact, and it's ranked around nine hundred. The Blackstar Pickaxe's causal law is indeed of the upper level, but it's still just a pickaxe. It can't unleash its true power. If it had been made into an axe or a sword, it would have been two or three hundred ranks higher."
After hearing the ranking, Luo Zheng nodded. He knew very little about the Upper Realm, so he was very curious about the Myriad Spirit Stele. He asked, "Are there over ten thousand weapons on the Myriad Spirit Stele? Are they all supreme divine artifacts? "
Afo shook his head and said, "There aren't many supreme divine artifacts in this universe. A small universe can't hold over ten thousand supreme divine artifacts."
"A small universe …" Luo Zheng's face showed astonishment. There were over a hundred thousand great realms in this universe, and each great realm was so vast that Luo Zheng couldn't even imagine it. Afo thought that the universe was small? From its words, Luo Zheng obtained a piece of information. There seemed to be an end to this universe. What was at the end of the universe? What was beyond the end?
This question had risen to the level that Luo Zheng couldn't understand, but it wasn't something that Luo Zheng needed to explore now. He wanted to know more about the Chaotic Myriad Spirit Stele.
"As long as you forge a supreme divine artifact, it can be listed in the top three thousand of the Myriad Spirit Stele. After three thousand, it's a superior divine artifact. However, the weapons in the top ten of the Chaotic Myriad Spirit Stele are very special. When you ascend to the Upper Realm in the future, you'll naturally know," Afo said, "Besides, I haven't peeked into the Myriad Spirit Stele for a long time. The stele isn't made of cold stone, and the weapons on it constantly change according to the stele's reaction. After so many years, this Blackstar Pickaxe that can only be used for mining has probably fallen out of the top one thousand."
Luo Zheng nodded silently. The Blackstar Pickaxe didn't exist as a weapon for Luo Zheng, but it did play a big role in many situations. "Alright, in the end, I used the Blackstar Pickaxe to break the True Impasse. Now take me to the True Impasse!"
Afo nodded, "Follow me."
Under Afo's lead, Luo Zheng and the three girls continued forward. Just as Daoist Tian Miao had said, this Holy Abode was actually much bigger than Luo Zheng had imagined.
After walking for a while, Luo Zheng saw that the surrounding scenery had quietly changed. The original high walls and green tiles could no longer be seen. The surroundings were all open, and all kinds of exotic flowers and plants bloomed on both sides. As for the middle, there was a small country road!
It was just a ridge that was commonly seen in small villages, but this ridge was so thin that only one person could pass through it. It stretched all the way into the distance, and the edge couldn't be seen.
"We're here," Afo said.
Seeing this thin ridge, Luo Zheng, Ning Yudie, and the other girls all had strange expressions on their faces. "This … is the True Impasse?" Luo Zheng couldn't help but ask.
Ah Fu nodded. "That's right. There are a total of six stages in this Path of True Despair. Every time you pass a stage, you'll be able to obtain a token. However, I advise you to only challenge the first stage because the later stages aren't something you can pass with your current strength."
"It's just a thin ridge, what's so hard about it?" Xi Youqin smiled.
"You can try," Afo's mind was a little numb, but he was still a living soul after all. When he heard this, he said indifferently.
"Then I'll give it a try!" Xi Youqin smiled, then really stepped onto the ridge.
However, Luo Zheng pulled Xi Youqin back and asked, "Will this True Impasse be life-threatening?"
"The True Impasse isn't an illusion. All the challenges are real, and they can be life-threatening," Afo said, "Generally speaking, this True Impasse is prepared for cultivators above the Spirit Sea realm. Of course, a small number of excellent Life and Death realm cultivators can also go on it, but they can only finish the first stage at most."
Hearing this, Luo Zheng directly pulled Xi Youqin back. Fortunately, he managed to grab her. With Xi Youqin's current strength, she probably wouldn't be able to last long on the True Path of Despair.
Afo's words made Ning Yudie and the others worried. The three girls didn't want Luo Zheng to risk his life. Su Lingyun couldn't help but stop him, "Luo Zheng, if it's too dangerous, why don't you give up this time and come back when your cultivation has improved?"
Ning Yudie also frowned and nodded. It was indeed unwise to rashly challenge someone who had just broken through the Life and Death realm.
Luo Zheng pondered for a moment as he gazed at the fields that stretched far into the distance. During the dual cultivation ceremony, the mysterious old man had fed him an elixir. At that time, there had been no reaction, but in the following period of time, Luo Zheng was surprised to find that a wonderful change had taken place in his Dantian. His True Yuan, which had been gradually solidifying, now seemed to show signs of liquefying. Moreover, he could feel that the speed of his cultivation had increased by several times.
Although the old man said it with disdain and regarded the pill as trash, Luo Zheng knew that the pill had unlocked its intelligence. It could even run away and attack people. Its strength was even not bad. No matter how trashy the pill was, its effects were beyond Luo Zheng's imagination.
In short, Luo Zheng's cultivation speed had greatly increased. Although he had spent most of his time with Ning Yudie and Xi Youqin and only spent a small part of his time on cultivation, Luo Zheng had already faintly felt that his cultivation was slowly reaching its limit. He was afraid that he would have to accept the second minor tribulation and break through to the second layer of the Life and Death realm.
With Luo Zheng's current strength, it would not be difficult for him to return to the Western Domain from the Central Domain and enter the Immortal Mansion. Ning Yudie's words made sense.
But Luo Zheng still shook his head, "Since I'm already here, how can I give up so easily?"
Afo smiled faintly, "I know you won't give up, so I'm just giving you a hint. Your true strength is comparable to the Divine Sea Realm, so you might be able to break through the first layer of the True Path of Extinction. It's not bad to just get a token. After all, just opening the Tool Refining Workshop or the Library Pavilion is enough for you to benefit a lot. It's worth a try."
Xi Youqin said unhappily, "What if Luo Zheng gets hurt? Will you be responsible?"

Chapter 956
Luo Zheng could sense Xi Youqin and Ning Yudie's worries. He comforted them confidently, "Trust me, it'll be fine!"
The three women's expressions were different, but since Luo Zheng had already made his decision, how could they interfere?
Moreover, this was how the world worked. As a cultivator, apart from Xi Youqin, who grew up in a honeypot, who would be absolutely safe? Su Lingyun had also experienced life and death several times. As for Ning Yudie, she was rescued by Luo Zheng from the brink of death …
As Luo Zheng stepped onto the True Path of Extinction, Ning Yudie said seriously, "My husband's luck is unparalleled. I believe he'll pass it smoothly."
Ning Yudie didn't follow Luo Zheng overseas, but Luo Zheng had left several times. She didn't know how many dangers he had experienced, but she believed in Luo Zheng's strength and luck!
Just as Luo Zheng stepped onto the True Path of Extinction, mist emerged from both sides of the ridge. The mist was divided into two colors, black and white. The mist on Luo Zheng's left was black, while the mist on his right was white.
"This mist gives off a very strange feeling." Luo Zheng felt a strange feeling in the mist, as if it could transform into anything in the world.
Just as Luo Zheng was puzzled, Afo's voice drifted into Luo Zheng's ears, "This is the Yin and Yang Qi. It was deduced by the first person, the Palace Master. You, be careful."
When the heavens and earth were first created, everything was in chaos. This was called the Infinite. The Infinite gave birth to the Taiji, which gave birth to the Yin and Yang. The Yin and Yang gave birth to the Four Divisions. The Four Divisions gave birth to the East, South, West, and North. The Eight Trigrams gave birth to the 64 Hexagrams. This evolution was endless …
The Yin and Yang Qi. If he continued to pursue it like this, he might be able to touch upon the origin of the entire world. However, Luo Zheng couldn't see through its mysteries!
However, at this stage, Luo Zheng didn't need to see through it. What he needed to do was to keep moving forward on this path of true despair.
Thinking of this, Luo Zheng's feet stirred up the wind, and his figure sped forward like a shuttle!
However, the Yin and Yang energies surged over, turning into strange flowers and plants that swept towards Luo Zheng.
Luo Zheng's expression didn't change. A longsword suddenly appeared in Luo Zheng's hand. The longsword swung from the left, bursting with a sharp sword intent. Then, it spun to the right. Holding the sword with one hand, the sword intent alternated between left and right, protecting Luo Zheng's entire body.
As the sword light spun, the strange flowers and plants formed by the Yin and Yang energies were minced into powder. In an instant, they reverted back to black and white mist, then solidified into all kinds of strange plants and continued to spread towards Luo Zheng.
"The pressure isn't that great." Luo Zheng relaxed a little. With the protection of the sword intent, his speed soared all the way. As he flew, he turned his head and looked back. The scenery behind him had disappeared. Xi Youqin, Ning Yudie, and Su Lingyun were shrouded in the boundless black and white mist. He strolled alone on this ridge path. A sense of loneliness assaulted Luo Zheng.
As Luo Zheng continued to rush forward, the creatures formed by the Yin and Yang energies became more and more plentiful. There were some small but numerous insects. There were many kinds of insects, and Luo Zheng could only barely recognize a few of them. For example, butterflies, dragonflies, beetles, and other creatures. However, there were even more insects with strange shapes and disgusting appearances …
"Swoosh swoosh swoosh swoosh …"
As the sword intent swept out, these insects were minced into pieces. As more and more insects poured out, their bodies became larger and larger. Some of them were the size of a fist. Even Luo Zheng's high-grade saint artifact had a hard time cutting through their thick carapaces. Clanking sounds could be heard.
However, although there were many insects, they still couldn't stop Luo Zheng. His speed didn't slow down at all. Instead, it became faster and faster!
As he sprinted, the waves of insects gradually dispersed and were replaced by many reptiles, such as lizards and snakes …
At this point, Luo Zheng's eyes suddenly flashed. "This True Path of Extinction … seems to be arranged according to the evolutionary path of creatures …"
The creatures of the universe didn't appear out of thin air. After the creatures of every race were born, they would multiply and multiply for generations. They would constantly evolve, erase their own flaws, strengthen their own strengths, and become even more powerful …
Survival of the fittest, natural selection …
Among them, there were countless creatures that Luo Zheng hadn't seen before. Perhaps they had already become extinct in this world and had become a eliminated race. Others had evolved into a more powerful race.
However, what was the purpose of this True Path of Extinction?
"Hiss …"
On both sides of the True Path of Extinction, the Yin and Yang Qi transformed into reptiles of different colors and sizes. They continued to rush toward Luo Zheng! Just like the insects and plants before, these low-level creatures posed no threat to Luo Zheng. He was still running as fast as flying.
However, after passing through this area, the difficulty of the True Path of Extinction began to increase abruptly.
The Yin and Yang Qi on both sides began to condense into many fierce beasts, such as lions, tigers, leopards, mastiffs …
"Kill!" Luo Zheng's expression was calm. However, any fierce beast that dared to approach him was easily killed by him.
After these fierce beasts were all killed by Luo Zheng, primate creatures gradually began to appear on the True Path of Extinction. There were monkeys, gorillas, baboons, and some human-like creatures …
The offensive strength of these living beings couldn't even compare to ferocious beasts. However, they had developed intelligence. They held clubs in their hands, threw rocks at Luo Zheng, and even used fire. Even though it was extremely primitive, Luo Zheng knew that the reason why the humans and all other humanoid races such as the devil race, the Yao Clan, the Giants, and so on and so forth were able to reach their current level of strength was because they had developed a trace of intelligence in the past.
However, who was the one who bestowed this intelligence upon him?
There was still no answer. Continue to kill!
"Swoosh swoosh swoosh …"
This level of attack was completely futile against Luo Zheng.
Under the frenzied killing, these primate creatures gradually disappeared. However, after that, numerous tall and strong humans appeared!
"Humans? They don't seem to be … "
These creatures looked very similar to humans. However, when Luo Zheng looked at them, he immediately refuted his own judgment.
They were much taller than humans. Every muscle and bone on their bodies were just right. Their pointy ears made them seem like members of the Demon Race. However, their eyes and skin were similar to those of the Demon Race. In addition, their backs were covered with dark green scales. Although they weren't beautiful, they could completely protect them against attacks from their backs.
Putting aside their strength, Luo Zheng sensed a perfect aura from them. What kind of race was this? How could there be such a perfect race? Luo Zheng revealed a curious expression.
In the past, Luo Zheng believed that the most perfect race was the Demon Race. They were born with pure bodies without the slightest impurity. They were Xiantian lifeforms. However, this race also had some flaws. They didn't have the ability to reproduce. Although there were many geniuses in the race, their population was small. Overall, the number of experts and geniuses born was far less than that of the human race. In short, each race had its advantages and disadvantages …
However, Luo Zheng was rather puzzled by the race before him. This race seemed to have the advantages of many other races. Why hadn't Luo Zheng heard of this race before?
While he was puzzling over this, the near-perfect race had already charged towards Luo Zheng.
These creatures seemed to have mastered a certain level of combat skills. When they attacked, they directly attacked Luo Zheng's vital points!
"Hmph!"
Luo Zheng coldly harrumphed, then he threw out a punch towards one of the men. He didn't use the strength of the dragon scale, as he was still in the early stages of the True Path of Despair. Therefore, Luo Zheng was confident that he could instantly kill this man with this punch.
However, when Luo Zheng's punch hit back, the man in the lead suddenly curled up his body, removing part of Luo Zheng's strength. At the same time, his bones started twisting at an incredible angle. A painful expression emerged on the man's face. After rolling a few times on the ground, his broken body actually started recovering …
Witnessing this scene, Luo Zheng was shocked.
Luo Zheng felt this race was perfect. However, none of them had ever cultivated. Even though their bodies were pure, without any cultivation, they were still just Xiantian lifeforms.
With the strength of Luo Zheng's punch, let alone a Xiantian lifeform, he could even kill a Divine Core warrior with this punch!
But, this guy had just used his body's flexibility to remove more than half of his strength. Not only that, he was still able to crawl back up from the ground unscathed!
How did he do this?

Chapter 957
It wasn't that Luo Zheng couldn't do anything to these guys. After all, he was a warrior who had broken through the Life and Death realm. Killing them was a piece of cake.
It was just that these creatures could rely on their physical bodies and instincts to negate his power. This was simply unimaginable.
Even if Luo Zheng had been a Xiantian lifeform, there was absolutely no reason for him to be able to survive a punch from the current him … But this person had forcibly dispersed his strength. Although it looked like he was struggling, and perhaps he was already heavily injured, he was still alive and kicking!
Swoosh swoosh swoosh …
The others also shot towards Luo Zheng. However, these people didn't cultivate any techniques. If they were placed in the Central Domain, they would be at the level of ordinary mortals. Even so, they were still able to block Luo Zheng's next punch!
Bang bang bang …
Luo Zheng deliberately didn't increase his power. These people were instantly sent flying by Luo Zheng. However, without exception, they all climbed up from the ground with faint smiles on their faces.
"These guys can think? Or is it the deliberate work of the first person who set up the Path of Extinction? "
Without thinking too much, Luo Zheng erupted the vital essence in his body. When these people appeared again, his attacks were unusually fierce!
Puff puff puff …
This time, anyone who approached was directly blown up by Luo Zheng, their bodies turning into a cloud of blood mist!
"Golden blood?" Seeing this scene, Luo Zheng's eyebrows twitched.
If Luo Zheng remembered correctly, golden blood seemed to only exist in the Demi-Immortal Clan. After joining the Demi-Immortal Clan, the most important thing was to change one's blood. However, the old man of the Demi-Immortal Clan didn't want to bring him into the Demi-Immortal Clan, so he didn't help him change his blood.
There must be a great connection between the two …
Under Luo Zheng's heavy blows, these people exploded one after another. First, they turned into a bloody mist. Then, the bloody mist dispersed and transformed into Yin and Yang energy. Then, they condensed into human figures and rushed towards Luo Zheng again.
When they rushed over again, both their speed and strength had increased dramatically!
"Vital essence!"
Seeing this scene, Luo Zheng's face was filled with shock.
He clearly felt that the moment these people rushed over, they erupted with fierce vital essence. Moreover, their moves were similar to Luo Zheng's!
These guys were actually copying him?
"Explode for me!"
Even if they erupted with vital essence, how could they shake Luo Zheng with the strength of Xiantian realm experts? Under the surge of power in his body, Luo Zheng's strength once again increased to another level.
However, as Luo Zheng's strength increased, the strength of these people also increased rapidly!
Xiantian …
Divine Illuminating Realm …
Void realm …
Life and death realm!
As these near-perfect clansmen grew stronger and stronger, Luo Zheng felt more and more pressure.
Puff puff puff …
The True Path of Despair was only a gap less than a shoulder wide. Luo Zheng couldn't dodge left and right. Several people in front of him joined forces and directly pushed Luo Zheng back a few steps.
At this time, Luo Zheng realized that he shouldn't focus on fighting these guys. His goal was to pass the True Path of Despair. He didn't know how many stages he could pass, but it was clearly unwise to tangle with them here.
Thinking of this, Luo Zheng erupted with the power of dragon scales, shattering those people. Then, vital essence suddenly erupted from his body. At the same time, his vital essence circulated!
"Chasing Cloud Movement Technique!"
Although Luo Zheng had only grasped the first level of the Law of Wind, he'd already grasped the basics of the Wind Escape Technique he'd learned from Feng Nianyun. After returning to the Central Domain, he'd comprehend it on his own. Erupting like this, the wind around him changed direction. He was like a falling leaf drifting in the wind. Under such rapid speed, he didn't feel any wind resistance.
In almost a breath's time, Luo Zheng had already left those people far behind him!
What Luo Zheng didn't know was that Afo, Ning Yudie, and the other two girls had been watching Luo Zheng all this time.
He'd been running like this for a long time, but in the eyes of Ning Yudie and Xi Youqin, he seemed to be in a stationary state. They only saw Luo Zheng running, but he didn't move at all.
Afo looked at Luo Zheng and said indifferently, "Luo Zheng can still hold on now. He seems to have discovered something. But it'll be difficult for him to continue …"
After Luo Zheng circulated his vital essence, his speed did indeed skyrocket. However, the people formed by Yin and Yang Qi around him also rapidly increased their speed!
"Vital essence … as expected!"
When Luo Zheng circulated his vital essence, those people also had vital essence.
The troublesome thing was that these people's cultivation had also risen to the first stage of the Life and Death realm, exactly the same as Luo Zheng!
The problem was that these people couldn't be judged by the standards of ordinary warriors. Even Xiantian lifeforms could use their physical advantages to withstand Luo Zheng's attacks. This race was innately stronger than the human race, and even far stronger than the Demon Night Clan, Demon Race, and all other races!
Facing such opponents, one could imagine the pressure Luo Zheng felt.
Fortunately, Luo Zheng now understood that he didn't want to get entangled with these people too much. Instead, he ran madly, trying to shake them off as much as possible …
But then, Luo Zheng felt a vigorous wind element law behind him. In addition, some people were constantly passing through space. After fusing two kinds of laws, they chased after Luo Zheng.
Rumble …
Right behind him, a pillar of fire shot towards Luo Zheng. This pillar of fire also contained a powerful fire element law.
The power of law …
Luo Zheng had only used one Origin Source Law, the Law of Wind, but these fellows had immediately used all of their Origin Source Laws.
They were proficient in all of the origin laws?
At this moment, Afo's voice echoed on the True Extinction Path, "The Sacred Race is the creator of laws. From birth, they automatically comprehend all kinds of laws. If you use one kind of law, they'll use any kind of law on the True Extinction Path!"
At this point, Luo Zheng suddenly felt his body slow down!
The time element law!
Luo Zheng was shocked. He also operated the Law of Time and rushed out of the space where the flow of time was slowed down.
"The Sacred Race!" If he'd known this would happen, Luo Zheng wouldn't have used anything but his physical body. "What kind of race is the Sacred Race …"
At this moment, Qinglong, who'd been silent for a long time, said faintly in Luo Zheng's mind, "The origin of all primate races, the most perfect race …"
Primate races include monkeys, gorillas, baboons, humans, demons, demons, beasts, and so on. In the Upper Realm, there are many primate races!
Not only that, but even savage beasts, divine beasts, super divine beasts, and true spirits can transform into humans when their intelligence reaches a certain level and their strength reaches the stage of transformation.
For example, a powerful existence like Qinglong could transform into a human and change its name to 'Qing Xuan'. It also had a human form.
Although the human race was powerful and had a transcendent status in the universe, it wasn't enough for all the other races to transform into "humans". Now, the Azure Dragon was telling Luo Zheng that although they had transformed into humans, they weren't using humans as a blueprint. Instead, they were a more powerful race, a more perfect race, the Sacred Race.
Not only that, but all other primate races, including humans, demons, and even demons … all inherit some of the characteristics of the Sacred Race, and walk down different cultivation paths and systems!
The closest race to the Sacred Race is the Demon Night clan. For example, the newborn babies of the Demon Night clan are all connate lifeforms, and so are the Sacred Race. This is an unparalleled advantage of the other races. However, the Demon Night clan has more females than males, and their reproduction rate is extremely low. It's a delicate balance.
"So that's how it is …"
Since there was such a perfect race in the universe, why did it disappear completely?
Before he could ask this question, all kinds of origin law power came to envelop Luo Zheng …
With Luo Zheng's current strength, he doesn't dare to take it head-on. He can only explode forward again, but the yin and yang energies are transforming into more and more Sacred Race members, and their attacks are becoming fiercer and fiercer.
"Huff huff huff …"
"Pa —"
"Whoosh …"
Wind blades, fire blades, thunder … all kinds of law power poured down on Luo Zheng.
Seeing this, Afo shook his head, "Luo Zheng can't hold on."
＝＝＝＝＝

Chapter 958
Hearing Afo's words, Ning Yudie suddenly clenched her fists!
So many Life and Death experts besieging Luo Zheng, and these experts were proficient in all kinds of Law Powers. This was indeed a huge test for Luo Zheng.
Su Lingyun muttered softly. She knew that she couldn't change anything, so she could only pray silently in her heart.
Xi Youqin took a step forward and raised her hand.
"What can you do?" Afo asked indifferently.
"Break this True Path of Despair!" Xi Youqin didn't know how to reason with others. She wasn't as rational as Ning Yudie.
However, before Xi Youqin could make a move, Afo said, "Although the Heavenly Purple Body is powerful, you can't use your spatial node here!"
How could Xi Youqin listen to this guy? She moved her fingers slightly and tried to communicate with the giant swords in the Extreme Purple Realm. However, after circling her hands a few times, there was no reaction at all. Just as Afo said, she couldn't communicate with the Extreme Purple Realm here. The spatial node had failed!
Now, she was helpless. Watching Luo Zheng struggle in all kinds of Law Powers, her expression became more and more unsightly!
Thinking of this, she was about to jump into the True Path of Despair …
"What are you doing?" Ning Yudie shouted coldly and grabbed Xi Youqin.
If Xi Youqin jumped into the True Path of Despair before, she wouldn't be in too much danger. However, the experts in the True Path of Despair were all Life and Death experts. How could Xi Youqin fight against them?
"But Luo Zheng …" Xi Youqin said worriedly.
Xi Youqin was indeed smarter than Ning Yudie in some aspects, such as guessing Luo Zheng's thoughts. Her EQ was much higher than Ning Yudie's, but in terms of martial arts, she was far inferior to Ning Yudie. Now that Xi Youqin had entered the True Path of Despair, she was simply courting death.
Fortunately, Xi Youqin's strength was far inferior to Ning Yudie's. No matter how she struggled, she couldn't escape from Ning Yudie's control.
However, Su Lingyun said indifferently, "Don't worry."
Xi Youqin looked at Su Lingyun and snorted, "Of course you're not worried about Luo Zheng's life …"
"No," Su Lingyun shook her head, "I believe in Luo Zheng. He has the strength to fight back!"
Ning Yudie also nodded, "Luo Zheng's limit is far beyond this. Don't listen to this guy," Ning Yudie pointed at Afo.
The three women didn't have a good impression of Afo. However, Afo didn't care. He was still indifferently watching Luo Zheng's every move on the True Path of Despair.
"Boom …"
When the various Law Energies hit Luo Zheng's body, a violent light burst out.
Seeing this, the three women clenched their fists tightly, and their faces were filled with nervousness.
After the light dissipated, Luo Zheng's body was still standing, but the clothes on his body were annihilated by the energy flows …
"This … this kid … seems to have transferred his power?" Afo was surprised again.
As for Xi Youqin and Su Lingyun, they breathed a sigh of relief and smiled. They didn't care about the process, nor did they want to know how Luo Zheng resisted these attacks. They only knew that their husband was incomparably brave and could remain unscathed under such attacks.
Ning Yudie's eyes were filled with shock. "Energy transfer? How did he do it?"
"I can't tell for now," Afo said faintly. "He seems to have fused with some kind of will. Maybe it's a spiritual object, and he transferred his power to that spiritual object..." Even Afo couldn't tell that Luo Zheng had fused with the will of the entire Vast Thousand Domains. He had just transferred his power to the Divine Essencefused Mountain. Anyway, an attack of this level wouldn't be able to shake the Divine Essencefused Mountain at all.
Relying on the transfer of power, Luo Zheng rushed forward again. No matter how the Sacred Race people used all kinds of methods, Luo Zheng didn't stop for a moment!
Not long after, Luo Zheng felt that the path ahead gradually became clear, and Afo and the three girls were actually right in front of him.
When Luo Zheng stepped on the True Path of Extinction, the three girls were behind him, but he didn't expect to return to the starting point at the end of the path. This surprised Luo Zheng a little.
"Whoosh!"
Luo Zheng jumped out of the True Path of Extinction and said to Afo with a smile, "Did I pass?"
"The first stage passed," Afo said faintly.
"Where's the token?" Luo Zheng asked.
Afo pointed behind Luo Zheng. Luo Zheng turned his head and looked. The yin and yang energies above the ridge slowly floated and condensed. At the same time, the ridge disappeared and a token slowly descended from the air.
The three girls also looked up. Ning Yudie said faintly, "It's the word 'Kan'."
A token with the word 'Kan' engraved on it slowly floated down and landed in Luo Zheng's hand. Luo Zheng looked at it and heard Afo say, "With this token, you can enter the library and read the books!"
"Library!" Luo Zheng's eyebrows suddenly raised.
Everything in this immortal mansion was no small matter. For Luo Zheng at this stage, other things might not be that important, but the library was definitely indispensable!
Afo smiled faintly, "Your strength is stronger than I thought. Even a Divine Sea Realm expert wouldn't be able to survive the siege of so many Life and Death Realm experts of the Sacred Race. But you seem to have transferred your strength to a spirit item. If you're confident in this spirit item, you can challenge the second stage of the True Path of Extinction."
Afo thought that Luo Zheng had a spirit item, but the spirit item itself didn't exist. Of course, the entire great thousand domains could be regarded as Luo Zheng's "spirit item" …
The carrying capacity of a great thousand domains was still quite terrifying. Even if some experts in the universe could destroy the creatures in the Central Domain, it was basically impossible for them to destroy the entire great thousand domains.
Luo Zheng also couldn't let the great thousand domains bear too much of a terrifying attack. Last time, in order to fight against the black eye, Luo Zheng destroyed all the mountains in the great thousand domains. This time, Luo Zheng transferred his strength to the Divine Essencefused Mountain.
"Of course!" Luo Zheng smiled faintly.
Afo nodded, and the fog below dispersed again. In front of Luo Zheng, the True Path of Extinction opened again!
"The second stage is more difficult than the first. Be careful," Afo said, "But since you can transfer your strength, as long as your spirit item can bear it, there shouldn't be any danger …"
So Luo Zheng once again rushed into the True Path of Extinction without hesitation.
At this time, Xi Youqin turned her head and smiled at Su Lingyun, "Okay, you can turn around now …"
Su Lingyun turned her head, her face still full of shyness. Luo Zheng's clothes were all gone, so she just turned her head shyly. As for Ning Yudie and Xi Youqin, they naturally weren't as shy as Su Lingyun …
The second round of slaughter took an hour. The strength of the saint martial artists had also risen to a new level. Although they didn't use any cultivation methods, the martial artists manifested from the yin and yang energies all had a cultivation at the Divine Sea realm. Even the power of their Laws had risen to the third or even fourth level!
Fortunately, these guys didn't know how to use Domains. In the Chaotic Astral Ocean in the south of the Eastern Domain, the Divine Essencefused Mountain completely absorbed these forces.
Luo Zheng focused on sprinting on the True Path of Extinction, so he didn't have the mind to investigate the Divine Essencefused Mountain …
Even if the Divine Essencefused Mountain was invulnerable, there was a limit to the power it could withstand. Under the attacks of dozens of Divine Sea Realm experts of the Sacred Clan, just how terrifying was the power contained within?
The Divine Essencefused Mountain, which was mostly at the bottom of the sea, already had a shallow crack at the bottom, and that crack was constantly expanding.
"Done!" Luo Zheng passed the second stage of the True Path of Extinction. On the other side, he saw Su Lingyun suddenly turn around. Seeing Su Lingyun blushing, Luo Zheng smiled, then took out a set of clothes from his spatial ring and put them on.
As the vast fog descended, another token appeared in the sky.
This time, it was a "Gen" token.
"What's the use of this token?" Luo Zheng asked curiously.

Chapter 959
Afo's puppet body was created by the first master of Immortal's Mansion. He didn't have the Five Decay of Heaven and Man, so the puppet couldn't collapse. In other words, he couldn't commit suicide even if he wanted to. His soul should be firmly sealed inside, and he couldn't disperse the power of his soul …
For Afo, guarding Immortal's Mansion was a boring job. Death was an extravagant hope for him.
If someone could stay in Immortal's Mansion, it would be a good thing for him.
The previous masters had all tried to take control of Immortal's Mansion, but they all failed. For example, Taoist Tian Miao. Afo had also hoped for Tian Miao's return, but he still died from the Five Decay of Heaven and Man …
Now, Luo Zheng was slowly taking control of Immortal's Mansion. Not only did he get the "Kan" token, but he also got the "Gen" token!
"Carry Immortal's Mansion with me? Could it be that the immortal abode can fly away? "Luo Zheng asked curiously.
Afo nodded, then shook his head. "The" Gen "token is a special one among the six. It's a projection of Immortal's Mansion itself. It's equivalent to the gate of Immortal's Mansion. Of course, you can also treat it as Immortal's Mansion. If you carry it with you, you can return to Immortal's Mansion at any time." Afo was in a good mood. After thinking for a while, he added, "You can treat it as that woman's Heavenly Purple Body. It's a space node." Then Afo pointed at Xi Youqin.
"I see." Luo Zheng was enlightened. In this way, if he wanted to return to Immortal's Mansion in the future, he wouldn't have to travel thousands of miles to the Eastern Region. He could enter directly with the "Gen" token in his hand.
"Do you want to continue?" Afo asked again.
In a short time, Luo Zheng had already obtained two tokens. But this time, Luo Zheng chose to give up.
In the next round of the True Path of Extinction, a large group of Extreme Divine Realm experts would most likely appear. Although Luo Zheng could completely transfer his power, the problem was that there was a limit to the Divine Origin Magnetic Mountain's capacity. If a large group of Extreme Divine Realm experts used the fifth layer of Source Laws, the power would be unimaginable!
If the Divine Essencefused Mountain were to be destroyed, the overflowing energy would damage the foundation of the entire Great Thousand World. Luo Zheng was unwilling to take this risk. Moreover, now that he had the "Gen" token, he could wait for his strength to increase in the future before returning to the Immortal Mansion to obtain the other tokens.
Now that he had a "Kan" token in his hand, he smiled and said, "Can we head to the library now?"
"No problem," Afo nodded.
At this time, Luo Zheng's eyes flashed slightly, and he asked, "Can other people enter?" Luo Zheng was naturally referring to Ning Yudie and the others.
"Possessing the medallion is equivalent to being the master of the Immortal Abode. It's up to you to decide whether or not they can," Afo said.
"Understood!"
Previously, although Luo Zheng was the "master" of the Immortal Mansion, he couldn't control anything at all. The "Xun" token was at most a ticket to enter, while the "Zhen" token gave him the qualifications to challenge the True Path of Extinction.
Now that he had the "Kan" and "Gen" tokens, his control over the immortal estate was increasing step by step. There would be a day when he would be able to obtain the other four tokens, or even the two Qiankun tokens!
Thus, everyone turned around and began to walk back. However, halfway through, a violent and vicious aura suddenly erupted from the depths of the Immortal Mansion!
"Roar …"
At the same time, a strange cry was transmitted.
Even though they were separated by such a great distance, that vicious aura still made people feel abnormally terrified!
Luo Zheng's face darkened, while Ning Yudie's face turned deathly pale. As for Xi Youqin and Su Lingyun, they directly fainted …
"What is this!" Luo Zheng coldly asked Afo. After that, he helped Su Lingyun up, while Ning Yudie went to help Xi Youqin.
That vicious aura wasn't released from the front, and it was quite far from Luo Zheng, but it still made Luo Zheng extremely fearful. Then what kind of terrifying existence was this?
Afo's expression changed, then said indifferently, "There's a guy who's already impatient …"
"Where did that sound come from?" Luo Zheng asked.
"The doghouse," Afo answered, then continued, "Luo Zheng, you've obtained the" Kan "token, so you can go to the library yourself. I'm going to take a look …"
After that, Afo didn't wait for Luo Zheng's response, his figure flashed, and his whole body flew towards the depths of the Immortal Mansion!
In the depths of the Immortal Mansion, there was an exquisite backyard. In a corner of the backyard, there was a chain that bound a ferocious beast. The ferocious beast was lying on the ground, motionless.
Afo walked towards the fierce beast expressionlessly, then said, "What's the hurry?"
"Roar …" The fierce beast's voice was much softer, but its head was still roaring towards a deep pit next to it.
"Are those guys in the prison not being obedient?" Afo said, then walked towards the deep pit. At the bottom of the pit, there was a row of fences, and under the fences was absolute darkness.
Afo said indifferently, "You've already endured so many years, what's the harm in waiting a little longer?"
No one in the pit answered.
Seeing this, Afo continued, "That young man is very talented, and his luck isn't bad either. He actually obtained four tokens, and none of them were repeated. Most importantly, he has the" Gen "and" Kan "tokens, so in the future … he might be able to obtain the two Qiankun tokens."
Still, no one in the pit spoke.
"I know you don't think highly of him, but this time it might really be different. Trust me, it's only a matter of a thousand years at most. We've endured countless years, and this little bit of time is just an instant to both of you. Be patient," Afo said again.
Seeing that there was no response, Afo turned to leave, but just as Afo was about to turn around, a voice came from the pit. "Then call him in, I'll train him. I guarantee that it won't take a thousand years, just a hundred years. He'll definitely become the strongest in this universe, and crush those bullshit Celestial Sovereigns."
Afo didn't turn around, he just shook his head and said, "Master's rules can't be broken. If he can't obtain the two Qiankun tokens, he can't enter here …"
As soon as he finished speaking, he paid no further attention to her and directly left the backyard ….
Next to the fence in the pit sat a long-haired middle-aged man in ragged clothes. He looked at the top of the pit and muttered, "Let's not talk about one or two thousand years, even if it's one or two hundred million years, I'm willing to wait. The problem is that those monsters in the lower levels of the prison can't wait that long!"
Luo Zheng didn't know what was going on here.
He and Ning Yudie woke up Xi Youqin and Su Lingyun, then gave them some calming pills before heading to the library.
The door to the library was naturally very tall, and it looked like a huge heavenly palace in front of Luo Zheng!
"Is the 'Kan' token enough to open this door?" At this point, Luo Zheng took out the "Kan" token in his hand. The moment Luo Zheng took out the token, a golden light flashed from the middle of the door. With a "Kacha" sound, a crack appeared on the door.
Luo Zheng jumped up and tried to push the door open. Originally, Luo Zheng looked at the mountain-like door and estimated that it would take some effort to push it open. Unexpectedly, just as his hand touched the door, the door opened with a loud bang. Immediately after, a scholarly smell assailed his nostrils!
Naturally, the books did not have any fragrance. The books in the Book Collection Pavilion must have been made from special wood. After countless years, the natural fragrance would precipitate out. When one sniffed it, it would even cause one to feel intoxicated.
"Let's go in!" Luo Zheng smiled at Ning Yudie and was the first to enter the library. Ning Yudie, Xi Youqin, and Su Lingyun followed closely behind.
Even though countless years had passed, the library was still spotless. In front of Luo Zheng, there were many bookshelves that were as big as a small mountain. As for the books in the bookshelves, each book was three feet tall and two feet wide...
"How do I read this?" Looking at the huge books, Luo Zheng's face revealed a depressed expression.

Chapter 960
Although Luo Zheng was depressed, he had entered the library with great difficulty. How could he be willing to return empty-handed?
With a leap, he jumped onto the first row of bookshelves!
The covers of these books were made of some kind of metal. They were very cold to the touch and were incomparably sturdy. Although Luo Zheng couldn't identify the material of these pages, he was certain that they were more than enough to refine tools.
He grabbed one side of this huge book and used all of his strength to pull. Unexpectedly, this big book didn't move an inch!
"This book is actually so heavy?" Luo Zheng's complexion suddenly changed.
His strength was enough to tear apart mountains and split the earth. He didn't expect this book to be so heavy!
He was born with divine strength, yet he couldn't even pull out a book from the library. Luo Zheng's face revealed an unconvinced expression. This time, the power of the dragon scales in his body suddenly erupted. He grabbed the corner of the book with both hands and used all his strength to finally pull the book out of the bookshelf.
However, while the three women were still looking up, they suddenly saw a book the size of a house crashing down. Their faces revealed astonishment.
Luo Zheng's complexion changed greatly. He shouted loudly, "Quickly dodge!"
He didn't know how heavy this thing was, but Luo Zheng estimated that it definitely wasn't lighter than a mountain range. It was almost equal to the weight of twenty-three mountains added together. If this time, even Ning Yudie wouldn't be able to escape, let alone Xi Youqin and Su Lingyun.
Fortunately, Ning Yudie's reaction was extremely fast. She gently stretched out her hands and grabbed Xi Youqin and Su Lingyun, one on the left and one on the right. Then, she quickly retreated!
Almost at the same time, the house-sized book directly fell to the ground!
It was unknown what material the ground was made of. When such a heavy thing fell, it didn't even leave a hole. It was as if it was an ordinary book that was thrown on the ground …
However, this immortal mansion had existed for an unknown number of years. If it was made of ordinary stone, how could it withstand the erosion of time? Most likely, it would have already turned into ashes. However, anything that could withstand the erosion of time was definitely not an ordinary object.
Luo Zheng jumped down and stood on the ground. His face revealed a trace of apology.
As for Ning Yudie, she fiercely glared at Luo Zheng. She somewhat blamed Luo Zheng for his recklessness. However, Luo Zheng just now understood that Ning Yudie could hold the two women. Otherwise, he could use the law of time to save the three.
After removing the book from the bookshelf, Luo Zheng walked to the edge of the book and forcefully flipped open the first page of the book.
Just the cover, the weight of the book's weight.
The moment Luo Zheng opened the big book, he saw rows of light golden words appear on the first page.
After Luo Zheng saw these words, his eyes suddenly flashed. Each word gave Luo Zheng a kind of invisible pressure. These words were twisted and distorted, like strange runes. However, Luo Zheng was also knowledgeable. He understood that these runes weren't divine runes, but something else …
After staring at the big book for a while, Luo Zheng's face revealed a trace of a helpless smile. "I don't understand …"
As for Ning Yudie, Xi Youqin, and the others, they also gathered around. Even with Luo Zheng's experience, he couldn't understand the words on the book. In their eyes, it was even more so. How could they understand the slightest bit of it?
It wasn't easy to get a "Kan" Command Token, but it was a Chinese character. Luo Zheng was a bit confused, but after thinking about it carefully, it could be considered normal.
After all, under the development of civilization, there were many different kinds of cultures. Almost every civilization had its own special language. Even those super powerful people couldn't understand all the words.
However, at this moment, on another bookshelf, a big book that was placed horizontally unexpectedly opened by itself. Clouds of smoke rose from the book, and slowly, an amiable-looking old man appeared from within the smoke.
After the old man appeared, he walked towards Luo Zheng. As he walked, the smoke drifted away, as if he was riding on the clouds, giving people a feeling of immortality.
"It's a good book, so why would I open it and read it? I'm afraid you can't even recognize a single word … "The old man said indifferently.
Luo Zheng's face was filled with curiosity as he asked, "Did I open it the wrong way?"
The old man nodded, then said, "Close the book, I'll teach you how to open it …"
In that case, Luo Zheng did as he was told. But when he closed the book, Luo Zheng asked again, "Who are you?"
At this moment, Afo had already rushed over. When he heard Luo Zheng's question, he directly replied, "He's the Book Immortal, a familiar who manages the library." After that, Afo smiled at the Book Immortal and said, "Old man, long time no see!"
The Book Immortal looked at Afo indifferently, but he snorted, as if he was very dissatisfied with Afo, "After so many years, you only opened the library now. Master entrusted you to guard it, let's see how you do it …"
Fu, on the other hand, had a helpless expression on his face. It was not that he was unwilling. It was just that the previous candidates he had looked for were too weak. The third "Mansion Master" had disappeared without even opening the True Path of Extinction. As for the fourth "Mansion Master", Tian Miao, although he had opened the True Path of Extinction, he had only obtained the Zhen Token. He had not passed through the first True Path of Extinction.
The Book Immortal didn't seem to want to argue with Afo. As a familiar of the library, his job was to serve the people who entered the library. He walked up to Luo Zheng and said kindly, "There's a house of gold in a book. Every book has its own universe, look …"
After that, the Book Immortal pointed at the book and a golden spiral pattern appeared on the cover. The Book Immortal slowly said, "Pour your perception into the book and you'll be able to read it. This book is called the Primal Chaos Herding Record. It records the master's travels in the endless chaos …"
Hearing this, Luo Zheng did as the Book Immortal said and poured his perception into the golden pattern. The moment Luo Zheng did so, a huge ball of light suddenly appeared in his mind. As the light slowly dissipated, everything around him began to float rapidly. In Luo Zheng's mind, a strange world appeared!
Standing in the void, Luo Zheng looked around, his eyes full of surprise. "This … is the world recorded in the Primal Chaos Herding Record?"
The world in this book was completely chaotic. Even Luo Zheng himself found it hard to describe this kind of space. It wasn't absolute darkness. There was a faint light in the surroundings, but it was shrouded in layers of gray fog. The surroundings were filled with black and white fog. Luo Zheng had already seen this fog before. It was the Yin and Yang Qi that he had seen on the True Path of Extinction …
"Boom …" A lightning bolt so large that Luo Zheng couldn't understand it streaked across the chaos. "This lightning … contains the power of law. I can't understand it at all!"
The Law of Thunder contained in the lightning bolt was in a perfect state. It was a perfection that Luo Zheng couldn't understand. Compared to this lightning bolt, Luo Zheng couldn't bear to look at the incomplete lightning bolts he had seen before. This wasn't just a comparison of power, but a comparison of the perfection of the Law. Although Luo Zheng couldn't see how many layers of Law the lightning bolt contained, he estimated that it was very likely to be at least ten layers …
Luo Zheng's vision was moving at an extremely high speed. He couldn't control his own vision. It was probably moving along with the vision of the author of the Primal Chaos Herding Record. Luo Zheng could only passively accept the amazing scenes recorded in the book.
After a long time, Luo Zheng withdrew from the book. His eyes were full of shock.
If Luo Zheng's guess was correct, this chaos … was the world outside the universe. What existed outside the universe? What did those grotesque scenes represent?
Luo Zheng didn't look for answers in this book. The author of this book had traveled an unknown distance in the chaos. But outside the chaos, there was still chaos, as if it was an endless world …
＝＝＝＝＝

Chapter 961
Luo Zheng withdrew his perception from the book and found that Ning Yudie, Xi Youqin, and Su Lingyun had also released their perception. They were standing beside the book in a daze. They were probably also wandering in the book …
After a long time, the three girls also withdrew from the book. Their eyes were filled with endless shock.
Like Luo Zheng, they couldn't understand the book. However, the world shown in the book still shocked them. It was as if they had touched upon the truth and origin of the entire world. It was breathtaking.
The Book Immortal seemed very satisfied when he saw their expressions. As the familiar of the library, he had read almost all the books in the library. As the saying goes, sharing with others brings endless joy. Over the years, he had wandered in the ocean of books and read the most exquisite parts. His heart was filled with joy. However, he had no one to share the essence of the book with. It was impossible for him to find someone to recommend a good book. One must know that sharing a good book with others was also endless joy.
Of course, he knew that the people in front of him were shocked by the chaotic world. The Book Immortal was very happy. "This' Chaotic Cloud Herding Record 'is just a drop in the ocean in the library. The things left behind by the previous owner are the essence. If you want to read them one by one, it will take you many years to finish. Come, come, come … I will recommend a few more books to you."
Luo Zheng, Ning Yudie, and Su Lingyun had yearning expressions on their faces. However, Xi Youqin curled her lips and said, "It's just a hazy world. What's so good about it? I don't think the other things are good either! "
"Oh?" The Book Immortal wasn't happy when he heard Xi Youqin's words. It was as if the things he held as a standard were trash in the eyes of others. The Book Immortal couldn't tolerate this and asked, "Little girl, what are you talking about? The collection of books in this Book Collection Pavilion is as vast as the clouds and mist. There will definitely be books that are suitable for you. I will be able to recommend any books that you like! "
Xi Youqin had just flipped through the Primal Chaos Herding Record. Although she was shocked, she didn't like reading books. When she heard that the book immortal was going to recommend books for her, she turned her head and said with a smile, "I'm afraid there aren't any books here that I like to read."
"Hmph!" The Immortal of Books snorted. His amiable face was now filled with defiance. "How can a human kid like you understand the Mansion Master's work? Tell me what you like. If I can't pick one, I'm not worthy of the title 'Immortal of Books'!"
Seeing the Immortal in the Book's displeasure, Luo Zheng said to Xi Youqin, "Youqin, watch your mouth."
Unexpectedly, the Immortal of Books explained to Luo Zheng, "It's okay, it's okay. I'm not angry. I'm just not convinced. Little girl, tell me!"
Xi Youqin blinked her eyes and said with a smile, "I like reading stories about romantic nights. I don't think there are any here …"
Everyone was speechless. Luo Zheng could only shake his head with a bitter smile. Ning Yudie's face was wooden. She had already guessed that Xi Youqin would make some strange request. As for Su Lingyun, she covered her mouth and giggled.
In Xu Ling City, where Xi Youqin lived, there were many scholars. Some of them would write some "leisure stories" when they were free. Although these leisure stories were not presentable, they were circulated among many women. Some of them were extremely emotional and made some women cry.
When she was in the Xi family, when she had nothing to do, she would send some people to buy some articles to pass the time. From this, it could be seen that Xi Youqin did not set aside any time to cultivate martial arts...
As for Ning Yudie and Su Lingyun, one was a Temple Master and the other was a teacher of the Blue Cloud Sect. If they were not busy with cultivation, they were dealing with business. How could they have the time to read these things?
Hearing Xi Youqin's request, the Immortal of Books was stunned. Then, he raised his head and laughed. He said, "Little girl, come with me!"
"There really is one?" Xi Youqin asked.
The Immortal of Books did not answer her question. Instead, he led her to a bookshelf at the side. With a light tap of his finger, a huge book slowly fell from the shelf.
Seeing the Immortal of Books' ability, Luo Zheng's eyebrows suddenly jumped. The Immortal of Books could take the book effortlessly. The weight of this book was equivalent to a mountain range. Yet, he could take it down so easily! This immortal mansion revealed a terrifying strength everywhere. Even a demonic familiar in charge of the library had a strength that Luo Zheng could not imagine.
Under the guidance of the Immortal of Books, Xi Youqin stood in front of the book. Soon, her perception was immersed in the book …
Luo Zheng, Ning Yudie, and Su Lingyun were curious. They followed the Immortal of Books and entered the world inside the book.
After a long time, everyone exited the book.
At this time, Xi Youqin's eyes were filled with tears. Her little nose was still sobbing. Her eyes were immersed in the story inside the book.
Su Lingyun's expression also revealed a mournful expression. She was also moved by the story recorded in the book.
Even Ning Yudie revealed a thoughtful look. In fact, she had immersed herself in the Martial Dao and had never come across such a sentimental story before, so the impact of this story on Ning Yudie should be the greatest. However, her Martial Dao Heart was extremely firm, so although she was moved, it was not to the extent where it was difficult for her to control herself like Xi Youqin.
As for Luo Zheng, his face was full of helplessness. He was confused by the story and did not feel the slightest bit of emotion toward the various bizarre plots recorded in the book.
Xi Youqin sobbed as she threw herself into Luo Zheng's arms. "The woman called Zan Feng in the book is too pitiful. I won't read this kind of story in the future. Huhuhu …"
"Hehe, little girl, do you want to read more?" The Book Immortal's face revealed a complacent expression.
Xi Youqin wiped away her tears. Then, she said in surprise, "Do you have more?"
Seeing Xi Youqin's reaction, Luo Zheng was speechless again.
After the Book Immortal picked a few more books for Xi Youqin, Luo Zheng asked, "Book Immortal, do you know if there are any books related to martial arts in the library?"
Unexpectedly, the Book Immortal chuckled. "As I said, although the name of the library is simple, it is naturally all-encompassing. How can there be no records of these things? Come with me! "
After saying this, the Book Immortal mounted a cloud and led Luo Zheng and the others into the depths of the library. Afo followed behind.
As for Xi Youqin, it was better to let her cry here for a while …
When Luo Zheng mentioned martial arts, Ning Yudie and Su Lingyun's hearts lit up.
Ning Yudie already knew that her Heart Sutra of the Empyrean Fairy was incomplete. What she wanted was to catch up with Luo Zheng in terms of cultivation and strength. But now, it seemed that the gap between her and Luo Zheng was widening. If she could find a suitable martial arts in the library, she would be willing to do so. In fact, Ning Yudie considered Luo Zheng's future more deeply than Xi Youqin's. Xi Youqin understood this through the old man "John Doe". However, Ning Yudie had already made up her mind. After Luo Zheng ascended, she would stay in the Mortal World. Naturally, she didn't want to do so. This was definitely an opportunity for her.
As for Su Lingyun, she didn't have a broad vision, but she only had one goal in her heart. She didn't want to catch up with Luo Zheng, but she wanted to be able to follow behind him.
The interior of the library was astonishingly large. The bookshelves were as big as mountains. As the group walked through the bookshelves, it was as if they were taking a stroll in the mountains. As they walked, the Book Immortal explained, "The first half of the book is the master's masterpiece.
"This side … is a travel book."
"This side … is a poem."
"This side … is a song."
"This side …"
After a long while, the Book Immortal stopped and said, "This is a display of the master's self-created martial arts. All the martial arts on this row of shelves are suitable for women to practice!"

Chapter 962
Hearing Luo Zheng's words, the Book Immortal indifferently smiled.
Luo Zheng revealed a puzzled expression. "What are you laughing at?"
Afo said, "This old fool has read too many books. He likes to act like this."
The Book Immortal snorted at Afo, too lazy to argue with Afo. He said, "The martial skills and cultivation methods in this world don't have a high or low ranking. However, the transcendent divine mights you speak of must involve the laws of karma. These types of cultivation methods are extremely rare, but they still exist …"
Hearing the Book Immortal's words, Luo Zheng asked in his mind, "Qinglong, do all transcendent divine mights involve the laws of karma?"
After obtaining the Black Star Pickaxe, Luo Zheng understood just how powerful the laws of karma were. Luo Zheng himself was still cultivating the Stellar War Body. It was just that Luo Zheng hadn't finished cultivating the first volume of the Stellar War Body. He didn't know if the Stellar War Body contained any powerful laws of karma.
In fact, ever since Luo Zheng stepped into this immortal mansion, Qinglong had been extremely shocked by the variety of things here. However, he had remained silent until now. Hearing Luo Zheng's question, he replied, "You can say that. The vast majority of transcendent divine mights contain the laws of karma. However, because I only obtained the first volume of the Stellar War Body, the laws of karma might be hidden in the second volume …"
"So that's how it is …" Luo Zheng nodded.
The Book Immortal looked at Afo, seemingly dissatisfied with Afo calling him an old fool. He took the initiative to say to Luo Zheng, "I know you want to choose a cultivation method that suits you, but there are far too many cultivation methods here. However, since the Martial House Master built such a large library, he naturally wanted to benefit the future generations. He also explained the method of identification." After saying that, he led Luo Zheng and the others to a row of bookshelves and said, "Two little girls, the cultivation methods on these shelves are suitable for women. Come here."
Ning Yudie and Su Lingyun looked at Luo Zheng. Luo Zheng nodded, and the two girls followed the Book Immortal.
Then, the Book Immortal pointed at the ground, and a circle of light appeared on the ground. Within the circle of light, there were thin lines that shot out along the edges of the circle. "Which girl will come in first?"
Ning Yudie's eyes flashed, and then she stepped into the circle of light.
The moment Ning Yudie stepped into the circle of light, the entire bookshelf began to tremble, and the mountain-like bookshelf began to shake like an earthquake.
"Rumble …"
Under the shaking, all the books on the bookshelf began to emit a faint golden light. After a while, a large book on the top of the bookshelf automatically came out and slowly descended in front of Ning Yudie.
The Book Immortal glanced at it, then laughed and said, "Your luck is quite good. This is the Azure Frost Mystic Ice Spirit. When this cultivation method is cultivated to the later stages, it also contains the laws of karma. It can be considered the transcendent divine might that Luo Zheng spoke of, right?" The Book Immortal's words were filled with disdain towards this so-called transcendent divine might …
Hearing this, Luo Zheng only faintly smiled. Although this Book Immortal liked to show off, he was actually a good person. After all, according to Qinglong, a transcendent divine might was a top cultivation method in the universe. For Ning Yudie to obtain a transcendent divine might, that could be considered her destiny.
"Azure Frost Mystic Ice Spirit …" Ning Yudie's face revealed a trace of excitement. "Is it very fierce?"
The Book Immortal looked at Ning Yudie faintly and said, "You cultivated the 《Nine Heavens Fairy Heart Sutra》 in the early stage and scattered your cultivation nine times, which indeed laid a good foundation for you, but this 《Nine Heavens Fairy Heart Sutra》 is not a good book, and it is not easy to complete it. If you switch to the 《Blue Frost Mysterious Ice Spirit Sutra》, it will naturally be ten times or even a hundred times better. This old man's words are not accurate, you can enter the book and read it."
Ning Yudie nodded. No matter what, ever since she entered the immortal mansion, everything she saw was so extraordinary that Ning Yudie found it hard to understand. How could the cultivation methods hidden in the library be simple?
Thus, she immersed her perception into the Azure Frost Mystic Ice Spirit Sutra. After an incense stick of time, Ning Yudie withdrew from the book. Her face revealed an excited expression. She grabbed Luo Zheng's hand and said, "Husband, this cultivation method …"
"What's wrong with this cultivation method?" Luo Zheng asked with a smile.
"This cultivation method is simply tailor-made for me! Moreover, the mysteries within it are too mystical … I, I … "As the Cloud Hall's Hall Master, what kind of major event had she not experienced? In the Cloud Hall, no matter how big of a matter her subordinates reported, Ning Yudie's expression was indifferent and cold. But at this time, she was too excited and couldn't control her emotions.
Luo Zheng was also curious. What kind of cultivation method was this Azure Frost Mystic Ice Spirit Sutra? Why did it cause Ning Yudie to be so excited?
After a while, Ning Yudie's mood finally calmed down. Just like the immortal in the book said, the Empyrean Fairy Sutra she cultivated actually built a solid foundation for her. If she wanted to have a big breakthrough, cultivating the Azure Frost Mystic Ice Spirit Sutra was the most suitable.
Seeing that Ning Yudie's mood slowly calmed down, Luo Zheng asked with a smile, "You haven't told me yet. What's wrong with you?"
Ning Yudie smiled and snorted, "If I cultivate this cultivation method, I'm afraid I'll surpass you, husband!"
Luo Zheng laughed and said self-deprecatingly, "Then I'll have to work harder!"
While they were talking, Su Lingyun also had a result. A big book slowly descended and landed beside her. Compared to Ning Yudie, Su Lingyun was more indifferent about the cultivation method she chose. She got a wind attribute cultivation method.
However, Su Lingyun's expression was indifferent, but her determination was no less than Ning Yudie's. In the Eastern Domain, whether it was resources or cultivation methods, they couldn't be compared with the Central Domain. She could only work harder to catch up.
Now that the two women had chosen their cultivation methods, it was Luo Zheng's turn.
The cultivation methods on this row of bookshelves were suitable for women to cultivate. Since Luo Zheng chose his cultivation method, the immortal in the book continued to lead Luo Zheng into the depths of the library.
When they arrived at another row of bookshelves, the immortal in the book drew a circle on the ground and said to Luo Zheng, "You go in too."
Luo Zheng nodded and stepped into the circle of light. Soon, the entire bookshelf began to tremble again!
"Rumble …"
In the beginning, the process was quite normal. When the bookshelf rumbled, a book emerged from the second row of the bookshelf.
The immortal in the book smiled faintly and said to Luo Zheng, "Not bad. It seems that the 《Qian Kun Sword Controlling Art》 has chosen you …" However, as soon as the immortal in the book finished speaking, half of a big book slowly moved out of the bookshelf.
"Huh?"
"Huh?"
At this moment, the immortal in the book and Afo were both surprised.
Originally, there were no restrictions on entering the library to choose books. Luo Zheng had already chosen a cultivation technique, and if he wanted to choose a few more, it wouldn't be much of a problem.
However, the immortal in the book had the ability to choose the most suitable cultivation method for the person who chose the book. Under normal circumstances, only one book would appear, but now it seemed that two cultivation methods suitable for Luo Zheng had appeared at the same time.
"Two cultivation methods appearing at the same time, this is rare, but it's not unheard of." The immortal in the book's surprise disappeared in an instant, and a faint smile appeared on his face.
However, as soon as he finished speaking, the third book on the bookshelf began to move slowly, revealing half of it. It seemed that it was going to fall from the bookshelf.
"The third book …" The immortal in the book's face revealed a surprised expression.
Afo frowned and asked, "Old fool, is there a problem with your secret method? How can three cultivation methods appear at the same time? "
The immortal in the book's secret method was to help warriors choose the "most" suitable cultivation method. The word "most" meant that there was only one cultivation method. As for the occasional appearance of two cultivation methods, it could be a coincidence that a warrior's ability in two aspects was almost equal. Now that three cultivation methods had appeared, Afo suspected that there was a problem with the immortal's secret method.
However, as soon as Afo finished speaking, the fourth book, the fifth book, the sixth book …

Chapter 963
Each book was thirty feet tall, and the entire bookshelf was like a mountain. It was at least ten thousand feet tall, and there were about three hundred layers in this huge bookshelf. Each book was placed vertically, and the horizontal space was even larger. Therefore, there were probably tens of thousands of books in just one bookshelf.
Now, these huge books seemed to be falling from the bookshelf …
One book was as heavy as a mountain, and ten thousand books were as heavy as ten thousand mountains. What kind of concept was this?
The Book Immortal reached out and caught some of the falling books, but as more and more books fell, the Book Immortal found it hard to withstand.
"Whoosh whoosh whoosh …"
Luo Zheng grabbed Su Lingyun, and Ning Yudie, the Book Immortal, and Afo all retreated.
After they retreated, the Book Immortal also retreated. The bookshelf was empty, and the books, as big as houses, were piled up into a pile. It really was a "mountain of books."
"Old fool, I told you there was a problem with your secret method, but you didn't believe me!" Afo shook his head.
The Book Immortal stared blankly at the "mountain of books," and didn't speak for a long time. Finally, he said, "No, it's not …"
"What's not?" Fu said unhappily when he saw the Book Immortal's dazed look. The Book Immortal was a familiar that served its master. Now that Luo Zheng had finally obtained the "Kan" token, the Book Immortal seemed to have been in the library for too long and had become even more dazed. Luo Zheng's plan had been ruined.
The Book Immortal murmured, "No, I can feel … their cries. These techniques should be suitable for Luo Zheng to practice."
When Fu heard the Book Immortal's words, he was shocked. "That's impossible!"
In the end, a martial artist's cultivation had their strengths and weaknesses. In this world, many martial artists were very outstanding in certain aspects, but they would also have considerable weaknesses!
For example, when Luo Zheng first comprehended the power of law, he was biased towards the law of space. However, after the baptism of the law, his affinity with all the power of law had reached the highest level. Even so, it was impossible to attract all the cultivation methods on the entire bookshelf.
This was because there were quite a few cultivation methods that weren't divided into attributes and didn't require one to cultivate in Laws. For example, there were some cultivation methods that cultivated the soul that only required the strength of one's soul.
In that case, there was only one explanation. Luo Zheng was very balanced in every aspect. He had almost no shortcomings.
But even so, it was impossible to attract so many martial arts manuals. Even if there were no shortcomings, one could still pick out a certain advantage. Otherwise, how could it be considered as the "best"?
No matter how confused Afo and the Book Immortal were, it was the truth. Choosing a cultivation method this way had almost caused a disaster. They were speechless.
As for Luo Zheng, he walked towards the mountain of books with a helpless smile on his face. "What should I do? Which one should I cultivate? "
One shouldn't bite off more than they could chew. The more cultivation methods there were, the better. Luo Zheng naturally understood this principle. The Book Immortal's secret method was indeed good. It could help a martial artist choose the best cultivation method. Unfortunately, it was useless for Luo Zheng …
Ning Yudie walked beside Luo Zheng and joked, "Husband, you can cultivate all of them!"
Luo Zheng rolled his eyes. It would be great if he could cultivate all of them. Just as the Book Immortal said, the law of causality was nothing in his eyes. Every cultivation method here was good, but it would take too much time. Of course, Luo Zheng knew that Ning Yudie was just joking.
However, when Luo Zheng looked over, he saw that there was still a book on the side of the bookshelf!
That book was also three feet tall and two feet wide. It was just that the book was very thin. Previously, there were tens of thousands of books densely packed on the bookshelves, so no one had noticed this book. Now that all the books had fallen, it was very conspicuous as it was placed alone in the corner.
Luo Zheng looked up, and Ning Yudie followed suit. At the same time, she said in surprise, "Hey, why is there still a book on the shelf? This book is very noble. It doesn't want to let husband learn it!"
The Book Immortal and Afo also noticed the book. Afo asked, "Old fool, what cultivation method is that?"
The Book Immortal looked at it with a strange expression, "Strange, I've never seen this book before!"
"You've stayed in the library for so many years, and you call yourself the Book Immortal. Didn't you say that you've read all the books in the library? Is there a book you don't know about? "Afo questioned.
The Book Immortal also had an innocent expression. As the Tamed Demon of the library, his lifespan was close to unlimited. He had too much time, enough for him to read all the books in the library back and forth tens of thousands of times …
Although there were many books in the library, it could be said that he had read all of them at least tens of thousands of times!
However, he had never seen this book before. This was indeed a very strange thing, and there was even a trace of strangeness in it.
Luo Zheng, on the other hand, leaped into the air and landed on a row of bookshelves.
This book was located on the twentieth row of the bookshelf. Luo Zheng flew up to a height of more than six thousand feet and stood firmly on the huge bookshelf. He then walked towards the only book that didn't fall on the ground.
As for Ning Yudie and Su Lingyun, they also flew up slowly, following behind Luo Zheng. The Book Immortal and Afo also flew up impatiently.
After reaching the end of the bookshelf, Luo Zheng looked at it …
This huge book was quite different from the other books. The other huge books had a faint spiral rune on the surface. After the Book Immortal activated the rune, he could directly inject his perception into it, and easily read it.
However, this huge book in front of him didn't seem to be able to be examined in this way.
Thinking of this, Luo Zheng walked up and grabbed a corner of the book's cover. Since he couldn't use his perception to examine it, Luo Zheng would open the huge book himself!
After grabbing it, the book didn't move at all.
Luo Zheng frowned slightly, and the power of the dragon scales erupted. The power of two thousand dragon scales!
Still, it didn't move at all!
Three thousand …
Four thousand …
Five thousand …
This thin book still didn't move at all.
It was as if this book couldn't be opened halfway, as if it was a fake book with an empty shell.
"I'll do it!"
"I'll do it!"
Afo and the Book Immortal were definitely stronger than Luo Zheng, but Luo Zheng was now taking control of the Immortal's Mansion step by step, so he could be considered their actual master.
The two didn't fight over it, but instead used their strength together, trying to open this huge book of unknown origin!
However, with their combined strength, this huge book didn't move at all.
"Old fool, tell me what's going on!" Afo said unhappily. He was curious, but at the same time, he couldn't do anything about this book, so he was definitely unhappy.
The Book Immortal shook his head. "I couldn't find the answer in the vast knowledge left by my master, as well as in all kinds of memoirs. I don't know either!" From the beginning, the Book Immortal had been trying to find the answer in his memories.
He had read every book in this library tens of thousands of times. It could be said that he could easily pick out any book, and he could recite it fluently. It was a very simple task. However, in his memories, his master had never mentioned this book. Could it be that this book was too important, so he hid it here?
"There must be some kind of camouflage in this book. My master probably didn't want others to find this book. If I'm right, there must be a seal on this book. With our strength, I'm afraid it's wishful thinking to open this book." The Book Immortal finally came to this conclusion.
Luo Zheng stared at this book, but in his heart, he was thinking of a way to break the seal. In fact, the books in the mountain below were enough for Luo Zheng to practice.
However, humans were like this. Luo Zheng had been offered over ten thousand cultivation techniques, yet he had not chosen one. Right now, there was only one cultivation technique that had not shown any signs of activity. Luo Zheng's curiosity rose in his heart. Regardless of whether this thing recorded any cultivation technique, he just wanted to open this unique book and take a look!
(Thank you Bian Qin for the 1K reading coins tip! ^ _ ^)
＝＝＝＝＝

Chapter 964
Luo Zheng walked up and looked around. There wasn't anything special about this book. It was just a page thicker than a normal huge book and the color of the cover was a bit lighter.
The surface of the huge book in front of him was dark red.
Looking closely, he could see a thin layer of energy quietly flowing on the surface of this book.
"What is this?" Luo Zheng stared at the layer of energy on the surface and asked.
The book immortal shook his head and said, "It's just a layer of dust avoidance spell. Although I clean this library every day, there will always be some dust accumulation. Master used a lot of dust avoidance spells in here …"
Fu also circled the book a few times, then shook his head and said, "I know my master's personality. Under normal circumstances, he wouldn't leave these unsolvable puzzles. Even if he did, he wouldn't leave them in the library."
Hearing this, Luo Zheng asked, "Where is the master of this immortal mansion now?"
Even the puppet he created could live forever. One could imagine how powerful the master of this immortal mansion was. But where was the first master of this immortal mansion?
"Master went to the depths of the chaos and never came back," Afo murmured.
"The depths of the primordial chaos …" Luo Zheng suddenly thought of the Primordial Chaos Herding Cloud Record. The primordial chaos was almost boundless. He didn't know how many years had passed since he'd explored it, but it was already an unimaginable existence.
The book immortal was in deep thought.
He was a tamed demon of the library. It was a great humiliation for a book immortal to have something he didn't know about in the library! After all, he had stayed in the library for so many years. He couldn't just live like a dog!
After thinking for a long time, the book immortal said slowly, "This book is placed here. Naturally, it's a cultivation method that can be practiced."
"Nonsense," Afo said angrily.
The Book Immortal shook his head. "Master has collected countless cultivation techniques throughout his life. Moreover, he has learned and mastered all of them. He has taken all of them for his own use …"
When Luo Zheng heard the Book Immortal's words, a look of surprise appeared on his face. "Do you mean that he has practiced all of these cultivation methods?"
The Book Immortal replied, "More than that. There are more than ten thousand types of cultivation methods in the library. With Master's talent, he can master one of these Cultivation Methods in a day. This is a piece of cake for him. "
Luo Zheng was shocked. This kind of talent was probably so powerful that he couldn't understand it.
"However, in the ten thousand years before my master left, he had been worrying about one thing," the Immortal from the Book said.
Luo Zheng's eyes flickered slightly. "Such an almighty being is equivalent to an omnipotent existence. How can there be anything that requires him to work hard?"
The Immortal in the Book nodded. "Master is very resourceful. There are very few things in the world that can trouble him. However, he has spent 10,000 years doing one thing. He wants to absorb the chaos into his body and use it for himself!"
"Using the Chaos for his own use?" Luo Zheng's expression was once again filled with shock.
The Dantian of a warrior was the purest place!
It could be placed into the Dantian, such as Cultivation Methods and treasures, and used as a Sumeru Space.
However, the inner world formed in the dantian was still formed from the purest Quintessential Essence. Just like Feng Nianyun's inner world, the island, the vast Quintessential Essence sea, the lightning, and all the living beings were formed from Quintessential Essence.
On the other hand, Vital Essence was scattered all over the human body, including the five viscera and six bowels, muscles and tendons. These two kinds of energy did not interfere with each other. Even if Vital Essence could not be placed into the Dantian, how could the Chaos be absorbed into the body?
The Book Immortal nodded and said, "Yes. Master speculated that the Chaos is a kind of Origin Power. The Yin and Yang Qi also evolved from the Chaos. The Yin and Yang Qi evolved into the Four Symbols … Everything in the world is from the Chaos. Since the Qi of Heaven and Earth is also evolved from the Chaos, why can't the Chaos be a kind of Vital Essence?"
Luo Zheng was silent. It could only be said that the Book Immortal's thinking was on a much higher level than Luo Zheng's. Although he understood that the Book Immortal's deduction made some sense, which creature in the world would dare to do so? Most importantly, the Chaos was something outside the world. Perhaps even a Celestial Master could not escape the world and enter the Chaos.
"I found some information in a memoir left behind by my master. He did verify his method and compiled a cultivation method. However, this cultivation method seemed to have some restrictions and he couldn't practice it himself," said the immortal in the book. "I suspect that this cultivation method is recorded in this book …"
The Book Immortal had read all the books in the Book Pavilion. He could also recite the words left behind by the Immortal Mansion's owner. This deduction was indeed logical.
Even Afo, who had never trusted the Book Immortal, nodded. "Perhaps this is the method Master found. Unfortunately, this Cultivation Method does not seem to be able to be opened."
Luo Zheng looked at the Book Immortal, his curiosity growing.
To be honest, Luo Zheng did not lack Cultivation Methods. Moreover, in the past, Luo Zheng had not been given enough time to comprehend Cultivation Methods. Even now, Luo Zheng had not fully comprehended some Cultivation Methods. For instance, the Cultivation Method left behind by the Blood Demon Great Emperor and the Stellar Battle Body. Luo Zheng had only cultivated them to the second level …
However, Luo Zheng would eventually ascend to the higher realms. To be able to obtain the inheritance of the Immortal Mansion was also Luo Zheng's destiny. In the future, he would not be facing the geniuses of the boundless universe, but the geniuses of the 100,000 great worlds. Whether it was quantity or quality, they would all rise by an order of magnitude.
The Stellar Battle Body was an incomplete Transcendent Divine Might. Luo Zheng would certainly devote himself to cultivating it, but an incomplete Transcendent Divine Might had its flaws. For instance, Ning Yudie's Heart Sutra of the Nine Heavens was an incomplete Cultivation Method. She had encountered a bottleneck in her cultivation. Thus, choosing a Cultivation Method this time was extremely important to Luo Zheng.
Luo Zheng did not know what Cultivation Method the Mansion Master had written, but as the Book Immortal had said, if this Cultivation Method was so mystical, Luo Zheng would certainly want to take a look. However, whether or not he could cultivate it was another matter.
The key problem was that he could not open this Cultivation Method …
Strength alone might not be able to open it, but what if he used the Black Star Pickaxe?
Thinking of this, Luo Zheng took out the Black Star Pickaxe. He wanted to use the Black Star Pickaxe to crush the cover of this Cultivation Method.
Seeing this, Afo and the Book Immortal's expressions changed. In an instant, Afo grabbed Luo Zheng's hand. "Please don't!"
The Book Immortal also quickly said, "Master hates it when others destroy his Cultivation Method. The Causality Law of the Pickaxe in your hand is indeed extraordinary, but if you want to crush the cover of this Cultivation Method, that is wishful thinking. Not to mention, if you really destroy this Cultivation Method, it will trigger the Cultivation Method of the Cultivation Method of the Cultivation Method Pavilion. That will be a big problem …"
Seeing the reaction of the two, Luo Zheng's eyes flashed. He was really helpless. Let alone cultivating the Cultivation Method of this Cultivation Method, he couldn't even open the Cultivation Method of this Cultivation Method.
However, at this moment, Su Lingyun, who was not far behind him, blinked her bright eyes and said, "This bookshelf … seems to have undergone some changes."
"Changed? Where did it change? "Afo asked.
Su Lingyun pointed at her feet. Everyone lowered their heads and looked over. They saw faint imprints under their feet. They seemed to be footprints …
These footprints were extremely faint. Coupled with the fact that the bookshelf was completely black, the crowd did not notice them at first. However, Su Lingyun had unintentionally noticed these footprints when she was looking around.
"Footprints! Where did these footprints come from? "Afo looked at the footprints and asked.
The Book Immortal's expression was strange. "I have cleaned every row of bookshelves countless times. I have never seen these footprints before!"
"Why else would I call you an idiot?" Afo rolled her eyes.
"Afo, how big is the Palace Master?" Luo Zheng looked at the footprints and asked.
Afo replied, "Master's body is huge. Although he can control his size, he is usually the same height as these bookshelves."

Chapter 965
The mansion master's body was enormous, so he naturally couldn't have left these footprints behind. He must've done it on purpose!
"Why would he leave such a trail of footprints?" Afo asked curiously. "And the size of these footprints is exactly the same as a human's … Perhaps Master has already divined this day!"
No matter what, after the Myriad Books Chime, this special technique, and this path … No matter how one looked at it, it didn't seem like a coincidence, but a special arrangement.
"I think so too. With Master's great divine abilities, he can predict everything in the world. He should've been able to predict something like this!" The immortal agreed with Afo. "Master must've known in advance that Luo Zheng would one day step into the library! That's why he made this arrangement. No wonder I was able to detect Master's arrangements? Heh heh! "The immortal took the opportunity to console himself.
No …
Luo Zheng naturally didn't doubt the abilities of the mansion's master. For someone who transcended the universe, no matter how great their divine abilities were, it wouldn't be an exaggeration.
However, the old man from the Demi-Immortal Clan and Yun Luo had already told him that he was a Fateless One. His fate couldn't be divined by anyone in the universe. Even Daoist Tian Miao's divination of his fate was fake.
Thinking about it, there were only two explanations. Either the mansion's master's abilities had reached a certain level, such that even Luo Zheng, as a Fateless One, could predict his fate, or it was just a coincidence …
Right now, it didn't matter. The most important thing was to open the book!
With this thought in mind, Luo Zheng dashed towards the other end of the bookshelf. The faint footprints extended from the center of the bookshelf all the way to the end of the bookshelf, right in front of the huge book.
Luo Zheng stepped in, moving along the bookshelf's footprints.
To his surprise, as soon as Luo Zheng's feet touched the bookshelf, he felt an enormous gravitational force. It was as if his feet were welded to the bookshelf, making it difficult for him to lift his feet!
"This …" Luo Zheng frowned. He tried to erupt with vital essence and lift his feet …
However, just the eruption of Vital Essence did not cause the slightest movement. The force on his feet was shockingly strong, but he did not move at all!
Seeing that Luo Zheng couldn't move, Book Immortal, Afo, and the three girls all gathered around.
"Can't you walk?" Afo stared at Luo Zheng's legs and asked.
Luo Zheng nodded and said with a smile, "It's okay. I can walk!"
Luo Zheng was very confident in his own strength. Gritting his teeth, Luo Zheng instantly activated the power of 3000 dragon scales. After brewing for a while, he lifted his legs!
Still, he did not move an inch!
"This …" Luo Zheng sucked in a breath of cold air. He didn't expect the gravitational force of the footprints to be so strong. But then, an unconvinced expression appeared on his face.
Four thousand …
Five thousand pieces …
Even though Luo Zheng had raised his strength to the limit, his feet still didn't move an inch!
Luo Zheng's eyes flashed. He didn't expect that it would be so difficult to walk along the footprints. He couldn't even move a single step.
The power of 5000 dragon scales was already close to Luo Zheng's limit. Just now, when he poured this power into his legs and tried to pull them up, he felt a burning sensation in his legs. If he used more strength, his legs would probably break.
"If I can't pull them out, won't I be nailed to these footprints for the rest of my life?" Thinking of this, Luo Zheng tried to retreat.
Unexpectedly, as he retreated, his feet were lifted up easily. Because he used too much strength, Luo Zheng staggered back a few steps and almost fell to the ground.
After steadying himself, Luo Zheng looked at the footprints. His eyes gradually calmed down.
At this time, Book Immortal said, "Hehe, it's in line with Master's usual style. Although I don't know why Master set it up like this, we'll understand what he means by 'difficult to advance and easy to retreat'!"
Difficult to advance and easy to retreat …
Although it was extremely difficult to advance, it was extremely easy to retreat. This principle was simple, but how many people in history could actually do it? Most people understood this principle, but when it came to a critical moment, they would still retreat in the face of difficulties.
Thinking of this, Luo Zheng's eyes flickered. His eyes were filled with determination. He stepped on the footprints again!
The three women didn't say anything.
They knew that they shouldn't say anything now, but they were still slightly worried.
On the other hand, Xi Youqin looked at Luo Zheng in a daze. She was extremely happy with Luo Zheng's serious expression. At this time, men were the most charming.
Luo Zheng's feet were once again firmly glued to the footprints. Since the Palace Master had set up such a path, it was impossible for it to be completely unbreakable. This time, Luo Zheng was fully prepared. First, he relaxed his body. Then, he took a deep breath!
Since five thousand dragon scales couldn't move his feet, then he would use six thousand dragon scales!
After breaking through the Life and Death realm, Luo Zheng's cultivation base had increased, and the amount of dragon scales he could bear had also increased. However, when he reached the limit of 6000 dragon scales, his body had reached its limit!
Under this sudden increase in size, bloody wounds appeared on his body again.
"Puff, puff, puff …"
Three bloody wounds appeared on Luo Zheng's chest and back. Blood shot out like arrows.
"Rise!"
Luo Zheng tried to lift one of his feet.
"It still doesn't work …"
"Six thousand one hundred dragon scales!"
"Puff!"
The fourth bloody wound appeared.
"Rise again!"
His feet still didn't move.
"Six thousand two hundred dragon scales!"
"Puff!"
Still didn't move …
"Six thousand three hundred dragon scales …"
Six thousand four hundred dragon scales …
Six thousand five hundred dragon scales …
Six thousand six hundred dragon scales …
As the power continued to increase, more and more bloody wounds appeared on Luo Zheng's body.
The Book Immortal's face revealed a strange expression. "Where did this kid get such a powerful power? This power has already surpassed the limit of his body … "
Afo shook his head, his expression indifferent.
As for the three girls, their hearts were filled with more and more worry. They resisted the urge to say anything! Su Lingyun's heart was also filled with regret. If she had known earlier, she wouldn't have reminded him about the footprints on the ground. But then again, even if she hadn't said anything, Luo Zheng would have found out sooner or later.
"Six thousand seven hundred dragon scales! Rise! "
This time, Luo Zheng finally kicked his right foot! The moment his right foot stepped out, it took a step forward and firmly sucked on the footprints in front of him.
Luo Zheng forcibly held back this power and lifted his left foot!
"Step forward!"
Because the power was suppressing all the blood vessels in Luo Zheng's body, the small blood vessels in his eyes burst one after another. Therefore, his eyes looked completely red, as if they were bloodshot!
One step …
Two steps …
Three steps …
In fact, Luo Zheng could display his strongest combat strength by keeping it at five thousand dragon scales. If he forcibly raised it to six thousand dragon scales, his body would be close to its limit. Just suppressing the violent power in his body would give Luo Zheng a headache!
Therefore, Luo Zheng's speed was extremely fast. He was half as fast as an ordinary person's walking speed. It was as if he was walking while carrying a mountain!
Four steps, five steps, six steps …
With each step, Luo Zheng's body would burst open with a bloody wound. At the same time, a blood arrow would shoot out from his clothes.
One of the blood arrows shot toward Su Lingyun. Fortunately, Ning Yudie reacted quickly. She waved her hand and an ice crystal shield blocked the blood arrow. The power of the blood arrow alone made a dent in the ice crystal shield condensed by Ning Yudie. Looking at the dent on the shield, Ning Yudie's eyes were filled with horror.
What kind of terrifying power was Luo Zheng's body …
Su Lingyun stretched out her hand and touched the dent on the ice crystal shield. When the blood arrow hit the ice crystal shield, it was frozen by the cold air. Touching the blood mark, Su Lingyun was stunned and speechless.
Seven steps, eight steps, nine steps …
The limit …
Luo Zheng suddenly exhaled. That breath was also stained with Luo Zheng's blood. It spurted out a red mist — his internal organs couldn't withstand this powerful force and were injured.
"Huchi, huchi …"

Chapter 966
At this moment, Xi Youqin took the initiative to step forward. She took out a white silk handkerchief and wiped the sweat off Luo Zheng's face.
After wiping twice, the handkerchief was already soaked with sweat and blood!
Xi Youqin winked at Luo Zheng and gently wiped his face. She smiled and said, "Good luck!"
Compared to Ning Yudie and Su Lingyun, Xi Youqin wasn't too worried. Or rather, she didn't think too much about it. On the contrary, she admired Luo Zheng's struggling appearance the most. This was the time when a man was most charming.
Luo Zheng nodded and prepared to take out the elixir. However, Ning Yudie had already prepared a milky white elixir and handed it to him.
After receiving it from Ning Yudie, he swallowed it. The elixir from the Cloud Hall was naturally not bad. Moreover, although Luo Zheng's injuries looked terrible, they weren't that serious. Moreover, Luo Zheng's recovery speed was far beyond that of ordinary people. Under the stimulation of the elixir, Luo Zheng's wounds quickly healed. After the time it took for an incense stick to burn, other than the tears on his clothes caused by the blood arrows, he was completely healed!
At this moment, Luo Zheng finally figured out what was going on with these footprints. Not to mention Luo Zheng, even if those almighty experts of the Divine Ocean Realm or the Ultimate Divine Realm personally stepped on this path, their situation would probably be the same as his!
This path should be a test of Luo Zheng's extreme strength. Only by squeezing himself to the limit could he move forward on this path!
Retreat? That was easy. He could easily leave by taking a step back. However, all his previous efforts would be wasted!
"The thing I'm least afraid of is a test!" Although looking at the distance of several thousand steps ahead of him, Luo Zheng still felt a little dizzy. However, he didn't have the slightest intention of retreating.
"Go!"
The majestic power of the dragon scale once again poured into Luo Zheng's body. As arrows of blood shot out, he once again took a step forward.
This time, Luo Zheng took ten steps. The price he paid was twelve wounds on his body.
Just as he stopped, Ning Yudie had already decisively stuffed a pill into Luo Zheng's mouth. At this time, Ning Yudie said softly, "I still have 40 Snow Jade Muscle Pills. In addition to this, I also have 50 Rejuvenation Pills. However, there are about 3000 footprints …"
Ning Yudie was worried that these pills wouldn't be enough to support Luo Zheng to cross this path.
Hearing Ning Yudie's words, Xi Youqin quickly checked her own Sumeru Ring and smiled in embarrassment. Although her Sumeru Space was neatly stacked with many things, most of them were clothes of various styles and some other things. As for pills, there was not a single one.
Su Lingyun said, "I still have some elixirs here …"
Ning Yudie's eyes flashed, "Those pills of yours are useless."
Su Lingyun's face reddened. Naturally, the pills she had couldn't compare with the pills of the Cloud Hall's Hall Master. The best pill Su Lingyun had was only grade five. As for the pills in Ning Yudie's hands, they were grade seven and grade eight pills. In the Central Domain, they were the best pills. Just one pill alone was probably equivalent to the annual expenses of the Blue Cloud Sect.
"It's all the same! I can get through it. Besides, I still have some spare pills! "Luo Zheng smiled faintly.
The Book Immortal didn't say anything, but Afo shook his head and said, "It's a pity that the alchemy room hasn't been opened yet. I can't get the pills for you this time! But then again, the alchemy furnace in the alchemy room has been brewing for countless years. I remember that when the master left, there was a furnace of pills that hadn't been refined. I don't know how the alchemy room is doing now … "
Hearing this, Luo Zheng smiled. Generally speaking, the longer the alchemy, the better. In fact, if the alchemy room was brewed for too long, the furnace might explode.
However, the power of the master of the Immortal Mansion was naturally incomparable. If he could open the alchemy room in the future, he would benefit immensely.
Of course, this wasn't something he wanted to do at this stage. There was still a difficult road ahead of him!
Luo Zheng didn't stop for too long. When the wounds on his body had just healed, he took a deep breath and activated the power of more than six thousand dragon scales. He continued to move forward!
As he moved forward, the path behind him was filled with dense bloodstains. As for the white robe on his body, it was already riddled with holes. After being completely dyed red, it was a pure blood-stained robe!
Luo Zheng had no choice but to change his robe. However, after less than a hundred steps, it was also covered in blood.
After a full two hours, Luo Zheng finally reached the middle of the bookshelf. The Book Immortal couldn't help but shake his head. "This test set by the master is too cruel."
Afo also agreed. "Even if the master wanted to test Luo Zheng's limit, he didn't need to set so many footprints … One or two hundred steps are enough. Why bother with three thousand steps? Ordinary warriors can't bear it at all!"
As long as one was willing to grit their teeth, everyone could fight to the limit. Especially when between life and death, warriors could often display extraordinary potential. The problem was that in these thousands of steps, almost every step had to uncover one's limit. This was too much of a test of one's willpower.
Although Luo Zheng had already walked half the distance, they doubted whether Luo Zheng could bear it.
Luo Zheng's face was getting paler and paler …
Even if Luo Zheng had the body of a saint tool, and even if Luo Zheng had many high-grade pills to heal himself, the blood in his body was not infinite. Along the way, he had lost count of how much blood he had spurted out. He felt more and more tired, and his legs felt like they were filled with lead. Even with the support of the dragon scale's power, he found it difficult to take another step.
One thousand seven hundred steps …
But he had already walked more than half the distance. It would be a pity to give up now. Luo Zheng was so tired that he didn't even bother to think. In front of him were only the shallow footprints.
The remaining footprints extended to the front of the huge book. Each of the footprints looked like a demon, mocking Luo Zheng on the ground.
Even if he gritted his teeth, Luo Zheng was still weak. This was the manifestation of his strength being exhausted …
"Huchi, huchi …" Standing in place, Luo Zheng's eyes were a little sluggish.
Ning Yudie and Su Lingyun looked at Luo Zheng's appearance and felt very distressed. But other than encouraging Luo Zheng, they didn't know how to help him.
At this moment, Xi Youqin walked forward with light steps and hugged Luo Zheng. The blood on his body hadn't dried yet, and it soaked her chest red. Xi Youqin sniffed, and a sweet fishy smell rushed into her nose. She said, "What a strong smell of blood!"
"What are you doing?" Luo Zheng was almost leaning on Xi Youqin's body.
"Nothing, I'm just encouraging you!" Xi Youqin said with a smile.
Luo Zheng smiled, "Are you afraid that I'll give up?"
Xi Youqin shook her head, but her face was full of confidence, "Of course not. How could my husband give up so easily?"
In the depths of Xi Youqin's heart, there was still a big grudge against the Dual Cultivation Ceremony in the Cloud Hall. It was just that she didn't show it. She was thinking about holding an even grander Dual Cultivation Ceremony with Luo Zheng when she went to the Upper Realm in the future. She wanted to invite all the almighty figures in the universe. They had to be people with a reputation, like "Nameless" and "Indefinite". Not only that, she wanted to invite all the Celestial Venerables!
That Dual Cultivation Ceremony would definitely be a thousand times, ten thousand times grander than the one he and Ning Yudie had …
She only knew about the title of Celestial Venerables after she became Indefinite Old Man's disciple. In fact, she didn't realize what kind of person a Celestial Venerate was. If the creatures in the Upper Realm heard about it, they would probably be scared out of their wits.
"Of course I won't give up!"
After resting for a while, Luo Zheng started walking again.
Although there was no danger on this road, this was probably the most strenuous test Luo Zheng had ever taken. After all, with every step, Luo Zheng had to squeeze his limits. There were more than 3,000 footprints here, and Luo Zheng had to squeeze himself 3,000 times.
Even if it was a holy weapon, under such repeated squeezing, it would probably become slag …
＝＝＝＝＝

Chapter 967
Luo Zheng always believed that the more effort he put in, the more he would get in return!
However, if he reached the end and found out that it was just a prank left by the Mansion Master, Luo Zheng would accept it!
He had always been lucky, but it was impossible for a person to have a smooth journey all the way. Luo Zheng knew that, so he could only hold on to the belief in his heart and keep moving forward.
However, this path could only be described with the word "tragic".
In the second half of the journey, Luo Zheng rested longer and longer, and it became more and more difficult for him to move forward. He spent most of his time resting!
The good thing was that there was no time limit on this path. After two thousand steps, Luo Zheng's rest time was calculated in hours.
After two thousand five hundred steps, Luo Zheng rested for one day and one night for every one hundred steps he took!
The patience of the three women was naturally very good. In any case, being able to follow their husband was a happy thing for them. It was the same wherever they were.
As for Afo and the Book Immortal, they had been in this world for too long … For them, this little bit of time was like the blink of an eye!
One hundred steps a day.
It took Luo Zheng seven days to complete the remaining seven hundred steps!
After seven days, Luo Zheng's right foot finally stepped on the last footprint …
At the same time, a ray of light suddenly burst out from behind Luo Zheng!
At the starting point of the footprints, a faint figure appeared. That figure quickly walked along Luo Zheng's footsteps. The distance of three thousand steps was covered in an instant. Then, the figure brushed past Luo Zheng and walked toward the huge book.
When the figure walked toward the huge book, he gently turned the book over. The cover of the huge book that couldn't be opened was suddenly opened!
"It's open!" The Book Immortal saw the figure. "Is this … Is this the Master?"
Fu also stared at the shadow for a long time, but he couldn't figure it out. "Maybe it is, maybe it isn't …" The shadow was too blurry, and there was no way to identify it. Maybe it was just a shadow left behind by the master.
The moment the book was opened, everyone saw a door on the first page of the book!
It was a door drawn on the book. The drawing of the door was very lifelike, but it was just a drawing after all.
However, at this moment, the figure walked towards the door and reached out his hand to touch the drawing of the door. He gently pushed the door, and the drawing moved on its own. The originally tightly shut door opened just like that.
"This is so fun! The drawing can move!" Xi Youqin said with a smile.
Ning Yudie glanced at Xi Youqin indifferently. Although she also thought that the drawing was amazing, she was very displeased when this girl added the word "fun" to everything. After all, Luo Zheng had put in a lot of effort to open the door.
After the door on the painting was opened, a pitch-black space appeared behind the door. The figure took a step into the space and pointed at Luo Zheng as soon as he took a step in.
"Let me in?" Luo Zheng raised his eyebrows.
That figure nodded his head.
Without any hesitation, Luo Zheng stepped forward and followed the figure into the door.
"I'm going in too!" Xi Youqin said with a smile.
"Absolutely not!" The Book Immortal beside her quickly stopped her.
"Do you want to die?" Ning Yudie said angrily. Although the immortal mansion was not dangerous, it was strange everywhere. Luo Zheng was qualified to enter because he had to go through this path. One could imagine what would happen to Xi Youqin if she barged in like this!
Xi Youqin clicked her tongue and said with a smile, "I'm just kidding!"
Ning Yudie rolled her eyes and ignored Xi Youqin. As for Su Lingyun, she pursed her lips and snickered at the side.
Luo Zheng followed the figure into the painted door. This step was indeed a different world. However, just as Luo Zheng entered, the drawing began to move again, and the originally open door slowly closed.
As the door closed, the light from behind disappeared in an instant. Luo Zheng was immersed in darkness and couldn't see anything.
Just as Luo Zheng was hesitating, a voice rang out in this dark space. "You can pass my Extreme Path. Your perseverance can be considered a talent. However, you don't know what is in this book. What is it that supported you to pass this path?"
Suddenly hearing this question, Luo Zheng was slightly stunned. This question was somewhat difficult to answer. After thinking for a while, Luo Zheng said with a smile, "I just thought that since this path is so difficult, the reward shouldn't be bad …"
"Frank enough! This old man likes it. Hahaha! "
Amidst the maniacal laughter, the darkness disappeared in an instant, and a seven-colored light appeared in the surroundings. The light flowed slowly, outlining countless irregular patterns. The figure who had opened the book previously stood in front of Luo Zheng.
"This cultivation method this old man created must be cultivated before breaking through to the Divine Sea Realm. Once the Divine Sea is opened in the dantian, the embryonic form of the Inner World will be formed. At that time, it will be too late to exchange the Primal Chaos for True Origin …" the figure said indifferently.
Indeed …
The book immortal was indeed very knowledgeable. He knew the Palace Master very well!
The book immortal knew that the Palace Master had spent a lot of time to create a cultivation method. However, the book immortal didn't know why the Palace Master couldn't cultivate this cultivation method.
It turned out that the prerequisite for cultivating this cultivation method was to not open the Inner World!
Life and Death Realm experts had to liquefy their dantian. When Luo Zheng was in the late stage of the False Tribulation Realm, his True Origin had begun to liquefy. After breaking through the Life and Death Realm, it even began to solidify! However, he hadn't broken through to the Divine Sea Realm, so the Inner World hadn't been formed yet.
"However, this cultivation method I created is just an inference. After all, this cultivation method is just an embryonic form. I'm afraid that you will have to comprehend and explore on your own in the future. It's very possible that … the end of this cultivation method is a dead end, a dead end! However, it's also possible to open a new path. Do you dare to cultivate it? "the figure asked Luo Zheng again.
According to the Palace Master's words, he hadn't finished compiling this cultivation method. He had only deduced it based on his profound knowledge. Up until now, even he himself hadn't succeeded in cultivating this cultivation method …
There were many such cultivation methods in the entire universe. Even in the Central Domain and the Eastern Domain, there were many of them.
To put it bluntly, this was just a concept!
For instance, someone in the Central Domain had proposed the concept of 'Stellar Body Forging'. Perhaps this concept was correct. For instance, Luo Zheng's Stellar Battle Body was able to draw upon the power of the stars. It wasn't impossible to use this to temper one's body. But, that didn't mean that a martial artist from the Central Domain could compile a transcendent divine might like the Stellar Battle Body!
The gap between concepts and reality was often enormous. This enormous difference was enough to reach the point of being completely unrelated …
Of course, the disparity between the people of the Central Domain and this Palace Master was simply unimaginable. This Palace Master's supernatural powers had already surpassed the universe, and might even surpass the Heavenly Dao. This wasn't something that the average person could hope to achieve. According to his deductions, the concepts he deduced were naturally much more reliable!
From his words, Luo Zheng could hear a strong self-confidence!
Thus, Luo Zheng didn't hesitate. He immediately nodded and said, "I dare!"
The figure faintly smiled. "Very good. Then kneel!"
"Kneel?" Luo Zheng's eyebrows shot up.
Seeing Luo Zheng's expression, the figure chuckled. "You don't want to? You want to cultivate my inheritance, but you aren't even willing to take me as your master? "
Take a master …
Ever since Luo Zheng stepped onto the road of martial arts, he had never had a true master.
Su Lingyun was Luo Zheng's mentor, not a master in the traditional sense. As for Ning Yudie, she was the Hall Master of the Cloud Hall. At best, Luo Zheng could only be her subordinate …
Luo Zheng didn't think that after stepping into this book, he would have to take someone as his master. For a time, he hesitated.

Chapter 968
Seeing this, Luo Zheng no longer hesitated and knelt down respectfully towards the figure.
Luo Zheng's hesitation was due to the fact that he was about to become a disciple. However, a thought flashed through his mind in an instant. Since he had accepted the Mansion Master's mantle, it was inevitable for him to become a disciple. A man should not kneel down. How could Luo Zheng easily kneel to others?
However, since he had chosen to become a disciple, he would not be pretentious. Naturally, he bowed according to the rules.
However, the Mansion Master was an extremely detached person. He was indifferent to the ceremony of becoming a disciple. Just as Luo Zheng was about to kowtow, an invisible force stopped Luo Zheng and helped him up.
"Alright …" The Mansion Master nodded calmly. "Cultivators like us don't care about worldly etiquette. Since you're willing to acknowledge me as your master, I'll naturally impart the cultivation method in this book to you. Do you know why I set up such a path in front of this book?"
"Disciple does not know," Luo Zheng said, shaking his head.
The Mansion Master continued, "I have spent thousands of years and countless deductions. In the end, I have created a brand new path. I do not know what the end of this path is, but the starting point of this Cultivation Method is to replace the Qi with the Primal Chaos. That is to forcibly shatter the Dantian and then lead the Primal Chaos into the body. This pain is something that only those with great perseverance can endure! Although you have walked the path outside with your own perseverance, I still want to remind you that the pain of replacing the Primal Chaos with the Primal Chaos is far from what you can imagine. Do you understand? "
Luo Zheng nodded and said with a serious expression, "Disciple understands."
The Mansion Master smiled faintly and said, "It is useless to say 'understand' now. When the time comes, you will understand the pain." After that, the Mansion Master looked at Luo Zheng and said, "Strange, you seem to have the Primal Chaos Dipper in your body? You seem to have used the Primal Chaos Dipper to temper your body? "
Luo Zheng nodded, as if the secrets of his body could not be hidden from the Mansion Master's eyes.
"Your body is a little strange." The Palace Master nodded slightly, but he did not reveal the secret of Luo Zheng's body. "Body tempering is also a very painful thing, but the pain caused by using the Primal Chaos to replace vital essence is probably a thousand times more intense than body tempering …"
Pain was originally something that could not be quantified. Some pain might seem unbearable to some, but others could feel it.
However, this Manor Head knew that there was a difference of a thousand times. Presumably, he understood this pain very well. It was obvious that what he said was true.
Luo Zheng nodded, "Since you've already acknowledged me as your disciple, I've already made preparations!"
"Yes." Hearing Luo Zheng's words, the Palace Master said, "Since you were able to endure that path, your temperament is worthy of recognition. Then, I will plant that trace of chaos in you!"
After he finished speaking, the Mansion Master pointed into the distance, and a gray mist swept out from the depths of the space.
"This is the Primal Chaos?" Luo Zheng stared at the gray mist and raised his eyebrows slightly.
After the Primal Chaos circled in the air, it shot toward Luo Zheng's abdomen and instantly entered Luo Zheng's Dantian.
From beginning to end, Luo Zheng did not feel the slightest difference. However, when the mist entered his Dantian, he felt a slight pain in his abdomen, as if it was being pricked by needles.
"I have already planted this Primal Chaos in you," the Palace Master said faintly.
Luo Zheng tried to circulate his vital essence. He did not feel anything unusual, nor did he feel any unbearable pain. A trace of confusion appeared on his face. He thought that he would be in excruciating pain right now, but now he felt nothing at all.
Seeing Luo Zheng's expression, the Palace Master smiled faintly, "The Primal Chaos has only been planted in your Dantian. Master will teach you a set of Cultivation Methods to cultivate the Primal Chaos. At that time, you will understand …"
After he finished speaking, the world around him spun, and a series of mysterious Cultivation Methods were directly injected into Luo Zheng's mind. However, when the Palace Master was injecting the Cultivation Methods into Luo Zheng's mind, he softly exclaimed in surprise. The Nine True Dragons … were actually suppressed by the Divine Flame Cauldron …
"Hehe, this disciple's opportunity is not small." With the Palace Master's magical power, how could he accept an ordinary person as a disciple?
In fact, in these endless years, he had only accepted a total of two disciples. It was just that he did not mention it to Luo Zheng. His disciples had their own opportunities, and as a master, he would not interfere too much. However, when he thought of the origin of the Divine Flame Cauldron, he could not help but remind him, "If you ascend to the Upper Realm in the future, you cannot reveal the Divine Flame Cauldron in your mind. Before you grow up, you must keep it as your biggest secret!"
"The Divine Flame Cauldron!" Luo Zheng also knew that it was impossible for him to hide his secret from his master. However, when his master mentioned the name of the mysterious furnace, Luo Zheng was naturally surprised.
Of course, Luo Zheng knew that the mysterious furnace's origin was not small. However, Qing Long was unwilling to tell him, and Luo Zheng had no way to look it up. How could he know the name of the mysterious furnace?
Now, he knew the name of the mysterious furnace from his master.
However, his master seemed to have no intention of talking about the Divine Flame Cauldron. He only said, "Although I only left a projection in this book, since I accepted you as my disciple today, I don't have any gifts for you. I'm afraid these things will be of use to you in the future …"
After he finished speaking, the figure gently waved his hand, and several shiny things floated towards Luo Zheng.
After Luo Zheng expressed his thanks, he collected the golden lights in his hand. He discovered that they were actually several shiny fragments. However, within these transparent fragments, there were several treasures sealed within them.
"Alright, I've been away for too long. This spiritual projection can only exist for a short period of time. Since I've already planted the seed of chaos in you and taught you a cultivation method … you must cultivate diligently. Perhaps one day, I'll be able to return from the endless Outer Realm. Then, I'll inspect the strength of my cheap disciple …" The figure's voice grew fainter and fainter.
"How do I use these things?" Luo Zheng held the fragments in his hand and asked. These treasures were not even as big as one of Luo Zheng's fingers. They looked too small.
"Just crush them …" The figure grew fainter and fainter, and his voice became inaudible.
"Crush them?" Luo Zheng's eyes flickered. Looking at the figure that had completely disappeared, he asked curiously, "Cheap disciple … How is that cheap?"
At this moment, Qinglong's voice floated out. "Hehe, he picked up a disciple like you for free. Of course, he's the one who took advantage of you!" Qinglong didn't dare to speak earlier, but he also knew that since Luo Zheng's master had discovered the Godly Flame Cauldron, he must have also discovered the nine true dragons. However, he wasn't interested in pointing it out. If he didn't point it out, Qinglong naturally wouldn't take the initiative to reveal himself.
"You call that taking advantage of me?" Luo Zheng didn't know whether to laugh or cry.
He had entered the Immortal Mansion and obtained a cultivation method. Now, he had also obtained these "free gifts". No matter how he looked at it, Luo Zheng had taken advantage of him.
Qing Long, on the other hand, chuckled and said, "To be able to take in a being who has cultivated a Great Success Lotus Flower as my disciple, this is naturally a bargain …" Qing Long's point of view was naturally different from Luo Zheng's.
Luo Zheng didn't dwell on this issue for too long. At this moment, another door appeared in the space behind him. It must be the door on the painting outside that had opened again. Luo Zheng carefully examined the glittering fragments in his hand as he flew outside.
During this process, Luo Zheng crushed one of the fragments according to his master's instructions. The fragment was hard but very brittle. With a light pinch, it shattered. In the first fragment, a palm-sized carving appeared. It was a carving of a bear with its mouth wide open.
"What's this?" Luo Zheng curiously sized up the carving, but his face was full of confusion.
Even the experienced and knowledgeable Qinglong stared at the palm-sized carving with a pensive look on his face.
At this moment, Luo Zheng had already stepped into the huge book and walked out of the painting. Seeing the carving in Luo Zheng's hand, the Immortal in the Book laughed and said, "Master really left his inheritance in this book. He even left the Roaring Token to you!"

Chapter 969
What the hell is the Roaring Command?
Luo Zheng stared at the Immortal of Books with a puzzled expression.
The Immortal of Books shook his head and was about to show off his knowledge. However, Afo said directly, "The Roaring Command is the Roaring Command. It's an old item that our master once used. It can be used to shout in the universe. When you use the Roaring Command to shout, your voice will spread throughout the universe. The Roaring Command is very common in the universe, but our master's Roaring Command is a little special. It can be used infinitely, hehe."
"Infinitely!" Qinglong roared in Luo Zheng's mind again.
"How can there be such a damn thing?" The Red Dragon, who didn't like to talk much, roared at the same time.
The two dragons' inexplicable excitement made Luo Zheng's mind shake. Afo's words made Luo Zheng feel a little dizzy. According to Afo's words, the Roaring Command was just a tool to shout, and it didn't seem to be anything important. Why were the two dragons so excited?
"What do you mean?" Luo Zheng helplessly asked Qinglong in his mind.
Qinglong let out a long sigh and said in a tone of disbelief, "Although I know that the master of this immortal mansion is probably a True God who has surpassed the Heavenly Dao, I didn't expect him to have such a treasure …"
"What do you mean? Can you explain it more clearly?" Luo Zheng was a little helpless. Since it was just a tool to shout, how could it be worth Qinglong's attention? When Luo Zheng got the Black Star Pickaxe, Qinglong didn't feel much. Could it be that the Roaring Command was even more valuable than a Supreme Artifact?
Qinglong said, "The Hundred Thousand Worlds are too vast. It's very difficult to communicate in the universe. However, the Roaring Command can let your voice spread throughout the universe!"
"Oh …" Afo had already explained it, so Qinglong naturally repeated it. Was it that important to spread the message throughout the universe?
Seeing Luo Zheng's disapproving face, Qinglong could only smile helplessly. "You'll know after you ascend. Spreading it around the world means you have a certain right to speak! Therefore, every race and every force has an almost unlimited demand for Roaring Tokens! "
Qinglong didn't know how to explain it to Luo Zheng.
Although Luo Zheng knew that the Upper Realm was made up of 100,000 Great Realms, he did not have a clear understanding of the scope of 100,000 Great Realms.
It was already extremely difficult to coordinate and mobilize the forces of a Great World, let alone some races. For example, the three great forces of the human race occupied almost ten thousand Great Worlds.
Communication, in such a wide range, became a huge problem! Fortunately, he had something like the Roaring Command.
Why was the Roaring Command named "Roaring"? It had to be explained from a type of Divine Beast. It was the unique Divine Beast in the Great World, the "Roaring Celestial Tapir".
The Roaring Celestial Tapir was not particularly powerful among the Divine Beasts, but after they reached adulthood, they had a kind of innate Divine Ability. This innate Divine Ability contained a kind of Karma Law. It was through this Karma Law that the Roaring Celestial Tapir could spread throughout the universe!
Some almighty Celestial Masters discovered this innate Divine Ability of the Roaring Celestial Tapir. With a flash of inspiration, they killed the Roaring Celestial Tapir and took its throat, allowing the craftsmen in the clan to create the "Roaring Command".
This Roaring Command was enough to spread the command of a Celestial Master throughout the universe!
From then on, the fate of Divine Beasts like the Roaring Celestial Tapir became extremely tragic!
At that time, the Roaring Command was once rampant. Even some Realm Lords in the universe had a large number of Roaring Commands. In the universe, one would often suddenly hear the voice of an unknown person!
The most ridiculous time was when two clans that regarded each other as mortal enemies used the Roaring Command to curse each other across hundreds of Great Worlds. That war of words lasted for a few months, causing countless living beings in the universe to suffer unspeakably.
Hence, some Celestial Masters had no choice but to use the Roaring Command to warn them. If the two clans continued to curse each other, they had to be careful of their own territories …
However, the warning was not very useful. If a reputable figure used the Roaring Command indiscriminately, the Celestial Masters would find trouble with them. However, they could use some nameless figures. The sound of the Roaring Command would spread throughout the universe. No one would be able to trace the source. If they did not reveal their identity, no one would be able to find out who used the Roaring Command.
Fortunately, the number of Roaring Celestial Tapirs was not endless.
There was definitely a large number of Divine Beasts in the Hundred Thousand Great Worlds. However, with so many clans, they all needed the Roaring Command. It could be said that whoever had more Roaring Commands would have a certain degree of authority.
A Roaring Celestial Tapir could only make one Roaring Command. Even the best craftsmen could only make about two. Hence, the number of Roaring Celestial Tapirs began to decrease rapidly.
In the end, they became extremely rare items!
As their numbers decreased, the value of the Roaring Celestial Tapirs naturally increased. In the end, ordinary Sector Lords could not afford to use the Roaring Command at all. Hence, after a few hundred years of clamor, everyone's ears finally quieted down …
Currently, there were still a considerable number of Roaring Commands in the universe. This was because some large factions had begun to raise Divine Beasts like the Roaring Celestial Tapirs. However, the growth of Divine Beasts was very slow. The value of the Roaring Command was still high. In the Hundred Thousand Great Worlds, some Sector Lords had one or two Roaring Commands. However, under normal circumstances, they could not bear to use them indiscriminately.
As for the Celestial Venerables, although they had more Roaring Commands, they would not use them indiscriminately.
After hearing Qinglong's words, Luo Zheng understood a little …
He did not expect that a tool for shouting would be so important. However, after thinking about it, he immediately understood the use of the Roaring Command in his hands …
To put it bluntly, this thing could be used to shout to the entire universe an unlimited number of times.
To give a simple example, if the Human Race and the Demon Race were to fight in thousands of Great Worlds, it would be extremely inconvenient for them to communicate with each other. Perhaps a fierce battle would break out in a certain Great World. By the time the reinforcements from both sides heard the news and rushed over, the fierce battle would have ended a few years ago. This was the use of the Roaring Command!
To put it even more simply, if two sides were to fight, if one side had more Roaring Commands, insulted and belittled the other side all day long, and even made up some false information to tell the other side, it would be a great blow to the other side's morale!
If one side had too few Roaring Commands, or none at all, then one could only watch helplessly …
Holding the Roaring Command in his hands, Luo Zheng laughed mischievously. This was indeed a good thing!
Luo Zheng did not forget that he still had an important purpose, and that was to find his sister. Although he judged that Luo Yan's life was not in danger, the problem was that how could he tolerate Luo Yan being taken away by some unknown person?
If he ascended to the Upper World in the future, Luo Zheng might use this Roaring Command to shout and see if Luo Yan would respond.
"I just don't understand how the Mansion Master could make this Roaring Command that can be used infinitely …" Qinglong still could not believe it.
"Who cares …" Luo Zheng was too lazy to think about this matter. As long as this thing was useful, it was fine.
After stuffing the Roaring Command into the Sumeru Ring, Luo Zheng immediately crushed the second fragment. As he crushed it, a shiny shackle appeared in the fragment. Luo Zheng pulled the shackle and said with a speechless face, "This … What the hell is this?"
Originally, he thought that his master's gift would most likely be a Supreme Artifact … At the very least, it would be a Divine Artifact! Why are there so many weird things here?
Afo looked at the shackle and said with a smile, "This is the Life Ending Shackle!"
"Life Ending Shackle?" Luo Zheng asked again, "What's the use of this?"
Afo said, "When you first stepped into the Immortal Mansion, did you trigger a 'Life Ending Battle' in the pavilion?"
Luo Zheng nodded. Luo Zheng still remembered the Life Ending Battle vividly. Everyone was connected by a special energy and fought to the death because only one could survive in the end!
"That's it. The Life Ending Shackle can bind you and your opponent. The shackle will only open after the battle of life and death. Even if you chain a Celestial Master with you, if that Celestial Master can't kill you, he can't leave either!"
＝＝＝＝＝

Chapter 970
Luo Zheng would never lock himself up with a Celestial Master unless he was out of his mind.
However, after listening to Afo's explanation, Luo Zheng immediately understood that the Life Extinguishing Shackles was indeed very useful. If he encountered an opponent whose strength was similar to his, as long as he was locked by the Life Extinguishing Shackles, he would not be able to escape.
Compared to the Roaring Command, the Life Extinguishing Shackles were much more practical for Luo Zheng. After all, it was up to Luo Zheng whether to lock himself up or not …
After stuffing the Life Extinguishing Shackles into the Sumeru Ring, Luo Zheng was not in a hurry to crush the remaining fragments. He was more anxious to understand the Cultivation Method that his Master had just taught him!
His master had directly imprinted the cultivation method into Luo Zheng's mind. This cultivation method was created by his master, so naturally, it was named by him as well. It was called the "Primal Chaos Secret Technique". It was just that the word "secret technique" was added after the word "primal chaos". This way of naming was suspected of being lazy.
However, just like how the strength of a warrior did not depend on the warrior's name, the strength of a Cultivation Method was naturally not determined by the name of the Cultivation Method.
Luo Zheng was actually somewhat worried about the Cultivation Method. After all, the Mansion Master had only deduced it, and he himself had not practiced it. However, this was the way of the world. If there were many people walking on a road, it would naturally be easy to walk on it. However, the benefits at the end of the road would have long been divided up.
The road that Luo Zheng was walking on might be a road that no one had ever walked before. Once he walked on it, who knew what he would find at the end?
Luo Zheng followed the method recorded in the Cultivation Method and slowly condensed the Qi in his Dantian. The wisp of Primal Chaos Qi that had originally disappeared suddenly jumped up and down in his Dantian. At this moment, Luo Zheng finally understood what pain was!
The moment the pain was transmitted, the blood on Luo Zheng's face suddenly disappeared. His face was as pale as a sheet of white paper. He could not move at all. Even his instinct to howl had disappeared …
"What happened?" Seeing that their husband had entered the book and seemed to have obtained some inheritance, the three women's faces were filled with joy. However, Luo Zheng's complexion suddenly changed, causing Ning Yudie to ask nervously.
This pain came from Luo Zheng's dantian. It was like a rough file was constantly being filed against his dantian. The dantian was the most important place for a martial artist. How sensitive was this place? The pain was transmitted, stimulating every nerve in Luo Zheng's body.
Xi Youqin also stepped forward. She looked at Luo Zheng and asked nervously, "Luo Zheng, are you feeling very uncomfortable?"
Luo Zheng didn't answer. He just rolled his eyes and fainted.
He really wished that he had fainted. As long as he was awake for a single breath, it would be a hellish torture for him.
Seeing Luo Zheng like this, the three women's faces changed greatly, and they surrounded Luo Zheng one after another.
"Husband! What's wrong with you? "
"How did he faint …"
"Wuwuwuwu …"
As for the immortal in the book, she glanced at Luo Zheng indifferently and said, "He just fainted. It's probably because … it's too painful."
After a long time, Luo Zheng slowly woke up. However, the pain was like a shadow following Luo Zheng. At this time, after letting out a howl, Luo Zheng's eyes rolled back and he fainted again.
It wasn't that Luo Zheng's willpower wasn't strong enough. This pain had already exceeded the limit of human endurance by countless times. His dantian originally contained pure True Yuan. How could it be converted into something else?
Under the excessive pain, Luo Zheng's body activated its self-protection mechanism, forcing Luo Zheng to faint.
Seeing Luo Zheng like this, the three women were speechless and worried …
They had no idea what had happened to Luo Zheng. Why was he in so much pain?
After a long time, Luo Zheng woke up again. However, this time, Luo Zheng still couldn't say a word. This time, however, he woke up much longer than the second time. The second time, he only lasted for a single breath. The third time, he lasted for five or six breaths before fainting again.
The fourth time, Luo Zheng lasted for twenty breaths of time. During this time, there were countless howls of pain.
The fifth time, Luo Zheng lasted for fifty breaths of time …
The sixth time, about a hundred breaths of time …
The seventh time, one incense stick of time …
The eighth time …
Repeatedly fainting and waking up, Luo Zheng hadn't adapted to this pain. This kind of pain wasn't something that humans could adapt to. However, his willpower to endure the pain was rapidly increasing.
After the tenth time, Luo Zheng's lips trembled. Finally, he said, "We'll take our leave first … We'll talk after we return to the Central Domain." Then, he fainted again …
Luo Zheng had the "Gen" token. After obtaining this token, it was equivalent to setting up a spatial node. It would be very convenient for him to return to the Immortal Mansion. However, Luo Zheng didn't have much time to think. Under such extreme pain, it was very difficult for him to concentrate. Everything would have to wait until they returned to the Central Domain.
Since Luo Zheng said so, the three women naturally had to bring Luo Zheng back to the Central Domain.
This time, Ning Yudie gently patted and took out the flood dragon puppet that she and Luo Zheng had worked together to obtain.
Luo Zheng woke up once again. After reluctantly saying goodbye to Afo and the Book Immortal, he and the three women sat on the flood dragon puppet and left the Immortal Mansion. They returned to the Eastern Domain and came out of Ao Xiang's Nine Yin Mountain …
The valley in the Nine Yin Mountain was called the Jade Dragon Valley. Originally, there were people who said that there was a dragon spirit in the Jade Dragon Valley.
When the flood dragon puppet left the Nine Yin Mountain, many people in Guanghan County saw this scene. This confirmed the legend that there was a dragon in the Nine Yin Mountain!
Since it was a dragon's lair, it naturally had to be worshipped. If a real dragon was provoked, it would be punished. Therefore, some of the big clans in Guanghan County issued a ban. Unrelated people were not allowed to approach the Nine Yin Mountain!
In the body of the flood dragon puppet, Luo Zheng was still constantly fainting and waking up. Generally speaking, the time he fainted was much longer than the time he woke up. Usually, he would wake up for one or two incense sticks of time, but he would faint for several hours.
A few days later, Ning Yudie controlled the flood dragon puppet and returned to the Cloud Hall.
She gave the order to prepare a unique residence for Su Lingyun. Then, she stayed in the Ice Palace and guarded Luo Zheng.
Time passed quickly. In the blink of an eye, three months had passed.
During these three months, Luo Zheng was still constantly fainting and waking up. For anyone, it was a great torture, and Luo Zheng was no exception.
The pain lasted for so long that it even changed Luo Zheng's mentality. He was extremely regretful. If he had known it would be so painful, he wouldn't have cultivated the Primal Chaos Secret Technique even if he was beaten to death.
This could not be blamed on Luo Zheng's lack of perseverance. Luo Zheng was not an omnipotent god. Even though his heart of martial arts was far stronger than that of ordinary people, even though his perseverance was far greater than that of ordinary people, this kind of pain was not something that ordinary people could endure. In other words, it had exceeded the limits of a living creature's endurance. Unless Luo Zheng was a rock, he would not be able to endure it.
Seeing Luo Zheng in such pain, how could the three women be in a good mood?
Ning Yudie was guarding the Ice Palace at all times. As for the other matters in the Cloud Hall, she basically let Daoist Dameng handle them on her behalf.
As the pain lasted longer and longer, Luo Zheng's waking time also became longer and longer. This kind of pain did not have the so-called "numbness" feeling. Every wave of pain was incomparably clear, making Luo Zheng's head feel like it was about to explode. He would rather wake up for a shorter time …
On this day, Luo Zheng slowly woke up. The moment he woke up, he knew that he would have to spend a few more hours in torment.
However, as soon as he woke up, he heard a pleasant zither sound. It was Xi Youqin gently stroking the zither strings on one side of the Ice Palace. The zither sound was soothing and gentle, like a spring breeze blowing, giving people a sense of tranquility.
Although the zither sound could not suppress the pain, it still made Luo Zheng feel a little better. He struggled to get up. Ning Yudie, who had been guarding him for countless days and nights, immediately came up to support Luo Zheng. "Be careful …"

Chapter 971
Pain could make a person go crazy. For Luo Zheng to not go crazy after enduring such intense torture for such a long time, his perseverance was amazing.
When the pain suddenly disappeared, Luo Zheng really did feel like going crazy. He was so happy that he went crazy …
After enduring for half a year, he finally got through this pain.
Xi Youqin and Ning Yudie didn't know that the pain had already disappeared. When they saw Luo Zheng get up, Xi Youqin's fingers trembled. Ning Yudie asked from the side, "Husband, are you feeling better?"
Luo Zheng shook his head slightly. His complexion suddenly changed, and he said with an extremely uncomfortable expression, "I, I'm afraid I won't be able to endure it …"
Ning Yudie and Xi Youqin's complexion suddenly changed. Not far away, Su Lingyun, who had been holding the Protective Talisman and praying for Luo Zheng, hurriedly threw away the Protective Talisman in her hand and ran over.
The three women nervously surrounded Luo Zheng. At this time, Luo Zheng opened his arms and directly hugged the three women. Xi Youqin and Su Lingyun screamed. Luo Zheng laughed loudly and directly jumped up from the Ice Palace's patio, floating in the air!
Seeing Luo Zheng like this, how could the three women not know that Luo Zheng should have recovered?
Su Lingyun's face revealed a happy expression. Being hugged by Luo Zheng like this, she still blushed a little. As for Xi Youqin, she used her soft fists to beat Luo Zheng, scolding Luo Zheng for being too naughty. Ning Yudie fiercely glared at Luo Zheng with a face full of anger. Feeling indignant, cold Qi burst out from her body.
"Hey! I'm freezing to death! "Xi Youqin said discontentedly.
The three women were huddled together in Luo Zheng's arms. Ning Yudie's release of cold Qi naturally affected Su Lingyun and Xi Youqin.
Ning Yudie snorted. Her body was like a nimble fish as she slipped out of Luo Zheng's arms and returned to her own Ice Palace.
In these few months, the three women could be said to have lived in harmony. However, after Luo Zheng recovered, he immediately revealed his true colors. The jealousy between women could at most be suppressed, but in the end, it couldn't be eliminated.
Luo Zheng could only bitterly smile. He let go of Xi Youqin and Su Lingyun and entered the Ice Palace alone to comfort Ning Yudie …
At night, after taking a bath and changing his clothes, Luo Zheng sat alone on a platform in the Cloud Hall. Luo Zheng didn't know what had happened to his Dantian. He comforted Ning Yudie for a long time before her tears turned into smiles. Luo Zheng also felt helpless.
Now that Luo Zheng had some time, he naturally had to investigate the changes in his body.
After sitting cross-legged, Luo Zheng sank his perception into his Dantian. The moment he entered the state of inner vision, his face revealed a shocked expression.
Previously, Luo Zheng's Dantian was filled with liquefied True Yuan. Moreover, Luo Zheng's True Yuan was special. After liquefied, the True Yuan was very viscous. However, after investigating, he found that the True Yuan in his Dantian had completely disappeared!
There wasn't even a trace of True Yuan left in his body. Instead, it was replaced by a gray chaotic energy.
"Did I succeed? Did I really use chaotic energy to replace True Yuan? "Luo Zheng murmured.
At this time, Qinglong leisurely said, "Chaotic energy … Hehe, this person who has surpassed the Heavenly Dao actually did it. Using the Dantian to seize the fortune of heaven and earth for his own cultivation is the iron law of the universe. Even a Heavenly Sovereign can't break this shackle. I didn't expect that Luo Zheng had cultivated such a strange cultivation method. It's really hard to predict." Qinglong couldn't help but shake his head.
At this time, Luo Zheng revealed a puzzled expression. "But according to the cultivation levels of martial artists, the Life and Death Realm liquefies True Yuan, the Divine Sea Realm opens up a deep sea, and the Extreme God Realm solidifies True Yuan and molds living things in the body … If this chaotic energy replaces True Yuan, how can I …"
Qinglong shook his head and said, "This kind of thing has never happened before. It's already beyond my ability to understand. How can I answer you?"
Not to mention that Qinglong couldn't return to Luo Zheng, even the Mansion Master who had deduced the "Secret Primal Chaos Technique" couldn't answer Luo Zheng's question. This was because he hadn't cultivated the "Secret Primal Chaos Technique". This cultivation method was completely deduced. As for how far Luo Zheng could go in the future, perhaps even God didn't know.
However, the Azure Dragon quickly added, "Regardless, this Primal Chaos Qi is something that exists outside of the universe. It is an extremely dangerous existence to all living things in the universe. Legend has it that all living things are created from Primal Chaos. Since you are able to absorb it into your Dantian, it is definitely not ordinary. However, can this Primal Chaos Qi really replace True Yuan?"
Martial artists cultivated True Yuan in their Dantian to drive their cultivation method …
However, the True Yuan in Luo Zheng's body had completely disappeared and was replaced by chaotic energy. In other words, the cultivation method that Luo Zheng used to cultivate was no longer suitable for him?
Hearing Qinglong's question, Luo Zheng's heart skipped a beat. Qinglong's words made sense!
Thinking of this, Luo Zheng suddenly operated his Dantian. According to Luo Zheng's previous operating method, he used his meridians to draw out the True Yuan from his body. However, under this method of extraction, what was drawn out was naturally not True Yuan, but chaotic energy …
When the chaotic energy passed through his meridians, he suddenly felt a sharp pain.
"Again?"
Luo Zheng clenched his teeth, and his face revealed a hint of grief and indignation. He had endured for half a year, and now the pain had shifted to another location and was beginning to test his meridians?
Fortunately, the pain only lasted for a few seconds before it quickly subsided. Luo Zheng circulated his true energy and gently waved it in front of him. A stream of vigorous Primal Chaos Qi gushed out from his palm.
"The Laws of Fire …."
Luo Zheng had never cultivated a fire type cultivation method, but merely activating the Laws of Fire was extremely easy for him.
Rumble ….
It was originally night, and all was silent. The martial artists in the Cloud Hall were cultivating day and night, but most of the people in Ocean of Clouds City had fallen into a deep sleep.
Right at this moment, a violent explosion suddenly resounded, and it woke everyone up from their slumber. At the same time, they looked out the window with their mouths agape …. It was clearly the middle of the night, and the night watchman had just finished his night watch. How could it have suddenly become bright?
So long as they raised their heads, they would see an enormous sun appear in the sky, and it illuminated the surroundings like it was daytime!
Luo Zheng had only casually shot out the fireball based on the first level of the Law of Fire, but he had never imagined that the fireball would be so powerful. The fireball spread out and was finally enveloped by the circular "Light of Abundant Water". Therefore, from the outside, it naturally looked like a circular sun.
"So, so powerful …." Luo Zheng's expression changed unpredictably.
Fortunately, he had shot the fireball towards the sky. The lingering flames lit up many places in the Cloud Hall, but it didn't injure anyone. After the flames exploded, it only lasted for one or two breaths of time before vanishing. However, many people in the Cloud Hall had to come out to put out the fire ….
Chaos transformed into Yin and Yang, and Yin and Yang transformed into all things. Luo Zheng fell into deep thought.
Other martial artists who cultivated True Energy seized the fortune of Heaven and Earth. However, what Luo Zheng was seizing now wasn't the fortune of Heaven and Earth, but the fortune of Chaos ….
Earlier, he had only used Chaotic Energy to activate the Laws of Fire. If he executed the method his master had deduced from the Secret Technique of Primal Chaos, wouldn't its might be even more terrifying? Moreover, as Luo Zheng became more and more familiar with Chaotic Energy, he might not be limited to his master's deduction.
After all, he hadn't cultivated the Secret Technique of Primal Chaos that his master had deduced. Now that Luo Zheng had completely replaced the True Energy in his body with Chaotic Energy, he would be able to escape his master's limitations and create his own cultivation method in the future.

Chapter 972
Everyone had different goals when they cultivated the martial dao.
Some people used the martial dao as a stepping stone, and their goal was to dominate the world. Some wanted to be outstanding, and some wanted to be beautiful …
Luo Zheng was obsessed with the martial dao, and his biggest motivation was the interest that came from the bottom of his heart.
When Luo Zheng was cultivating his sword skill, he had created the 'Formless' technique. The Secret of Primal Chaos Technique taught by his master was like a starting point for him to succeed. Relying on himself, Luo Zheng firmly believed that this path would be difficult, but at the same time, he also believed that this path would bring him great benefits.
The fireball had alerted everyone in the Cloud Hall, but after learning that Luo Zheng was cultivating, no one said anything.
In fact, Luo Zheng was still a disciple of the Cloud Hall, and he was still a disciple of the Cloud Hall's Elite Hall. After leaving the Cloud Hall, Luo Zheng had been running around, and he hadn't dealt with this matter. However, he was now the strongest man in the Central Domain, and he was also the husband of the Palace Master of the Cloud Hall. His status had reached a transcendent level …
After returning to the Eastern Domain, Luo Zheng's wish had been redeemed. During his stay in the Cloud Hall, everything seemed peaceful.
Aside from cultivating, he was accompanied by three beautiful women. It was a happy and carefree life. Of course, there were still some obstacles between the three women …
Xi Youqin continued her carefree life. Most of the time, aside from teasing the Ancestral Dragon, she would stick to Luo Zheng. As for cultivation … it seemed like she didn't know what cultivation was. After spending so much time together with the resources provided by the Cloud Hall, with Xi Youqin's talent, she should have broken through a long time ago.
However, Xi Youqin's cultivation was still stuck at the Divine Core realm, and she was still at the Early Divine Core realm.
In fact, Luo Zheng still had some doubts about Xi Youqin. During the dual cultivation ceremony, what did the old man from the Heavenly Clan say to Xi Youqin? In order to find out the truth, Luo Zheng had used the memory of the will of the world, but strangely, Luo Zheng couldn't find anything.
That old man was an outsider, not a native of the Vast Thousand Domains, so it was normal that he couldn't find anything. On the other hand, Xi Youqin was a native of the Central Domain, so it was strange that he couldn't find anything. Luo Zheng could only speculate that the old man must have used some great magical power to shield himself, causing the memory of the Vast Thousand Domains to be lost.
Luo Zheng continued searching the memory of the will of the world, and he found out that Xi Youqin had disappeared from the Cloud Hall that night. She must have entered the Extreme Purple Realm, but why did she enter the Extreme Purple Realm, and what happened in the Extreme Purple Realm? Luo Zheng had no idea. After all, the memory of the will of the world was limited to this dimension …
It wasn't Luo Zheng's intention to pry into Xi Youqin's privacy, but he knew that Xi Youqin was stupid in some aspects, and if she was deceived by someone, it would be very disadvantageous for her. Since it involved her privacy, Luo Zheng couldn't ask her directly. Besides, Xi Youqin had prepared herself for this, and she didn't want to tell him anything. Therefore, Luo Zheng didn't have any good ideas.
As for Su Lingyun and Ning Yudie, they were both unusually hardworking.
In addition to dealing with the government affairs of the Cloud Hall, Ning Yudie also spent the rest of her time cultivating. However, she had some complaints about Xi Youqin sticking to Luo Zheng all day long. Unfortunately, Xi Youqin wasn't a disciple of the Cloud Hall, and Ning Yudie couldn't control whether she was concentrating on cultivating or not …
What surprised Luo Zheng the most was Su Lingyun.
After entering the Cloud Hall, Su Lingyun was the most hardworking! After choosing a cultivation method in the immortal mansion, she wholeheartedly immersed herself in the cultivation room of the Cloud Hall.
During the half year when Luo Zheng was ravaged by the aura of primal chaos, Su Lingyun's cultivation jumped several levels, directly jumping from the fourth level of the Divine Illumination Realm to the eighth level of the Divine Illumination Realm. Not long ago, Su Lingyun's cultivation had reached the pinnacle of the Divine Illumination Realm, and it seemed that she was about to catch up to Xi Youqin.
Luo Zheng's cultivation was also increasing day by day. Not long after, Luo Zheng experienced the second Life and Death Tribulation. This time, the Life and Death Tribulation came with great ferocity. However, since he was able to transfer his power to the Divine Essencefused Mountain, the minor Heavenly Tribulation was no longer a test for Luo Zheng.
However, he still had to guard against that black eye …
If that black eye discovered that he wasn't dead and wanted to destroy him, Luo Zheng really wouldn't have a good way to deal with it!
Last time, he had to cross five million mountains to avoid a casual attack from that black eye. Luo Zheng didn't doubt that if that black eye was serious, it would be very easy to kill him. As long as the Vast Thousand Domains existed, Luo Zheng would also exist. The problem was that it wouldn't be difficult for that guy to destroy the entire Vast Thousand Domains.
Fortunately, the black eye didn't appear during the second Life and Death Tribulation. Luo Zheng didn't spend too much energy to overcome this mighty minor Heavenly Tribulation.
Ever since he swallowed that old man of the Demi-Immortal Clan's medicinal pills, Luo Zheng's cultivation speed reached a new level.
Half a year after the second Life and Death Tribulation, the third Life and Death Tribulation came once again …
During this time, some interesting things happened in the Central Domain. More and more geniuses emerged. Geniuses of the same generation as Luo Zheng also found their own positions.
For example, Hua Tianming, who was only in his early twenties, was already the youngest Elder of the Cloud Hall. The most terrifying thing was that the Heavenly Sword he comprehended was also becoming more and more terrifying. With his talent, if he continued to cultivate, he might be qualified to compete for the next Hall Master. Ning Yudie had already mentioned this matter to Luo Zheng. She knew that Luo Zheng was preparing to ascend, so she naturally had plans to follow her husband. Although Ning Yudie's cultivation speed couldn't catch up with Luo Zheng's, she wouldn't give up.
If one day she also ascended, she naturally hoped that there would be a successor for the Cloud Hall. Hua Tianming could be said to be the best candidate in terms of character, temperament, and talent. Of course, Hua Tianming wasn't the only genius in the Cloud Hall. If he wanted to be promoted to the position of Hall Master, he had to face the challenges of other geniuses.
Ever since Luo Zheng and this group of geniuses appeared, martial arts in the Central Domain became more and more prosperous. Although it still couldn't be compared with the four Divine Nations, it couldn't be mentioned in the same breath as before.
The Blood Wood Cliff, the Mysterious Yin Mansion, the Black Mountain Sect … and the rebuilt Void Spirit Sect were all doing their best to cultivate these young geniuses. In the future, with so many god-tier geniuses appearing in the Central Domain, as time passed, perhaps several almighty Divine Sea Realm experts would be born.
On this day, Luo Zheng obtained the "Gen" Command Token. After obtaining the "Gen" Command Token, Luo Zheng had yet to use it. Hence, he wasn't clear on the principles behind the Gen Command Token.
However, the moment Luo Zheng activated the "Gen" token, he understood that an Immortal Mansion had appeared in front of him.
Seeing the Immortal Mansion in front of him, Luo Zheng's face revealed a strange expression. This Immortal Mansion was almost exactly the same as the one in the Nine Yin Mountain and his Master's Immortal Mansion. However, it was extremely miniature. When it was placed in front of Luo Zheng, it was like a projection. At first glance, it looked incomparably real!
When Luo Zheng stepped into the miniature Immortal Mansion, he instantly appeared in the real Immortal Mansion. At this moment, he suddenly felt that he had shrunk countless times, and everything around him seemed incomparably huge. In fact, he hadn't shrunk at all. It was just that after entering the Immortal Mansion through the miniature Immortal Mansion, the whole Immortal Mansion had become bigger, giving him an illusion.
"So this is how the" Gen "token is used." Standing at the entrance of the Immortal Mansion, Luo Zheng's face revealed a smile. If he encountered any trouble in the future, he could hide in this Immortal Mansion …
Since he had entered the Immortal Mansion through the "Gen" token, Luo Zheng once again entered the Library Pavilion.
The value of the Immortal Mansion was really too great. Unfortunately, Luo Zheng only had the authority to enter the Library Pavilion. However, just the Library Pavilion alone was enough for Luo Zheng to benefit immensely.
This time, he didn't look for cultivation methods. Instead, he collected some information, such as some books on refining weapons and drawing divine patterns.
Although the book immortal had been nagging him and recommending him some information, Luo Zheng still flipped through many books on his own. However, in one of the books, Luo Zheng unexpectedly obtained a piece of information. It was information about the Divine Essensefused Mountain.
The Divine Origin Magnetic Mountain could actually be collected!
The Divine Origin Magnetic Mountain contained the power of the five elements. It was neither metal nor stone. Moreover, it was extremely sturdy and couldn't be damaged by weapons.
It was also because of this that if a large Divine Origin Magnetic Mountain was thrown there, no one in the four Divine Kingdoms would have any ideas about it.
＝＝＝＝＝

Chapter 973
It had to be said that the breadth of his master's knowledge in all aspects was far beyond Luo Zheng's imagination.
This book was called "Ten Thousand Wonders", which recorded some extremely powerful and peculiar objects. The Divine Metagnet Mountain was one of them.
"Ten Thousand Wonders" not only recorded the method to refine the Divine Metagnet Mountain, there were also many other things that were far beyond Luo Zheng's imagination. However, the materials for those treasures were extremely rare, so Luo Zheng naturally couldn't find them at his current stage.
The Divine Metagnet Mountain was something that existed in this vast world. Although Luo Zheng didn't know its origin, it could be considered an ownerless object.
If it weren't for the fact that the Divine Sea Realm experts of the four Divine Kingdoms couldn't move it away, the Divine Metagnet Mountain would have already settled in the Divine Kingdoms' continents.
However, although Luo Zheng had obtained the method to subdue the Divine Metagnet Mountain, there were still a few difficulties.
The strange storm in the Chaotic Astral Ocean continued to wreak havoc. Those Wind Blades were a great threat even to Extreme God Realm experts. Although Luo Zheng had advanced two levels in a row and was already at the third level of Life and Death Realm, it was still unrealistic for him to resist those frightening Wind Blades with his current strength.
The most important point of subduing the Divine Metagnet Mountain was to peel off the bottom of the mountain. The Divine Metagnet Mountain was so sturdy that even dozens of Divine Sea Realm experts wouldn't be able to destroy it. Obviously, Luo Zheng alone couldn't do it.
After pondering for a while, Luo Zheng came up with a plan.
During this period of time, the World Business Alliance suddenly released a message asking for all kinds of rare materials. Those materials were very unpopular and had more or less appeared in the Central Domain. However, they were very hard to find.
However, when there was a great reward, there would be brave men. How many people could resist the temptation of the World Business Alliance's high price?
Some materials were originally stored in families and passed down from generation to generation. Now that they heard such a high price, they were naturally willing to sell them to the World Business Alliance.
The materials collected by the World Business Alliance were gathered together and sent to the Cloud Hall in batches. Because of the great momentum of this purchase, it attracted the attention of many sects. After some inquiries, they found out that the World Business Alliance was only helping the Cloud Hall, or rather, helping Luo Zheng.
However, what did Luo Zheng want these materials for?
There were rumors that Luo Zheng wanted to help the Cloud Hall build a Great Sect Protecting Array. There were also rumors that Luo Zheng was preparing to break through to the Divine Sea Realm.
However, these rumors couldn't stand up to scrutiny. The Cloud Hall already had a Great Sect Protecting Array, and Luo Zheng and Ning Yudie were top figures in the Central Domain. The Cloud Hall didn't need a Great Sect Protecting Array to protect itself. As for breaking through to the Divine Sea Realm, that was even more nonsense. Luo Zheng was only at the third stage of Life and Death Realm, which was still quite far from the Divine Sea Realm.
Luo Zheng was indeed making divine runes. According to the 《Wonders of Nature》, there were three steps to subdue the Divine Magnetic Mountain. The first step was to compress it into an extremely small space. The second step was to use the power of the five elements to suppress the entire Divine Magnetic Mountain. The third step was to subdue it!
Right now, Luo Zheng was doing the preparatory work …
Because of this, Luo Zheng's time started to become tight again. During the day, he would prepare materials and make divine runes. At night, he would concentrate on cultivating. As the days and nights alternated, another three months passed …
Luo Zheng's figure appeared above the southernmost sea of the Central Domain.
This time, Ning Yudie and Xi Youqin insisted on going to the Chaotic Astral Ocean to subdue the Divine Magnetic Mountain. However, they were flatly refused by Luo Zheng.
Although Ning Yudie's strength had improved rapidly, she still wasn't strong enough to deal with the wind blades in the Chaotic Astral Ocean. Those wind blades contained up to 50% of the Law of Wind. If Luo Zheng hadn't relied on his power to shift the blades, his saint tool body would've been instantly torn to shreds by those black wind blades.
After obtaining the will of the Vast Thousand Domains, Luo Zheng also tried to digest the memories in his mind. From the memories, Luo Zheng learned many secrets of the Vast Thousand Domains …
For example, in the northern part of the Divine Kingdom Continent, there was an extremely large wild continent. In fact, there were some extremely powerful ferocious beasts and even a few extremely powerful races. However, the culture of that wild continent was very backward. It was countless times more chaotic than the Sea God Continent.
Another example was that in a corner of the Vast Thousand Domains, there was once a glorious civilization. That civilization was destroyed five hundred thousand years ago because it involved the Tower of Sin. Under the dispute between the experts of the upper realm, just the power that leaked out destroyed the entire civilization. That continent also sank to the bottom of the sea …
However, no matter how Luo Zheng searched, he couldn't find any memories of the Chaotic Astral Ocean. How did this storm come about? What was in the center of the storm? The Vast Thousand Domains didn't know anything about it. This was a very strange thing.
Moreover, behind this area, there was a group of shadow creatures. The strength of these shadow creatures was even feared by the almighty experts of the Heavenly Realm. Why did they wander around the back of the Vast Thousand Domains? Would it affect the Vast Thousand Domains in some way? This was also an unsolved mystery.
Luo Zheng didn't have the ability to uncover this mystery. All he wanted now was to take the Divine Magnetic Mountain into his pocket.
"Huff, huff, huff …"
As soon as he entered the sky above the Chaotic Astral Ocean and entered the range of the storm, the raging wind swept over!
Waves of seawater were sucked up into the sky by the storm. They were like water dragons, connecting the sea and the sky. It was a magnificent sight.
Luo Zheng's small figure shuttled back and forth between these water dragons. Just outside the storm, there were already many wind blades, one after another, sweeping toward Luo Zheng.
These wind blades were light cyan in color, and their surface was white. They only contained one layer of the Law of Wind. A few cyan wind blades contained two layers of the Law of Wind, but they didn't pose much of a threat to Luo Zheng. He didn't dodge and let these wind blades hit his body.
"Puff puff puff …"
Even if he didn't use his power to transfer, these wind blades couldn't cause any harm to Luo Zheng.
Withstanding these wind blades, Luo Zheng's speed became faster and faster. He rushed forward, but his destination wasn't the Divine Magnetic Mountain.
Through the memories of the Vast Thousand Domains, Luo Zheng found out that the Divine Magnetic Mountain was located in the western part of the Chaotic Astral Ocean. Luo Zheng was now heading south, straight toward the center of the storm. He was going in the opposite direction from the Divine Magnetic Mountain.
He flew towards the center of the storm, not because he wanted to explore the mystery of the center of the storm. No matter what the mystery was, it was not something that Luo Zheng could unravel. With his strength, if there was a powerful existence in the center of the storm, he was afraid that he would die if he was not careful.
But if he wanted to collect the Divine Essencefused Mountain, the first step was to peel the Divine Essencefused Mountain from the bottom. With Luo Zheng's strength, he couldn't do this, but with the power of the storm, it was possible!
The power of these wind blades was ridiculously great, and Luo Zheng was able to transfer the power of these wind blades onto the Divine Origin Magnetic Mountain through energy transfer!
One wind blade wasn't enough to peel off the Divine Magnetic Mountain, but what about a hundred thousand or a million wind blades? If he completely transferred the power of these wind blades, he didn't believe that he couldn't peel off the base of the Divine Magnetic Mountain.
After pondering for a long time, Luo Zheng finally came up with this method …
As Luo Zheng advanced toward the center of the storm, the wind blades he faced became fiercer and fiercer. Gradually, some wind blades containing the third and fourth level of the Law of Wind appeared around Luo Zheng. The color of the wind blades gradually changed from light cyan to cyan, and then to dark cyan …
"It's not enough. These wind blades are enough to pose a fatal threat to me, but they can't shake the Divine Magnetic Mountain," Luo Zheng thought indifferently as he looked at the wind blades sweeping toward him. He had already tried to transfer the power to the base of the Divine Magnetic Mountain, but the wind blades had no effect on the mountain. They couldn't even leave a mark on it.

Chapter 974
Seeing the Wind Blade, Luo Zheng's face revealed a trace of joy. He had finally found the black Wind Blade!
Seeing that the black Wind Blade was shooting in the wrong direction, Luo Zheng adjusted his angle and went straight for the black Wind Blade.
Puff!
The Wind Blade, which contained the fifth layer of the Law of Wind, directly hit Luo Zheng's chest, causing a muffled sound to ring out.
"Energy Transfer!"
Just as the black Wind Blade hit his chest, Luo Zheng did not forget to use the Will of the Great Thousand Domains to investigate the Divine Origin Magnetic Mountain.
As he investigated, Luo Zheng's eyes flashed slightly. A shallow white mark appeared at the bottom of the Divine Origin Magnetic Mountain.
Even the Wind Blade, which contained the fifth layer of the Law of Wind, could only leave a faint mark. The Divine Origin Magnetic Mountain was so huge. How long would it take to cut it?
Luo Zheng's face revealed a trace of depression.
However, Luo Zheng would not give up so easily. During the days he stayed in the Central Domain, Luo Zheng not only needed to cultivate, but also needed to prepare for his ascension to the Great Thousand Domains.
He understood the principle of preparedness, success, and failure to prepare would result in failure. Since he could obtain it at a small price, why not?
As he continued forward, the number of black Wind Blades increased while the number of cyan Wind Blades decreased.
Puff puff puff puff puff …
The black Wind Blades moved in different trajectories. Luo Zheng could only try his best to use his body to collide with the black Wind Blades. Under this constant collision, the power of the black Wind Blades was transferred to the bottom of the Divine Origin Magnetic Mountain.
"Ten …"
"A hundred …"
"A thousand …"
In the eyes of others, the black Wind Blades represented the existence of the Grim Reaper. However, Luo Zheng could not wait to charge at them.
Under the rapid collision, Luo Zheng smashed a total of three thousand black Wind Blades. He continued to investigate the Divine Origin Magnetic Mountain. The power of the three thousand Wind Blades was transferred to the bottom of the Divine Origin Magnetic Mountain by Luo Zheng. Now, he finally managed to cut a hole less than the thickness of a thumb.
"…"
Seeing this scene, Luo Zheng was speechless.
Despite being sliced by several thousand black wind blades, such a thin mark had only appeared on the Divine Essencefused Mountain.
And a mountain was always thin at the top and thick at the bottom. How many black wind blades would it take to peel the Divine Essencefused Mountain from its base? Wouldn't it be tens of millions or even hundreds of millions of Daos?
This was definitely not going to work. Although there were a lot of black wind blades in the storm, they were also distributed in the sky above the Chaotic Astral Ocean. It was impossible for them to rush towards Luo Zheng together. Luo Zheng admitted that he did not have this kind of charm. If he had to rely on himself to collide with those black wind blades, it would probably take him several decades to peel off the Yuan Magnetic Divine Mountain.
It wasn't that Luo Zheng didn't have the spirit to move a mountain, but he really didn't have the time.
Therefore, he could only continue to approach the center of the Chaotic Astral Ocean …
Speaking of which, Luo Zheng had once entered the center of the Chaotic Astral Ocean when the storm had stopped. Apart from some powerful Ominous Beasts, he hadn't found anything special.
Now that the storm was raging, those Level 11 Ominous Beasts probably didn't dare to float to the surface of the ocean. There were only black wind blades left in the surroundings.
Just as Luo Zheng continued to move forward for more than a thousand li, his eyes suddenly flashed. He saw a strange black wind blade not far away, cutting towards him at high speed!
This black wind blade had the same appearance as the previous black wind blade, but what was strange was the way it moved. In the process of flying, it constantly disappeared and reappeared. Therefore, at first glance, it seemed to be transparent for a moment, then black for a moment. The two colors constantly flickered, and the Wind Element Law it emitted seemed to be even more powerful!
Luo Zheng couldn't determine which level of Law this wind blade contained. So far, Luo Zheng had only cultivated the first level of the Wind Element Law. As for the black wind blade, he had learned from the seven people of the Demi-Immortal Clan that it contained the fifth level of the Wind Element Law.
However, this strange wind blade, which was constantly changing colors, contained a higher level of Law than the black wind blade. He could only estimate that this wind blade contained the sixth level of the Wind Element Law.
Luo Zheng was a little worried. With the power of the black wind blade, he was afraid that it would take forever to cut it. Therefore, when he saw this dual-colored wind blade, he was naturally overjoyed!
"Go up!"
Just as Luo Zheng rushed up, the constantly changing color wind blade had already cut into Luo Zheng's body. Extremely fast, extremely powerful. The airflow from this collision with Luo Zheng's body caused a bottomless whirlpool to suddenly spread out in the ocean below him!
Just the power it emitted was already so terrifying. The majority of this dual-colored wind blade's power had already been transferred by Luo Zheng to the Divine Essencefused Mountain.
"Boom!"
The Divine Essencefused Mountain, which was tens of thousands of miles away from Luo Zheng, suddenly shook …
This Divine Essencefused Mountain, which contained the Power of the Five Elements, had stood here for countless years. Time had not left any traces on this mountain. Whether it was the erosion of the sea day after day, or the cutting of the wind blade, this mountain had not been shaken. After all, its position was far away from the center of the storm, so there were not too many powerful wind blades.
At this moment, the Divine Essencefused Mountain suddenly shook. The huge power directly cut into the bottom of the mountain, causing a large amount of seawater to roll over. The seawater around the Divine Essencefused Mountain was like boiling water, with a huge amount of bubbles emerging. There were so many bubbles that the originally blue ocean was refracted into a milky white color, like a bowl of rice soup …
"It's effective!" Luo Zheng's face was filled with joy.
It was merely a dual-colored wind blade, but it had left a nearly three feet long cut in the bottom of the Divine Essencefused Mountain. The cut was so sharp that it was as if a god had used a huge axe to chop at the bottom of the Divine Essencefused Mountain.
The power of this dual-colored wind blade was beyond Luo Zheng's imagination. If he had not transferred the power, Luo Zheng himself would have been cut into pieces by this dual-colored wind blade.
"Again!" However, under Luo Zheng's gaze, he did not find this dual-colored wind blade again.
But this time, Luo Zheng's heart was filled with hope. Since he could find the dual-colored wind blade here, Luo Zheng could continue to move towards the center of the storm.
He continued to fly forward. Along the way, there were only a few dual-colored wind blades, but Luo Zheng did not let any of them go. After encountering dozens of dual-colored wind blades, the cut at the bottom of the Divine Essencefused Mountain grew bigger and bigger …
However, as he continued to move forward, Luo Zheng became somewhat hesitant.
Who knew what was in the center of the storm? He was not afraid of these dual-colored wind blades, but he was afraid that there were some powerful existences in the center of the storm that he could not afford to provoke. If that happened, it would be difficult for him to escape.
After hesitating for a moment, Luo Zheng clenched his teeth and continued to rush forward.
The further he went, the more dual-colored wind blades he encountered. Each of these wind blades was able to leave a three feet long cut in the bottom of the Divine Essencefused Mountain. Although the Divine Essencefused Mountain was huge, it would eventually be peeled off under such cutting. Luo Zheng's state of mind also became more stable.
However, after Luo Zheng advanced for another two hundred li, he discovered a new type of wind blade. It was actually a golden wind blade!
What was even stranger was that these golden wind blades were not like ordinary wind blades that shot out aimlessly in all directions. Instead, they were in clusters, like migratory birds drifting in the air, gathering together.
"These wind blades have intelligence?" Luo Zheng looked at the golden wind blades with a flabbergasted expression on his face.
These wind blades were just things that were produced in the storm. The stronger the wind blade, the more advanced the Law of Wind it contained. However, no matter how advanced the wind blade was, it was impossible for it to have intelligence, right? To put it bluntly, wasn't it just a bunch of wind?
However, there were too many unanswered questions in the universe. For example, Luo Zheng had merged with the will of the Vast Thousand Domains. He was originally an omnipotent existence in the Vast Thousand Domains, but now, he was still very puzzled …
Just as Luo Zheng was sizing up the golden wind blades that had condensed into clusters from afar, some of the golden wind blades actually discovered Luo Zheng. One of the golden wind blades circled in the distance, and then the other golden wind blades moved as well. They actually started to chase after Luo Zheng!
"Run!"

Chapter 975
Three thousand black wind blades were only able to leave a thumb-deep mark on the Divine Essencefused Mountain.
On the other hand, a single two-colored wind blade was able to cut a few feet deep.
The difference in power between these two wind blades could be described as tens of thousands of times greater …
As for the power of these golden wind blades, if they were equivalent to tens of thousands of two-colored wind blades, just one of them would be enough to cut the entire Divine Essencefused Mountain!
If Luo Zheng could attract just one golden wind blade, he would be very happy. After all, it would save him a lot of effort and time. The problem was that there were hundreds of golden wind blades chasing after him.
They were more than enough to cut the Divine Essencefused Mountain, but where would Luo Zheng transfer the overflowing power to?
To the Divine Kingdom Continent or the Central Domain? That terrifying power could probably cut the Divine Kingdom Continent into countless pieces …
Therefore, Luo Zheng chose to run away at the first moment.
Fortunately, Luo Zheng had been very careful along the way. He kept quite a distance from the golden wind blades and quickly left after a brief encounter. Even so, after discovering the speed of the golden wind blades, Luo Zheng was still scared out of his wits.
Although it was such a long distance, it only took ten breaths of time for the golden wind blades to appear five or six miles behind Luo Zheng. In a few more breaths of time, they would probably catch up to Luo Zheng.
At this time, Luo Zheng was rapidly making a decision. If he used his power to transfer, he didn't want to harm the Divine Kingdom Continent or the Central Domain. Of course, he couldn't transfer his power to the Sea God Continent either. If the golden wind blades really caught up to him and peeled off the Divine Essencefused Mountain, he would probably have to sacrifice the Wild Continent …
Of course, Luo Zheng still had another method. He still had the Gen token with him, so he could enter the Immortal Mansion himself!
As Luo Zheng frantically ran away, the golden wind blades were getting closer and closer. Just as Luo Zheng was about to make a decision, the golden wind blades suddenly circled in the air and made a 180-degree turn. They actually went back.
"They really have intelligence." Seeing the golden wind blades go far away, Luo Zheng heaved a sigh of relief. It was really too dangerous just now.
The golden wind blades didn't dare to chase too far. It seemed like they were protecting something. Flying over the Chaotic Astral Ocean, Luo Zheng's curiosity about the center of the storm grew. However, he didn't want to die. No matter what was inside, it couldn't possibly be born in this world. This world belonged to the Lower Realm, so it couldn't possibly give birth to such a powerful thing. Even if he sacrificed this world, Luo Zheng wouldn't be able to get close to the center of the storm.
....................................................................................
..............................
Half a month had passed. Luo Zheng's body had been baptized by nearly thirty thousand wind blades. As for the bottom of the Divine Origin Magnetic Mountain, it had been completely peeled off. There were only a few places on the edge that were connected to the bottom.
However, with Luo Zheng's current strength, even if the Divine Origin Magnetic Mountain was only a foot away from the bottom, he wouldn't be able to do anything.
.. Puff. Puff. Puff. Puff. Puff.
...................... Finally...
. Luo Zheng let out a deep breath. He glanced indifferently at the center of the storm and shook his head. Curiosity killed the cat. This wasn't a place he could approach at the moment. He turned around and flew directly toward the Divine Origin Magnetic Mountain.
.......... Luo Zheng only needed a few hours to cover the distance of ten thousand miles. Soon, Luo Zheng finally approached the Divine Origin Magnetic Mountain.
Speaking of which, although he had observed the Divine Origin Magnetic Mountain many times through the will of the Great Thousand World, this was the first time he had personally come to the Divine Origin Magnetic Mountain.
Only one-sixth of the entire Divine Origin Magnetic Mountain was floating above the sea. The huge mountain was hidden under the sea. Only the tip of the mountain was above the sea.
"Whoosh …"
Luo Zheng flew over and stood at the top of the Divine Origin Magnetic Mountain.
"Eh?" Seeing the Divine Origin Magnetic Mountain below him, Luo Zheng's eyes suddenly flashed. He recalled the Divine Origin Magnetic Stone that Divine Kingdom Crown Prince Huo Chen took out in the Divine Emperor Secret Realm. That stone was as tall as a person and seemed to fit perfectly on the top of the mountain. However, he didn't know how the stone on the top of the mountain broke.
Now that the bottom of the Divine Origin Magnetic Mountain had been peeled off, the next step was to arrange divine runes and collect the mountain.
A mountain wasn't a small thing. According to the method in the Ten Thousand Wonders, he had to arrange thirty-three six-star divine runes in various parts of the Divine Origin Magnetic Mountain and set up a space to bind it. Then, he just had to refine it.
Thinking of this, Luo Zheng took out the things he had prepared in his spatial ring one by one. Then, he firmly imprinted a divine rune on the top of the Divine Origin Magnetic Mountain.
After imprinting the first divine rune, Luo Zheng leaped and rushed down the crazily rolling waves. The divine runes in his hands circled around the mountain and imprinted on it one by one.
In the beginning, everything went smoothly. However, just as Luo Zheng was concentrating on imprinting the divine runes, dozens of creatures swept toward Luo Zheng from the deep sea.
Sound couldn't travel well in the sea. Luo Zheng could only feel the abnormality in the water behind him. He turned his head and immediately frowned. "Grade 10 Vicious Beasts?"
Grade 10 Vicious Beasts were equivalent to Life and Death Realm martial artists.
The Divine Origin Magnetic Mountain had been here for who knew how many years. Naturally, there were many creatures that relied on the Divine Origin Magnetic Mountain to survive. When these Vicious Beasts discovered that Luo Zheng was near the Divine Origin Magnetic Mountain, they immediately attacked Luo Zheng.
Among these Grade 10 Vicious Beasts, there were ugly and strange fish. There was also a huge and soft octopus with black teeth covering every inch of its body. There were also some strange creatures that Luo Zheng couldn't identify.
"You're courting death!"
Luo Zheng didn't put these Vicious Beasts in his eyes. In his eyes, even Vicious Beasts comparable to Life and Death Realm were no different from ordinary fish!
However, this time, Luo Zheng really wanted to use these Vicious Beasts to practice. The Primal Chaos Qi in his dantian swept out, and a longsword appeared in Luo Zheng's hand!
"Whoosh!"
Spurred by the Primal Chaos Qi, the Sword Intent formed a dusky cyclone, which created a string of tiny bubbles in the water.
"Puff Puff Puff …"
With a series of muffled sounds, the first batch of Vicious Beasts were cut into countless pieces by Luo Zheng. The degree of sharpness was even beyond Luo Zheng's expectations. After replacing the True Yuan in his body, Luo Zheng's strength had undergone a qualitative change. However, he was only facing Grade 10 Demonic Beasts. Although these Demonic Beasts were comparable to Life and Death Realm martial artists, their intelligence was far inferior to human martial artists.
However, the Primal Chaos Qi also had a weakness.
True Yuan was obtained by seizing the good fortune of heaven and earth. After a martial artist's True Yuan was used up, he could continuously absorb Yuan Qi of heaven and earth to replenish it. If he wanted to quickly replenish it, he could use True Yuan Stones.
The Primal Chaos Qi was somewhat troublesome. It seemed that it could only be refined quietly within his body. However, according to his master's deduction, everything in the world evolved from Primal Chaos. Therefore, everything could be restored to Primal Chaos. Luo Zheng hadn't cultivated to that level yet, so naturally, he couldn't do such a miraculous thing. Luo Zheng could only endure this shortcoming for the time being.
This sword strike had killed dozens of Vicious Beasts in front. How could the Grade 10 Vicious Beasts and even some Grade 9 Vicious Beasts not understand Luo Zheng's strength? At this time, they all fled.
As for Luo Zheng, he was too lazy to chase after them. He didn't know why these Vicious Beasts attacked him. Perhaps they knew that he was going to move the Divine Yuan Magnetic Mountain? No matter what, he had destroyed their home for thousands of years. If these guys hadn't attacked him without reason, Luo Zheng wouldn't have been willing to kill.
After driving away the Vicious Beasts, Luo Zheng quickly arranged all the Divine Runes. After these preparations were completed, Luo Zheng began to activate the Divine Runes one by one according to the method recorded in the 《Ten Thousand Wonders》. Then, he returned to the top of the Divine Yuan Magnetic Mountain. After activating the last Divine Rune, Luo Zheng suddenly patted the Divine Yuan Magnetic Mountain below and chanted, "Rise!"
＝＝＝＝＝

Chapter 976
At the same time, these special divine patterns erupted with a faint halo of light, encircling the entire Divine Essencefused Mountain.
Then, the entire Divine Essencefused Mountain trembled and slowly rose from the sea.
The Divine Essencefused Mountain's outer appearance was not much different from an ordinary mountain. It was over three thousand meters tall, and its overall weight was definitely much heavier than an ordinary mountain. Ordinary mountains were made of stone, but the Divine Essencefused Mountain was made of Divine Essencefused Stone.
However, although Divine Essencefused Stone was sturdy, it was actually not particularly heavy. The main reason was that it contained the power of the five elements, which could not be penetrated by any Law. This was the reason why it was indestructible. For example, there were other mountains that contained rich iron ores, and their weight was probably much heavier than the Divine Essencefused Mountain. However, those mountains were not of much use, so Luo Zheng naturally could not refine them.
As Luo Zheng continued to rise, the mountain submerged in the sea gradually rose as well, and the entire mountain finally left the sea.
Some of the creatures gathered on the Divine Essencefused Mountain left their nests and jumped into the sea …
At this moment, Luo Zheng lightly flicked his finger, and several dozen drops of blood flew out from his body.
"Blood Refining Technique!"
In order to collect the Divine Essencefused Mountain, not only did he need to set up these Six Star Divine Patterns, but the most crucial part was the Blood Refining Technique recorded in the 《Ten Thousand Wonders》.
When the drops of blood leaped out of Luo Zheng's body, they slowly rotated in the air. Under the operation of the Blood Refining Technique, the drops of blood fused with each other and quickly formed a palm-sized Blood Refining Rune.
The Blood Refining Rune continued to rotate, and at the same time, it covered the huge mountain.
Generally speaking, objects of the five elements like the Divine Essencefused Mountain were very difficult to collect, because no matter which Law was used, it would not be able to completely react with the Divine Essencefused Mountain. However, using the Blood Refining Technique to refine the Divine Essencefused Mountain had a miraculous effect.
It was also because of this that Luo Zheng admired his Master more and more. However, he did not know whether the various secret techniques of the 《Ten Thousand Wonders》 were created by his Master, or whether he had collected them while roaming.
As Luo Zheng's Blood Refining Rune hit the Divine Essencefused Mountain with incomparable clarity, the speed of the Divine Essencefused Mountain rapidly increased, matching the speed of the drops of blood and Blood Refining Rune from before.
"Huhu Huhu …"
However, under the rotation of such a huge mountain, its might was naturally incomparable. As the mountain rotated, it also brought about the sound of wind. From time to time, there would be some faint green wind blades striking the mountain, causing muffled sounds to erupt.
After the Blood Refining Rune was planted, it established a certain connection with Luo Zheng. However, this connection came from the connection between Luo Zheng and the Blood Refining Rune. After all, the Blood Refining Rune was formed from Luo Zheng's blood. Because of this, the connection was very weak, and Luo Zheng was unable to control the Divine Essencefused Mountain.
At this moment, the 33 Divine Essencefused Runes around the Rune Mountain erupted with resplendent light at the same time!
The 33 Divine Essencefused Runes each contained a different power. Luo Zheng had to expend a lot of effort to create these six-star Divine Essencefused Runes. Sometimes, he even had to discuss with Qinglong and ask for Qinglong's help. Qinglong had analyzed that the purpose of these 33 Divine Essencefused Runes was to temporarily suppress the Five Elements Power within the Divine Essencefused Mountain. Only in this way could the Blood Refining Rune be completely immersed within the Divine Essencefused Mountain.
And now, it was just as Qinglong had said. The Divine Essencefused Mountain originally had several colors slowly flowing within it, but as the 33 Divine Essencefused Runes took effect, the Five Elements Power within the Divine Essencefused Mountain suddenly stopped flowing!
The originally multi-colored Divine Essencefused Mountain instantly turned into a pale yellow mountain!
"The Five Elements Power has disappeared?" Luo Zheng's expression changed. He could sense that the other four Five Elements Power had completely disappeared. The only thing left in the mountain was the Law of Earth. In other words, in an instant, the Divine Essencefused Mountain had turned into an ordinary mountain …
"Pfff pfff …"
Several pale blue Wind Blades struck the Divine Essencefused Mountain, immediately creating deep dents in the 'mountain'. Before this, these Wind Blades that only contained the second level of the Law of Wind couldn't cause any substantial damage to the Divine Essencefused Mountain. Even the power of the Black Wind Blades could only leave a faint mark on the Divine Essencefused Mountain.
However, the Divine Essencefused Mountain's transformation was only temporary. If the Five Elements Power wasn't suppressed like this, wanting to subdue the Divine Essencefused Mountain was simply wishful thinking.
"The person who can think of this method to subdue the Divine Essencefused Mountain must be a peerless genius," Qinglong murmured as he watched this scene in Luo Zheng's mind.
"Refine the Divine Essencefused Mountain while its Five Elements Power is suppressed!" In an instant, Luo Zheng's hands formed several mysterious seals, and the Blood Refining Runes that were originally imprinted on the Divine Essencefused Mountain sank into the mountain's interior.
"Sumeru Realm, draw a hexagon world, collect!"
At this moment, six of the 33 Divine Essencefused Six Stars Runes erupted with the violent Law of Space.
The Law of Space instantly spread out, forming a hexagon world that enveloped the Divine Essencefused Mountain. This was actually a Sumeru Realm, and the Divine Essencefused Mountain was sucked into it.
As the Sumeru Realm gradually stabilized, the hexagon world began to rapidly shrink, and the Divine Essencefused Mountain also shrank in proportion. At the same time, the speed of rotation also became faster and faster. The thousand-meter-tall mountain in front of Luo Zheng turned into a palm-sized miniature mountain. It was still rotating, and its surface was still yellow.
After suppressing the Five Elements Power, it still needed some time to recover. Luo Zheng didn't need to worry about it. He only needed to wait until the energy of the Divine Essencefused Mountain was exhausted, and the Divine Essencefused Mountain would naturally return to its original appearance.
Holding the spinning miniature mountain in his hand, a satisfied smile appeared on Luo Zheng's face. Under the situation where the Five Elements Power was suppressed, the Divine Essencefused Mountain was indeed useless. A single punch from a Life and Death expert could probably shatter the entire mountain.
However, the method to suppress the Five Elements Power wasn't something that ordinary people could come up with. It was only recorded in the Wonders of Nature. The reason why Qinglong sighed was that the thirty-three Divine Essencefused Six Stars Runes actually disintegrated the Five Elements Power and converted it into pure Law of Earth. It was too miraculous …
According to Qinglong's knowledge, there were many holy grounds in the upper realm that used the Five Elements Power to construct defensive arrays. This was because the Five Elements Power had no absolute weakness! Therefore, the thirty-three Divine Essencefused Six Stars Runes could not only disintegrate the Five Elements Power of the Divine Essencefused Mountain, but if those powerful defensive arrays encountered this method, they would also become as fragile as eggshells.
After the Five Elements Power was restored, how sturdy would the Divine Essencefused Mountain be? Although Divine Sea experts couldn't do anything to this mountain, even Extreme God experts could only sigh when encountering this mountain. If one wanted to use brute force to shatter the Divine Essencefused Mountain, the level of power involved would most likely be at the fifth, sixth, or seventh layer of Law of Earth. However, there weren't many almighty experts in the upper realm who possessed this level of Law of Earth. Therefore, the Divine Essencefused Mountain would inevitably become a great help to Luo Zheng.
After obtaining the Divine Essencefused Mountain, Luo Zheng's goal had been achieved. However, just as he was about to collect the Divine Essencefused Mountain, his heart suddenly skipped a beat, and an extremely uncomfortable feeling arose in his heart.
"Is someone spying on me?" Luo Zheng's brows wrinkled. He swept his gaze around, and at the same time, spread out his perception.
Wind blades swept and waves rolled, but there was nothing between the heaven and earth. As for the creatures in the Chaotic Astral Ocean, they had already tasted Luo Zheng's sufferings, and this time, they had already gone into hiding.
He didn't discover any creatures spying on him, but the vigilance in his heart was even more intense!

Chapter 977
A shadow creature!
Luo Zheng's eyebrows suddenly twitched.
That black hook seemed to be made of animal bones, and its speed was incomparably fast. It headed straight for Luo Zheng, wanting to hook Luo Zheng into the crack.
Luo Zheng's reaction was also extremely fast. Just at that moment, a gust of wind swept over Luo Zheng. He immediately drifted along with the gust of wind, and his body abruptly moved a few feet to the side, barely dodging the hook!
The black hook didn't hit him. It floated in the air for a while, then unexpectedly changed direction and chased after Luo Zheng again.
"Chasing Cloud Movement Technique!"
How could Luo Zheng dare to stay any longer?
Even the seven Divine Realm experts of the Demi-Immortal Clan had to flee in front of the shadow creature. If he was really pulled into the crack, his fate could be imagined.
"Whoosh!"
The windstorm originally contained abundant Wind Element Law. When the Chasing Cloud Movement Technique was released, the Vital Essence in his body also erupted. Luo Zheng's speed instantly reached an extreme.
However, the black hook was even faster. It chased after Luo Zheng all the way, as if it wouldn't give up until Luo Zheng was hooked!
"I can't escape?" Relying on his perception, Luo Zheng knew that the black hook behind him was getting faster and faster, and it was getting closer and closer to him. His face also became gloomy.
Seeing that the black hook was only one or two feet away from Luo Zheng, and it would probably catch up to him in one or two breaths of time, Luo Zheng suddenly turned around while flying, and the power in his body madly surged out. If he couldn't escape, then he could only fight. This was probably what he thought in his heart.
However, right at this moment, a dramatic scene occurred. At the instant Luo Zheng concentrated, the hook became ramrod straight, and its tip emanated strands of cold light. However, it was unable to move in the slightest ….
Luo Zheng's eyes flashed, and a trace of a smile appeared on his face. The hook wasn't long enough.
This hook was released by the shadow creature from the back of the world. The hook could leave the back of the world, but the shadow creature couldn't.
Immediately after, the black hook shrank back with a whoosh, as if the shadow creature had given up.
However, Luo Zheng didn't let his guard down. The shadow creature seemed to be active in the "back of the Chaotic Astral Ocean." Although he didn't know what kind of malice these guys had towards him, staying here was definitely not a wise choice. Thus, he sped all the way to the Central Domain.
Sure enough, as Luo Zheng guessed, spatial cracks constantly appeared on the way, and the hook chased after Luo Zheng.
However, Luo Zheng had already fled far away from the moment he opened the spatial rift. Therefore, Luo Zheng didn't get hit by the hook even once during his mad dash.
This chase continued all the way to the edge of the Chaotic Astral Ocean, and only then did the shadow creature give up chasing him.
As for why the shadow creature gave up, Luo Zheng felt it was quite strange. It was reasonable to say that the shadow creature's range of movement was limitless. Even in the Central Domain, they could still chase after him in the shadows. So why did they suddenly stop here?
Of course, for Luo Zheng, he heaved a sigh of relief. What if these guys were still here? Even if Luo Zheng entered the Cloud Palace, they would still be able to hunt him down in the shadows. Then, he would never have a day of peace.
But why did these guys stop? Luo Zheng couldn't figure it out.
Could it be … there was something in the Central Domain that they feared?
This was simply impossible. Although there were many dangerous places in the Central Domain, after reaching the Life and Death Realm, one could enter and leave at will. For example, although the Cloud Dream Swamp was dangerous and mysterious to ordinary warriors, it wasn't scary to Luo Zheng.
On the way back to the Cloud Hall, Luo Zheng was still vigilant. He still had countless guesses in his heart. After thinking it over, Luo Zheng came up with a somewhat reasonable guess. Perhaps there was something powerful on the "back side" of the Central Domain! And the shadow creature was very afraid of those powerful things. Therefore, they didn't dare to invade the back side of the Central Domain!
But what was on the back side of the Central Domain?
Luo Zheng was also curious. With his current strength, he could also forcibly tear open space and enter.
But after thinking it over, he still gave up.
No matter what was on the back side of the Central Domain, it wasn't an existence he could provoke at his current stage. At least, that thing had existed in the Central Domain for so long, but it didn't seem to have appeared in the history of the Central Domain. Luo Zheng better not explore the back side of the Central Domain.
Luo Zheng naturally understood that his luck was very strong, but sometimes, he had to seek death. No matter how strong his luck was, it was useless!
After obtaining the Divine Essencefused Mountain, Luo Zheng returned to the Cloud Hall. In addition to cultivating the "Secret of Primal Chaos", he also had to study the Divine Essencefused Mountain. The simplest and most violent use of the Divine Essencefused Mountain was to smash people with it.
If an ordinary mountain was refined, it could be smashed to pieces by a Divine Sea Realm expert. However, the Divine Essencefused Mountain wasn't so easy to block. Of course, smashing people was only the simplest use. The Divine Essencefused Mountain could also extract the Divine Essencefused Light. The Divine Essencefused Light was the Divine Essencefused Light that evolved after the Power of the Five Elements had settled in the Divine Essencefused Mountain for countless years. It could be used for one's own use. According to the "Wonders of Nature", the Divine Essencefused Light could suppress all the Power of the Five Elements in the world.
After studying like this for two months, early one morning, Luo Zheng suddenly felt his soul tremble!
From the depths of his soul, there was a feeling of extreme joy. It was the joy of the world's will!
"Eh?"
Luo Zheng, who was still cultivating, had a strange expression on his face. He then closed his eyes and raised his eyebrows. "The Ascension Passage has been repaired!"
Luo Zheng didn't know who repaired the Ascension Passage. It could be the Demi-Immortal Clan or the Human Clan. According to the old man of the Demi-Immortal Clan, the Demi-Immortal Clan should have reached some kind of "agreement" with the Human Clan. At least, White Brow Daoist didn't find trouble with the Demi-Immortal Clan. As for who took the Evil Dragon away from the Heavenly Star Secret Territory, Luo Zheng didn't know.
He didn't expect the Ascension Passage to be so efficient. In such a short time, the Ascension Passage had been repaired …
However, in the Great Thousand World, besides Luo Zheng himself, all the creatures below the Divine Sea Realm were in a state of indifference.
The strength of Life and Death Realm experts wasn't enough to be rejected by the Great Thousand World. They couldn't ascend, so whether the Ascension Passage was repaired or not had nothing to do with them.
However, it was different for Divine Sea Realm experts!
Within the four Divine Kingdoms, dozens of Divine Sea Realm experts felt an invisible repulsive force being exerted on their bodies at this moment!
The repulsive force was trying to squeeze them out of this plane!
The moment they felt the repulsive force, the Divine Sea Realm experts were ecstatic. Even Battle Emperor Yu the Great, Tianfeng War Emperor, and the others were the same.
They dreamed day and night in the hope that one day, they could ascend to the Upper World. The repulsive force was great news for them.
In less than half an hour after the repulsive force appeared, a bright silver light burst out from the Black Iron Divine Kingdom and shot up into the sky!
"Damn it, who is this guy? Why are they so impatient?" Zhou Huang couldn't help but curse in the palace of the Black Iron Divine Kingdom.
It was true that the Divine Sea Realm experts in the four Divine Kingdoms had been holding back for countless years. Everyone was impatient, but they couldn't just ascend recklessly!
The four Divine Kingdoms had a good relationship with each other, but they maintained a balance of strength. If all the Divine Sea Realm experts in the Black Iron Divine Kingdom ascended and Zhou Huang was the only one left, how could this huge Divine Kingdom continue to function?
Therefore, Zhou Huang immediately summoned all the Divine Sea Realm experts in the Black Iron Divine Kingdom to the palace!
The problem was that those mighty warriors of the Spirit Sea Realm all wanted to ascend. Originally, they could ascend as long as they reached the Spirit Sea Realm. Most of them had reached the Spirit Sea Realm for many years. Zhou Huang couldn't stop them!

Chapter 978
Just as Zhou Huang announced the summons, two or three more silver lights shot into the sky. Only half of the Divine Sea Realm masters obeyed Zhou Huang's order and rushed towards the Black Iron Divine Kingdom's palace. These Divine Sea Realm masters had a good relationship with Zhou Huang. Some of them were even martial artists from the Zhou Family …
This situation didn't only happen in the Black Iron Divine Kingdom. Outside the Sky Feather Holy Sea, silver lights constantly shot into the sky. This became a spectacle that the citizens of the four Divine Kingdoms praised!
Some of the Divine Sea Realm masters weren't in such a hurry, but after handing over the affairs of their families and instructing their disciples, they also chose to ascend.
In fact, Zhou Huang, Tianfeng War Emperor, Sky Fortune Kingdom King, and Battle Emperor Yu the Great were also anxious. How could they not be anxious when they saw their subordinates scrambling to ascend? But they were kings after all. They weren't like the Divine Sea Realm masters who were all alone. At most, they could leave after telling the juniors of their families.
As kings, they had too many things to take care of before they could ascend.
Battle Emperor Yu the Great was the angriest of them all. There were close to 20 Divine Sea Realm masters in the Great Yu Divine Kingdom. In just half a day, almost all of them had ascended. Only one person was left behind, and that person was his brother from the Liu Family!
The moment the ascension passage was repaired, Battle Emperor Yu the Great had already announced that he was summoning all the Divine Sea Realm masters. But these guys who used to be very respectful to him didn't care about him at all! Battle Emperor Yu the Great originally wanted to threaten these guys. If anyone dared to ascend without permission, he would exterminate their families! But he didn't say this out loud. He was going to ascend too. If he ascended, so what if the Liu Family was exterminated?
This was also because Battle Emperor Yu the Great was too harsh on the other Divine Sea Realm cultivators in the Divine Nation. Now, everyone was like a bird that had just broken free from its shackles. They no longer had to endure Battle Emperor Yu the Great's humiliation. Why would they listen to him?
Relatively speaking, there were more Divine Sea Realm warriors left in the other three Divine Kingdoms. However, within a day, seventy percent of the Divine Sea Realm warriors had ascended. It was believed that soon, there would be a reshuffling of the forces in the Divine Kingdoms. After all, all the Divine Sea Realm warriors would ascend, which would weaken the four Divine Kingdoms. By then, it would be a competition between Life and Death Realm warriors.
…
Such a situation of fighting to be the first to ascend had never happened in the Sea God Continent.
The reason was simple. The number of Spirit Sea Realm warriors on the Seagod Continent was far less than on the Divine Kingdom Continent. Every race had at least two or three Spirit Sea Realm warriors. Also, the Divine Kingdom Continent was in a state of chaos. As Spirit Sea Realm warriors, they naturally had a strong sense of mission and crisis. The Divine Kingdom Continent was dominated by human beings, so there was no sense of crisis.
However, Situ Haotian and the others still discussed this issue for a long time.
Among them, Liu Yu was the most depressed.
Now that the Tower of Sin had been fully opened, the number of experts on the Sea God's Continent would experience an explosive breakthrough.
The humans who controlled the Tower of Sin and the Yao Night Clan would definitely become the rulers of the Sea God's Continent.
However, that wasn't what Liu Yu was depressed about. She didn't want to ascend ….
In the past, Liu Yu had a strong desire to ascend. She understood her own talent. Through the Tower of Sin, she also understood that if her talent was recognized by the Demi-Immortal Clan, even if she was only ranked in the second row, she would definitely be an outstanding existence in the higher realms. She would be able to shine even brighter for the Yao Night Clan and win even more glory for the three kings.
But now …. She didn't want to ascend.
The reason was simple. She was already involuntarily involved in the battle between the two kings.
Luo Zheng had shattered the statue of the King of Punishment twice, causing the latter to be in a violent rage. When Luo Zheng returned to the Sky Feather Holy Land last time, he had a direct confrontation with the King of Punishment. The King of Punishment had also ordered her to kill Luo Zheng and Xun.
However, Liu Yu didn't do as she was told. Logically speaking, she had already disobeyed the will of a king and deserved the death penalty.
If she ascended and returned to the Yao Night Clan, it was easy to imagine what would happen to her ….
But if she didn't ascend, was she going to remain in the Divine Sea realm for the rest of her life? Although she was still very young, only a little over two hundred years old, every cultivator had their own ambitions. How could she be content with staying in a corner and wasting her lifespan?
Thus, Liu Yu had been in a state of conflict ever since the ascension passageway was opened ….
… …
As for the Central Domain, no almighty Divine Sea realm cultivators had been born in the Central Domain ….
The matter of the Ascension Passageway's restoration caused a huge uproar in other places. Even on the undeveloped Desolate Continent, some living beings ascended. In the Boundless Sea, some powerful savage beasts ascended as well.
However, in the Central Domain, apart from Luo Zheng, no one else knew about this. The sun rose as usual. The commoners continued to live their ordinary lives, while the cultivators continued to cultivate without slacking off.
As for Luo Zheng, he had already begun his third Life Death Tribulation.
As long as the black eye didn't appear, the minor Heavenly Tribulation wasn't much of a threat to Luo Zheng. After taking the pill from the old man from the Demi-Immortal Clan, Luo Zheng's cultivation increased by several levels. According to the old man, the pill could only speed up his advancement to the Divine Sea realm, but for the current Luo Zheng, it was already very useful.
Time passed quickly. Apart from cultivating and accompanying the three women, Luo Zheng also cast his gaze on the four Divine Kingdoms. He found that most of the almighty Divine Sea realm cultivators in the four Divine Kingdoms had ascended. Only five or six relatively young almighty Divine Sea realm cultivators were still in the Divine Kingdoms.
What surprised Luo Zheng even more was that Huo Yuner had also ascended ….
This woman with the bloodline of the True Phoenix had also ascended, which really surprised Luo Zheng. However, after some investigation, Luo Zheng understood that she hadn't ascended.
When she left this world, Huo Yuner had just broken through to the Life and Death realm. However, the bloodline of the True Phoenix in her body had erupted, giving birth to a special flame. As for what this flame had, Luo Zheng didn't know. However, after she entered the flame, she disappeared from this plane. Luo Zheng guessed that she didn't go to the Human Realm. Most likely, she went to the Great Realm where the True Phoenix Clan resided.
Thinking of his promise to her that he would return to the Divine Kingdom Continent in the future, Luo Zheng felt a little regretful. However, since she had entered the Great Realm, there was a possibility that they would meet again in the future. However, the Hundred Thousand Great Realms were unimaginably vast. Luo Zheng also knew that this hope was very slim.
Time passed quickly. Luo Zheng's cultivation was also steadily improving.
In the past two years, he had checked the Soul Cultivation Wood several times. His soul was still slowly recovering under the nourishment of the Soul Cultivation Wood, but he still fell into a deep sleep and didn't wake up.
As for Feng Nianyun …
Under Qinglong's request, Luo Zheng also had her communicate with Qinglong several times. There was no way to undo the Soul Seal in the Great Realm in the Great Realm. If he wanted to undo it, he would have to return to the Great Realm.
If Luo Zheng ascended in the future, he couldn't bring Feng Nianyun with him.
In fact, there was a simple way to send Feng Nianyun back to the Great Realm. The Rising Dragon Platform could easily do it. Moreover, Feng Nianyun originally belonged to the True Dragon Clan. Naturally, the Rising Dragon Platform was the most suitable. Unfortunately, as soon as Luo Zheng suggested this, Feng Nianyun and Qinglong both refused.
It seemed that Qinglong wasn't the only one involved with the True Dragon Clan. Feng Nianyun also didn't want to return to the True Dragon Clan. As such, Luo Zheng didn't have a good way to help Feng Nianyun.
He could only place her body in the depths of the Cloud Hall and guard it closely. No one was allowed to approach it.
In the future, when he found a way to undo the Soul Seal in the Great Realm, he would return to the Great Realm to help Feng Nianyun undo the seal.
Luo Zheng's cultivation was still rising rapidly. The pills of the old man from the Demi-Immortal Clan continued to take effect. Soon, Luo Zheng ushered in the fourth Life and Death Tribulation. The interval between the fourth and third Life and Death Tribulations was only three months!
The interval between each Life and Death Tribulation was getting shorter and shorter.
For Luo Zheng, these were the most comfortable days. He even wanted to deliberately suppress the speed of his cultivation and take some time to accompany the three women. However, the rapid improvement of his cultivation made Luo Zheng feel somewhat helpless.
However, he had thought it through. Even if he entered the Divine Ocean Realm, he would suppress himself and not be in a hurry to ascend.
However, after the fifth Life and Death Tribulation, he strangely found that he was rejected by the Great Thousand World!
＝＝＝＝＝

Chapter 979
Generally speaking, only after breaking through to the Divine Sea Realm and opening up an inner world would the Great Thousand World sense it and repel it.
However, Luo Zheng was only at the fifth layer of Life and Death Realm, yet he could feel the repulsive force. This was a bit strange.
Moreover, Luo Zheng had already fused with the will of the world, yet he was still repelled by the Great Thousand World. Wasn't this the same as repelling himself?
Unfortunately, Luo Zheng couldn't question the Great Thousand World. Even if he did, he wouldn't get an answer. The Great Thousand World was the collection of all the creatures in the world, not a single will.
Even if he felt the repulsive force, Luo Zheng still tried his best to suppress it. Resisting this repulsive force even consumed Luo Zheng's strength!
"Something's wrong." Luo Zheng couldn't figure it out.
Through the will of the Great Thousand World, Luo Zheng also investigated the four Divine Kingdoms and Sea God Continent. Liu Yu and the others should also be repelled, but they seemed to be easily suppressing themselves in this plane. This force didn't cause them too much trouble.
However, ever since Luo Zheng's cultivation broke through to the fifth layer of Life and Death Realm, this invisible repulsive force became stronger and stronger with each passing day. It could even be said that it had multiplied!
On the first day, Luo Zheng was still very relaxed.
On the second day, the repulsive force was already pressuring Luo Zheng.
On the third day, the repulsive force was already affecting Luo Zheng. He had to divert his attention to suppress it, or else he wouldn't be able to concentrate on cultivation.
On the fourth day, Luo Zheng's face revealed a bitter expression! He had to divert a lot of his strength to suppress it!
At this time, Ning Yudie also noticed the strange look on Luo Zheng's face. She was also worried about her husband, so when she saw the worried look on Luo Zheng's face, she thought that Luo Zheng was not feeling well.
However, at this level of cultivation, it could be said that he was immune to all kinds of diseases. Those small problems simply didn't exist …
In order to dispel Ning Yudie's doubts, Luo Zheng forced himself to be calm and told Ning Yudie that it was nothing.
However, on the fifth day, Luo Zheng couldn't bear it anymore. He gathered the three women and told them the truth. He was afraid that he couldn't suppress the repulsive force and would be driven out of the Great Thousand World.
After the three women heard this, they were all shocked.
Although they knew that Luo Zheng would eventually ascend, Luo Zheng was still at the fifth layer of Life and Death Realm, they could accompany Luo Zheng for a period of time. How could he ascend now?
However, when they saw how strained Luo Zheng was, the three women had no choice but to believe him.
Ning Yudie was depressed. After accompanying her husband for a thousand days, there would eventually be a day when they would part. She didn't like it being so sudden …
Luo Zheng was even more depressed. He didn't know what the Great Thousand World meant. Originally, he had merged with the will of the Great Thousand World and was the spokesperson of this plane. Now, the Great Thousand World couldn't wait to kick him out. He couldn't figure it out. As for Qinglong, he was also puzzled. No matter how he looked at it, he couldn't explain this phenomenon in Luo Zheng's body.
In the end, Qinglong attributed the problem to the Primal Chaos Secret Technique that Luo Zheng cultivated. The problem could only be here because ascension was actually related to the Inner World. Ordinary people would only ascend after opening the Inner World, but the Inner World was formed by a sea of Vital Qi.
Although Luo Zheng didn't open the Inner World, it didn't contain Vital Qi, but Chaotic Qi!
Luo Zheng could only agree with this conjecture. However, the Primal Chaos Secret Technique that he cultivated had embarked on a completely different path from others. Perhaps even his master couldn't explain it. Only Qinglong's conjecture was the most reliable.
On the fifth day, Luo Zheng had to spare one-third of his strength to suppress himself!
On the sixth day, Luo Zheng had to use the power of the dragon scale. Only in this way could he prevent himself from being "ascended".
At this time, Luo Zheng knew that he probably couldn't drag it out until today.
In the past two days, Ning Yudie and Su Lingyun had completely stopped cultivating. After this separation, they didn't know when they would meet again. As for Xi Youqin, she had been sticking to Luo Zheng all day long. These two days, she had stuck to him even tighter. She also knew that after Luo Zheng left, she would also leave the Central Domain and enter the Indefinite Tower of the Extreme Purple Realm to cultivate.
Xi Youqin was struggling with another problem. The Upper World was so big that her brain couldn't even imagine it. Even if she succeeded in cultivating in the Extreme Purple Realm, how could she find Luo Zheng in the future?
The power of the dragon scale was not endless. Luo Zheng continued to use the power of the dragon scale to suppress himself. Even the dragon scales seemed to dim. Fortunately, Luo Zheng had a lot of dragon scales lit up in his body. After this batch of dragon scales dimmed, he could extract the power of another batch of dragon scales.
At noon, Xi Youqin hurriedly cooked a table full of dishes.
The family gathered in the Ice Palace of the Cloud Hall. The expressions on the faces of the three girls were different, but their eyes showed that they were reluctant to part with him.
Luo Zheng was thinking about things in his mind. After all, there were some details that he wanted to clarify. However, with Ning Yudie's current strength, there seemed to be no one in the Central Domain who could pose a threat to her. He was just afraid that she would accidentally enter the reverse side of the world in the future, so he would remind her of these things …
At night, Luo Zheng could no longer suppress the repulsive force.
The moment Luo Zheng withdrew the power of the dragon scale, a bright silver light enveloped Luo Zheng. In the light, Luo Zheng smiled faintly at Ning Yudie and the other two girls.
Ning Yudie bit her lips and wanted to say something, but the bright silver light was getting denser and denser. Luo Zheng's entire body was submerged in it, and his appearance could no longer be seen clearly. Then, he suddenly shot up into the sky!
Because it was nighttime, this brilliant ray of light was even more dazzling than a bolt of lightning. Everyone in an area of 500km around the city had witnessed this scene, and all sorts of rumors arose. However, they suddenly didn't know that the number one expert of the central territory had ascended to the higher dimensions amidst this ray of light.
The three girls stared blankly at the empty hall. Suddenly, they felt that something was missing in their hearts.
Among them, Xi Youqin was the calmest. She still believed that it wouldn't be long before she could meet Luo Zheng again!
At this moment, she looked at Ning Yudie's uncomfortable expression and suddenly said, "What were you planning to say to Luo Zheng just now?"
Ning Yudie pursed her lips and lowered her head to look at the floor. She said, "Nothing …."
When she saw Ning Yudie's expression, how could Xi Youqin believe Ning Yudie's words? However, since Ning Yudie didn't say anything, Xi Youqin couldn't force her.
Ning Yudie had just turned around when she suddenly clutched her chest. Her throat felt uncomfortable, and she couldn't help but retch.
Xi Youqin and Su Lingyun stared blankly at her. Suddenly, they understood something. Ning Yudie was actually pregnant.
In fact, Ning Yudie had realized that she was pregnant several days ago. However, she didn't have the time to tell Luo Zheng. In the past two days, she suddenly heard that Luo Zheng couldn't suppress himself and was about to be kicked out of this world. This made her even more anxious.
A cultivator's control over their body was far beyond that of ordinary people. In front of Luo Zheng, it was naturally easy for her to suppress her morning sickness. However, a living creature was forming in her stomach. This was a normal reaction. Suppressing it wasn't a good thing. It was only after Luo Zheng left that she started retching ….
Seeing Ning Yudie's uncomfortable expression, Xi Youqin muttered, "Why didn't you tell him?"
Ning Yudie shook her head. "Now isn't the time."
Xi Youqin smiled faintly. "It doesn't matter. When I meet Luo Zheng in the future, I'll tell him!"
"What do you mean?" The feeling of retching finally dissipated. When Ning Yudie heard this, she was also puzzled.
"Nothing." Xi Youqin smiled faintly. "I'm also leaving the Central Domain. Tomorrow, I'll go to the Void Spirit Sect to bid farewell to my great-grandfather and Xi Youjie!"
"You're going to the Purple Extreme Realm?" Ning Yudie asked with a frown.
Although Luo Zheng didn't say it, Ning Yudie knew that he wanted her to protect Xi Youqin and Su Lingyun. After all, she was the strongest now.
"Yes!" Xi Youqin nodded proudly. In the absence of Luo Zheng, Xi Youqin's temperament had returned to its original state.
Ning Yudie didn't expect this at all. She said almost reflexively, "I won't allow it."
However, how could Xi Youqin listen to Ning Yudie? She just snorted coldly. "You can't control me!"
Ning Yudie also knew that she couldn't interfere with Xi Youqin. In fact, on the day of her dual cultivation ceremony with Luo Zheng, she also saw the old man from the Celestial Clan talking a lot with Xi Youqin. Xi Youqin seemed to be exuberant, so it must be related to this matter. Looking at Xi Youqin's calm and collected appearance now, Ning Yudie was even more certain.
Therefore, Ning Yudie even had a hint of selfishness when she stopped Xi Youqin this time. It was probably because she couldn't ascend to the Upper Realm now because her cultivation wasn't enough. Naturally, she didn't want Xi Youqin to go to the Purple Extreme Realm. It was too shameless to save the country in such a roundabout way …
The two women were arguing, but they didn't notice Su Lingyun next to them.
The determination in Su Lingyun's heart was magnified countless times at this time. She knew that her talent was the weakest, so she had to work ten times harder than the two women to catch up to them.

Chapter 980
Enveloped by the bright silver light, Luo Zheng's speed grew faster and faster, and he flew higher and higher.
An invisible force pushed him away from this plane, shooting him toward the boundless sky.
Creatures that were too powerful would be rejected by the entire plane. The experts of the Celestial Clan should have used some kind of secret technique to avoid this repulsive force. It was just like how people who didn't know how to swim would find it difficult to overcome their own buoyancy and sink to the bottom of the water.
If Luo Zheng wanted to return to the Vast Thousand World in the future, he would probably have to master this secret technique.
Luo Zheng looked down at the dark and lofty continent below him. In the beginning, he could faintly see some lights coming from Cloudsea City, Apocalypse City, and a few other large cities. But as he flew up, the entire continent became smaller and smaller in his field of vision. After a while, Luo Zheng could already see the Divine Kingdom Continent and the Central Domain Continent.
"Whoosh … whoosh …"
The sound of wind mixed with the sound of metal colliding could be heard. It was the Astral Wind that was attacking him.
At this moment, the Astral Wind, which was invincible, was unable to cause any harm to Luo Zheng. The bright silver light formed a special layer of protective film. Ordinary attacks seemed to only be able to pass through Luo Zheng's body and were unable to cause any harm to him.
After passing through the Astral Wind layer, Luo Zheng continued to fly higher.
When Luo Zheng cultivated the Stellar Battle Body, he had already experienced this. But at that time, Luo Zheng relied on the gravity of the stars to guide his perception to soar. Now, Luo Zheng's physical body was roaming the sky! However, this wasn't Luo Zheng's own strength. Instead, he was relying on the repulsive force of the Vast Thousand World.
As Luo Zheng moved further and further away from the Vast Thousand World, his connection with the Vast Thousand World gradually weakened. At this moment, Luo Zheng suddenly thought of an important matter.
When he was in the Great Wide World, Luo Zheng could transfer his power to any place in the world at will. Now that he had left the Great Wide World, could he still do it?
With the miraculous ability to transfer power, Luo Zheng was almost invincible in this plane. No matter how powerful the power was, it was almost impossible to cause any substantial harm to Luo Zheng, unless the power was so strong that the entire Vast Thousand World couldn't bear it. In that case, the entire Vast Thousand World would be destroyed.
However, after leaving the Great Wide World, would this ability still be effective?
Thinking of this, Luo Zheng's heart stirred. He wanted to transfer his power, but … Luo Zheng's face revealed a trace of a bitter smile. The transfer of power had already lost its effect.
This important ability was lost after leaving the Great Wide World.
Although Luo Zheng felt a little regretful, his mentality soon became calm. After all, the transfer of power was not Luo Zheng's own ability, but a strength that could only be exerted with the help of the Vast Thousand World.
The cultivation of a cultivator emphasized more on his own strength. Relying on external forces could make him strong for a while, but in the end, he couldn't be proud for a lifetime. Relying too much on this ability would only make Luo Zheng unable to fully gain experience!
However, although the ability to transfer power could not be used, the memory of the Vast Thousand World still existed in Luo Zheng's mind. He still maintained a weak connection with the Vast Thousand World and could look up the past and present events of the entire Vast Thousand World.
Therefore, even after leaving this plane, Luo Zheng could still observe the movements of Ning Yudie and the others …
The speed of the physical body was far slower than the speed of perception, and it was also slower than the ascension channel opened by the Rising Dragon Platform. Luo Zheng was like a leaf drifting in the wind, drifting in the vast universe.
For a few days, Luo Zheng maintained a motionless posture.
Luo Zheng had seen the scenery in the universe dozens of times. This time, he closed his eyes and observed the movements in the Cloud Hall through the memory of the Vast Thousand World …
He saw Ning Yudie sitting in the ice palace in a daze, looking up at the sky in a slight daze. Seeing Xi Youqin like this, Luo Zheng felt a little distressed.
He also saw Su Lingyun with a serious expression on her face, cultivating meticulously …
However, where was Xi Youqin? Why was she missing?
He transferred his thoughts into that mass of memory, but he could not find any trace of her in the entire Vast Thousand World.
With Xi Youqin's cultivation, it was impossible for her to ascend. At present, there was only one explanation — she had already gone to the Extreme Purple Realm.
Why did she go to the Extreme Purple Realm?
Luo Zheng was also somewhat puzzled. Ever since the old man from the Demi-Immortal Clan came once, Xi Youqin had been evasive several times. She was hiding something from Luo Zheng.
After thinking for a long time, Luo Zheng still could not figure it out, so he could only let it be. This woman was extremely obedient in front of him, but her willfulness was almost innate. Whatever she wanted to do, Luo Zheng could not control it.
It took him a month to ascend to the Immortal Realm.
After a month, Luo Zheng's light suddenly scattered, and he rushed into a big dark hole at an extremely high speed. After passing through the big hole, a loud noise suddenly came from above.
"Boom!"
This violent noise was like thousands of thunderbolts, shaking Luo Zheng's ears, almost making Luo Zheng faint, and his whole mind was a mess.
When Luo Zheng gradually regained his consciousness, he found himself lying in a square well.
The clear water in this square well glowed with a light blue light, and the well water was so clear that one could see the bottom. Soaking in this light blue water gave Luo Zheng an extremely comfortable feeling.
In addition to Luo Zheng, there were several other people in this square well!
Like Luo Zheng, these people's faces were full of confusion, as if they did not know their situation.
Luo Zheng casually sized them up. These people were all in the Divine Sea Realm, but they seemed to have just stepped into the Divine Sea Realm. These people's strength was far inferior to Zhou Huang and the Tianfeng War Emperor in the Divine Kingdom Continent. Even the three Mansion Masters of the Profound Jade Martial House were far inferior.
These people should have ascended as well …
Luo Zheng guessed in his heart. Moreover, they were warriors who had just cultivated to the Divine Sea Realm and chose to ascend.
Because of the Ascension Passage in the Divine Kingdom Continent, many Divine Sea Realm warriors were unable to ascend. In the long years, their cultivation had risen to the middle stage of the Divine Sea Realm, and even the late stage of the Divine Sea Realm. These warriors who had just entered the Divine Sea Realm naturally could not be mentioned in the same breath.
"This, is this the Upper Realm …" A warrior looked at this square well for a long time and finally asked.
Another person nodded, "It should be! But what's up with this square well? "
The others shook their heads silently.
However, in the corner, a woman in plain clothes said, "This should be the Ascension Well."
"The Ascension Well?" The others asked at the same time.
The woman in plain clothes nodded, "I heard that some Holy Lands in the Upper Realm use the Ascension Well to guide the ascenders from the universe. I guess these square wells should be the Ascension Well, but I don't know which Holy Land we ascended to."
"Must it be the Holy Land of the Human Race? What if it's some other race's Holy Land? "A bearded man lightly said.
The woman in plain clothes continued to say, "This situation is relatively rare because there is a mysterious karmic connection between races. However … I heard that there are cases of people ascending to other races' Great Worlds. For instance, a human Holy Land has just been taken away by the Demon Race. If we ascend here, I'm afraid …"
"I'm afraid what?" A tall and thin warrior asked.
The woman in plain clothes faintly smiled, "If we fall into the hands of the Demon Race, we naturally won't be able to survive."
Hearing this, the others' complexions changed!
Those that could reach the Divine Sea Realm and ascend to the Upper Realm were all peak powerhouses in the Lower Realm they came from. The reason they chose to leave in such a hurry was because of their own ambitions, or perhaps it was driven by their own ambitions. They wanted to reach a higher level of cultivation and pursue the pinnacle of martial arts.
If they ascended to the Upper Realm and ended up in the wrong place, or even fell into the hands of the Demon Race or some other incomparably cruel race, then they wouldn't even have a place to cry.
To die before they even achieved victory, everyone was afraid of this situation.

Chapter 981
Only after breaking through to the Divine Sea Realm could one ascend. This had almost become the law of the universe.
Were the people in the Ascension Well all at the Divine Sea Realm? How could there be a Life and Death Realm kid in front of them?
Moreover, when the plain-clothed woman talked about ascending to other races, she quietly paid attention to Luo Zheng. She also noticed that this Life and Death Realm kid was the calmest. This calmness wasn't an act, but came from his heart. This was the characteristic of a Martial Heart that was extremely stable.
Indeed, they were all Divine Sea Realm warriors. Cultivating to this point, their Martial Hearts had been baptized by years of trials and tribulations. However, it was still difficult to be as calm as Luo Zheng.
It was also because of this that the plain-clothed woman paid more attention to Luo Zheng.
"Although the water in this well is comfortable, it's not a good idea to keep soaking in it! Let's go out first! "One of the warriors suggested.
This suggestion was immediately seconded by the others. One of them suddenly felt his body become light. His whole body floated above the well water, and he immediately rushed towards the well.
However, that person only rushed halfway before a muffled sound rang out. It was as if his head had hit an invisible wall, and with a plop, he fell back into the well.
"What's going on?"
"There seems to be a transparent cover above this well?"
The others asked one after another.
Luo Zheng indifferently glanced at the sky above the well. At the same time, he also jumped up and stretched his hand towards the void.
Sure enough, there was an invisible barrier above this well. If he wanted to break through this well, he had to open this barrier first.
Luo Zheng was extremely confident in his own strength, but he didn't do so. The key point was that Luo Zheng was unfamiliar with this place. It was better for him not to act rashly. Although he wasn't afraid of trouble, he didn't want to get into trouble for no reason.
"Plop!"
After sinking into the well water, Luo Zheng indifferently said, "There is indeed a barrier above. It should be man-made."
The few people in the well nodded. Everyone curiously sized up Luo Zheng. The more the bearded warrior looked, the more confused he became. He laughed and said, "How could you ascend when you're only at the Life and Death Realm? Is there a mistake? "
"Right! A Life and Death realm brat can actually ascend? I've never heard of such a thing!"
"Originally, I thought that since I had just opened my Deity Ocean, I would be at the bottom of the Upper Realm. I didn't expect that there would be a Life and Death Realm martial artist here. Hehe …"
There was a trace of disdain in the words of these people.
They were all Spirit Sea Realm warriors after all. How could they take Life and Death Realm warriors seriously?
Only the plain-clothed woman didn't look at Luo Zheng this way. In her opinion, ascending with the cultivation of Life and Death realm meant that he had broken the rules of ascension. Such a person was truly frightening. If her premonition was correct, this person's strength was absolutely not as simple as Life and Death realm!
Hearing their words, Luo Zheng's face was still indifferent. He stretched his body, trying to get as close to the well water as possible.
They didn't expect to soak in the well water for half a month. During this half a month, everyone could only stay in this small well, which was a bit boring. Moreover, the enchantment above the well could even isolate the world's origin energy. When they cultivated, they could only use the best grade true origin stones they carried with them to replenish their true essence.
Half a month later, everyone suddenly heard a series of footsteps.
Not long after, an armored warrior stood on the edge of the well, indifferently looking at the group of people below. At the same time, they heard the armored warrior say, "They should have been bathing for half a month. I don't know if this group of bumpkins from the Lower Realm have washed off the smell of dirt on their bodies!"
Hearing this, everyone in the well suddenly flew into a rage!
It was true that they came from the Lower Realm. However, as the top existences in the Lower Realm, they were usually aloof! Some of them were originally the kings of Divine Kingdoms. How could they endure such humiliation when they were the object of worship of countless creatures in a Divine Kingdom?
What's more, heroes didn't matter where they came from. How could warriors from the Lower Realm be so unbearable?
Therefore, the faces of those warriors were extremely gloomy. They angrily stared at the armored warrior above the well. However, when they thought that they couldn't do anything, they couldn't do anything.
Luo Zheng smiled slightly. His eyes were full of indifference. It seemed that this big world was similar to the Lower Realm. There was no lack of such people everywhere.
The armored warrior above the well felt the angry gazes below and laughed. "I know you are not convinced. However, to be honest, if you didn't bathe your bodies in the well of purification and jump out directly, I'm afraid you wouldn't be able to withstand the violent Yuan Qi of Heaven and Earth! Do you think our big world is the same as your small place? "
"Violent Yuan Qi of Heaven and Earth? What do you mean?" Everyone looked at each other.
The armored warrior laughed. "Anyway, you have been soaking in the well water for half a month. It seems that it's about time. I'll let you feel it!"
After saying this, the armored warrior undid the enchantment above the well!
The moment the armored warrior undid the enchantment, everyone felt a violent and chaotic power sweep over from above the well!
The expressions of the people in the well changed. When this violent power was released, it immediately gave them an invisible pressure, causing them to feel extremely uncomfortable.
"What's the matter with the Yuan Qi of Heaven and Earth?"
"It can even stimulate my Dantian …"
"My True Core Sea is stirring up turbulent waves!"
Even the plain-clothed woman, who knew a lot about the Upper Realm, didn't look good.
All of a sudden, these Spirit Sea Realm warriors found that their True Essence Sea was reacting with the violent natural essence. The seawater formed by the True Essence in their Inner Worlds was rolling up strange waves, as if their entire Inner Worlds were about to roll over. Of course, this feeling was uncomfortable.
Some martialists who couldn't bear it realized that the water in the well was the only thing that could protect them. Hence, they submerged their entire bodies into the well water. This was the only way to make them feel better.
"What a violent Yuan Qi of Heaven and Earth." Luo Zheng also felt the abnormality of the Yuan Qi of Heaven and Earth.
The Yuan Qi of Heaven and Earth was almost omnipresent in the universe. However, the Yuan Qi of Heaven and Earth in this big world was completely different from the Yuan Qi of Heaven and Earth in the Great Thousand World! If the Yuan Qi of Heaven and Earth in the Great Thousand World was described as a docile sheep, then the Yuan Qi of Heaven and Earth in this big world was a ferocious tiger or leopard!
However, no matter how violent the Yuan Qi of Heaven and Earth was, it didn't have much effect on Luo Zheng.
The reason was simple. He didn't have any True Core in his body. After practicing the Secret Skill of Primal Chaos, Luo Zheng's Dantian had undergone earth-shaking changes. Even if there was only Chaotic Qi in his Dantian, it wouldn't be affected by the violent Yuan Qi of Heaven and Earth.
Luo Zheng looked at these Divine Sea Realm experts with a strange expression. "Even if the Yuan Qi of Heaven and Earth is violent and hard to tame and absorb, these Divine Sea Realm warriors shouldn't have such a reaction, right?" Of course, he was asking Qinglong. If even the Divine Sea Realm experts couldn't stand the Yuan Qi of Heaven and Earth, then what about the other warriors in the big world?
The big world was rich in resources, but after all, not everyone was a Divine Sea Realm expert. There must be countless mortals, countless Primordial creatures, and countless Divine Reflection Realm warriors …
If even the Divine Sea Realm experts couldn't stand it, how could those Primordial creatures survive?
Qinglong smiled faintly in Luo Zheng's mind. "It's nothing strange. The reason is simple. It's like the fish that live in the deep sea. They can't survive in the shallow sea. If they are fished out of the deep sea by force, I'm afraid they will explode and die."
"I know. It's because of the water pressure." Luo Zheng nodded.
"Yes, the same problem exists in the Yuan Qi of Heaven and Earth. It's called the pressure of the Yuan Qi. Although they are Divine Sea Realm experts, they also need a period of adaptation. After this period of adaptation, they won't feel so uncomfortable," Qinglong answered.
"But when I went to the Zhenlong Field, I didn't feel the pressure of the Yuan Qi!" Luo Zheng asked again.
Luo Zheng had not only been to the Zhenlong Field, but also to the Extreme Purple Realm. Ning Yudie and Xi Youqin had also been there. At that time, Luo Zheng didn't feel anything strange.
＝＝＝＝＝

Chapter 982
Qing Long explained to Luo Zheng's confusion. There were differences between big realms. The Zhenlong Realm and the Extreme Purple Realm were not complete big realms. The Yuan Qi of Heaven and Earth in these realms was almost the same as in the lower realms …
Luo Zheng nodded slightly. At this moment, the soldier saw the reactions of the Divine Sea Realm experts in the square wells and burst into laughter. "Look at you guys. Haha, every time I open a well, I see this scene. It's so funny!"
Although the Divine Sea Realm experts in the well water were angry, they could do nothing about it. The feeling of the Vital Spirit Sea rolling in their bodies was too uncomfortable. No one wanted to float up from the well water.
"It seems that there is no one worth seeing in this well. Take your time to get used to it!" After saying this, the soldier retreated.
Since the seal on the square wells had disappeared, there was no need for Luo Zheng to stay in the well water. Besides, he was not affected by the pressure of the Yuan Qi at all. He jumped up from the well and stood firmly on the edge of the well.
He glanced around and a look of surprise appeared on his face. He didn't expect there to be so many square wells around!
There were many square wells around Luo Zheng. Not far away, there were more than a dozen soldiers checking the wells one by one. "There are so many Ascension Wells. There must be hundreds of Divine Sea Realm experts in them. And they are only Divine Sea Realm experts who have ascended from the lower realms! "
Luo Zheng couldn't help but sigh in his heart.
However, he didn't consider the feelings of the soldiers when he jumped up.
Luo Zheng stood beside the square wells and immediately attracted the attention of the soldiers. Under their helmets, their eyes were focused on Luo Zheng. Their eyes were full of astonishment.
"Is there … a mistake?"
"Didn't the seal on the well just disappear? How can a guy adapt to the pressure of the Yuan Qi in such a short time?"
"Freak!"
Several soldiers stared at Luo Zheng in a daze.
"You've got the point wrong. This guy is not only a freak, he is a freak among freaks. This guy is only in the Life and Death Realm!" A soldier suddenly said.
Many soldiers just realized that Luo Zheng was only in the Life and Death Realm. They were completely stunned.
These soldiers were all in the Divine Sea Realm. Their task was to guide the ascenders from the lower realms. Over the years, they had guided many ascenders.
Most ascenders needed to stay in the well for ten days to half a month. The purpose was to let them gradually get used to the Yuan Qi of the World. The next step was to open the seal and let the Yuan Qi in the upper realms in order to let them get used to it!
If an ascender was suddenly thrown into this violent Yuan Qi, it would probably cause the entire True Yuan Sea to flow backward. The Dantian was the foundation of a martial artist. Every movement in the Dantian would have a great impact on the martial artist. Under the reverse flow of the True Yuan Sea, the lightest injury would be quite serious. In the worst case, one would suffer Qi Deviation or even directly explode. In other words, one would die from the explosion of the Dantian.
Therefore, after opening the seal, there was usually half a month to adapt.
Ascenders with stronger adaptability were able to adapt within ten days, while ascenders with excellent physiques were even able to adapt within seven days.
However, there were always some monstrous characters in this world who could adapt to the pressure of the Yuan Qi in about three days after opening the seal.
It was just that the number of such characters was extremely small. Often, one or two would only be seen in many years.
According to the older generation of martial artists who served as guides, there was once a person who ascended from the Lower Realm. It was said that he had adapted to the Essence Qi pressure within four hours, and that fellow was now the famous Empyrean Illusory Sea!
But now …
They seemed to have just opened the seal. The time given to this Life and Death Realm martial artist to adapt was less than half an hour.
How did this guy suddenly jump out? Moreover, he looked like he was fine!
What was even more frightening was that this guy seemed to be only at the Life and Death Realm. When would Life and Death Realm martial artists be able to ascend?
The minds of these soldiers were suddenly in a mess. They even suspected that something had happened in the universe. Did the rules of ascension change?
"You!" The soldier who had just left the square well turned his head and rushed towards Luo Zheng. However, when he arrived in front of Luo Zheng, his powerful aura rapidly weakened. He also couldn't think straight. However, at the last moment, he still managed to think straight …
He couldn't treat this guy as an ordinary ascender from the lower realms. This kind of character's growth speed was astonishing. If he made a name for himself in the future, not to mention becoming a Celestial or World Lord, even if he wanted to obtain an important position in the Holy Land, he wouldn't be an existence he could provoke.
He even regretted that when he had just opened the barrier, he shouldn't have ridiculed the cultivator in this square well. He had accidentally injured this fellow in front of him, so he only hoped that this fellow wouldn't take it to heart.
Therefore, when he rushed in front of Luo Zheng, a smile instantly appeared on his face. He said politely, "This friend's ability to adapt is not bad. Welcome to the upper realms and become a member of our Lingwu Holy Land!"
This guy's expression changed so quickly that even Luo Zheng secretly sighed. Although Luo Zheng hated this guy's words, he wouldn't really take this guy seriously. He just asked indifferently, "This is the Lingwu Holy Land of the human race?"
"Yes!" The soldier said proudly, "Lingwu Holy Land is one of the three great tenth-rank Holy Lands in the Spiritual Realm!"
Tenth-rank Holy Land …
Luo Zheng nodded. The four Divine Kingdoms could barely be called an eighth-rank Holy Land. A tenth-rank Holy Land was probably the pinnacle of Holy Lands. It was just that he didn't know how big the Lingwu Holy Land was and how many experts there were.
When the soldier saw that Luo Zheng didn't want to take it to heart, he took out a pair of black shackles and waved it in front of Luo Zheng. "Sorry, please put on these shackles …"
Seeing this pair of shackles, Luo Zheng frowned slightly. "What do you mean?"
Probably because they saw that Luo Zheng's expression wasn't good, two soldiers came over. One of them said in a businesslike manner, "Nothing. According to the rules of our Lingwu Holy Land, anyone who ascends must put on shackles and serve our Lingwu Holy Land. They can only leave after meeting certain conditions!"
"Is it the same for everyone?" Luo Zheng frowned even more.
According to Luo Zheng's plan, after ascending, he has two choices. The first is to become an independent warrior and gain experience in the universe. The second is to find out about his sister's whereabouts! "
After his strength increased, he would help Xun return to the Yao Ye Clan. It would be best if he could help Xun get rid of that bitch in the Yao Ye Clan. Then, he would help Qinglong build the Heavenly Divination Body …
Of course, each of these goals was more difficult than the last!
For example, Xun's strength was at the level of a Realm Lord. With Luo Zheng's current strength, it was unrealistic for him to face a Realm Lord. It would take him a long time to achieve this goal.
As for helping Qinglong build the Heavenly Divination Body, it wouldn't be easy either. Finding Luo Yan was the most difficult goal to achieve. At the same time, it was also a goal that had to be achieved. That young man's strength was still vivid in Luo Zheng's mind. He couldn't even compare to a millionth of that young man's strength. This gap was too wide.
Time was still pressing for Luo Zheng. He didn't feel the slightest bit relaxed.
He had just ascended, but he was about to be locked up like a prisoner and enslaved. It would be strange if Luo Zheng was in a good mood!
Seeing Luo Zheng's unhappy expression, the soldiers' auras also became cold. In their eyes, Luo Zheng might be an outstanding person among the ascenders, but he was still an ascender. Even his cultivation was only at the Life and Death Realm.
"These are the rules. Regardless of whether you follow the rules or not, you have to serve. You have no choice." One of the soldiers smiled faintly and said, "So don't make things difficult for us!"

Chapter 983
After Luo Zheng's hands were locked, he looked at the material of the shackles and shook his head slightly.
The resources in the Upper World were not as exaggerated as he thought. The shackles were just middle-grade sacred tools. It was wishful thinking for them to bind him. Although there were some mysterious divine patterns on the shackles, Luo Zheng was still confident that he could break them with his strength alone.
However, as these soldiers said, he didn't need to make things difficult for them. Not to mention that he was facing a group of Divine Sea Realm experts. With his current strength, he couldn't escape.
Since he had ascended to the Spiritual World, he needed to act according to the circumstances. Now, Luo Zheng had already passed the stage of being a hothead. He knew what it meant to be patient.
After putting on the shackles, Luo Zheng was led by a soldier to a pavilion not far away to wait.
Before the soldier left, Luo Zheng heard something in his Spirit Beast Pouch. Then, there was a "Gu Gu" sound.
The soldier looked at Luo Zheng and asked curiously, "You brought a Spirit Beast with you when you ascended? Is it a contract beast that you raised yourself? "
Hearing the soldier's question, Luo Zheng knew that something was wrong.
The Ancestral Dragon was something that the Demi-Immortal Clan wanted to capture. It was no small matter. If it was discovered, it would cause trouble. However, Luo Zheng's expression was still calm. He smiled and said, "Yes, a contract beast caught in the Lower World."
The soldier nodded faintly, then turned and left. In the eyes of warriors from the Upper World, what good things could there be in the Lower World? He was too lazy to check.
When the soldier left, Luo Zheng thought that it was a close call. He patted the Spirit Beast Pouch and said, "Little guy, don't make any noise. If you were taken away, I wouldn't be able to save you."
After these days of growth, the Ancestral Dragon's intelligence had reached the level of an eight or nine-year-old child. Naturally, it could understand Luo Zheng's words.
Before they ascended, Xi Youqin had made a lot of food and stored it in the Spirit Beast Pouch. It seemed that this little guy was almost done eating.
Actually, with the Ancestral Dragon's physique as a divine artifact, it didn't need to eat at all. It only needed to breathe in the Heaven and Earth Yuan Qi to grow. However, because Xi Youqin ate this fellow, it naturally became picky. This time, it probably couldn't hold back anymore.
Luo Zheng's threat was very effective. In the end, it left an impression on Luo Zheng. It was afraid of being separated from its "mother", so it curled up in the spirit beast bag and stayed motionless, no longer making any sound.
Half a month had passed as they waited ….
In the first seven days, not a single ascender was able to enter the pavilion. On the tenth day, the first cultivator to enter was the plain-clothed woman. The plain-clothed woman's hands were shackled, and when she looked at Luo Zheng, there was a look of surprise in her eyes.
She seemed to have learned about the rules of the Upper Realm through other means. She also knew that it wasn't easy to adapt to the Heaven and Earth Yuan Qi after leaving the Ascension Well.
Even so, it took her ten days before she dared to leave the Ascension Well. Compared to Luo Zheng, who had completely adapted to the Heaven and Earth Yuan Qi in the time it took for a stick of incense to burn, they couldn't be compared at all …
The plain-clothed woman sat next to Luo Zheng and asked directly, "How did you do it?"
Luo Zheng smiled faintly. "How did I do it?"
"There's only one explanation for adapting to the Heaven and Earth Yuan Qi in such a short time." The plain-clothed woman had another theory in her mind. "You … are not an Ascender from the Lower Realm. You're an Ascender from the Upper Realm who entered the Lower Realm and then returned to the Upper Realm through the Ascension Passage. Am I right?"
Hearing the plain-clothed woman's theory, Luo Zheng's face revealed a stunned expression. He then shook his head. "I'm not from the Upper Realm."
The plain-clothed woman pursed her lips. She knew that Luo Zheng wouldn't tell the truth, so she smiled calmly. "If you're really an Ascender, you'll definitely be put in an important position in the future!"
Luo Zheng's eyes were still calm as he looked at the Ascension Wells in the distance.
The plain-clothed woman saw that Luo Zheng didn't speak, so she continued, "Actually, one of my uncles is the City Lord of Dian Cang City in the Lingwu Holy Land. After I finish my service, I can seek refuge with him. If you have nowhere else to go, you can come with me."
Hearing the plain-clothed woman's words, Luo Zheng glanced at her indifferently. Previously, in the Ascension Well, this woman didn't even know if this was a world ruled by the Human Clan. It seemed like she was pretending not to know. The City Lord of Dian Cang City, Luo Zheng, didn't know how strong he was.
However, Luo Zheng hadn't decided on his own path yet. He was still leaning towards becoming an independent cultivator. As for joining the Lingwu Holy Land, he wasn't very interested, let alone following this woman to Dian Cang City.
He planned to leave the Lingwu Holy Land as soon as he finished his service.
However, Luo Zheng didn't expect that he had thought of things too simply.
The Psychic World was a big world that was relatively remote among the Human Clan. There were a total of three forces that ruled the Psychic World. They were the Lingwu Holy Land, the Tidal Holy Land, and the Psychic Holy Land.
In addition, there were countless Holy Lands and Holy Kingdoms in the big world.
Ninth Grade, Eighth Grade, Seventh Grade, Sixth Grade … There were all kinds of Holy Lands and Holy Kingdoms. As for Fifth Grade, Fourth Grade, Third Grade, and Second Grade Sects, they were as numerous as the hairs on a cow.
The Lingwu Holy Land and the Tidal Holy Land belonged to the weaker ranks among the Tenth Grade Holy Lands. As for the Psychic Holy Land, since it dared to use the word "psychic" in its name, and this world was called the Psychic World, it was naturally the core of the Psychic World!
Regardless of how big a big world was, just the area occupied by the Lingwu Holy Land was so big that Luo Zheng couldn't imagine it!
With Luo Zheng's current flying speed, it would take him at least three years to leave the Lingwu Holy Land.
This was also the reason why Gu Pei Er of the Demi-Immortal Clan said that the Holy Kingdom Continent wasn't as big as her back garden. The big world was so big that it was far beyond Luo Zheng's imagination.
As for the Dian Cang City that the plain-clothed woman mentioned, it was a relatively important city in the Lingwu Holy Land. Her uncle was also an Ascender from the Lower Realm like her. To be able to rise to the position of city lord, he was considered a top figure in the Lingwu Holy Land. Under such an invitation, she fancied Luo Zheng's talent. In the future, when she went to Dian Cang City, she would recommend him to her uncle.
However, she didn't expect Luo Zheng to be so arrogant, as if his ambition wasn't here. Naturally, she wouldn't mention it again.
After the plain-clothed woman left the Ascension Well, more and more warriors gradually adapted to the Yuan Qi of Heaven and Earth. After leaving one by one, they entered the pavilion with shackles.
These Divine Sea Realm warriors were all arrogant. How could they be willing to be shackled and controlled by others? It was inevitable that they would clash with the armored warriors. However, the armored warriors were merciless. They warned these guys that no matter how glorious they were in the Lower Realm, since they had chosen to ascend, they had to endure!
"In the Lower Realm, you may be able to decide the life and death of millions of people with a single word, and you are above countless people. However, in the Upper Realm, you are nothing!" One of the armored soldiers roared at the many Divine Sea Realm Almighties.
During this process, two Divine Sea Realm warriors even fought with the armored soldiers. The result was predictable. The price the two Divine Sea Realm warriors paid was stricter supervision. They were shackled with two shackles that were twice the size of normal shackles. What's more, the shackles could be classified as Divine Artifacts. As for the divine runes on the shackles, they were naturally more powerful. In addition, there were two huge black iron balls hanging below the shackles of the two Divine Sea Realm warriors.
They didn't know what kind of iron balls these were. Even the Divine Sea Realm warriors found it difficult to drag these iron balls. It was likely that it would be difficult for them to even fly while carrying these iron balls.
After another three days, all the Divine Sea Realm warriors left the Ascension Well. These Divine Sea Realm warriors stayed in the pavilion with Luo Zheng.
After the armored warriors did a headcount, they recorded the names of all the warriors. Then, they escorted them to a Transmission Array.
The big world was too big. Even Divine Ocean Realm or Extreme God Realm Almighties had to use the Teleportation Channel to travel. Otherwise, the distance between two big cities would be hundreds of millions of miles. It would take them at least a year and a half to get there …

Chapter 984
Before entering the teleportation formation, Luo Zheng had noticed that the divine markings on the teleportation formation were extremely special.
The teleportation formations in the Central Domain were all constructed from talismans and powered by True Origin Stones. The principle behind it was actually very simple. It was to use the talismans to expand a teleportation path, and then connect it with a teleportation formation in another place. Through the teleportation path, the distance between two places could be shortened. So, it would take an ordinary cultivator a few days to fly from Revelation City to Ocean of Clouds City, but it would only take less than the time for an incense stick to burn through the teleportation path.
However, the structure of the teleportation formation before him was completely different. Even though the divine markings were extremely unfamiliar to Luo Zheng, he was able to roughly analyze their uses.
Not only did the teleportation formation expand a teleportation path, but it also seemed to be connected to something. As for what it was, Luo Zheng really couldn't guess.
After the armored guard activated the teleportation formation, all the ascenders entered in a single file. Under the flickering white light, they entered the Ascension Path.
When they just entered the Ascension Path, there was nothing unusual. It looked almost the same as the teleportation paths in the lower realms. The entire teleportation path was azure blue.
Not long after, they passed through the azure blue teleportation path, and suddenly, an enormous teleportation path appeared before them!
"This teleportation path is actually so stable!" After seeing the teleportation path, Luo Zheng sighed with emotion.
The enormous teleportation path was light purple in color. Ordinary teleportation paths were only around 30 meters wide, but this enormous teleportation path was actually over 300 meters wide!
What surprised Luo Zheng the most was that this enormous teleportation path was far more stable than ordinary teleportation paths. The surrounding space seemed to have solidified, and it would probably not be easy for anyone to break open this teleportation path ….
However, as soon as they entered, they saw two cultivators flying over from the side of the teleportation path.
The two cultivators sized up the ascenders, and one of them chuckled and said, "The harvest this time is huge. I'm afraid there are over 1,000 ascenders?"
The armored guard who escorted Luo Zheng said, "What's the use of that? The exam is at hand. How can our Spirit Martial Holy Land count on these dirty ascenders from the lower realms?" As he spoke, the soldier took out thousands of top-grade True Origin Stones from his Sumeru Ring and said, "This time, the number of people using this transmission channel has reached a thousand. Can you give me a discount?"
That person counted the True Origin Stones and smiled faintly. He then picked out over a hundred True Origin Stones from the pile and returned them to the soldier. "There's no need to mention discounts. In any case, it's your Spirit Martial Holy Land that's paying for it …"
After the armored soldier received the returned True Origin Stones, he distributed a few to each of the other armored soldiers present. Clearly, he had pocketed them for himself.
After that, the soldier shouted at the ascenders, "Alright, everyone, follow behind me. Let's set off!"
When the ascenders heard the armored soldier's words, although they were dissatisfied, they did not act rashly in the end. They all followed behind the armored soldiers and continued to advance through the enormous teleportation channel.
"Where did this light purple portal come from? There's a fee? "Luo Zheng naturally wouldn't ask the armored soldiers, so he asked Azure Dragon.
Qinglong smiled faintly and replied, "This kind of large-scale teleportation channel is the Great World Channel! If you want to open a Great World Channel, you have to be at least a Realm Lord. "
"Great World Channel?"
"Yes, a Great World is too vast. For example, the small portal in the Central Domain can only be built for a distance of a hundred thousand miles at most. If it's too far, it's very difficult to stabilize," Qinglong said faintly.
Luo Zheng nodded slightly. Just like the super portal that Daoist Tian Miao built from the Central Domain to the Sea God Continent, because the distance was too far, the portal was very unstable. When Luo Zheng went from the Central Domain to the Sea God Continent, he encountered a violent spatial storm and almost lost his life. Even when he returned from the Sea God Continent, Luo Zheng's cultivation had improved steadily, but he still suffered heavy injuries.
The size and depth of a Great World were far beyond the imagination of the lower world. If a Divine Sea Realm cultivator wanted to cross a Great World, it would take hundreds of years, not one or two years!
However, there were countless capable people in the Upper World. Almost every Great World had opened a Great World Channel that could connect to each other. There were even some inter-realm channels, so the distance of transmission was even more ridiculous.
It took a lot of time and effort to build these portals, and it wasn't easy to maintain them. Therefore, to use these portals, one had to pay, and the price wasn't cheap. One person's head was one top-grade True Origin Stone, and the transmission was only a short distance, about two to three million miles. If it crossed an entire Great World, the cost of the portal would reach tens of thousands of top-grade True Origin Stones.
As for the cost of crossing an entire Great World, it would be one million top-grade True Origin Stones …
Luo Zheng was quite rich. When he was mining in the four Divine Kingdoms, he had exchanged a lot of top-grade True Origin Stones. However, now Luo Zheng realized that all his wealth added together couldn't even afford to cross an entire Great World Channel.
While sighing, Luo Zheng followed the crowd and flew through the giant portal.
An hour later, the soldiers in front suddenly stopped and left through a side tunnel. Everyone returned to the ordinary teleportation channel. Soon after, everyone left the teleportation channel and a black and steep mountain range appeared in front of them!
"This is …" Seeing the black mountain, an ascender asked.
Hearing his words, a soldier snorted and said, "This is the place where you serve. According to the Spiritual Martial Holy Land's rules, if you want to join the Spiritual Martial Holy Land, you have to dig out 100 Zhen Yuanyu here!"
"Zhen Yuanyu?"
"What's that?"
The soldier smiled faintly and said, "I know you don't know what Zhen Yuanyu is. The mountain range in front of you is a True Origin Stone mine. There are all kinds of True Origin Stones, including low-grade, high-grade, and top-grade. Of course, there are also Zhen Yuanyu. If you can't dig out any Zhen Yuanyu, it's fine. One Zhen Yuanyu can be exchanged for 10,000 top-grade True Origin Stones, so it's fine if you can dig out a million top-grade True Origin Stones!"
Hearing the soldier's explanation, the crowd immediately understood.
The best True Origin Stones in the Lower Realm were only top-grade. They didn't expect that there were purer True Origin Stones in the Upper Realm, which were Zhen Yuanyu.
However, after hearing that there were a million top-grade True Origin Stones, the crowd burst into an uproar. Wasn't this a little too much?
These Ascenders were all top-notch existences in the Lower Realm, and each of them possessed a considerable amount of wealth. However, when they ascended to the Upper Realm, they would probably only have a few tens of thousands of top-grade True Origin Stones with them. Some would probably only have a few hundred top-grade True Origin Stones with them.
Moreover, a million top-grade True Origin Stones was definitely not a small sum for any Divine Sea Realm martial artist.
The four Divine Kingdoms were relatively wealthy, but there were only 200,000 top-grade True Origin Stones in the treasury. Therefore, when they heard that they had to pay a million top-grade True Origin Stones to join the Spiritual Martial Holy Land, the Ascenders immediately burst into an uproar.
"A million …"
"How long are we going to dig?"
"We won't waste hundreds of years here, right?"
An Ascender said, "I don't want to join the Spiritual Martial Holy Land. I only want to be an independent martial artist!"
The soldier smiled and said, "You want to be an independent martial artist? Fine, then pay 200 Zhen Yuanyu! "
200 Zhen Yuanyu … That was two million top-grade True Origin Stones!
"This, this, this … Based on what!" The Ascender said angrily.
The soldier smiled faintly and said, "Based on nothing. Based on the fact that we are the Spiritual Martial Holy Land, based on the fact that you have ascended to the Spiritual Martial Holy Land!"
This tone was too familiar. The Divine Sea Realm martial artists suddenly fell silent. They had cultivated all the way to the Divine Sea Realm in the Lower Realm. How could they not understand this logic?
Under any circumstances, the question "why?" was very weak, and the answer was already clear. They relied on their own fists. Among the Spirit Sea Realm warriors present, which one of them could go against a Holy Land as big as the Upper Realm?
Seeing the depressed expressions of the Ascenders, the soldier said faintly, "Be mentally prepared. Hurry up and work. Our Spiritual Martial Holy Land is considered good. The other tenth-rank Holy Lands are even harsher!"
＝＝＝＝＝

Chapter 985
Everyone was silent for a while. Although they were all in the Divine Sea Realm, they had no choice but to lower their heads in the other party's territory.
However, at this moment, an ascender walked out and asked, "Can one million top-grade True Origin Stones exempt me from military service?"
The soldier replied, "It's not exempt from military service. The original meaning of military service is to let you dig for True Origin Stones! If you can pay enough True Origin Stones, you can leave at any time! "
Unexpectedly, as soon as the soldier finished speaking, the ascender took off a Sumeru Ring from his finger and gently tipped it over. A small mountain of True Origin Stones appeared in front of everyone's eyes!
These True Origin Stones were crystal clear and pure. The Heaven and Earth Origin Qi contained in them was also abnormally abundant. They were all top-grade True Origin Stones!
Although many ascenders were used to seeing big scenes, their hearts still thumped when they saw the small mountain of top-grade True Origin Stones in front of them.
"Here are one million top-grade True Origin Stones. Can you let me leave?" the ascender asked.
The soldier nodded, but then shook his head. "If you join the Spiritual Martial Holy Land, one million top-grade True Origin Stones will naturally be enough. However, if you want to become an independent warrior and leave the Spiritual Martial Holy Land or even the Spiritual World, you will need two million!"
The ascender frowned slightly and took out another Sumeru Ring. He gently waved it, and another small mountain of top-grade True Origin Stones appeared in front of everyone!
"Damn, this guy … is so rich!"
"Two million top-grade True Origin Stones in one go? Isn't this too exaggerated?"
"Some Great Thousand Worlds are indeed very rich. It is said that in the Great Thousand World next to mine, there is a huge True Origin Stone mine that runs through the entire Great Thousand World. The True Origin Stones there can't be compared because there are too many of them. They are worthless!"
With so many top grade True Essence Stones placed here, the soldier had nothing else to say. But, he never imagined that this ascender would quickly take out two mountains of True Essence Stones from his spatial ring and point at the other ascender behind him, saying, "Besides me, there is also my little brother. He also wants to go with me."
Seeing the four piles of top-grade True Origin Stones, the armored soldier picked one up and chuckled, "Of course there's no problem! This great world is vast, you can go wherever you want! "
The two ascenders nodded and left under the guidance of the other soldiers.
As the remaining people looked at the backs of the two ascenders, besides envy, they could only sigh in their hearts. Some ascenders weren't bad at all, but after ascending to the Higher Realms, who would bring so many top grade true essence stones with them for no reason?
Luo Zheng also shook his head slightly. When he was in the four Divine Kingdoms, he had collected a lot of top-grade True Meta Stones, but he had left a considerable part of them in the Cloud Hall. When he ascended this time, he had brought nearly 200,000 top-grade True Meta Stones with him. Now, it seemed that the gap was still very large.
Luo Zheng had many valuable things on him, such as the Black Star Pickaxe. This supreme artifact was not cheap. Not to mention a million, even if it was a hundred million top-grade True Meta Stones, no one would be willing to sell it.
Luo Zheng naturally wouldn't sell it. Since he didn't have enough True Meta Stones, he would obediently mine …
The Zhen Yuanyu mentioned by the armored soldier just now had attracted Luo Zheng's interest. He only needed a hundred Zhen Yuanyu. Would he be able to dig up Zhen Yuanyu in this pitch-black mountain range in front of him?
The remaining people were led by the armored soldiers to a settlement. Around the settlement, there were several Ultimate Divine Stage experts standing guard.
In front of the settlement, there were many cultivators flying back with pickaxes. After they took out the True Meta Stones they had dug up and handed them over, they recorded the number of True Meta Stones and flew back again. Just like this, they went back and forth, digging for True Meta Stones in the mine …
After the ascenders entered the settlement, they received their respective pickaxes and nameplates according to the rules.
Although everyone was unwilling, they still had a certain fantasy in their hearts. They had the same idea as Luo Zheng. Since the Zhen Yuanyu only needed a hundred True Meta Stones, they would just dig up a hundred Zhen Yuanyu …
Coincidentally, there were more than a hundred people outside who returned to the settlement at the same time. These people took out the True Meta Stones they had dug up.
However, when Luo Zheng saw those True Meta Stones, he frowned slightly. Although there were many True Meta Stones, their quality wasn't high. They were mostly high-grade True Meta Stones and a small number of top-grade True Meta Stones. There were even a large number of middle-grade True Meta Stones. Where was the Zhen Yuanyu?
Luo Zheng walked forward and asked, "Friend, may I know why you want to dig up high-grade and middle-grade True Meta Stones? Isn't it too laborious to dig up these low-grade True Meta Stones? "
Everyone's goal was a hundred Zhen Yuanyu, which could be exchanged for one million top-grade True Meta Stones. If it was exchanged for high-grade True Meta Stones, it would be an astronomical figure. After all, one top-grade True Meta Stone could be exchanged for one hundred high-grade True Meta Stones. In other words, it was a hundred million high-grade True Meta Stones. In other words, it wasn't very useful to dig up these things …
The ascenders who came with Luo Zheng were also concerned about this problem. They all cast their gazes over.
Unexpectedly, the cultivator shook his head and revealed a wry smile. "If we don't dig up these things, what should we dig up?" he said as he sized up Luo Zheng. "You are the new ascenders, aren't you?"
Luo Zheng and the other ascenders nodded at the same time.
The cultivator sighed and said, "I guess you want to dig up that Zhen Yuanyu, right? Hehe … "
"What? Is it not possible? "Luo Zheng asked, puzzled.
"It's possible." The cultivator laughed. "When I first ascended, I also wanted to dig up Zhen Yuanyu so that I could leave this place as soon as possible. However, if you want to dig up Zhen Yuanyu, you have to be prepared to lose your life."
"What do you mean?" Luo Zheng asked immediately.
The cultivator pointed to the mountain range in the distance and said, "If you want to dig up Zhen Yuanyu, you have to sink into the depths of the mineral vein. There are ferocious beasts from level 11 to level 12 there. How can ordinary people dare to dig up Zhen Yuanyu? The Spirit Sea Realm cultivators cultivated by the Spirit Martial Holy Land are unwilling to take the risk to dig up Zhen Yuanyu. However, weak cultivators can't dig up Zhen Yuanyu at all. Naturally, they expect us to risk our lives for them … However, no one's life is for free. I would rather dig up ordinary True Meta Stones and waste my time here than dig up Zhen Yuanyu! "
Hearing the cultivator's words, many ascenders suddenly understood.
It turned out that Zhen Yuanyu was not so easy to dig up …
The Spirit Sea Realm cultivators who ascended might not be worth mentioning in the big world, but after all, they had ready-made strength.
Mining was originally done by some weak cultivators. It was the same in the Mortal World. Some Xiantian Realm cultivators and Divine Reflection Realm cultivators were the ones who dug up Zhen Yuanyu. The problem was that low-level cultivators couldn't dig up Zhen Yuanyu, and the native Spirit Sea Realm cultivators were unwilling to do it. Therefore, it was natural to use the ascenders to do it.
However, most of the ascenders cherished their lives. How could they be willing to risk their lives to dig up Zhen Yuanyu?
Anyway, the lifespan of a Spirit Sea Realm cultivator was long. At worst, they could spend 30 to 50 years or even 100 years to dig up Zhen Yuanyu. In the end, they could gather enough Zhen Yuanyu.
The group of ascenders who came with Luo Zheng also planned to dig up Zhen Yuanyu. However, when they heard this, they immediately dismissed the idea. It was safer to dig up Zhen Yuanyu.
The other ascenders also left one after another. The earlier they dug, the earlier they could leave. No one wanted to stay in this place forever …
As for the plain-clothed woman, she was holding a pickaxe in her hand. Her expression was not very good. She wanted to wait for her uncle to come and pick her up. However, she didn't expect that there would be no news from him until now. She had to dig up Zhen Yuanyu like the others. Naturally, she was very depressed.
Luo Zheng sized up the mountain range. After putting away his nameplate and pickaxe, he flew towards the mountain range.

Chapter 986
After ascending, he was treated as a miner. Of course, he was unhappy, but Luo Zheng didn't have any resentment.
If he had asked Yun Luo to extradite him or leave with the Sky Immortal Clan, he wouldn't have been treated like this.
However, both of them wanted him to ascend freely. Hence, the things that were in front of him were his paths. He had no other choice but to continue moving forward.
After Luo Zheng flew for a while, he found that the plain-clothed woman was following him.
Luo Zheng stopped, turned around, and asked, "Why are you following me?"
The plain-clothed woman smiled faintly, "Nothing! I just feel that if I dig with you, my luck will be better. "
"You didn't ask me if I agree or not," Luo Zheng said indifferently.
Luo Zheng's words made the plain-clothed woman slightly stunned.
Actually, for a Life and Death Realm warrior to talk to a Spirit Sea Realm warrior in such a way was a bit unbelievable in the eyes of others. Logically speaking, this Life and Death Realm warrior should be eager to climb up to other Spirit Sea Realm warriors. However, the situation was reversed right now.
The plain-clothed woman smiled, "So, do you agree?"
Luo Zheng shrugged, "As you wish."
"En! My name is Mu Mingxue. What about you? "The plain-clothed woman took the initiative to tell him her name.
"Luo Zheng."
After telling her his name, Luo Zheng didn't linger and flew toward the mountain range.
Mu Mingxue stared at Luo Zheng's back in a daze. A helpless smile appeared on her delicate face. A Life and Death Realm kid was so arrogant. This kid seemed to have some skills. No matter what, she instinctively felt that Luo Zheng was very special. If she followed this guy, her luck wouldn't be bad.
"Swoosh …"
Along the way, many cultivators entered the mountain range, and many cultivators returned from the mountain range with a bountiful harvest. Of course, there were also some cultivators who never returned, becoming lifeless corpses in the mine.
This mountain range had a total of hundreds of enormous mountains, each of which was covered with mines of various sizes. These mines were also excavated by the previous generations.
Previously, Luo Zheng had collected some information and had a rough idea of the distribution of True Essence Stones.
In the upper layer of this mountain range, there were large amounts of low-grade True Meta Stones. If placed in the Lower World or the Central Domain, it would definitely be considered a rich mine.
However, among the Divine Sea Realm powerhouses present, which one of them would place low-grade True Essence Stones in their eyes? Moreover, if low-grade true essence stones could be exchanged for 100 Zhen Yuanyu, then that should be one trillion … this number was simply too shocking. Low-grade true essence stones were easy to dig out, but who knew how long it would take to dig out such a large number?
In the middle layer of this vein, there were middle grade True Essence Stones, and in the lower layer, there were top grade True Essence Stones. At the bottom layer, one could excavate Zhen Yuanyu.
However, the danger of each layer was different. For the Divine Sea Realm powerhouses, the upper layer and the middle layer were almost safe, but the lower layer and the bottom layer were different.
After Luo Zheng randomly chose a mine, he flew down along the winding tunnel. The walls of the cave were full of excavation marks. This place must have been excavated countless times, so he naturally wouldn't waste his time here. As for Mu Mingxue, she followed closely behind Luo Zheng. She was getting more and more curious. Where was Luo Zheng going? Could it be that he wanted to go straight to the bottom layer?
In the time it took for a stick of incense to burn, Luo Zheng had entered the depths of the mine. He was several thousand feet away from the entrance. This was already the bottom layer of the mine. Logically speaking, Luo Zheng had a certain probability of excavating top grade True Essence Stones.
The surroundings were quiet. Occasionally, the sound of water dripping could be heard. In this dark mine, Luo Zheng didn't stop at all.
However, just as Luo Zheng was flying, several black shadows gently flapped their wings at the top of the cave. Then, they silently followed behind Luo Zheng. Under the cover of the darkness, they went straight for Luo Zheng.
It was unknown what cultivation method Mu Mingxue had cultivated, but her perception was extremely sharp. Those black shadows didn't emit any aura, but she still easily sensed them.
"Luo Zheng, be careful!"
Unexpectedly, just as she opened her mouth and was about to attack, Luo Zheng didn't even turn his head. A sharp sword suddenly appeared in his hand. As if it had eyes on its back, with a casual slash, the sharp sword disappeared from his hand. From the beginning to the end, Luo Zheng didn't stop at all.
"It's just some level 10 vicious beasts …" Luo Zheng said indifferently.
Mu Mingxue, who was following behind Luo Zheng, once again revealed a helpless smile. Level 10 vicious beasts were equivalent to the Life and Death Realm of humans. This Luo Zheng was only at the Life and Death Realm, yet he spoke like this. It was as if he didn't regard himself as a Life and Death Realm expert.
But then again, the sword attack Luo Zheng had just displayed had indeed surprised Mu Mingxue. She was born in a famous sect, and had seen many experts in the lower realms. However, she had never heard of someone who could slash out such a sharp and strange arc with a sword. This guy's strength was far from being as simple as it seemed from his cultivation base!
Mu Mingxue had already come to this conclusion in her heart.
As they continued forward, the surrounding environment also began to change. Originally, these caves were made of brown rock walls, but now, the surrounding rock walls began to become crystal clear. These rock walls were made of pure quartz.
There were also some other ores embedded in these quartz rocks. Some of these ores emitted a faint luster. Under the illumination of these lights, the environment below was no longer as oppressive.
"This place is quite beautiful …" Mu Mingxue looked around and said in a low voice.
"However, the top grade true origin stones have all been dug out." Luo Zheng pointed at a chiseled mark on the cave wall. The other ores didn't have much attraction to ascenders, but the top grade true origin stones were all dug out without a single exception …
Top grade true origin stones were formed by gathering heaven and earth origin energy. However, it took a long time for them to form. After so many years of excavation, the number of top grade true origin stones in this mine was probably decreasing.
At the very least, for someone like Luo Zheng, finding a top grade true origin stone and digging it out completely depended on luck.
Mu Mingxue suddenly looked around and found a top grade true origin stone not far away. "My luck isn't bad. I found one here!"
Luo Zheng smiled faintly. He didn't move and allowed Mu Mingxue to dig. Although it was said that digging out true origin stones was a small matter, Luo Zheng really didn't care about one or two pieces.
However, when Mu Mingxue walked over, her face suddenly revealed a surprised expression. "It's not just one piece. There's actually a cluster here. It seems to be a cluster of top grade true origin stones!"
When Luo Zheng walked closer to take a look, sure enough, from this tricky angle, along the translucent wall formed by quartz, there was a cluster of top grade true origin stones. This cluster of top grade true origin stones was probably hundreds of them.
"See, I told you. My hunch has always been very accurate. Following you will be very lucky," Mu Mingxue said with a smile. "We'll each take half!"
Luo Zheng nodded noncommittally.
In fact, Mu Mingxue's hunch was correct. Just like when he was in the Central Domain, she already had a conclusion about his luck.
For a warrior like Cui Xie, his luck was indeed very strong, but he would devour the luck of the people around him to strengthen himself. In other words, for people like Cui Xie, such as Si Miaoling, such as Wu Zhanhe … their luck was devoured by Cui Xie, and the final result was that they died at the hands of Luo Zheng.
However, Luo Zheng's own luck could spread to the people around him, such as Ning Yudie, Xi Youqin, and even the fat man from the World Business Alliance …
Mu Mingxue's hunch originated from this. She was very sensitive to other people's luck. However, this kind of unclear thing could only be described as a hunch.

Chapter 987
Although Luo Zheng didn't care about a few hundred top grade True Origin Stones, Mu Mingxue still divided them into five and gave them to Luo Zheng.
After collecting the top grade True Origin Stones, the two continued to descend. However, they didn't walk far before reaching the end of the tunnel.
This tunnel was originally excavated by the predecessors. After reaching the bottom of the mine, they didn't continue to dig any deeper.
Mu Mingxue looked around but didn't find any top grade True Origin Stones. Her beautiful eyes stared at Luo Zheng as if she wanted Luo Zheng to make the decision.
"What should we do? Should we change to another tunnel or dig horizontally? "Mu Mingxue asked.
Luo Zheng pointed downwards and said, "Downwards!"
"Downwards? You want to go to the bottom? "Mu Mingxue's eyes flashed.
If they dug horizontally, although it would be a little troublesome, they would still be able to collect a lot of top grade True Origin Stones. With their cultivation and strength, even if they casually dug at the bottom, it wouldn't be too dangerous even if the tunnel collapsed. However, if they continued to dig, they would be digging Zhen Yuanyu.
Didn't she hear it from others before? There were grade 11 and even grade 12 Vicious Beasts in the bottom. Grade 11 Vicious Beasts were still manageable as Mu Mingxue had the confidence to deal with them. However, grade 12 Vicious Beasts were existences at the Extreme Divine Stage. If they were unlucky and bumped into them, they would probably die!
This Life and Death Realm guy was extraordinarily confident!
Luo Zheng faintly smiled. He didn't need this girl to follow him. If she didn't want to, Luo Zheng naturally wouldn't force her. In fact, it was easier for him to dig alone. Having an extra person would always tie his hands and feet.
After taking two steps forward, he chose an ordinary spot and gently gestured with his fist. The power of two thousand dragon scales gathered on his right fist, and this fist heavily smashed towards the ground.
"Boom!"
With Luo Zheng as the center, countless cracks appeared around his fist. Those cracks quickly exploded under Luo Zheng's feet.
"Crackle, crackle …"
Seeing this fist, Mu Mingxue's brows suddenly twitched. This guy's strength was extraordinary. Moreover, looking at him, he didn't even use his full strength. Even so, his pure physical strength was probably much stronger than her, a Divine Sea Realm warrior. Was he really only at the Life and Death Realm?
The second fist …
"Boom!"
The ground that already had countless cracks suddenly shattered into countless tiny fragments, and a huge pit that was seven to eight feet deep appeared under Luo Zheng's feet!
Standing in the middle of the pit, Luo Zheng continued to smash downwards. He wanted to forcefully smash a path.....
Mu Mingxue's lips twitched as she watched this scene. She was a little hesitant. Should she leave this place and search for supreme-grade True Origin Stones, or should she follow Luo Zheng?
At this time, Mu Mingxue still chose to follow her intuition. She felt that following Luo Zheng would greatly shorten her time in the military service …
"Rumble, rumble, rumble …"
With a series of loud noises, Luo Zheng's position was constantly falling.
Seventy feet …
Ten feet …
Twenty feet …
Fifty feet …
One hundred feet …
Mu Mingxue naturally didn't rest. She was looking for top-grade True Origin Stones on the walls of the pit. She really found dozens of them.
Just like that, the huge pit extended all the way down for a full two thousand feet. Luo Zheng smashed his fist down again, directly smashing through the bottom! He directly fell into a cave.
Before Luo Zheng fell to the bottom, the chaotic energy in his body suddenly circulated. His figure steadily floated in the air. The debris that fell with Luo Zheng sprinkled down.
"It's through! Is this the bottom? "Mu Mingxue also followed Luo Zheng into the cave below.
The caves in front of them weren't man-made. They were naturally formed. This was the bottom of the mine …
They had to be even more careful at the bottom of the mine. The majority of ascenders didn't dare to enter here. There must be a reason for that.
They were already tens of thousands of feet away from the top of the mountain. For thousands of years, after the mine was formed, this place had never been exposed to sunlight. In the surrounding caves of various sizes, there were occasional gusts of cold wind blowing. The two of them also became cautious.
However, just as the two of them scanned their surroundings, a voice startled them.
"Still Water Celestial Venerable! You bastard, you only know how to hide. If you have the guts, come to Autumn Mountain Boundary and fight me to the death! Otherwise, I'll scold you like this once a month! "
This voice resounded clearly in the ears of Luo Zheng and Mu Mingxue. Both of them were stunned.
"That should be a Roaring Token …" Mu Mingxue immediately said. Although she was also an Ascender, she knew more about the Upper Realm than the average cultivator. Naturally, she felt that Luo Zheng didn't know anything about it, so she explained, "It is said that this Roaring Token is extremely expensive. A single Roaring Token is probably worth tens of millions of True Origin Jade. Even the Great Realm Masters of Great Realms wouldn't use it easily. The person who used this Roaring Token is probably a Heavenly Venerate powerhouse. His cursing words have probably spread throughout all the Great Realms.
One hundred Zhen Yuanyu could redeem an ascender's freedom. Tens of millions of Zhen Yuanyu was definitely an astronomical figure. It was a huge sum even for a tenth-rank Holy Land.
Mu Mingxue originally thought that Luo Zheng would be shocked. She didn't expect Luo Zheng to just nod.
She didn't know that Luo Zheng already bore a grudge against this guy who had just scolded him.
Luo Zheng had obtained a Roaring Token from the Palace Lord. Moreover, it was an unlimited Roaring Token!
Now that Luo Zheng was busy mining, he couldn't be bothered to pay attention to this guy. However, this guy had given him a big fright. When he had time, he would definitely use the Roaring Token to scold him. Even a Heavenly Venerable wouldn't be able to find him …
Fortunately, this Roaring Token was an extremely precious item to a Heavenly Venerable. After this sound reverberated throughout the universe, it didn't continue.
What Luo Zheng didn't know was that the martial artist who had just used the Roaring Token was the world-shaking Heavenly Venerable Ling Huo. The conflict between him and Heavenly Venerable Ling Huo had already reached the point where everyone knew about it. Every living being in the universe, from a toddler learning how to walk to an old man, knew that there was a life and death enmity between these two great figures.
This was the effect of the Roaring Token …
Heavenly Venerable Ling Huo would use the Roaring Token every month. Now that the number of Howling Celestial Tapirs was dwindling, the Roaring Tokens were becoming harder and harder to obtain. Even as a Heavenly Venerable, he had no choice but to use them sparingly.
Even if it was once a month, it was still very, very extravagant!
For example, a tenth-grade Holy Land like the Spiritual Item Holy Land managed nearly one-twentieth of the area of a Great Realm. Ten years of harvest could be exchanged for half a Roaring Token. What was even more frightening was that the Roaring Tokens were priceless!
But this time, Luo Zheng's interest was piqued when he heard the Celestial Venerate's roar. The Roaring Token in his hand seemed to be quite fun. More importantly, when he found an opportunity, he would use the Roaring Token to find Luo Yan …
Right now, it was better to find Zhen Yuanyu first!
Luo Zheng and Mu Mingxue traversed through these naturally formed caves at a low speed. This place was not like the upper level. If they were to alarm some level-12 vicious beasts, they could only flee.
After Luo Zheng passed through a cave that was as wide as a person, the front suddenly opened up. At the same time, Luo Zheng saw a behemoth crawling in the cave. This behemoth had nine heads, and at this moment, those heads were twisted together and lying on the ground, snoring loudly.
"It's a divine beast, a nine-headed snake, and an adult one!"
"Shh — a level-12 vicious beast, that's an existence comparable to a Divine Realm expert!" Mu Mingxue gestured in Luo Zheng's ear. "Let's go back!" Mu Mingxue looked very vigilant.
However, Luo Zheng's hand pointed in the distance, "Look at what that is!"
At the place where the nine-headed snake was sleeping, there was a pile of milky white gems. Even though they were 450 feet away, the two could feel the incomparably pure Qi of Heaven and Earth from it!
"Is that Zhen Yuanyu?" When Mu Mingxue saw the pile of milky white gems, her eyes suddenly jumped. She knew that this level-12 vicious beast's strength was not something she could provoke, but this pile of milky white gems had more than 30 of them!
If she got it, it would be equivalent to completing one-third of the mission. Even if she and Luo Zheng each took half, there would still be more than 10 gems!
Although she was afraid that she could not avoid it, such a great temptation was enough for her to consider the risk.
＝＝＝＝＝

Chapter 988
In fact, both of them had never seen Zhen Yuanyu before.
The Lingwu Holy Place did not treat the ascenders well. They set up a barrier in the mine and threw the ascenders inside, leaving them alone. They were no different from prisoners in prison.
Want to go out? Just hand over 100 Zhen Yuanyu. It was no different from robbery.
The only advantage was that it would dispel the ascenders' beautiful vision of the Upper World and make them realize how powerless the Spirit Sea Realm was in the Upper World …
However, judging from the abundant True Core Energies released by those stones, they were most likely Zhen Yuanyu.
However, it would not be easy to take Zhen Yuanyu away from a Level 12 Ferocious Beast.
With Luo Zheng's current strength, he could fight against a Spirit Sea Realm expert. However, this Level 12 Ferocious Beast was equivalent to a Spirit Sea Realm expert. Moreover, Ferocious Beasts usually had a longer lifespan than humans. Not to mention, the Hydra was a Divine Beast. Luo Zheng had no chance of winning in a head-on battle!
As for Mu Mingxue, she had just broken through to the Spirit Sea Realm. Perhaps she thought she was stronger than Luo Zheng, but Luo Zheng was not optimistic about her strength at all.
The two of them observed for a while. They looked at the cluster of True Essence Jades and then looked at the sleeping Hydra. They felt very conflicted in their hearts.
They were reluctant to give up. However, taking these Zhen Yuanyu would be risking their lives!
However, at this moment, Mu Mingxue smiled. "I have learned a concealment magic weapon. It can hide more than 90% of one's breath. This Hydra is still sleeping. Let me go!"
Hearing Mu Mingxue's words, Luo Zheng did not say much. It would be better if they could take the Zhen Yuanyu away. The risk was high, but the reward was not small. Therefore, he nodded.
He then saw Mu Mingxue take out a light green gauze dress. The gauze dress was as thin as a cicada's wing. When Mu Mingxue casually put it on, Luo Zheng's face revealed a trace of surprise.
Indeed, as Mu Mingxue had said, when she was covered by the gauze, the majority of her aura was concealed. Even with Luo Zheng's incomparably sharp perception, if he did not pay attention, it would be difficult for him to detect her existence. Of course, that was when he used his perception to investigate. If he used his eyes, this green luster would be incomparably eye-catching.
However, the purpose of this kind of magic treasure was to hide one's aura. Not to mention that the nine-headed snake was still in a deep sleep. As long as the aura was covered, it was indeed very suitable for the current situation.
Luo Zheng thought to himself, "This magic treasure is probably at the level of a divine weapon."
Mu Mingxue winked at Luo Zheng. After nodding, she walked towards the nine-headed snake.
Although she tried her best to suppress her state of mind, Luo Zheng could still see that she was very nervous. Luo Zheng originally wanted her to give the gauze dress to him so that he could take the Zhen Yuanyu. However, after seeing her take a few steps, he gave up on this idea.
Mu Mingxue's nervousness was inevitable. She was born in a prestigious family. After ascending to the Immortal World, the situation was completely different from what she had imagined!
She originally thought that her own uncle would come and take her away directly. Then, she would join the Spirit Martial Holy Place and continue to cultivate quietly …
However, after ascending to the Immortal World, not only did she not see her uncle, but she also had to take this kind of risk in exchange for her freedom. However, in any case, she was still an almighty of the Divine Sea Realm. As a warrior, she should have the awareness that she should have. She could not be at a loss and cry like those delicate little girls when she encountered such trouble.
This nine-headed snake had been sleeping here for who knew how many years. Ferocious Beasts always slept for a long time. Some Ferocious Beasts usually slept for hundreds or even thousands of years before they advanced. Snakes had the habit of hibernating.
This thing would not wake up …
Mu Mingxue kept comforting herself in her heart. At the same time, she took light steps and approached the Zhen Yuanyu.
With her cultivation, she could almost control every meridian and muscle in her body in perfect harmony. Therefore, from beginning to end, she was like a nimble kitten as she walked towards the snake!
At this moment, in the universe, another voice spread out.
"Hehe, Celestial Lord Ling Huo, I am not hiding from you. After I finish cultivating this Return to Origin Doppelganger, you can obediently wait for your death in Autumn Mountain Boundary!"
This thunderous voice passed through 100,000 big boundaries and floated in the universe. No matter if it was in the depths of the earth or in the depths of the sea, this voice could still be clearly transmitted. Moreover, every person, every living thing, could hear this voice. Not a single corner was missed …
The Roaring Command was so domineering …
Luo Zheng could hear it. Mu Mingxue could hear it. Naturally, the sleeping nine-headed snake could also hear it.
"Huff …"
However, this nine-headed snake had been sleeping for who knew how many years, so it did not wake up. Only one of its heads rolled, spitting out its tongue and making a sound. Then, it fell back into a deep sleep.
Mu Mingxue, who was originally in a state of extreme nervousness, suddenly heard the sound in her ear. Her heartbeat sped up by more than two times. When she saw one of the nine-headed snake's heads roll, her body trembled. Her originally nimble steps were suddenly messed up. Her foot stepped on a palm-sized stone. As the stone rolled, it made a "peng peng peng" sound.
This sound echoed in the cave, clearly entering one's ears.
Mu Mingxue froze in place. Luo Zheng also did not move. At this moment, the two of them even stopped breathing.
"Huff huff …"
When two of the snake heads heard this sound, they slightly raised their heads, as if they were listening to the source of the sound. Fortunately, they did not open their eyes. Probably because they were extremely sleepy, they once again lowered their heads.
At this moment, Mu Mingxue felt that she was going to die. However, after seeing the nine-headed snake's reaction, she let out a deep breath. She turned her head and smiled at Luo Zheng. Then, she continued to walk towards the Zhen Yuanyu …
When Mu Mingxue successfully approached the Zhen Yuanyu, her eyes emitted a ray of light.
She casually glanced at it and calculated the number of Zhen Yuanyu. There were a total of thirty-nine of them! She did not know what these Zhen Yuanyu were. Obviously, they were a kind of ore, but they grew here like a plant. Each Zhen Yuanyu was like a "fruit" of this plant.
Mu Mingxue reached out to pluck the fruits one by one.
However, when she reached out to grab the Zhen Yuanyu and pulled, her expression changed. She actually could not pull it off!
Luo Zheng, who was observing from a distance, also frowned slightly. Mu Mingxue was an almighty Divine Sea Realm expert. Even though she was only a woman, her strength was not weak. Could she not pull it off?
Mu Mingxue gently exerted her strength. This time, she used thirty percent of her strength. However, the Zhen Yuanyu in her hand still did not move. The same was true for the milky white branch. It was as if it was cast from iron. It was fixed in place and did not even sway.
Even an iron tree could not withstand Mu Mingxue's pull. It seemed that it would not be easy to take away this Zhen Yuanyu.
Mu Mingxue once again took a deep breath. This time, she used sixty percent of her strength. However, the Zhen Yuanyu still did not move …
Ninety percent …
Mu Mingxue's face had already turned red. However, the Zhen Yuanyu was still firmly hanging on the branch.
At this moment, Mu Mingxue understood that with her strength, she would not be able to take it off.
She turned her head and looked at Luo Zheng helplessly. She could only give up for now and return to Luo Zheng's side.
"I can't take it off …" Mu Mingxue's face revealed a trace of anger. She was about to succeed, but she realized that she could not take away the Zhen Yuanyu. Naturally, she felt depressed.
This was all the Lingwu Holy Land's fault. Generally speaking, when the Lingwu Holy Land was short of Zhen Yuanyu, they would send some Divine Realm experts to the various mines in the Holy Land to dig for Zhen Yuanyu. Usually, because of the abundant reserves, these Divine Realm experts were too lazy to take action. Firstly, it was too time-consuming. Secondly, there was a certain amount of risk.
If they wanted to take the Zhen Yuanyu, they would usually be equipped with a tool for digging Zhen Yuanyu. That tool was at least a Divine Weapon!

Chapter 989
Luo Zheng had a panoramic view of this scene just now, so he had a rough idea of what was going on.
However, just because Mu Mingxue couldn't take it off didn't mean that Luo Zheng couldn't.
At this time, Mu Mingxue's face revealed a resentful expression. She immediately said, "Let's go. If we alarm that guy, we'll go for wool and come home shorn …"
Luo Zheng stretched out his hand towards Mu Mingxue. "Give it to me!"
"Give what?" Mu Mingxue asked curiously.
"Lend me your gauze dress," Luo Zheng replied.
"You want to take the Zhen Yuanyu?" Mu Mingxue finally reacted.
Luo Zheng nodded. However, Mu Mingxue's face was full of doubt. Her cultivation was one stage higher than Luo Zheng's, but even she didn't have a good method. Could it be that Luo Zheng had a way?
"Don't worry, I can take it off," Luo Zheng said with a faint smile.
Although Mu Mingxue didn't believe it in her heart, seeing Luo Zheng's deep affection, she inexplicably felt a trace of trust in him. She felt that this guy would definitely succeed if he set out.
Mu Mingxue was indeed unwilling to come to the lowest level without taking the Zhen Yuanyu away. Since Luo Zheng wanted to try, she had no reason to refuse. In the end, she took off her gauze dress and handed it to Luo Zheng.
"Thank you!"
After Luo Zheng took the gauze dress, he bent his waist and at the same time restrained his aura. With the gauze dress' effect of restraining aura, the aura emitted from Luo Zheng's body was almost indiscernible.
With a burst of quick steps, Luo Zheng unexpectedly rushed towards the Zhen Yuanyu at an extremely fast speed.
Seeing Luo Zheng so reckless, Mu Mingxue was startled and directly covered her mouth with her hand. When Luo Zheng safely approached the Zhen Yuanyu without making the slightest sound, Mu Mingxue breathed a sigh of relief. This guy was too confident …
After approaching the Zhen Yuanyu, Luo Zheng did the same thing as Mu Mingxue. He wanted to directly pull the Zhen Yuanyu down from above.
However, the Zhen Yuanyu didn't move.
Luo Zheng's face also revealed a strange expression. He immediately used the power of the dragon scales.
However, as Luo Zheng increased the power of the dragon scales to around 1000, the Zhen Yuanyu didn't move. At this time, Luo Zheng also stopped increasing his power.
This power could be called the "Strength to Pull Up Mountains". Even a mountain would be overturned by it. However, it still didn't move. This could only mean one thing. This kind of world spirit item must contain the law of cause and effect. In other words, this wasn't a problem that could be solved with strength.
Thinking of this, Luo Zheng slightly leaned his body to the side. With his back facing Mu Mingxue, he gently pressed his spatial ring and took out the Black Star Pickaxe. He didn't want others to know that he had a Black Star Pickaxe. Under this cover, Mu Mingxue wouldn't dare to release her perception. Presumably, she wouldn't be able to see it.
He slowly extended the pickaxe and gently pried one of the roots of the Zhen Yuanyu. A very subtle sound was transmitted.
"Pop!"
The Zhen Yuanyu steadily fell into his hand.
At this time, Luo Zheng slightly frowned. He patted his head. Why did he have to pry it out one by one? As a world spirit item, the Zhen Yuanyu was concentrated on the same root. Couldn't he just pry it out by the roots?
Therefore, this time, Luo Zheng directly extended the pickaxe to the bottom of the Zhen Yuanyu. With a gentle pry, the law of cause and effect of the Zhen Yuanyu came into play. He uprooted the entire Zhen Yuanyu.
Luo Zheng smiled faintly. He put the Black Star Pickaxe into the Sumeru Mustard. Holding the Zhen Yuanyu in his hand, he turned his head and waved it at Mu Mingxue.
As for Mu Mingxue, her pair of beautiful eyes were wide open. She stared blankly at the Zhen Yuanyu.
Just now, she had used all her strength but was unable to pull out the Zhen Yuanyu. Just like that, Luo Zheng easily took it in his hand. It seemed as if he didn't use much strength.
This guy …
At this moment, Mu Mingxue rejoiced in her heart. Her intuition was indeed as powerful as always. At the same time, Mu Mingxue was a little worried. This Luo Zheng wouldn't take it all for himself, right? However, Mu Mingxue quickly rejected this idea. She felt that her vision was very accurate. This guy wasn't a selfish cultivator.
Holding the Zhen Yuanyu in his hand, Luo Zheng slowly walked towards Mu Mingxue.
However, at this moment, the Hydra that had been sleeping suddenly sniffed. To be precise, all nine heads sniffed at the same time. They quickly realized that something was wrong.
The Hydra chose to sleep here because there was a Zhen Yuanyu here. As a Spirit Plant of Heaven and Earth, this Zhen Yuanyu had already absorbed enough Yuan Qi of Heaven and Earth. However, since this Zhen Yuanyu was already full, the excess Yuan Qi of Heaven and Earth would be spat out. This was also the reason why Luo Zheng and Mu Mingxue were attracted to the Zhen Yuanyu in an instant. It was because they felt that the Zhen Yuanyu was absorbing a large amount of Yuan Qi of Heaven and Earth.
Although the Hydra was sleeping, it quickly realized that something was wrong when the Yuan Qi of Heaven and Earth that was being absorbed by the Zhen Yuanyu suddenly disappeared.
"Heh …"
"Heh heh …"
The Hydra's nine heads woke up almost at the same time.
Previously, they couldn't detect Mu Mingxue because they didn't open their eyes. Now that they had woken up, they looked around and saw that a human not far away had taken the Zhen Yuanyu and was about to swagger away. How could the Hydra not be angry?
Because Luo Zheng's back was facing the Hydra, Mu Mingxue was the first to notice that the Hydra had woken up. She covered her mouth again and pointed behind Luo Zheng with a frightened look in her eyes.
Luo Zheng suddenly frowned. At this time, he also felt the movement behind him!
"Whoosh!"
He didn't even look back. Almost instinctively, he flew towards Mu Mingxue like an arrow.
At the same time, a roar came from behind him. One of the Hydra's heads opened its mouth and tried to swallow Luo Zheng. However, it was too late. The Hydra's head smashed the rock under Luo Zheng's feet into pieces. At the same time, the whole cave began to roar.
"Go! Why are you still in a daze? "
Luo Zheng stuffed the Zhen Yuanyu into his sumeru ring. When he reached Mu Mingxue's side, he pulled her up from the ground!
Mu Mingxue only regained her senses after being dragged by Luo Zheng for a while. She circulated her True Yuan and hurriedly dashed forward without a care in the world.
The Hydra's body began to twist. Although it was huge, it was very agile. Not to mention that it was a twelfth level vicious beast. Its speed was faster than Mu Mingxue and Luo Zheng. In the blink of an eye, the distance between them was shortened a lot …
"It's so fast!" Mu Mingxue crazily urged the True Yuan in her body. Behind her, there was a trail of sparkling and translucent snowflakes.
As the Hydra chased after them, there was a small Hydra's head in the middle of its nine heads. The Hydra's head unexpectedly spoke in human language, "You're just a Life and Death Realm human, yet you dare to steal my Zhen Yuanyu. Hehe … I advise you to obediently stop and let me devour you. My nine brothers have been hungry for a long time. Hehe!"
Luo Zheng's eyes flashed. This Hydra seemed to have gained intelligence. Looking at the situation, its intelligence wasn't low.
Vicious beasts with intelligence were not uncommon. Not to mention, the Hydra was a Mythological Beast. Qinglong was also a Mythological Beast. His intelligence was much higher than that of many humans.
"Quick! Let's go through the cave in front! " Luo Zheng wasn't running around randomly. He was going straight through the path he came from. As for Mu Mingxue, she was at a loss. If she wasn't following Luo Zheng, she might have run away. The final result could be imagined. She would most likely alarm more and more vicious beasts, and eventually die without a burial place.
"Whoosh, whoosh …"
As the two sped forward, the Hydra was getting closer and closer to them.
"Is there any way to slow it down?" Luo Zheng asked.
As soon as his voice fell, Mu Mingxue turned around. A sparkling True Yuan ring spread out from her body, and immediately condensed into a fluttering snow ring.
"Falling Snow Domain!"
Generally, once a Domain was condensed, it would move along with its owner. However, after condensing it, Mu Mingxue directly threw the Domain in place, and followed closely behind Luo Zheng.

Chapter 990
Mu Mingxue's Snowfall Domain only slowed down the Hydra's movements by less than a breath's time. However, for the two of them, even a breath's time was extremely precious.
In fact, the danger in this mine couldn't be compared to the danger zones. If they dared to fight, the possibility of obtaining the Zhen Yuanyu was not small!
However, the ascenders had just ascended and didn't even have the time to properly see the world before losing their lives in this mine. No matter who it was, they wouldn't be willing to accept such a fate.
Therefore, the majority of the Divine Sea Realm experts would rather spend some time searching for top-grade True Origin Stones in the lower levels than searching for the Zhen Yuanyu.
Because Mu Mingxue had bought time for the two of them, they leaped all the way to the vertical hole that Luo Zheng had just smashed open. The two of them didn't stop at all and shot upwards.
How could the Hydra let the two of them go?
"Huff —"
All of the snake heads stood up. Its entire body surged rapidly as it climbed upwards.
Fortunately, the Hydra's body was huge, and the hole that Luo Zheng had smashed open was only two to three feet wide. However, the Hydra relied on its valiant strength to forcibly squeeze its way up!
"Crackle …"
The entire hole was forcibly crushed by its huge body and constantly collapsed on both sides. Even so, its speed wasn't affected in the slightest.
Mu Mingxue rushed upwards while releasing icicles one after another!
The attacks of the Divine Sea Realm experts weren't weak, but the problem was that the Hydra was even more powerful. Most of the icicles couldn't break its defense. Even if a small number of icicles pierced through the scales on its surface and caused a slight wound, the wound would heal in the blink of an eye!
Among the divine beasts, the Hydra's attack power was the weakest. However, this world had always been fair. Its attack power wasn't great, but its recovery ability was one of the best among the divine beasts. It was said that even if the Hydra's head was chopped off, it could still regrow it in a short time.
When Luo Zheng entered the Blue Clouds Road, he also obtained the Hydra's Blood Soul. It strengthened his Qi and blood power, allowing his body's recovery ability to rise to a new level.
Fortunately, the Hydra wasn't particularly good at attacking and chasing. If it were another kind of twelfth level vicious beast, Luo Zheng and Mu Mingxue wouldn't be able to escape …
Even the weakest divine beast was still a divine beast!
The Hydra seemed to be impatient in the midst of its relentless pursuit. The small head in the clump of snakes shrieked, "We're going to kill them, kill them! Poisonous Blood! "
"Huff —"
The Hydra's head, and the Hydra's's' mouths. '''s's' mouths condensed. a's's mouth.'s's's's's's.
Mu Mingxue's face turned ghastly pale at the sight of this. She and Luo Zheng were both ascending in this tunnel, and this tunnel was long and narrow. There was no place to dodge at all. They were in a hopeless situation!
"Huff!"
After the's's' 'mouths condensed the's''s''s' 'mouths, scarlet pillars of blood suddenly sprayed out!
Nine pillars of blood sprayed out in the passage. Luo Zheng and Mu Mingxue felt a bloody smell coming from below. At the same time, the bloody smell was mixed with an intense stench. The ''s' 'blood must be highly toxic.' '
"What should we do …" Mu Mingxue had almost given up resisting. She relied on her instincts to fly upwards. Although she still stubbornly believed that Luo Zheng was weaker than her, who else could help her besides Luo Zheng?
In fact, she didn't expect Luo Zheng to save her. In this situation, both of them would die. Therefore, she asked Luo Zheng out of reflex.
Luo Zheng's''s' 'was incomparably indifferent. He flipped over and grabbed Mu Mingxue.
"What are you doing?" Mu Mingxue seemed to understand something. She thought that Luo Zheng wanted to use her as a shield to block the '' spurting pillars of blood!
No one wanted to be used as a scapegoat. Therefore, Mu Mingxue subconsciously resisted. She wanted to flip over and step on Luo Zheng.
Mu Mingxue never expected that Luo Zheng wouldn't resist. She naturally pulled him over and he obediently lay down below Mu Mingxue. At this time, Mu Mingxue was stunned. She finally understood that she had misunderstood Luo Zheng.
He came over just to block the blades for her?
She and Luo Zheng had only just met. They didn't know each other well. Even if they had only known each other for a short period of time, they had established a certain level of trust. However, this trust was very fragile.
Even if they were brothers, it would be very difficult for them to block a blade in a time of crisis. The Life and Death Realm kid in front of her was actually blocking those deadly poisonous blood pillars for her?
At this moment, Mu Mingxue's face revealed an inconceivable expression.
"You!" Mu Mingxue sucked in a breath of cold air. While feeling the thick smell of blood, she stared at Luo Zheng.
Luo Zheng faintly smiled. He spread out his arms and maintained the speed of his ascent. At the same time, he blocked those poisonous blood pillars as much as he could!
"Hiss …"
The poison contained in these blood pillars was highly corrosive. After it splashed on the surrounding rock and quartz, it caused a violent reaction. Milky white bubbles and black smoke were emitted. At the same time, numerous holes were left behind. However, this poisonous blood didn't cause much trouble for Luo Zheng. It only corroded the clothes on Luo Zheng's back. Moreover, the impact of these blood pillars increased the speed of Luo Zheng's ascent!
"Invulnerable to poison?" When Mu Mingxue saw Luo Zheng, a stunned expression appeared on her face. She finally realized that she had underestimated Luo Zheng. This guy's secrets were far beyond her imagination.
At the same time, a trace of shame appeared on Mu Mingxue's face. He had just made it clear that he wanted to save her life, yet she still misunderstood him …
"Rumble …"
Although Luo Zheng had blocked those deadly blood pillars, the crisis wasn't over yet. The Hydra directly expanded the entire passage by ten times. Violent noises shook the bottom of the passage like an earthquake. It was still in hot pursuit.
However, the two finally passed through the passage and reached the bottom of the vein. They didn't have the slightest chance to take a breather and fled.
Along the way, the passage became narrower and narrower. The Hydra could only use blood arrows and blood pillars to continuously attack them from behind.
Mu Mingxue's state of mind had calmed down a lot. While dodging the Hydra's attacks, she sprinted forward. Occasionally, she would condense her Snowfall Domain to slow down the Hydra's speed. When she couldn't dodge the Hydra's attacks, Luo Zheng would stand behind her …
Not long after, Luo Zheng and Mu Mingxue actually reached the middle layer from the bottom!
After the Hydra chased them to this place, it seemed to be afraid of something. Its smallest head revealed an extremely unwilling expression. It only roared at Luo Zheng and Mu Mingxue, "Next time, next time, if you dare to break in again, I'll make sure that you won't be able to return!"
After throwing down these ruthless words, the Hydra turned its huge body around and retreated …
At this time, the two's faces revealed a look of relief. They were naturally very happy to be able to escape from death. What made them even happier was that they also obtained 39 Zhen Yuanyu.
"This exploration ends here. After returning to the settlement, I'll split it between you and me," Luo Zheng said faintly.
"Okay!" Although she believed that Luo Zheng wouldn't take all the Zhen Yuanyu for himself, Mu Mingxue's heart really calmed down after hearing Luo Zheng's words.
The two, one in front and one behind, flew towards the upper layer. At this time, Luo Zheng was holding a Zhen Yuanyu in his hand and carefully looking at it.
Zhen Yuanyu and Zhen Yuan Stone only had a one-word difference, but Luo Zheng felt that there was a big difference between them!
To put it bluntly, Zhen Yuan Stone was a special kind of ore. This kind of ore's texture just happened to be able to contain the World's Origin Qi. This was true even for Top Grade Zhen Yuan Stones. It was just that Top Grade Zhen Yuan Stones could contain more World's Origin Qi and Zhen Yuan was purer.
As for this Zhen Yuanyu, it seemed to be "grown". It should be condensed directly from the World's Origin Qi. Its function wasn't just to provide Zhen Yuan, it should have other uses!
This point could be seen from its value. A Top Grade Zhen Yuan Stone could be exchanged for a Top Grade Zhen Yuan Stone at a rate of 100: 1. But a Top Grade Zhen Yuan Stone could be exchanged for a Zhen Yuanyu at a rate of 10,000 per Zhen Yuan Stones …
The Zhen Yuanyu in his hand was warm and smooth. Even if he didn't crush it, it would still constantly release pure Zhen Yuan. A martial artist could directly absorb it.
However, Luo Zheng didn't need it. He relied on the Chaotic Qi and didn't need to replenish his Zhen Yuan.
Just as he was pondering and walking out of the mine, six or seven martial artists flew over from the horizon. These six or seven people were all Divine Sea Realm martial artists.
"Stop, kid," one of the Divine Sea Realm martial artists said coldly.
"Huh? There's actually a Life and Death Realm kid? This is really unprecedented, haha! "Another Divine Sea Realm martial artist laughed loudly.
＝＝＝＝＝

Chapter 991
Luo Zheng and Mu Mingxue didn't say anything. However, they were both people who had been through a lot. Naturally, they knew that these guys didn't come with good intentions.
Mu Mingxue frowned slightly and asked, "What's the matter?"
The leading bald warrior looked up and down at Mu Mingxue. His eyes lingered on Mu Mingxue's chest and waist for a while. The corners of his mouth curled up slightly and his eyes revealed a trace of obscenity. "What's the matter? Of course, something's the matter! " As he spoke, the bald warrior pointed to the cave behind Mu Mingxue. "Do you know how this cave came about?"
"How did you get here?" Mu Mingxue asked.
"The Lord of the Southern Sky Kingdom dug it out with a pickaxe!" The bald warrior pointed to himself and said.
Luo Zheng's eyes were indifferent. He kept playing with the Zhen Yuanyu in his hand. He didn't say a word from beginning to end.
However, Mu Mingxue's face was still full of doubts. She said, "You dug it out? So what? "There were mines all over the mountain. If they wanted to dig out Zhen Yuanyu, of course, they had to dig a hole.
The bald warrior smiled faintly. "You still don't understand? Hehe, pure and stupid enough. I like it! Since this cave was dug by me, the Zhen Yuanyu you dug out naturally belongs to me! "
"Yes, that's the reason!"
"Hahaha, Brother Nan is right!"
The other warriors of the Divine Sea Realm next to him also echoed.
Mu Mingxue had long known that these people had come with bad intentions, but she didn't expect them to be so shameless. It was impossible for them to dig this mine. After all, their predecessors had already dug countless mines. In such a large mountain range, there were probably more than a hundred thousand such mines. Even if they were the ones who dug it, there was no reason for them to pay True Meta Stones.
Mu Mingxue's face darkened. She said in a cold voice, "According to you, you want to rob in broad daylight?"
This bald warrior was honest. "I finally understand. Hehe!"
"Is the Lingwu Holy Land not going to interfere with such a blatant robbery in broad daylight?" Mu Mingxue's face was getting more and more unsightly. The seven people in front of her were all warriors of the Spirit Sea Realm, but she was the only one in the Spirit Sea Realm on her side. Luo Zheng was only in the Life and Death Realm. Although Mu Mingxue had just shown some incredible abilities, Mu Mingxue was still not optimistic about Luo Zheng's fighting strength.
After all, the gap between the Spirit Sea Realm and the Life and Death Realm was too big. First of all, Luo Zheng hadn't even opened his own inner world. Naturally, it was impossible for him to perform a Field Domain. It was impossible for him to compete with a Spirit Sea Realm warrior.
"Lingwu Holy Land? Hehe, they don't care about us ascenders. "The bald warrior sneered." As long as someone can pay enough True Meta Stones, they don't care about killing and robbing. "
Hearing this, Luo Zheng raised his eyebrows slightly. He was still playing with the Zhen Yuanyu in his hand. In his heart, however, he thought that the Lingwu Holy Land wouldn't interfere. This was easy. Although he thought so, his face was still indifferent.
Mu Mingxue had already gritted her teeth. She was afraid that she was going to suffer a loss. The Zhen Yuanyu was in the hands of Luo Zheng, and she had hundreds of top-grade True Meta Stones. Thinking of this, Mu Mingxue said, "I did dig up some top-grade True Meta Stones. Can I give them to you?"
After saying this, Mu Mingxue turned her hand and took out her top-grade True Meta Stones.
The bald martial artist faintly swept his eyes over them and chuckled, "Not bad, but … you only managed to dig up a few top grade true essence stones? I don't believe it! "
This request was even more excessive. Mu Mingxue was willing to take out the top-grade True Meta Stones she dug up in the mine, which was already a big concession. She didn't expect this group of guys to …
However, Mu Mingxue was truly helpless right now. If they fought, she was clearly no match for these people. She fiercely clenched her pearly white teeth and said, "I can let you check my spatial ring!" After she finished speaking, she extended her jade-like hand. There was a light red ring on her middle finger.
The bald warrior narrowed his eyes and almost couldn't wait to reach out his hand!
Whether it was in the universe or in the lower realms, the number of female warriors was in the minority. And the number of female warriors who could cultivate to the Divine Sea Realm and ascend was even fewer …
When these ascenders were in the lower realms, they had many wives and concubines. However, after they ascended and started mining, they rarely had the chance to get close to other women. Although Mu Mingxue was wearing plain clothes, her appearance and figure were devastatingly beautiful. How could this bald warrior let her go?
He grabbed Mu Mingxue's hand and pretended to check Mu Mingxue's Sumeru Ring. Then he smiled and said, "Well, I didn't hide it, but maybe it's not hidden here. Maybe it's hidden here …" After saying this, he actually touched Mu Mingxue's chest!
"Get out of my way!" At this time, Mu Mingxue was finally angry. A little bit of True Yuan suddenly spread out and condensed into a snow ring. It suddenly spread out in all directions, forcing the bald warrior away.
To her surprise, the bald cultivator's hands suddenly turned golden. With a light pinch, he shattered Mu Mingxue's snow bracelet. With a lewd look on his face, he chuckled, "If you promise me this once, and accompany my brothers while you're at it, I don't care about these supreme-grade True Origin Stones …"
"You just said that the Spirit Martial Holy Land doesn't care about killing and robbing in the mine, right?" Luo Zheng said indifferently.
From the beginning, everyone had chosen to ignore Luo Zheng. Although they found it strange, how could a Life and Death Realm warrior appear here? Could it be that this guy relied on his Life and Death Realm cultivation to ascend? However, when they saw Mu Mingxue, they were all stunned. How could they pay attention to a Life and Death Realm little guy?
However, since Luo Zheng had spoken, the bald martial artist coldly said, "That's right. Don't worry, after I've served this little girl, I naturally won't let you off. Just stay on the side and be obedient … huh? What are you holding in your hand? "
As soon as the bald warrior opened his mouth, the eyes of the six warriors suddenly became straight!
"Zhen Yuanyu!"
"Big Brother Nan, it's Zhen Yuanyu!"
"Hahaha, we are really lucky this time. This Zhen Yuanyu is worth ten thousand top grade True Yuan Stones!"
These Spirit Sea Realm warriors were all wild with joy as if this Zhen Yuanyu already belonged to them.
Luo Zheng nodded slightly, "Yes, it is indeed Zhen Yuanyu. I have more than one here …"
"Luo Zheng! Are you crazy? "Mu Mingxue was already in despair. She didn't expect Luo Zheng to speak like this.
Luo Zheng's expression was still calm. He even smiled slightly and took out the other 38 Zhen Yuanyu from his Sumeru Ring, "Look, I still have so many."
Seeing the Zhen Yuanyu in Luo Zheng's hand, the seven Spirit Sea Realm warriors were all crazy.
"So many! So many! "
"This is hundreds of thousands of top grade True Yuan Stones! Big Brother Nan, we are really lucky this time … "
It should be known that they could only extort a few hundred top grade True Yuan Stones every month when they robbed the lode. If they were lucky, they could get a few thousand. The problem was that with so many of them, they had to gather seven million top grade True Yuan Stones before they could leave.
They were all ascenders, warriors of the Spirit Sea Realm. Some ascenders had been robbed once, so they had become smarter. Robbing was becoming more and more difficult!
Now that so many Zhen Yuanyu had suddenly appeared, how could they not be wild with joy?
The bald warrior smacked his lips and looked at Luo Zheng. In addition to the joy on his face, he also had some doubts, "I don't know if you are really stupid or just pretending to be stupid. Normally, when someone has dug out a Zhen Yuanyu, how could they hand it over so easily? Why did you show it to others? "
No matter how stupid a guy was, he wouldn't do such a thing. Therefore, the bald warrior called "Big Brother Nan" was also quite confused.
Luo Zheng stretched his arms and said, "Actually, before entering the lode, I thought about robbing. Compared to working hard to mine, robbing should be faster, right? But after thinking about it, I still don't think it is suitable for me to do such a despicable thing. For one thing, I don't know if the Lingwu Holy Land will interfere. For another, this kind of thing is really tasteless. "

Chapter 992
For a moment, these Divine Sea Realm warriors doubted if they had heard it wrong.
At the same time, he was puzzled in his heart. Where did that chill come from?
In the mortal world, these ascenders were either the monarch of a Divine Kingdom or the leader of a Sixth or Seventh Rank Holy Land. In these Divine Kingdoms and Holy Lands, there were not as many Life and Death Realm warriors as there were in the Divine Kingdoms and Holy Lands, but each force had at least hundreds of them.
Since when did they take Life and Death Realm warriors seriously?
More importantly, after listening for a while, it seemed that this Life and Death Realm kid was going to start a fight here!
Who gave this kid the courage to do this? One against seven warriors of the Spirit Sea Realm?
Was this guy crazy?
At this moment, the seven Divine Sea Realm warriors didn't know whether to laugh or cry.
Even Mu Mingxue, who was standing beside Luo Zheng, was dumbfounded. She really didn't know what gave Luo Zheng such confidence. Did Luo Zheng have some background? This was impossible. If Luo Zheng had some background in the mortal world, why would he need to mine here? He must have been taken away by someone.
However, although Mu Mingxue was very confused, she didn't make any move. This kid had shown her incredible skills twice in a row. Did he have a way to deal with these Divine Sea Realm warriors this time? On second thought, Luo Zheng didn't have any chance of winning with his cultivation. Therefore, although she looked calm, she was actually restless.
After the Divine Sea Realm warriors finished laughing, they stared at Luo Zheng with ridicule. The bald warrior laughed so hard that he couldn't breathe. But in the end, his smiling face was full of coldness. "I'll give you a chance to live. Give me all the Zhen Yuanyu and hand in the Zhen Yuanyu every day. If you don't do it one day, your life …"
"Thank you for your kindness, but I don't need this chance." Luo Zheng smiled. The Chaotic Qi in his body suddenly burst out. In an instant, he got close to the bald warrior.
During the last period of time in the Mortal World, Luo Zheng also practiced diligently.
In addition to practicing the Primal Chaos Secret Technique and the Astral Battle Body, he had also obtained a book that recorded the Origin Laws from the library in the immortal abode.
Generally, the Origin Source Laws were engraved on stone tablets, while his master would directly make all kinds of Origin Source Laws into giant books. After entering the books, one would be able to completely comprehend the Origin Source Laws without any omission. With Luo Zheng's near-perfect affinity, the speed at which he comprehended the Origin Source Laws was extremely fast. After obtaining the Origin Source Laws, Luo Zheng also rapidly absorbed the knowledge of the Origin Source Laws.
Therefore, in a short period of time, Luo Zheng cultivated the Source Laws that he had already comprehended to the third layer. He also recorded the subsequent Laws in the library. However, it took a lot of time to comprehend them. Luo Zheng knew that he shouldn't bite off more than he could chew, so he didn't spend too much time on cultivating the Laws.
Luo Zheng had also experimented before. Using the Primal Chaos Qi to stimulate the Power of the Laws, the power of the Laws would increase exponentially!
Even when Luo Zheng had just broken through to the Life and Death Realm, he still had the strength to fight with ordinary Divine Sea Realm warriors. During the period before his ascension, Luo Zheng had refined his cultivation and replaced his True Essence. His cultivation had also increased to the fifth layer of the Life and Death Realm. His strength could be described as "advancing by leaps and bounds". Facing these ascenders who had just entered the Divine Sea Realm, what did Luo Zheng have to fear?
The Primal Chaos Qi in Luo Zheng's body surged. He used the Chasing Cloud movement technique that he had learned from Feng Nianyun. His entire body stuck close to the bald cultivator at an incredible speed!
The bald cultivator was immediately stunned. At this moment, he suddenly remembered the suffering he had suffered in the past!
Before his ascension, the bald cultivator had suffered a great loss in the Mortal World. It was because he had underestimated his opponent that he was seriously injured by one of his opponents and almost died! Being able to ascend to the Mortal World was entirely due to a fortuitous encounter after he was seriously injured.
Since then, the bald cultivator had warned himself more than once to never underestimate his opponents. No matter who the opponent was, he must treat them seriously!
However, the guy in front of him was just a Life and Death Realm kid!
The gap between the Life and Death Realm and the Divine Sea Realm was unimaginably huge. Just by relying on the power of his Domain, he could suppress all Life and Death Realm warriors.
Seeing Luo Zheng close to him, the bald cultivator had a bad feeling in his heart. Having suffered once, he instantly burst out with unprecedented vigilance. Almost like a conditioned reflex, he spread out his Domain.
"Ten Thousand Ghosts Domain!"
When his Ten Thousand Ghosts Domain was spread out, he was immediately surrounded by ghost shadows. Strands of Yin Qi surrounded him!
When he was in the Mortal World, Luo Zheng relied on the power transfer of the world's will, so he was very afraid of Divine Sea Realm warriors. But now, Luo Zheng could no longer rely on "power transfer" to fight, but his strength was no longer the same as before.
"It's too late to spread out your Domain now," Luo Zheng shook his head. If this guy had spread out his Domain from the beginning, Luo Zheng would have had to spend a lot of effort to break it. But even so, he was still confident that he could take him down. But now, Luo Zheng was only a short distance away from this bald cultivator. The power of the Domain could not exert any effect at all!
Before those ghost shadows could take shape, Luo Zheng's palm had already landed on the bald cultivator's chest!
The moment he attacked, he used the power of 4,000 dragon scales! And at the same time, the Vital Spirit in his arm burst out. The Vital Spirit contained the rich power of the Law of Wind. So, everyone saw that the speed of Luo Zheng's hand instantly exceeded the limit of what could be seen with the naked eye. They only saw a flash of blue light, followed by a muffled sound.
"Poof!"
The bald cultivator's burly body smashed into the mine. Like a falling meteor, he directly smashed into a cave. The moment his body smashed into the cave, the cave collapsed in an instant. Then came a rumbling sound.
"Rumble …"
The rumbling sound continued from the depths of the mine. Of course, everyone knew that this bald cultivator had been smashed into the mine for thousands of feet.
After a long while, the rumbling sound disappeared.
The remaining six Divine Sea Realm warriors looked down. Their eyes were all filled with astonishment, and their throats were constantly swallowing saliva.
In addition to shock, there was also a deep fear in their hearts.
With one slap, "Big Brother Nan" was directly smashed down. Moreover, it seemed that Big Brother Nan was doomed!
This group of people recognized the bald martial artist as their big brother. This was because the bald martial artist was the strongest amongst the seven of them. That was why they had banded together to fight for the true essence stones of the other martial artists. In this mine, they weren't the only group of ascenders who did this. In fact, there were a considerable number of ascenders who were too lazy to mine, so they resorted to robbing others to collect true essence stones.
The number of ascenders in this group of seven could be considered small. Some ascenders would band together with dozens of people, and they would even monopolize a mine in this mine. Any cultivator who entered the mine to mine would have to pay a certain percentage of Vital Spirit Stones.
From the moment they saw that Luo Zheng was only in the Life and Death Realm, these Divine Sea Realm warriors felt that something was wrong. After all, how could a Life and Death Realm warrior ascend? This was something they couldn't figure out.
However, a mere Life and Death Realm warrior wasn't worthy of their attention. They didn't take Mu Mingxue seriously, and it was even more impossible for them to take Luo Zheng seriously.
Now, they understood that this kid's cultivation was just for show. His strength was much stronger than those who had just entered the Divine Sea Realm. Even "Big Brother Nan" couldn't resist in front of him!
As for Mu Mingxue, her small mouth was slightly open. She recalled the scene just now, and her face was full of disbelief. No matter how rich her imagination was, she couldn't have guessed that Luo Zheng's backer was himself.
Luo Zheng looked at his palm with a faint smile on his face, as if the fierce scene just now had never happened. At the same time, he asked, "I wonder if the Lingwu Holy Land really doesn't care about killing and robbing? If it's true, that would be great … "
When these words were spoken, the faces of those warriors suddenly changed.
"Let's go!"
As Divine Sea Realm warriors, their decisions were surprisingly quick. They also knew that Luo Zheng's words were just a threat. However, if they didn't know what was good for them, they didn't doubt that Luo Zheng would kill them. Naturally, no one was stupid enough to answer Luo Zheng's question.
"Whoosh, whoosh, whoosh, whoosh …"

Chapter 993
Not far away, there were a few ascenders watching this scene. These ascenders had more or less been extorted by "Big Brother Nan" and his group.
This time, when they saw the man and woman being surrounded by Big Brother Nan's group, they couldn't help but sigh in their hearts. These two new ascenders were probably out of luck. Not only would they lose the True Origin Stones they dug out, but the woman would also be humiliated and humiliated.
They never imagined that the situation would be reversed in the blink of an eye. That Life and Death brat had actually slapped "Big Brother Nan" to the point where they didn't even know if he was dead or alive!
Luo Zheng's gaze swept around in a circle, and the hearts of those ascenders who were watching the show suddenly trembled. In their eyes, Luo Zheng had already become a fiendish existence, and all of them immediately flew away from this place.
At this time, Luo Zheng turned his head and faintly smiled at Mu Mingxue, saying indifferently, "Let's go back and hand over these Zhen Yuanyu."
After saying this, he flew back to the settlement without looking back.
Mu Mingxue followed behind Luo Zheng. Although she didn't say a word, her gaze was very complicated.
At the beginning, Mu Mingxue had a sense of superiority in front of Luo Zheng. Her cultivation was higher than Luo Zheng's, and her uncle was the city lord of a big city in the Spirit Martial Holy Land. Although her uncle hadn't shown up yet, he might have been delayed for some reason. Therefore, she planned to recommend him to take Luo Zheng away if her uncle came here in person. Such a Life and Death Realm martial artist would certainly be a promising talent after further study.
Now, Mu Mingxue naturally understood that Luo Zheng didn't need anyone's help! On the contrary, she needed his help …
However, although she was disappointed, Luo Zheng had helped her get through this calamity. Naturally, she was sincerely grateful to Luo Zheng.
The settlement was still bustling with people, and a steady stream of ascenders entered the settlement to pay the True Origin Stones. Then, they would choose to rest for a while, or continue to dig in the mineral veins to pay the one million top grade True Origin Stones as soon as possible so that they could leave this damned place as soon as possible.
When Luo Zheng took out the Zhen Yuanyu, almost all the ascenders' eyes were focused on him, revealing greed in their eyes.
However, there were many soldiers of the Spirit Martial Holy Land in the settlement, so no one dared to openly rob.
"Huh? If I remember correctly, you've just registered as an ascender, right? " The soldier who collected the True Origin stones looked at Luo Zheng, and his eyes revealed surprise.
True Essence Jades were not considered rare here. There were always ascenders who were willing to risk their lives and enter the bottom layer of the mine to dig for True Essence Jades. It was just that Luo Zheng seemed to have just registered not long ago and had already taken out a large number of True Essence Jades.
Luo Zheng asked indifferently, "What's wrong? Is there a problem? "
The soldier chuckled. "Of course there's no problem. The sooner you pay, the sooner you leave. It's a good thing."
When the Zhen Yuanyu was registered, Luo Zheng registered half of it with Mu Mingxue. Although Mu Mingxue did not play a decisive role, Luo Zheng always acted fairly. He did not want Mu Mingxue to bring him any benefits, nor did he want Mu Mingxue's beauty. He just knew that there was an inexhaustible supply of good things in this world. As long as one had strength, there was no need to be too greedy.
After handing over the Zhen Yuanyu, Luo Zheng did not choose to continue mining. Although he could not leave the mineral veins at present, he was still relatively free. He had more important things to do.
On the other side of the settlement was a wilderness where ascenders sat in groups of twos and threes, meditating and cultivating.
Luo Zheng and Mu Mingxue agreed to meet at noon tomorrow in the settlement and enter the mineral veins again.
Mu Mingxue actually wanted to follow Luo Zheng, but when she saw that Luo Zheng wanted to move alone, she did not insist. She found a corner to meditate and cultivate.
Luo Zheng wandered around the area, then left far away and returned to the mineral veins. He found a cave and entered it. He even smashed open a small cave with his bare hands, then took out his longsword. With a few simple flashes of sword light, he carved out a stone bed in the small cave. He then returned to the entrance of the cave and set up an aura concealing divine rune. After completely concealing himself, he sat on the stone bed and took out the roaring token in his hand.
Qinglong had already told Luo Zheng the value of the roaring token. A roaring token that could only be used once was already an extremely rare item. Even the Great Realm Lords might only have one or two. The value of this roaring token that could be used infinitely was immeasurable!
Therefore, he naturally had to be careful when using the roaring token.
After making all these preparations, Luo Zheng took out the roaring token. According to the method taught by the immortal in the book, he only needed to use his True Yuan to activate the roaring token.
Luo Zheng did not have True Yuan, but he had the Chaos Qi, which was even more powerful than True Yuan. This time, when the Chaos Qi was injected into the roaring token, it began to emit a faint golden light.
Luo Zheng's eyes flashed. After thinking for a while, he held the roaring token and shouted, "Luo Yan, where are you?"
When Luo Zheng said this to the roaring token, his voice spread out …
Luo Yan, where are you …
Luo Zheng's voice suddenly rang out in the Spirit Channeling World!
Of course, it was not just the Spirit Channeling World.
Autumn Mountain Domain, Myriad Devil Domain, Divine Martial Domain, Xuan Dynasty Domain, Cloud Light Domain …
100,000 Great Realms, the entire universe, trillions of living beings all heard Luo Zheng's voice at the same time.
They heard an inexplicable sentence in their ears.
Luo Yan, where are you …
Mu Mingxue, who was originally cultivating, naturally heard this sentence. Her brows slightly furrowed, and a trace of a strange expression appeared on her face.
This voice was so familiar!
It seemed to be … Luo Zheng's voice?
She subconsciously turned her head to look around, but did not find Luo Zheng's voice. In the next moment, she suddenly realized that it was the roaring token that resounded throughout the universe!
However, when she thought of this, her pair of beautiful eyes suddenly became round, and her heart started to pound. No, it couldn't be Luo Zheng.
Perhaps, it was just the voice that was similar …
She heard from her uncle that the roaring token's value was immeasurable. Even the Realm Master of the Spirit Channeling World only had one roaring token, and did not dare to use it rashly. Luo Zheng was just an Ascender. Moreover, if he had the roaring token, why would he need to mine here? The value of one roaring token was probably enough to allow all the Ascenders in this mine to regain their freedom, and there would be more than enough to spare.
However, the voice just now was really too similar, so Mu Mingxue's face revealed a puzzled expression.
Then there was the content of that sentence. Luo Yan! Surname Luo, first name "Yan". Luo Yan, Luo Zheng … these two were really related!
"It's probably a coincidence." Mu Mingxue also felt that she was a bit crazy. No matter how amazing this Luo Zheng was, the roaring token was not something that he could have obtained.
At the same time, the vast majority of living beings in the universe who had gained sentience were puzzled.
Someone suddenly used the roaring token to throw out a sentence without rhyme or reason, and it seemed that he was looking for someone. However, this Luo Yan seemed to be a nameless person, so for some reason, he actually used the roaring token?
"Maybe he's a descendant of some Celestial Venerable. He has a lot of roaring tokens and is not afraid to waste them!"
"This is really burning money! Oh my God, a roaring token … ai! "
"Don't feel unbalanced. It's not like no one has done this before. When the eldest son of an Empyrean from the Realm of the Gods proposed to Empyrean Vast's daughter and confessed his feelings, he used a hundred roaring tokens!"
In the small cave, Luo Zheng didn't make a move. He was waiting.
The strength of that young man was unimaginably powerful. Just as Xun had said, he was an existence that surpassed an Empyrean. A mere roaring token should not be difficult for him. Since he had promised to protect Luo Yan, if Luo Yan heard his words, he would certainly respond with a roaring token.
After a long time, there was no sound in his ears. Luo Zheng's eyes gradually sank.
There were only two explanations for this situation. The first was that Luo Yan could not obtain the roaring token. The second was that Luo Yan was not within the scope of the universe.
If it was the first one, it meant that Luo Yan's situation was not as good as Luo Zheng had guessed. He might have been imprisoned, or something worse had happened. Of course, it was also possible that the young man was very stingy and was unwilling to respond to Luo Yan's roaring token …
＝＝＝＝＝

Chapter 994
The second possibility was that Luo Yan wasn't in the universe.
This was bad news for Luo Zheng …
The universe was so big that it would be harder for Luo Zheng to find his sister than to reach the heavens.
If Luo Yan was outside the universe, it would be even more difficult for Luo Zheng.
Thinking of this, Luo Zheng's face showed a trace of unwillingness, and then he activated the Roaring Token again.
"Luo Yan, where are you …"
As the Roaring Token vibrated slightly, Luo Zheng's second sentence spread out again, instantly resounding through the universe!
In the entire universe, countless races and living beings heard these words once again …
"Damn, who is this Luo Yan? Why is this woman so lucky? In order to find her, he burned two Roaring Tokens and didn't even blink an eye! "
"This is called being rich and willful!"
"But this sentence without rhyme or reason is quite depressing. Even if it's a missing person notice, it shouldn't be broadcasted like this. In any case, he should at least tell us his location or something. How can he find someone like this?"
What they didn't know was that Luo Zheng didn't have a powerful background, nor was he a descendant of a Celestial Master. With his current strength and status, he naturally had to be careful and wouldn't tell others his name and location. If he revealed too much information, Luo Zheng would simply be courting death!
After Luo Zheng's second message was transmitted, he waited for another incense stick's worth of time, but there was still no response.
He began to feel somewhat irritated.
Originally, after using the Roaring Token to find his sister's news, Luo Zheng would obtain enough Zhen Yuanyu to become an independent warrior. Then, he would find a way to travel through the universe to find Luo Yan.
However, this first step seemed to be impossible because Luo Yan didn't reply.
Very unwilling, Luo Zheng activated the Roaring Token again, and it was still the same sentence without rhyme or reason. "Luo Yan, where are you …"
Just as he finished speaking, he suddenly heard a voice. Someone had used the Roaring Token to reply!
"Hmph, so what if you've mastered the Returning to Origin Clone? I will wait for you in Autumn Mountain Jie. Let's see if you dare to come! "
When the voice suddenly sounded out, Luo Zheng was originally filled with anticipation, but in the end, it was the words of the Heavenly Sovereign Ling Huo. The originally frustrated Luo Zheng's expression became even more furious.
Luo Zheng was afraid that his voice couldn't reach Luo Yan's ears. If someone else interrupted him, how could he be in a good mood?
However, Luo Zheng couldn't be bothered to provoke Celestial Venerate Ling Huo. As soon as Celestial Venerate Ling Huo finished speaking, the other Celestial Venerate Still Water also used the Roar Command. "Hehe, just wait patiently. Wait for me to take your life!"
Luo Zheng was already very irritated. Now that the two Celestial Masters were quarreling with each other using the Roar Command, Luo Zheng was instantly annoyed. Impulsively, he activated the Roar Command.
"What are you guys arguing about? Can't it be a little quieter? "
Previously, Luo Zheng's three sentences were still in a gentle voice. Now, he suddenly exploded. All the living beings in the universe who had awakened were instantly stunned.
Vast Cloud Jie …
In the Vast Cloud Palace.
Countless Ascension Passageways were constantly flashing with milky white light.
These Ascension Passageways were not used for warriors from the Lower Realm to ascend. In fact, the one who created these Ascension Passageways was a woman in the Vast Cloud Palace.
This woman was currently sitting in a bathtub in the center of the Vast Cloud Palace. She was completely naked, but her body was shrouded in a cloud of mist. One could only vaguely see her beautiful figure and white jade-like skin. The only flaw was her back, which was covered with numerous scars …
Not long after, a Ascension Passageway flashed with silver white light. Then, a woman walked out of the Ascension Passageway. That woman looked exactly the same as the woman in the Vast Cloud Palace! Appearance, expression, and demeanor, there was no difference at all.
The woman who just walked out of the Ascension Tunnel took off all her clothes as she walked. She stepped into the Heavenly Palace naked. The moment she stepped into the Heavenly Palace, she turned into a red dot of light and was absorbed by the woman in the bathtub!
Women kept coming out of the Ascension Passageway and were continuously absorbed. All kinds of clothes were scattered around the Vast Cloud Palace, piling up into a mountain!
The woman in the bathtub was the woman Luo Zheng had seen in the Lower Realm, Yun Luo!
To be exact, Luo Zheng had seen her clone before.
Yun Luo cultivated a secret technique that split her soul into a million pieces and scattered them randomly in the Lower Realm to cultivate. This was the famous Million Clones Technique!
Through the continuous training of a million clones, Yun Luo's cultivation, experience, and comprehension had all increased tremendously!
She wanted to use this opportunity to break through to the Sector Lord level!
Right now, her Million Clones Technique had reached the final stage. She needed to absorb all her clones through the Ascension Passageway …
However, the entire absorption process was not completed in an instant. It would take about a month or so. After all, there were so many Greater Worlds, and the speed of ascension varied. Moreover, not all of the million doppelgangers survived. A small number of doppelgangers were killed by others, and some doppelgangers might have been imprisoned. She could not control all of her doppelgangers, and accidents were bound to happen.
Of course, Yun Luo couldn't go back to the Lower Realm to take revenge. She wasn't that bored.
Other than that, she also needed to retrieve the memories of her clones.
Most of the memories were meaningless to Yun Luo, but she was surprised to find a guy called Luo Zheng from two of her clones!
When she paid attention to the memories of the two clones, she quickly brought up all the things she had met with Luo Zheng …
"This little guy is very special. The Battle of the Worlds and the Fateless … These two destinies can't appear in the same person at the same time. They contradict each other, but they just happened to appear in this kid …"
Soaking in the emerald green bathtub, Yun Luo raised her head and pondered while tying her hair up.
Right at this moment, Luo Zheng's Roaring Token could be heard.
"Luo Yan, where are you …?"
When Yun Luo heard the voice, a puzzled expression emerged on her face.
She had just obtained the memories of Luo Zheng from her two clones …
One of the memories was when Luo Zheng was a Xiantian realm warrior, and the other was when Luo Zheng broke through to the Divine Core realm in the Evil Tower.
Therefore, when Luo Zheng's voice sounded out, Yun Luo immediately recognized his voice!
"His ascension speed is pretty fast." Yun Luo said with a faint smile on her face. "But, where did this guy get these Roaring Tokens?"
Even Yun Luo only had five Roaring Tokens in her possession.
With her half-step Realm Lord cultivation base, there weren't many people who had Roaring Tokens. Ordinary Realm Lords would only have one or two Roaring Tokens. Because of her special status, she had so many Roaring Tokens.
However, five Roaring Tokens were too rare, and she wouldn't use them unless it was an emergency.
However, in just a short moment, she heard Luo Zheng repeat the same sentence three times!
"He's wasting so much just to find his sister …" Yun Luo was speechless. Through Yun Luo's clone in White Emperor City, Yun Luo had learned that Luo Zheng had a sister called Luo Yan, and she seemed to be related to a Second Grade Sect in the Lower Realm.
Later on, she was kidnapped and brought to the Central Domain. As for how Luo Yan came to the Upper Realm, there was no clue in her clone's memory, and Yun Luo had no way of knowing.
She had just spread her clones like seeds, and she didn't know how to control the actions of her clones. Furthermore, there were over a million clones, and she couldn't control them all.
Next, the two Heavenly Lords used their Roaring Tokens to curse each other.
Heavenly Lord Ling Huo and Heavenly Lord Zhi Shui could be considered as a pair of old enemies. This cursing battle had lasted for many years, and no one knew how many Roaring Tokens had been wasted.
However, they were both Heavenly Lords, and they had the right to waste their tokens. But no one expected that Luo Zheng would be so wasteful …
Yun Luo walked around for a while, but she didn't find any signs of the Ascension Tunnel lighting up again. Most of her clones should still be in the process of ascension. So, she slid her body into the pool. During the process of absorbing her clones, her body was extremely weak, and she had to be completely soaked in this special liquid.

Chapter 995
In the universe, those who could use the Roaring Command were basically peak existences.
Very few people like Celestial Master Ling Huo and Celestial Master Zhi Shui, who always used the Roaring Command to curse at each other.
Both of them were extremely famous in the universe and were naturally very strong. Even many Celestial Masters were unwilling to provoke them.
It wasn't that they couldn't afford to provoke them, but Celestial Master Ling Huo and Celestial Master Zhi Shui were independent cultivators. Provoking them would cause endless trouble.
Therefore, when the two of them used the Roaring Command, at most, it was noisy and annoying. They just had to endure it.
Most people would pretend they didn't hear it. At most, they would curse them in private. Who would dare to use the Roaring Command to insult them?
But this Luo Zheng was very powerful!
He scolded the two of them as soon as he arrived.
Yun Luo coughed for a long time before spitting out the damned spirit liquid. She didn't know whether to laugh or cry.
"This kid is really fierce. I wonder where he ascended to?"
Yun Luo agreed with the way her clone in the Sin Tower did things. A Fateless person was very important. Don't twist his fate.
Although this kid was a Fateless person, if he really ascended to her domain, it would be fate. Thinking of this …
Yun Luo walked out of the bath. However, as soon as she left the mist in the bath, a faint green light appeared and enveloped her body. Soon, it formed a fitting green dress.
At this time, five or six transportation channels flickered with light. In an instant, several identical Yun Luos appeared.
Their expressions were wooden. They planned to take off their clothes and merge with Yun Luo's main body.
Yun Luo said indifferently, "Wait here. There's something I need to deal with."
The Yun Luos stood in place, stupefied. They didn't move at all, waiting for the main body to deal with them.
After Yun Luo left the Misty Cloud Palace, she issued an order to submit the list of all ascenders. She wanted to look through it.
The subordinate who received the order was rather puzzled. Why did Lord Yun Luo want to look through the list of ascenders? What was so good about them? However, since it was Yun Luo's personal order, he did not dare to neglect it and hurriedly issued the order.
Among the thousands of large realms, there were countless ascension channels. Collecting all the recent name lists through these large realms and presenting them to Yun Luo was a huge project.
When Luo Zheng cursed, all the Realm Lords, Empyreans, and countless other martial artists had the same reaction as Yun Luo!
At first, their faces were filled with astonishment. Then, they didn't know whether to laugh or cry …
Who was this guy? His guts were too fat, to even dare to scold an Empyrean!
Originally, when Luo Zheng was looking for Luo Yan, everyone was curious about his identity. This time, the entire Huan Yu exploded! Those were trillions of living beings!
As for the two Celestial Sovereigns, they were silent for a moment before Celestial Sovereign Still Water's furious roar resounded through the universe once again.
"Brat, do you know who I am?" Celestial Lord Still Water's temperament was unyielding. How could he tolerate others cursing him?
Everyone thought that this should be the end of it.
Offending a Celestial Venerable would result in suffering, so it was better not to go overboard. Many people admired Luo Zheng for scolding the two Celestial Venerables. After all, they had heard these two old monsters quarrel on and off over the years, and they were sick of it. Now that an unknown junior had jumped out and scolded them, they felt very relieved.
Moreover, this Roaring Token was a rare item. This brat probably obtained a few Roaring Tokens by chance. Once he used them up, they would be gone. It was impossible for him to reply to an Empyrean's words without limit.
However, everyone's guess was completely wrong.
"I know, aren't you Celestial Lord Still Water?" Luo Zheng activated the Roaring Token and sneered.
"Hmph, you know I'm Celestial Lord Still Water, yet you still dare to scold me? Do you want to die? "Celestial Lord Still Water said angrily.
Luo Zheng chuckled and activated the Roaring Token again. "Of course I don't want to die, but what can you do to me?"
The number of creatures in the universe was unimaginable. There were all kinds of races, all kinds of creatures …
Trying to find Luo Zheng in the hundreds of thousands of worlds was countless times more difficult than finding a needle in a haystack. Moreover, Celestial Lord Still Water did not know who Luo Zheng was. Even if he wanted to find him, he did not know where to start!
To put it bluntly, even if I scold you, you won't be able to find me. Other than feeling anxious, there was really no other way!
In the past, many people in the universe had done this kind of thing.
At that time, there were still many divine beasts like the Howling Celestial Tapir in the universe, and the Roaring Token was not so precious. Therefore, during that period of time, the entire universe was filled with a foul atmosphere.
Some Realm Lords were very dissatisfied with a certain Empyrean, so they gave thousands of Roaring Tokens to a subordinate to scold that Empyrean. They scolded him from day to night, and all kinds of curses continuously rang in the ears of the trillions of creatures in the universe. It did not stop day and night, and it almost drove them crazy.
Fortunately, these days did not last long. As the Howling Celestial Tapir became rarer and rarer, anyone who used the Roaring Token would have to think carefully. Even Empyreans did not have many Roaring Tokens, so they did not dare to use them carelessly.
Celestial Lord Ling Huo and Celestial Lord Still Water were originally enemies. However, because Luo Zheng scolded both of them, he also used the Roaring Token and said, "Indeed, we can't do anything to you. However, hmph, how many Roaring Tokens do you have to squander?"
In the cave, Luo Zheng's face finally revealed a smile. He had no intention of provoking the two Empyreans. He did this purely because he could not find Luo Yan and wanted to vent.
Therefore, Luo Zheng did something unimaginable.
"You want to know how many Roaring Tokens I have?"
"Then can you count them?"
…
When Luo Zheng said these two sentences, all the creatures in the universe were speechless. He could have said it in one sentence, but he had to say it in two sentences!
Even a Empyrean would not dare to squander Roaring Tokens like this!
But then, an inconceivable scene appeared.
Luo Zheng began counting.
"One."
"Two."
"Three."
"Four."
"Five …"
He would pause for a moment every time he counted a number. It was obvious that he used a Roaring Token for every number he counted.
Countless creatures in the universe were discussing this voice that was ringing in their ears …
"My God, how many Roaring Tokens does this kid have!"
"He's already counted to ten! These ten Roaring Tokens can basically buy an ordinary tenth-grade Sacred Land! "
"Who knows where this Empyrean successor came from. I've seen prodigals, but I've never seen such a prodigal!"
Such discussions rang out in almost every corner of the Hundred Thousand Great Realms.
The problem was that Luo Zheng was still counting …
"Twenty …"
"Twenty-one …"
"One hundred …"
At this time, Empyrean Still Water and Empyrean Ling Huo also fell silent.
The two of them had quite a number of Howling Tokens, but Celestial Master Still Water only had a little over a hundred of them. Although he had hundreds of Howling Sky Tapirs in captivity, most of them needed time to grow. Otherwise, the Howling Tokens they produced would not be able to resound throughout the universe!
As for Empyrean Ling Huo, he had even fewer Roaring Tokens, only a little more than eighty.
The problem was that these two Empyreans had more Roaring Tokens than other Empyreans. If they squandered them like Luo Zheng, they would also feel heartache!
The crux was where in the world did this kid get so many Roaring Tokens from?
If they traded these Roaring Tokens, they could exchange them for a huge amount of resources for their own cultivation! Why waste it like this …
Luo Zheng's voice continued to reverberate throughout the universe.
"One hundred and ten …"
"One hundred and twenty …"
"One hundred and thirty …"
From surprise to shock, to disbelief, then to disbelief, then to disbelief, and finally to numbness. This was the journey in the hearts of countless beings in the universe after hearing Luo Zheng's count.
This numbness lasted for a full four hours. Luo Zheng counted from one to more than ten thousand until another voice sounded in the universe …
"Hehe, what are you doing? Is counting fun?"
It was a woman's voice. It was very soft and ethereal, and when it reached one's ears, it made one feel numb.
When the Empyreans and Realm Lords in the universe heard this voice, their expressions changed drastically.

Chapter 996
Luo Zheng wasn't that bored, but it was his first time using the Roaring Token, so he was a little curious.
He didn't expect to hear a woman's voice towards the end of the count.
Luo Zheng was looking forward to hearing the voice of a Luo Yan. Unfortunately, this woman wasn't one. Hearing her question, Luo Zheng said angrily, "It's not fun."
"If it's not fun, why are you counting? Are you crazy?" the woman replied with a grin.
"It's really boring. Anyway, I'm going to cultivate." After fiddling with the Roaring Token for a long time, Luo Zheng was a little bored and was about to put it away.
Unexpectedly, the woman continued, "Don't cultivate. Do you want to listen to me sing?"
When her words resounded through the universe, dozens of voices suddenly sounded throughout the universe. Almost all the reclusive old monsters used the Roaring Tokens in their hands at this moment!
"Don't, please, don't sing!"
"We know your voice is nice, but you don't have to sing. We're really speechless!"
"Hey, hey, didn't you promise us that you won't sing in the future?"
The voices of many Celestial Venerables sounded at the same time.
Originally, the others didn't get involved in the quarrel between Luo Zheng, Celestial Venerable Ling Huo, and Celestial Venerable Still Water. After all, no one was willing to use the Roaring Token on unimportant matters.
However, when the mysterious woman's voice sounded, all the Celestial Venerables became nervous at the same time. When she was about to sing, all the Celestial Venerables were shocked and tried to stop her.
On the contrary, Luo Zheng was a little confused. Wasn't it just singing? It was better than listening to him count, right?
The mysterious woman said in an aggrieved voice, "I just want to sing. Is there a need to make you so nervous? Is it because my singing isn't nice? "
"No, no, no one in the universe has a better singing voice than yours. But you promised us that you wouldn't sing in the universe!"
"Yes, I also think your voice is nice, but please don't sing anymore …"
"Please don't sing, please don't sing!"
Hearing the pleading words of the Celestial Venerables, Luo Zheng asked curiously, "Why are they afraid of you singing? Is it because your singing is too bad? "
The woman giggled and said, "Yes, they don't like to hear me sing, so I have to sing …"
"It's really not that you find it unpleasant!" The roars of the several Empyreans were like free orders, constantly dissuading him.
The mysterious woman thought for a moment and said, "Alright, this time I won't release Devil Echo in my voice. Don't worry, it won't cause a beast tide!"
"Are you sure it won't cause a beast tide?" An Empyrean asked cautiously.
"Yes. Last time, it was because they were affected by the reverberation of the demonic voice that caused them to go berserk. This time, it won't happen again …" the mysterious woman continued.
Hearing this, Luo Zheng finally understood.
This was not the first time the mysterious woman's voice had appeared in the universe.
Just a few years ago, this mysterious woman's voice rang out for the first time. At that time, the first sentence she said was still fresh in the minds of the trillions of living beings in the universe because it was simply too profound.
At that time, the mysterious woman opened her mouth and asked, "Is there anyone here?"
This sentence was even more useless than the sentence Luo Zheng asked when he was looking for Luo Yan!
Of course there were people in the universe, but no one was bored enough to use Roaring Tokens to answer her question. Even the extremely wealthy Empyrean Still Water and Empyrean Ling Huo, although they had a large number of Roaring Tokens in their hands, they used them to curse at each other from a distance. They were disinclined to answer this mysterious woman's question.
Thus, after the mysterious woman asked several times in a row, she stopped asking and began to sing.
Her voice was originally very pleasant to listen to. If she sang, it would naturally be pretty good. But here was the problem.
Her voice seemed to contain some kind of special demonic nature! Even living beings with normal intelligence would be extremely agitated after hearing her voice and be unable to control themselves.
And when those Vicious Beasts with undeveloped intelligence heard her voice, it directly caused them to riot. Thus, her voice caused the largest Beast Tide in history!
Beast Tides weren't anything rare in the universe. Some great worlds would erupt with Beast Tides from time to time. For example, a certain race of Vicious Beasts would suddenly go crazy and gather hundreds of thousands or even millions of Vicious Beasts to attack a certain Holy Land at the same time …
Every race would more or less guard against the arrival of Beast Tides. And once a Beast Tide erupted in a great world, the races of the surrounding great worlds would lend a helping hand.
However, the Beast Tide triggered by this mysterious woman was no ordinary Beast Tide. It was a Beast Tide that erupted in the universe at the same time in a hundred thousand great worlds!
Generally speaking, Vicious Beasts with undeveloped intelligence wouldn't be particularly powerful. However, these Vicious Beasts were often terrifying in numbers. For example, Ant Tides, Scorpion Tides, Snake Tides, and so on. The ones to suffer were the weaker living beings.
However, there were still a considerable number of Vicious Beasts in the universe. Although they hadn't developed intelligence, their strength was abnormally powerful.
When these fellows were stirred up by the mysterious woman's voice, the situation immediately spiraled out of control.
That period of time could be called a dark day for many races in the universe. The hundred thousand great worlds suffered immeasurable losses. Many Holy Lands and Divine Kingdoms were destroyed. Although there were no Empyreans or World Lords that died, there were countless powerhouses below the World Lord level!
And the instigator of all of this was this mysterious woman. It was all because of one of her songs.
This was also why when this mysterious woman suddenly said she wanted to sing, the originally silent Empyreans all jumped out to stop her.
Up until now, where this woman came from and what her name was were all mysteries in the universe.
Some Empyreans had once tried to fish for information from her, but this mysterious woman refused to answer. Later, many Empyreans persuaded her not to sing in the future. Since then, this mysterious woman had never spoken.
At the very least, in these past few years, her voice had never resounded in the universe again.
But today, another fellow had appeared. Not only had he quarreled with the Empyreans, but he had also managed to make this mysterious woman speak. While the Empyreans were trembling with fear, they also resented Luo Zheng.
However, they didn't dare say anything. This mysterious woman's origins were unknown, so they could only persuade her like this. If she really opened her mouth to sing, it would be another disaster for the hundred thousand great worlds in the universe.
Fortunately, they heard this woman say she wouldn't use the Demonic Echo. If she promised not to trigger a Beast Tide, then singing a song wouldn't be too much of a problem …
In truth, Luo Zheng didn't know that all the Holy Lands and Divine Kingdoms in the hundred thousand great worlds had entered a state of alert!
Whether it was the Human Race, the Fiend Night Clan, or the Demon Race …
From the small third-grade and fourth-grade sects to the large ninth-grade and tenth-grade Holy Lands and Divine Kingdoms, all the factions issued orders to gather all their martial artists and deploy them to the various passes, main roads, and city walls …
Every martial artist's face flashed with nervousness. As for the leaders of the Holy Lands and the rulers of the Divine Kingdoms, their complexions were also grim!
Although this mysterious woman promised that her singing this time wouldn't trigger a Beast Tide, who could say for sure?
No one knew the woman's origins. Even if she triggered a Beast Tide again, there was almost nothing they could do to her!
They could only rely on themselves. No one was willing to see a devastating disaster brought about by a Beast Tide.
As for the Spiritual Martial Holy Land where Luo Zheng was, at this moment, they were also mobilizing a large number of experts and deploying them to various parts of the Spiritual Martial Holy Land. Of course, they didn't expect this group of ascenders to help, so these ascenders who were diligently mining in the mines didn't feel any sense of crisis. They, who had ascended from the lower realms, didn't know how terrifying this Beast Tide was.
After a while, the woman's ethereal and pleasant voice drifted through the universe …
"Awakening in the wind and leaves, the time and space under the shadow of the tree …"
"The notes at the fingertips, for whom are they played …"
"The whistling wheels …"
Her voice was as gentle as a nightingale. Coupled with this slow and elegant tone, it was indeed very pleasant to the ears.
However, except for Luo Zheng, most of the creatures in the universe weren't in the mood to appreciate her singing. It wasn't that they didn't know how to appreciate it, but they were now paying close attention to the great worlds they were in, afraid that there would be any trouble and trigger another Beast Tide!
＝＝＝＝＝

Chapter 997
After the song ended, the mysterious woman asked, "Is it nice?"
"It's nice, it's nice!"
"It's so nice. This song should only exist in the heavens. It's rare to hear it in the mortal world!"
"I've never heard such a nice song …"
Many Celestial Venerables also felt sorry for the Howling Tokens in their hands. After all, their Howling Tokens were not like Luo Zheng and this mysterious woman's. They could use them as they pleased. How wasteful was it to use the Howling Tokens to flatter others?
However, they also knew that they couldn't save their Howling Tokens. The mysterious woman didn't sound old, but in the hearts of many Celestial Venerables, she was like a great aunt. They were afraid that if they angered her and used the Demon Echo, they would be in big trouble.
Who knew that the mysterious woman didn't buy it. She just snorted and said, "I'm not asking you. I'm asking him!"
Everyone knew who she was asking. It had to be the mysterious young man who had been counting.
Seeing that the mysterious young man didn't speak, the other Celestial Venerables also hurriedly said, "Hey, boy, say something!"
Luo Zheng, who was in the cave, smiled faintly. He then calmly activated the Roaring Command in his hand and said, "Yes, it sounds good."
"Hehe." The mysterious woman smiled and said, "Then I'll sing it for you every day in the future, okay?"
In fact, as long as it didn't cause a beast tide, the Celestial Venerables wouldn't dislike this woman's singing. After all, her voice was very pleasant to the ears. However, everyone was worried and didn't want her to sing every day. But now, no one dared to jump out and stop her. They were afraid of angering her.
However, many Celestial Venerables still hoped that Luo Zheng would take the initiative to refuse …
However, Luo Zheng only responded, "Okay."
"Yes, that's right. I haven't asked your name yet. I'm afraid I won't know how to address you in the future." The mysterious woman's voice sounded again.
Hearing the mysterious woman ask Luo Zheng's name, many Celestial Venerables became interested.
If they knew the name of this mysterious young man, it would be much easier to find him. They were very interested in the mysterious woman, and they were also interested in Luo Zheng. These Celestial Venerables just wanted to figure out how these two people got their Roaring Tokens and why they never ran out.
Luo Zheng was not an idiot. How could he say his name in front of everyone in the universe? Earlier, he had scolded the two Celestial Lords. Moreover, he had a special roaring token in his hand. Wasn't he courting death by saying his name?
"It's not convenient for me to say this name," Luo Zheng responded.
"It's not convenient …" Hearing that Luo Zheng didn't want to tell her his name, the woman's voice seemed to be disappointed, but she immediately said, "It doesn't matter, as long as you can chat with me! I'm trapped here and can't go anywhere. It's really depressing! "
"If you have time, I'll be happy to keep you company," Luo Zheng said lightly.
In fact, Luo Zheng didn't have much interest in chatting with this mysterious woman. He was already too busy with his own affairs, so how could he have the time to chat with a woman of unknown origin?
Luo Zheng's answer was just perfunctory.
After putting away the Roaring Token, Luo Zheng continued to close his eyes and cultivate. Several hours had passed since he used the Roaring Token to cause such a ruckus in the universe.
The next day, when Luo Zheng returned to the settlement, he found that everyone was talking about the Roaring Token yesterday, including the soldiers on duty.
"Who do you think that mysterious young man is?"
"I think it's most likely that he's a descendant of a Celestial Lord!"
"Yes, I think so too. Only a descendant of a Celestial Lord would be so willful and use the Roaring Token …"
Hearing these conversations, a soldier sneered. "Don't use your ignorance to speculate. Let me tell you, let alone a descendant of a Celestial Lord, even a Celestial Lord wouldn't waste the Roaring Token like this! That mysterious young man's origin, hehe … isn't something you can speculate about! "
"Brother Xing, you said that the mysterious young man isn't a descendant of a Celestial Lord. Then who is he?" An ascendant asked the soldier.
The soldier spread out his hands and said, "You ask me, but who am I supposed to ask? I can only tell you that that guy is definitely not a descendant of a Celestial Lord. As for who he is … I'm afraid no one in the entire universe knows. "
This armored soldier called Big Brother Xing's words were too absolute.
For example, there were people who recognized Luo Zheng's voice, and there were more than one.
Just like Yun Luo and the people from the Demi-Immortal Clan …
However, the people from the Demi-Immortal Clan couldn't be sure that the mysterious young man was Luo Zheng. After all, there were too many living beings in the universe. Among the trillions of living beings, it wasn't difficult to find a cultivator with the same voice as Luo Zheng. Therefore, the people from the Demi-Immortal Clan could only guess.
As for Yun Luo, because she knew about Luo Yan and knew that Luo Zheng was looking for her sister, she was able to determine Luo Zheng's identity by comparing their voices.
Although the universe was vast, it couldn't be that there was a cultivator with the same voice as Luo Zheng, who was also looking for a cultivator called "Luo Yan," right? There was no such coincidence in the world.
According to yesterday's agreement, Mu Mingxue rested for a whole night before entering the settlement again.
Along the way, many Divine Sea Realm cultivators were sizing up Mu Mingxue. Their gazes gave her goosebumps all over her body. Some Divine Sea Realm cultivators even invited her to mine with them. Mu Mingxue refused all of these invitations without exception. She knew clearly that these guys were up to no good!
At this time, Mu Mingxue was still puzzled about the voice that had been ringing for a long time yesterday.
Yesterday, she listened carefully to every word. The mysterious young man's voice was too similar to Luo Zheng's! They were exactly the same!
However, Luo Zheng was just a cultivator who had just ascended. It was impossible for him to get a Roaring Token, not to mention that he had wasted so many Roaring Tokens …
This was Mu Mingxue's doubt.
When she saw Luo Zheng waiting in the settlement, she quickly walked over with a smile, "Let's go!"
Luo Zheng nodded. Since he had chosen to mine in the mine, Luo Zheng's target was the Zhen Yuanyu. The sooner he dug them out, the sooner he could regain his freedom.
However, on the way, Mu Mingxue kept asking Luo Zheng questions, which made Luo Zheng vigilant. This woman seemed to be suspecting him …
In fact, Luo Zheng could understand. Yesterday, she heard his voice in the Roaring Token. Today, she probably wanted to confirm it. However, since Luo Zheng didn't admit it, this matter couldn't be verified at all. As for Mu Mingxue's wild guesses, Luo Zheng wouldn't dispel her doubts.
However, in the process of rushing to the mine, the two didn't know that they were being watched.
The ascenders in the mineral veins were also grouped together.
All the ascenders could roughly be divided into three factions. Among them, the most powerful faction was led by a martial artist called Qiu Ren!
In fact, the bald cultivator who had been slapped to death by Luo Zheng yesterday was also Qiu Ren's subordinate. If it weren't for Qiu Ren's acquiescence, how could the bald cultivator dare to rob here?
Ascenders like Qiu Ren had already accumulated enough Zhen Yuanyu. Originally, they could have left the mine early. However, Qiu Ren wanted to accumulate enough Zhen Yuanyu here. After bribing the soldiers in the mine, he stayed in the mine to cultivate. He had already accumulated a lot of Zhen Yuanyu. When he left this place in the future, he would be able to buy a large amount of resources so that he could cultivate quickly …
Like Qiu Ren, the leaders of the other two forces also had the same plan. Therefore, the entire mine seemed to be in order. In fact, it was monopolized by these three forces. The other ascenders diligently mined the mine. Not only did they have to hand it over to the Lingwu Holy Land, they also had to give a portion of their labor to these three people!
Yesterday, the six Spirit Sea Realm cultivators fled in panic. They turned around and complained to Qiu Ren. Qiu Ren firmly controlled the mine in this area. How could he tolerate others challenging his authority?

Chapter 998
Regarding Luo Zheng's Life and Death cultivation base, Qiu Ren was also somewhat baffled.
Moreover, the bald cultivator's followers had also described Luo Zheng's fighting style to Qiu Ren. This guy seemed to have innate divine strength and had actually slapped the bald cultivator into the lode with a single palm.
This kind of strength was enough to arouse Qiu Ren's vigilance. Therefore, this time, he sent three people to follow Luo Zheng into the lode.
These three people were Qiu Ren's right-hand men. Although they were also ascenders, they were well-known figures among ascenders. Their strength was far more formidable than ordinary ascenders.
Qiu Ren had instructed these three to secretly kill Luo Zheng.
Although the Spirit Martial Holy Land didn't care much about fighting and killing in the lode, Qiu Ren had always been very careful. If he killed too many ascenders, the number of True Origin Stones he had to hand over would decrease. If the higher-ups blamed him, it would be difficult to explain to the guards in charge of managing the lode, and it would be even more difficult for Qiu Ren to explain.
Therefore, under normal circumstances, Qiu Ren wouldn't kill anyone. As long as one was willing to obediently hand over the True Origin Stones, he wouldn't make things difficult for them.
However, when it was time to act, Qiu Ren wouldn't hesitate. Since this Luo Zheng dared to kill his people, then he had to pay with his life. If he didn't do so, how could he, Qiu Ren, occupy this lode? How could he stand in front of so many subordinates?
Mu Mingxue was still immersed in doubts and speculations. She carefully thought about it. Yesterday, Luo Zheng seemed to have deliberately avoided her. In any case, during that time, she didn't know about Luo Zheng's whereabouts at all. He indeed had plenty of time …
Just as Mu Mingxue was making wild guesses, a True Origin Sound Transmission was transmitted to Mu Mingxue's ears.
"Someone is following us." This was Luo Zheng's voice.
Although the three people behind them had deliberately concealed their auras, how could they escape Luo Zheng's perception? Almost as soon as they left the settlement, Luo Zheng had already locked onto the three people's movements.
However, Luo Zheng hadn't confirmed it before. After all, these three people could also be mining. However, after Luo Zheng changed directions several times, they still firmly followed behind him. At the same time, he could feel a faint killing intent. Their goal couldn't be any simpler.
"Ah …"
After Luo Zheng's reminder, Mu Mingxue also immediately discovered the three people behind them.
In fact, these three people didn't have much ability to conceal themselves. Qiu Ren's order was to make Luo Zheng 'disappear' in the mineral vein. In their view, a Life and Death Realm martial artist and a female martial artist who had just ascended didn't need to be secretive at all. They were just fish on the chopping board.
"What should we do?" What could Mu Mingxue do? At this time, she could only ask asked asked Origin Sound Transmission Sound Transmission.
Luo Zheng said with an indifferent expression, "Let's talk about it after we enter the mine."
The two of them sped up and drilled into the mine. As for the three people behind them, they also sped up and followed closely behind.
Luo Zheng randomly chose a mine and entered it with Mu Mingxue.
The three people behind them laughed. One of them said, "This kid should be aware of our intentions. Even so, he still dares to enter the mine. It seems he is very confident."
"Confidence is a good thing, but blind confidence often leads to a quick death," another person responded.
"Leave that woman for me. There's no place to vent my anger in this damn place. It's not easy to find a beautiful woman. Don't kill her casually," the last person said with a grin.
After speaking, the three people turned into three escape lights and shot into the mine.
Just as the three people entered, they found Luo Zheng standing alone not far from the mine. He held a long sword in his hand and said with a smile on his face, "Hello."
The three people's expressions didn't change. The leader looked at Luo Zheng's posture and said coldly, "You know we want to kill you, but you still didn't run. Your courage is not bad."
"Unfortunately, you only have courage but no strength. In the end, you will only become a pile of bones," another person said.
Luo Zheng asked indifferently, "You came to kill me because of the bald cultivator yesterday?"
"We don't know. Big brother Qiu Ren told us to kill you. Naturally, you must die," one person replied.
"Qiu Ren?" Luo Zheng's eyebrows slightly raised. "I didn't provoke this person."
"You didn't provoke big brother Qiu Ren. That's not important. What's important is that you must die!" The three people acted very decisively. They didn't waste time talking nonsense with Luo Zheng. After speaking, the three people attacked Luo Zheng from three directions …
At the same time, a biting cold air swept over. It was Mu Mingxue's Snowfall Field that spread out and enveloped the three people.
Luo Zheng's face revealed a faint smile. He gently waved the long sword in his hand, which flashed a strange arc. He only sighed in his heart. This world was really no different from the lower realms. It was also a world where the strong preyed on the weak. It was also unreasonable. Suddenly, he felt a sense of weariness. If the peak of martial arts was also like this, then what was the point of pursuing this peak?
Although Luo Zheng was confused, the sword in his hand became even fiercer!
…
On the side of the settlement, some cultivators built some simple houses with stones.
Almighty Divine Sea Realm cultivators all had the power to move mountains and drain seas. It was too easy for them to cut some stones and build some simple houses.
And Qiu Ren lived here.
In fact, he originally planned to build a palace. When he was in the lower realms, he was a peerless hero. His Divine Kingdom almost completely ruled the great thousand worlds he lived in!
After getting used to living a flourishing life, he couldn't adapt after arriving in the upper realms.
However, the palace wasn't built in the end. The soldiers of the Spiritual Martial Holy Land didn't agree. They said that if the people above saw it, it would cause trouble.
After all, this was a place for ascenders to serve. If they wanted to serve, they had to act like they were serving. What was the meaning of building a palace here?
Therefore, Qiu Ren could only give up.
He also knew that his strength was nothing in the upper realms. But it didn't matter. He had accumulated tens of thousands of Zhen Yuanyu. This was a considerable amount of wealth. A part of it was used to bribe the soldiers. The other part could be taken away by himself. Using these Zhen Yuanyu to exchange for resources was enough to make his strength advance by leaps and bounds.
Qiu Ren looked forward to life in the upper realms. Unfortunately, he still needed to be patient now. He was patient now for the sake of being free in the future. Therefore, he was very patient. If he endured for a while more, he would be able to leave this damned place!
Even if he lived in this simple house, Qiu Ren still had his own fun.
For example, the three female ascenders in front of him were twisting their waists in front of him with all their might, throwing flirtatious glances at him to please him.
Although the female ascenders in this mine were excellent, there were still some. However, there weren't many people who were qualified to enjoy them. Of course, Qiu Ren was one of them.
These three women were also top existences in the lower realms. Perhaps they were the high and mighty Saintesses, or perhaps they were the Divine Queens of some Divine Kingdom … Unfortunately, after ascending, they could only cling to these men without any background!
Just as the three women were doing their best to twist and dance gracefully, Qiu Ren's expression suddenly changed. The metal wine cup in his hand was directly crushed into a ball by him.
"The slave seal disappeared?" Qiu Ren's expression darkened.
The slave seal that he planted on his subordinates had completely disappeared in an instant just now …
There was only one possibility. The three of them had been killed.
Those three were Qiu Ren's capable subordinates. He was very clear about their strength. Moreover, the slave seal had disappeared at almost the same time. This meant that the other party had used a thunderous method to kill them!
Just by relying on that Life and Death little guy and a female ascender at the Divine Ocean Realm?
This was impossible!
Qiu Ren almost subconsciously rejected the guess in his heart.
The only possibility was that those three were lured into the bottom layer of the mine by Luo Zheng and encountered some powerful ferocious beasts … However, those three were very cautious. They wouldn't have allowed Luo Zheng to enter the depths of the mine.
"Big Brother Qiu! What's wrong? You don't look good? "A female ascender's slender waist twisted and coiled around Qiu Ren's body.

Chapter 999
After killing those three people, Luo Zheng fell into deep thought.
It was as if he was possessed. Even Mu Mingxue, who was beside him, felt strange. It seemed that Luo Zheng was in a bad mood. She asked a few words of concern, but Luo Zheng seemed to be indifferent.
For many martial artists, the problem that Luo Zheng was thinking about was not a problem.
There were many directions in which a person could work hard, but they often lacked an ultimate goal.
Luo Zheng was indeed guided by Luo Yan. Perhaps this was fate's arrangement. Even now, Luo Yan was still like a compass, guiding him forward!
However, this was not Luo Zheng's ultimate goal. It was something that Luo Zheng had to accomplish, and the ultimate goal came from the deepest obsession in his heart.
Luo Zheng's obsession was indeed to pursue the pinnacle of martial arts. He wanted to see how far a martial artist could go. Could he control this world, or could he create a world?
When Luo Zheng climbed up to the Upper Bound, he found that the rules here were not much different from those in the Lower Bound …
A feeling of disgust arose in his heart, and this disgust accumulated and turned into confusion. If the scenery at the peak was the same, then it was better not to look!
In fact, Luo Zheng himself was not aware that he had also fallen into a spiritual dilemma.
The so-called spiritual dilemma was actually a kind of shackle on the heart of martial arts!
When Cui Xie kidnapped Luo Yan, it actually produced a spiritual dilemma, but it was produced by his opponent. To break this spiritual dilemma, Luo Zheng only needed to defeat Cui Xie, and his heart of martial arts would be unimpeded!
And now, this spiritual dilemma came from Luo Zheng himself. It was because he had doubts about the goal he had been pursuing all this time, and he felt tired of it!
This kind of mental dilemma was actually far more serious than Cui Xie's influence on Luo Zheng's martial heart. This was because Luo Zheng had set Cui Xie as his goal. As long as he continued to work hard to become stronger and then defeat this opponent, he would be able to break out of this situation.
Now, Luo Zheng's opponent was himself.
As the saying goes, the most powerful opponent is oneself. If Luo Zheng wanted to defeat himself and escape from this spiritual dilemma, it would not be an easy task!
Along the way, Luo Zheng searched for True Origin Stones in the mineral vein. He did not choose to enter the lowest level, so he was not in high spirits.
Therefore, this day of mining only ended hastily, and he only dug out some top-grade True Origin Stones.
When Mu Mingxue saw Luo Zheng like this, it was not good for her to ask anything. However, after seeing Luo Zheng's strength, she also knew that she was lucky to be able to obtain Luo Zheng's protection before relying on her uncle. If it was not for Luo Zheng, she was afraid that she could only be like the other female ascenders, relying on an even more powerful ascender …
After returning to the settlement, Luo Zheng casually found a place and sat down cross-legged, but he did not cultivate.
He was still racking his brains to think about this problem.
Many people would encounter this problem. A person who was striving hard would suddenly lose the motivation to struggle one day, and would ask himself what the meaning of life was.
If he could not find an answer, it was very likely that he would not be able to recover from this setback, and his entire temperament would change … But once he found the answer, his spirit would undergo a transformation, and his entire person would rise again!
Now, Luo Zheng was at a fork in the road.
While Luo Zheng was pondering, Qiu Ren, who was wearing a black shawl, swaggered through the settlement, and walked directly towards Luo Zheng.
Some of the newly ascended warriors did not know about Qiu Ren's power, but the majority of the surrounding ascenders were clear. Although this person was also an ascender, they absolutely should not provoke him. This person was even more difficult to deal with than the armored warriors of the Spirit Martial Holy Land.
These armored warriors were restricted by the rules of the Spirit Martial Holy Land, but Qiu Ren was not restricted by any rules. Although he was only an ascender, he had the power to decide life and death in this mine!
Luo Zheng sat quietly in the same spot with his eyes closed. His mind was running at full speed.
Even Qinglong was aware of the change in Luo Zheng's mentality.
But it didn't say anything. It just carefully watched Luo Zheng's every move. It also guessed that Luo Zheng was in a spiritual dilemma, and this kind of spiritual dilemma was very troublesome. The more confident Luo Zheng was, the stronger his obsession was, and the more serious this dilemma was!
Others could not help Luo Zheng. Qinglong's simple preaching was meaningless. Luo Zheng could only convince himself and defeat himself. This was a battle between himself and himself. No one could participate unless someone could change Luo Zheng's mind. But in that case, Luo Zheng's soul and memory would be reconstructed, and he would not be the current Luo Zheng.
At this moment, Qiu Ren walked in front of Luo Zheng.
Feeling a warrior of the Spirit Sea Realm in front of him, Luo Zheng opened his eyes and looked at Qiu Ren indifferently. Although he did not know Qiu Ren, Luo Zheng did not need to think to guess the identity of this person. The one who sent people to kill him during the day must be this guy in front of him.
"Where are they?" Qiu Ren stared at Luo Zheng and asked coldly.
"Who?" Luo Zheng asked back.
Qiu Ren sneered, "Three people. Who do you think they are? Playing dumb? "
"Oh … I already killed them," Luo Zheng answered indifferently.
"You?" Qiu Ren frowned.
Luo Zheng let out a long sigh and then said, "Yes, with me …"
Hearing the conversation between Luo Zheng and Qiu Ren, the ascenders who were cultivating or resting around them were stunned.
It seemed that there was a conflict between this Life and Death Realm youth and Qiu Ren?
And this Life and Death Realm youth killed the three people around Qiu Ren …
Was this guy so strong?
Wasn't provoking Qiu Ren the same as seeking his own death?
"You are seeking your own death." Although Qiu Ren already knew the result, after confirming it again, the coldness on his face became more and more intense.
"Don't you have to find your own path …" Luo Zheng suddenly raised his head and looked at the starry sky. It was a cloudy night and the night sky was misty.
Hearing Luo Zheng's words, Qiu Ren's face showed a confused expression. "What do you mean?!"
"I want to know the meaning of the end of this path …" Luo Zheng continued.
This time, not only Qiu Ren, but the other warriors also had strange expressions on their faces. Was this guy crazy? Or was he scared out of his wits by Qiu Ren?
Looking at Luo Zheng's sluggish face, Qiu Ren laughed instead. "It's useless to pretend to be crazy. You have two choices in front of you. You can either plant a slave imprint in you and become my slave and listen to my orders, or you can go to the mine tomorrow and die!"
Luo Zheng indifferently looked at Qiu Ren, his eyes incomparably clear. Suddenly, he slapped his head and said, "I know why I'm tired. I've heard your words countless times!" As he spoke, he even laughed. This smile gave people a very pure feeling.
This time, it was Qiu Ren's turn to be speechless. He even suspected that Luo Zheng wasn't pretending to be crazy, but was really stupid. Could it be that he was scared silly?
"Even if I know why I'm so disgusted, I still can't find the meaning …" Luo Zheng frowned and stared at Qiu Ren.
If it weren't for Qiu Ren not wanting to make a move in front of so many people and the soldiers of the Spirit Martial Holy Land, he would have already killed this strange guy.
"This Life and Death Realm kid seems to be seriously ill …"
"He must be scared silly and doesn't dare to face Qiu Ren. But this trick is useless! With Qiu Ren's character, he won't let go of anyone who offends him. Begging for mercy is useless, and pretending to be stupid is even more useless! "
"Why do I feel like he's nothing? This guy's words sound a little strange, but he seems to be thinking about something."
Although the ascenders didn't dare to come over, they didn't disperse. They also knew that Qiu Ren wouldn't kill people here, so they didn't have to worry about being implicated. Of course, when they discussed, they also lowered their voices to avoid Qiu Ren hearing them.
"What do you think? What's the meaning of pursuing power? "Luo Zheng suddenly stared at Qiu Ren and asked.
Qiu Ren's eyelids twitched, and his big fists were already clenched tightly. He was a little unable to tolerate this guy. He originally wanted to put psychological pressure on Luo Zheng and make him obediently become his slave. He didn't expect that this guy didn't put him in his eyes at all. Instead, he popped out a string of irrelevant words!
He really wanted to make a move here …
But in the end, he suppressed the anger in his heart and didn't say a word. It was enough to think of a way to deal with this idiot tomorrow. Thinking of this, he turned around and left.
However, Luo Zheng still didn't let Qiu Ren go. Instead, his figure flashed and blocked in front of Qiu Ren. He stared at Qiu Ren and asked, "What do you think? What's the meaning of pursuing power? "
He wanted to leave, but this kid actually blocked his way. Qiu Ren felt like he was about to collapse …
As for the surrounding ascenders, they also stared at this scene with wide eyes. One of them whispered, "He's probably really scared out of his wits by Qiu Ren. Otherwise, how could he have the guts to block Qiu Ren's path …"
(Thanks to Pu Yuanmeng for the 1K coins tip, Léi for the 500K coins tip, and Huangcheng Xinyu for the tip ^ _ ^)
＝＝＝＝＝

Chapter 1000
If Qiu Ren knew that Luo Zheng was acting like an idiot, he wouldn't have come tonight even if he was beaten to death!
His purpose for looking for Luo Zheng today was very simple. Either he planted a slave imprint on Luo Zheng and become his slave, or he died. Qiu Ren would never indiscriminately kill useful people. This was also one of his skills in this lode.
Who would have thought that this guy wouldn't feel the danger at all? Instead, he was like an idiot and didn't answer his question.
If it wasn't for the fact that he had some reservations and didn't want to fight here, Luo Zheng would be a dead man by now.
"I'm warning you for the last time. Get out of my way." Qiu Ren's face was as cold as ice in the winter. Being teased by a Life and Death little guy in front of so many people was indeed a very shameful thing.
Luo Zheng didn't have the slightest fear. He still stared at Qiu Ren and asked, "Tell me, what is the purpose of becoming strong?"
Qiu Ren's eyes flashed with killing intent. He reached out and grabbed Luo Zheng's shoulder. Since this guy didn't want to get out of the way, he would let him suffer first.
His eagle claw-like hand directly grabbed Luo Zheng's shoulder. The True Yuan in his body began to circulate. He didn't make a sound, but in fact, he had already used eighty percent of his strength!
How could the other martial artists not understand? Qiu Ren had most likely used his hidden strength. In the next breath, Luo Zheng's bones would probably shatter.
Who would have thought that Luo Zheng would still be motionless and repeat the same sentence …
At this moment, Qiu Ren displayed his strength. They saw Luo Zheng's shoulder lightly shake, and a powerful force that Qiu Ren couldn't resist rolled out.
At this moment, Qiu Ren's expression changed drastically. Under the sweeping force, Qiu Ren's entire body began to rapidly retreat. His feet plowed out two grooves in the ground. After he retreated several dozen feet, his entire body somersaulted, and he once again smashed his fist into the ground behind him. Only then did he come to a stop!
Qiu Ren's punch was actually releasing the force of Luo Zheng's shoulder gently shaking. If he didn't do so, his bones wouldn't be able to withstand such a powerful force. The final result was that all the bones in his body would probably break!
"Boom!"
The punch landed on the ground behind Qiu Ren, causing the ground to sink slightly. Then, the surface of the ground rippled like water, forming a crater that was hundreds of meters wide. Many ascenders who were meditating in meditation were swept into the crater, and they all flew up into the air.
These ascenders' cultivations were disturbed, and all of them had angry looks on their faces. But when they saw Qiu Ren, how could they dare to flare up? He was just curious about who made Qiu Ren suffer a loss.
As for those ascenders who were watching the show, they were all dumbstruck after witnessing the entire process.
These ascenders could easily create a crater that was hundreds of meters deep with a single punch.
The problem was that they clearly saw that Luo Zheng didn't even throw a punch. He only moved his shoulder slightly!
What's more, after the swing, the force was transmitted to Qiu Ren's body. This was already past the first level of dissipation! While Qiu Ren was constantly retreating, this was the second layer of energy dissipation. When Qiu Ren was unable to completely dissipate this energy, he could only choose to strike this energy into the ground. This was the third layer of energy dissipation!
In other words, Luo Zheng's power was still able to cause such destruction even after being weakened three times.
What was even more frightening was that he only moved his shoulder slightly.
Just how terrifying was Luo Zheng's power?
As for Qiu Ren, his eyes revealed an expression of disbelief. Of course, he couldn't understand how Luo Zheng could erupt with such power. But now, he finally understood why the three people he sent out were instantly killed by Luo Zheng, and why the three slave seals disappeared at almost the same time.
This brat's power was immeasurable!
"Whoosh!"
Luo Zheng was like a ghost. He passed through space and instantly appeared in front of Qiu Ren.
Qiu Ren no longer looked down on Luo Zheng. He realized that even if he went all out, it wouldn't be easy to take down Luo Zheng. Therefore, when Luo Zheng teleported over, the true essence in his body began to surge crazily. He was already on full alert as he faced Luo Zheng, ready to attack at any time.
If he attacked Luo Zheng here, it might cause some unnecessary trouble, but no trouble was more important than his own life.
Who knew that Luo Zheng would move in front of Qiu Ren and say the same thing, "Tell me …"
At this time, the expression on Qiu Ren's face was incomparably wonderful. Fools weren't scary, but fools were scary. What the hell was this guy trying to do?
It seemed that if he didn't answer Luo Zheng's question, he wouldn't be able to leave today. Therefore, this fierce and ruthless person who was like an iron tower finally resisted the urge to attack and seriously considered Luo Zheng's question.
"Becoming stronger means that you can live longer!" Qiu Ren helplessly replied. Anyway, he had already lost all his face today, so it didn't matter if he lost a little more.
"What is the purpose of living longer?" Luo Zheng asked again.
"The purpose of living longer is to become stronger!" Qiu Ren rolled his eyes and continued to answer.
"Then what is the purpose of becoming stronger?" Luo Zheng continued to ask.
Qiu Ren's mouth was wide open as he stared at Luo Zheng. He was really on the verge of collapse. Was this person crazy?
As for the other ascenders, they were already forcefully holding back their breaths to prevent themselves from laughing out loud … This was Qiu Ren. If it were someone else, they would have already started to laugh out loud.
Qiu Ren, who was on the verge of collapse, finally roared, "Becoming stronger is for better enjoyment, to be able to dominate this world as one pleases! To be able to enjoy the wealth of the entire world, to be able to dictate the life and death of all living things! "
Hearing Qiu Ren's roar, Luo Zheng's eyes suddenly lit up, and he once again sank into contemplation.
"Dictate everything …" Luo Zheng muttered as he pondered.
He was indeed tired, but this didn't mean that Luo Zheng had lost his martial heart. He was just tired of this kind of killing, tired of this law of the jungle …
"If I can dictate everything, I will definitely change this law, change this universe." The light in Luo Zheng's eyes became brighter and brighter, like a blazing star!
"With my current strength, I don't have the qualifications to be tired. I still have too many important things to accomplish …"
"It's useless to be tired. I can only work hard to become stronger, and then change …"
After ascending to the Upper Realm, perhaps because he wasn't used to it, or perhaps because he was lonely, it had a subtle impact on Luo Zheng's state of mind. In the end, it caused Luo Zheng to fall into a spiritual dilemma!
However, Luo Zheng's self-recovery ability was also extremely strong. He almost relied on his instincts to grasp Qiu Ren and carry out a "deduction".
Of course, the answer that Qiu Ren was forced to come up with out of helplessness wasn't correct, or it could be said that it wasn't important.
Luo Zheng only relied on Qiu Ren's words to let himself discern the correct direction!
To a martial artist, a spiritual dilemma was an extremely dangerous matter. Many martial artists were unable to find the meaning of their lives because they encountered a spiritual dilemma. There were those who lived in seclusion in the mountains and forests, and there were also those who went insane. There were even those who saw through the meaning of life and committed suicide …
Luo Zheng, on the other hand, quickly walked out of this predicament through deduction.
After breaking free from the spiritual dilemma, Luo Zheng's goal became clearer. His martial arts heart also completed a transformation and sublimation in this "deduction" …
Qiu Ren's face almost began to flash with an aggrieved expression. He had provoked this idiot. It was his bad luck!
However, at this moment, Luo Zheng's gaze had already returned to its ethereal state. Instead, he smiled slightly at Qiu Ren. "Thank you!"
Qiu Ren frowned. He didn't want to say another word to Luo Zheng. He shook the cloak behind him and quickly rushed to the other side of the settlement!
This kid didn't go crazy. He was just pretending to be stupid to tease me. He couldn't take this lying down no matter what. He thought in his heart. Just as he returned to his residence, he saw two armored soldiers standing at his door.
Seeing the two armored soldiers from the Lingwu Holy Land, Qiu Ren's face immediately filled with a smile. He relied on these two big brothers to act like a tyrant in this mineral vein.
"Elder Huang, Elder Chen, why are the two of you here? Don't you have enough Zhen Yuanyu to spend? "Qiu Ren laughed mischievously. His expression was very polite.
After he took control of this mineral vein, he bribed a lot of Zhen Yuanyu to these two people. They could be considered very familiar with each other. The reason why Qiu Ren could sit firmly in the mineral vein was also because of these two people's care.